<doc id="18321274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321274" title="Arizona Charter Academy">
Arizona Charter Academy

Arizona Charter Academy (ACA) is a coeducational, public charter school located in Surprise, Arizona, USA. The school population is largely from the cities of El Mirage, Surprise, Peoria, Youngtown and Glendale. ACA provides instructions for students in grades kindergarten through 12th grade. The school's stated mission is to provide all students with purpose, character, and excellence in education through parental involvement, community collaboration and career exploration. ACA has been designated by the "Arizona Learns Achievement Profile" as "Performing Plus". It is also a candidate for accreditation by the North Central Association.
Extracurricular activities.
Service learning opportunities.
Service learning opportunities include the Mexico House Building Trip (open to qualified high school students: twenty staff and students journey to Puerto Peñasco, Mexico to build a home for a family living in poverty), Habitat for Humanity (where students help construct a house for a family in their community), the West Side Food Bank and the Annual Blood Drive for United Blood Services.
Athletics.
The school is a member of the Arizona Interscholastic Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18321296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321296" title="Giles Long">
Giles Long

Giles Bruce Long MBE (born 9 July 1976, Harold Wood, Northeast London), is a retired British swimmer, public speaker, TV presenter & commentator. He is also the inventor of Lexi.
Swimmer.
Long's international swimming career highlight was winning gold in the S8 100 m Butterfly in a new World Record time at the Sydney 2000 Paralympics.
The 1994 World Championships was his first major international. He won gold in the S8 100 m butterfly, breaking the world record in the process. He represented Great Britain at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, and won three medals, including gold in the 100 m butterfly. He competed again at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, where he won two gold medals and one silver, and set a new world record in the 100 m butterfly. He also took part in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, winning bronze in the S8 100 m Butterfly.
In 2005, Long was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE).
He announced his retirement from competitive swimming in 2007.
On 5 July 2012 he was a Torchbearer as part of the Olympic Torch Relay. He was the first leg of Day 48 and started on top of Norwich Castle. He then carried the torch down inside the castle and round the walls before passing the flame on as it travelled towards Ipswich.
Early life.
Long grew up in Braintree, Essex in the UK. He enjoyed being in the water and joined Braintree & Bocking Swimming Club in 1983 aged seven. 
At the age of 13 he was diagnosed with an Osteosarcoma, a form of bone cancer, in his right Humerus (the bone which connects shoulder to elbow). He underwent chemotherapy at University College Hospital, London and had an operation to insert a full humeral prosthetic replacement (a metal bone) into his right arm at the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital (RNOH), Stanmore. After the treatment and operation Long resumed swimming and returned to able-bodied competition though by now swimming with just his left arm.
Life returned to relative normality with a return to school but in late 1991 the disease returned with a serious infection during which Long nearly died. He was admitted to the now demolished Middlesex Hospital, London and was treated, again with chemotherapy, in the UK's first Teenage Cancer Trust unit. He was operated on by Mr Cannon at the RNOH and then spent six weeks in isolation to treat the infection. He was then operated on again before finishing his chemotherapy. The final part of the treatment was a course of Radiotherapy at Middlesex Hospital.
Education.
Long read Geology at the University of Leeds and graduated with BSc 2:1 with honours in 1997.
Television & Radio.
Giles was part of the UK Channel 4 presenting and commentary team for the London 2012 Paralympics. His contribution was very well received. Clive James in the "Daily Telegraph" wrote "Giles Long, himself three times a Paralympics swimming gold medallist, who was so thorough in explaining the requirements of swimming with a damaged body that you learned a lot about swimming in general."
On the lead up to the 2012 Paralympics he presented the IPC World Swimming Championships in 2010 (both highlights and live web broadcast), BT Paralympic World Cup live coverage in 2011, the highlights of the IPC European Wheelchair Fencing Championships and packages for That Paralympic Show.
In 2010 and 2011 he worked on the sports desk at Sky News and for the BBC News Channel.
Earlier in his career he had untaken work placements with BBC Radio 1 on the Mark & Lard Show, BBC Radio 5Live, BBC Radio Manchester.
LEXI.
Long is the inventor of Lexi a groundbreaking graphics system that, for the first time, effectively explained the confusing system of classification in Paralympic sports on television. It was first used by London 2012 host broadcaster Channel 4 in the UK. It was also sub-licensed to ABC for use in Australia.
On 28 November 2012 he was awarded an honorary doctorate by the University of East London for the invention of Lexi and his contribution to the coverage of the London 2012 Paralympic Games.
Giles Long is the global rights holder for Lexi.
Writer & Author.
Giles wrote "Changing to Win", an autobiography and motivational book, which was first published by Piatkus (now part of Little, Brown and Company) in October 2008. It was then reprinted in April 2010.
He wrote briefly for the "Daily Telegraph" in 2004 describing the emotional roller-coaster of competing at the Athens 2004 Paralympic Games. He also wrote a column in "The Swimming Times" from May 2008 to July 2009.
Awards.
On 12 May 2013 he was part of the Channel 4 team that won at the British Academy of Film and Television Arts award (BAFTA) in the Sport & Best Live Event category.

</doc>
<doc id="18321308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321308" title="1969–70 Detroit Red Wings season">
1969–70 Detroit Red Wings season

The 1969–70 Detroit Red Wings season is noted as being Carl Brewer’s comeback season in the NHL. Baun was reunited with former Toronto Maple Leafs teammates Bob Baun, Pete Stemkowski, and Frank Mahovlich. Brewer signed a contract worth $120,000. Brewer was acquired back in March 1968. The Detroit Red Wings acquired Frank Mahovlich, Pete Stemkowski, Garry Unger and Brewer’s rights from Toronto in exchange for Floyd Smith, Norm Ullman, and Paul Henderson. Another important aspect of the season was that Gordie Howe had finally learned how badly treated he was financially by Wings management. Howe was always under the impression that he was the highest paid player on the team. Howe discovered that Bobby Baun was making over $100,000 per season while Howe was paid only $45,000 per season. After this information, Howe confronted management and demanded that he received the appropriate compensation.
Offseason.
Former Red Wings' defenceman Doug Barkley was appointed as the head coach of the Fort Worth Wings of the Central Hockey League, which continued to be operated as Detroit's top farm team during the 1969–70 season.
Regular season.
Two games into the season, Bill Gadsby was released from his coaching duties. 
On February 21, 1970, Brewer had one of his best games of the season. In a contest against his former club, the Toronto Maple Leafs, Brewer had 2 assists in the game and was named the third star of the game.
Player stats.
Playoffs.
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = Plus-minus PIM = Penalty minutes; PPG = Power-play goals; SHG = Short-handed goals; GWG = Game-winning goals;
<br>      MIN = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals against; GAA = Goals-against average; SO = Shutouts; 
Playoffs.
The Red Wings have made it into the playoffs for the first time since 1966. They lost the Quarter-finals by getting swept by Chicago in 4 games in a best of seven series, or 0-4.

</doc>
<doc id="18321321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321321" title="Evergreen Cemetery (Tannersville, New York)">
Evergreen Cemetery (Tannersville, New York)

Evergreen Cemetery is a cemetery located in Tannersville, New York, USA. The professional baseball player, Slow Joe Doyle, is buried here.

</doc>
<doc id="18321338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321338" title="Icán River">
Icán River

The Río ícán is a river in Southwest Guatemala. Its sources are located in the Sierra Madre range, on the slopes of the Santo Tomás volcano in the department of Suchitepéquez. It flows southwards through the coastal lowlands of Suchitepequez to the Pacific Ocean.
The river runs more or less parallel to its main tributary, the Sís River. The Sís - Icán river basin covers a territory of 919 km2.

</doc>
<doc id="18321344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321344" title="John Jantsch">
John Jantsch

John Jantsch is an author, speaker, and marketing consultant who specializes in assisting small businesses. He is the author of "Duct Tape Marketing", "The Referral Engine", and "".
Early career.
Jantsch grew up in Kansas City and attended the University of Kansas. In 2002, Jantsch created the Duct Tape Marketing System, which trains and licenses small business consultants. Two years later he added the Duct Tape Marketing Consultant Network.
Duct Tape Marketing offers marketing workshops and consulting to small businesses looking to expand. Jantsch suggests treating small business marketing systematically and not creating individual "marketing events." One way to do this, Jantsch says, is to maintain a strong and consistent internet presence through blogs, social media, and forums tailored to small business interests.
Author.
"Duct Tape Marketing".
In 2007, Jantsch published "Duct Tape Marketing: The World's Most Practical Small Business Marketing Guide", which outlines his systematic approach to marketing. The book is divided into three parts. Part I is titled "The Duct Tape Foundation—The Way to Sticky Marketing" and deals with laying the groundwork for a successful marketing system. Part II is titled "The Duct Tape Lead Generation Machine—Turning Stickiness Into a System That Works for You" and it focuses on implementing the strategies of Part I. Part III is titled "Getting on a Roll!" and it serves as a conclusion meant to ground the preceding two parts.
Michael Gerber said "Duct Tape Marketing" is “just like its namesake – Duct Tape – it’s good, incredibly smart, amazingly practical, and immensely sticky stuff.” "Duct Tape Marketing Revised & Updated" was published in 2011.
"The Referral Engine".
In 2010, Jantsch published "The Referral Engine: Teaching Your Business to Market Itself". The book outlines an approach to marketing that moves away from complicated marketing campaigns and instead focuses on personal interactions with customers through outlets such as social media and friend-to-friend word of mouth. The idea, Jantsch writes, is that a business should always focus on and understand the importance of referrals.
"The Referral Engine" was a "Wall Street Journal" bestseller, a "Small Business Trends" "Editor's Choice Best Business Books 2010," "Library Journal"'s "Best Marketing Book 2010," and was on 800-CEO-READ's "Best Business Book of 2010" shortlist.
"The Commitment Engine".
"The Commitment Engine: Making Work Worth It" is directed at helping business owners establish lasting commitment in their employees, customers, and businesses and examines what makes some businesses worth referring. The book diagnosis the key qualities of successful, "effortless" business approaches.
"The Commitment Engine" has been featured in "Forbes", CNBC, "The New York Enterprise Report", and was reviewed positively by "Trust Agents" author Chris Brogan. Jantsch has given a TEDx talk about the book.
Reception.
Jantsch's Duct Tape Marketing blog was chosen as a "Forbes" favorite for marketing and small business and his Duct Tape Marketing podcast was called a "must listen" by "Fast Company" magazine. Jantsch has delivered keynote speeches to organizations such as American Express, Microsoft, Verizon, HP, and eBay. He also is the featured marketing contributor to American Express OPENForum.
Jantsch's small business advice has been featured in "New York Times", "Wall St. Journal", and CNNMoney among others. Seth Godin called Jantsch the "Peter Drucker of small business tactics."

</doc>
<doc id="18321406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321406" title="Vic Johnson (musician)">
Vic Johnson (musician)

Vic Johnson is a rock guitarist best known for playing guitar with The Busboys and later with Sammy Hagar and the Waboritas.
Biography.
Vic Johnson grew up with music and was influenced by Jimi Hendrix. He soon began playing guitar and played in several bands throughout high school around the Colorado Springs, Colorado area. Originally from Security, Colorado, he moved to Los Angeles, California in the 1980s to enter the Hollywood club scene, and he soon joined the Bus Boys, a predominantly African-American rock band. The band appeared on the film "48 Hours", performed on "Saturday Night Live", and recorded several albums with Arista Records.
Johnson also took on several side projects during this decade including Sound Barrier, an all-black heavy metal band which was to sign with MCA in the middle of the 1980s. Sound Barrier evolved into Total Eclipse, which recorded for Taboo/A&M Records, and played clubs like the Whisky A Go Go and the FM Station in Hollywood and toured across the country. During the 1990s Vic became a session musician, but in 1997 he auditioned for Sammy Hagar's new band, and soon joined Sammy on the Marching to Mars world tour. Johnson continues to tour with members of Hagar's Waboritas and others.

</doc>
<doc id="18321433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321433" title="Dagmara Wozniak">
Dagmara Wozniak

Dagmara Wozniak (Woźniak) (born July 1, 1988 in Wrocław, Poland) is a Polish-born American sabre fencer. Wozniak was named to the U.S. Olympic team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in women's sabre competition as a substitute and as a competitor at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Wozniak immigrated with her parents to the United States from Poland when she was one year old. Wozniak began fencing at age 9. Wozniak graduated from Colonia High School in Woodbridge Township, New Jersey in 2006 and went on to attend St. John's University.
One of Wozniak's biggest accomplishments are helping the USA team win a bronze medal at the 2011 World Fencing Championships. After being an Olympic alternate in 2008, she became a full member of the team at the 2012 Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18321461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321461" title="Baseball Magazine">
Baseball Magazine

Baseball Magazine is a now-defunct baseball magazine, the first monthly baseball magazine published in the United States. The magazine was founded by Boston sportswriter Jake Morse in 1908 and continued publishing through 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="18321470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321470" title="2005–06 Syracuse Orange men's basketball team">
2005–06 Syracuse Orange men's basketball team

The 2005–06 Syracuse Orange men's basketball team represented Syracuse University. The Head Coach was Jim Boeheim, serving for his 30th year. The team played its home games at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse, New York. The team finished with a 23–12 (7–9) record, while being eliminated in the first round of the NCAA Tournament.
The team was led by Gerry McNamara, the team's lone senior. Also seeing time in the starting lineup were juniors Darryl Watkins, Louie McCroskey, Demetris Nichols and Terrence Roberts, and freshman Eric Devendorf.
Season recap.
Syracuse started off the season losing Josh Pace, Hakim Warrick and Craig Forth to graduation, leaving McNamara as the only consistent returning starter from the 2004–05 team. After starting the season 15–2, Syracuse struggled, losing four in a row to Connecticut, Villanova, Pittsburgh and Seton Hall. The Orange would go 4–5 the rest of the way, including an emotional 92–82 loss to Villanova at the Carrier Dome, despite 29 points from McNamara in his final home game.
After McNamara's home send-off, Syracuse then captured the most unlikely of its Big East Tournament Championships, fueled by the heroics of Gerry McNamara. Prior to the conference tournament two separate publications, "Sports Illustrated" and the "Syracuse Post-Standard" conducted polls of Big East players and assistant coaches. In each poll, McNamara was voted the Big East's "Most Overrated" player.
In the first round he hit a running one-handed three-point shot with less than a second left in the game to spur Syracuse past the University of Cincinnati, 74–73. Following the game Jim Boeheim unleashed a passionate defense of his star player to the attending media.
The next day McNamara hit a three-pointer in the closing seconds of regulation to tie number-one ranked University of Connecticut and eventually led Syracuse to an overtime 86–84 upset. McNamara finished with 17 points and 13 assists, one assist shy of the Big East Tournament record.
Syracuse fell behind Georgetown University in the tournament's semi-finals, Syracuse's third game in three days. McNamara hit five three-pointers in the second half—including one in the last minute of the game—to slash the Hoyas' lead to one. He dished out an assist to freshman guard Eric Devendorf to put Syracuse in the lead following a Georgetown turnover and forced another turnover in the closing seconds to clinch the game, 58–57. 
McNamara had 14 points and 6 assists in Syracuse's 65–61 championship game win over the University of Pittsburgh. Syracuse became the first team to win four games in four days and capture the Big East Tournament Championship. 
However, the thrill of Syracuse's unlikely run to the Big East Championship was dampened by a first round of the 2006 NCAA Tournament. Severely hobbled by his leg injury and exhausted from the run in the Big East tournament, McNamara was only able to score two points in just 23 minutes of play as fifth-seeded Syracuse was upset by 12th-seeded Texas A&M University, 66–58.

</doc>
<doc id="18321471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321471" title="Late Nights and Long Days">
Late Nights and Long Days

Late Nights and Long Days is a 1993-CD album by the noted British Folk musician Wizz Jones and his son, Simeon Jones. The album was recorded at Airwave Studios, London in 1989 (tracks 1, 3, 4, 7, 9, 10 and 11) and Metcalfe Studios, London in 1992 (remaining tracks). The CD was reissued circa 2008 on Jones' private "Wizzydisc" label, with 2 "bonus" tracks, as More Late Nights and Long Days

</doc>
<doc id="18321491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321491" title="Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research">
Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research

Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal. It was established in 1953 as "Clinical Orthopaedics" by the Association of Bone and Joint Surgeons as an alternative to the "Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery", which was the only American orthopaedic journal at the time. The journal obtained its current title in 1963 and its mission is to disseminate knowledge about all aspects of musculoskeletal research, diagnoses, and treatment.
In conjunction with "Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research", the Association of Bone and Joint Surgeons presents three awards annually including the Nicolas Andry Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18321552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321552" title="Chastel">
Chastel

Chastel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18321618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321618" title="Sun Pegasus FC">
Sun Pegasus FC

Sun Pegasus Football Club () is a football team in Tin Shui Wai, Yuen Long District, Hong Kong, formed in 2008. Previously, before 2012, the club was called TSW Pegasus FC. Starting from 2012–13 season, the team is called Sun Pegasus FC. Their manager is Chan Chi Hong.
History.
TSW Pegasus was established on June 2008, and they had their first season in Hong Kong First Division League 2008–09 with a budget of about HKD$10,000,000.
In July 2012, the club renamed the team name Sun Pegasus.
Colours and badge.
TSW Pegasus's home colours are an all yellow strip. Their away colours are a purple strip with yellow socks. The current kits are designed by adidas. The team have a third kit in white with a blue triangle on the top of the shirt which was used as a home kit prior to the use of their yellow home kit.
The current TSW Pegasus badge is a pegasus inside a shield, which is representative of "creating miracles", "vigor", "vitality" and "creativeness" in Greek mythology. Since the team has been renamed, the club made some changes on the badge. The Sun is added inside the shield, placing in the left hand side, while the pegasus is placed in the right hand side.
Club equipment.
TSW Pegasus has acquired a bus for team transportation which is sponsored by Fuso.
The team also rented an entire 48th floor of a block of Central Park Towers in Tin Shui Wai as accommodation for team members. Renovation work is already completed.
Stadium.
TSW Pegasus applied to the Hong Kong Football Association for the use of Yuen Long Stadium and Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground for its home matches. HKFA replied that it will grant the application provided the grass turf at the stadium is up to standard after its examination. Later, the HKFA accepted the application of having the Yuen Long Stadium as TSW Pegasus' home ground for the game against South China on 5 October 2008. The team's directors promised to make a fanfare at the stadium on the day.
HKFA Chairman Leung Hung Tak later claimed that a total of three home games for TSW Pegasus will be played at Yuen Long Stadium in the 2008-09 season.
For the 2013-14 season, TSW Pegasus has moved its home ground from Yuen Long Stadium to Mong Kok Stadium.
Current squad.
First Team Squad.
Remarks:<br>
FP These players are registered as foreign players.<br>
Player with dual nationality:
Supporters.
TSW Pegasus has a fanbase mainly based in Yuen Long and Tin Shui Wai as they are TSW Pegasus's hometown. The club has an official fanclub "Pegasus Base" too. The club's slogan is "Pegasus, our team".
Community contribution.
TSW Pegasus held a big recruitment event at Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground to recruit U-15 and U-19 team players on 3 August 2008. At the same time, the team also recruited a few team assistants in order to provide job opportunity for the local residents. It played a friendly game against South China AA in the afternoon and the teams drew 1:1, TSW Pegasus lost (3:5) on penalties.

</doc>
<doc id="18321628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321628" title="Dick Padden">
Dick Padden

Richard Joseph "Dick" Padden (September 17, 1870 – October 31, 1922), nicknamed "Brains", was an American professional baseball player, born in Wheeling, West Virginia, who played mainly as a second baseman in Major League Baseball for nine seasons from to . 
After playing a season and a half in the minor leagues, the right-handed infielder began his major league career for the Pittsburgh Pirates. He played three seasons in Pittsburgh, from 1896 to , before playing one season for the Washington Senators in . He returned to the minor leagues for the 1900 season, where he was the player-manager for the Chicago White Sox, then a minor league team. When the Chicago club entered the American League, a major league, the following season, he moved on to play one season for the St. Louis Cardinals, before becoming Captain of the St. Louis Browns from and 1905. In total, Padden played in 874 games, and collected 814 hits in 3545 at bats, for a lifetime batting average of .258. He finished in the league's top-ten finishers in being hit by pitches six times, including a league-leading 18 in 1904.
Padden's post-career activities included duties as a talent scout for the St. Louis Browns and the Washington Senators, as well a lengthy career in the flint glass industry in Ohio. After retiring, he attempted to gain the Democratic Party nomination for the 1912 mayoral race in his hometown of Martin's Ferry, Ohio. He died there, in 1922, at the age of 52 of apoplexy.
Career.
Pittsburgh.
Padden began his professional career with the Roanoke Magicians, a minor league club in the Virginia State League in 1895, where he played with and managed the team to a 52–74 win–loss record. During the 1896 season, the Pittsburgh Pirates manager, Connie Mack, was seeking a replacement for Harry Truby, his second baseman, who was not performing well, when Padden caught his attention. Padden was playing for the Toronto Canadiens in the Eastern League, and had a reputation of being a smart and quick player with good instincts, as well as a "careful, timely batsman". Based on his need to upgrade his second base position, and Padden's good reputation, Mack traded Truby for him. He began his major league career shortly thereafter on July 15, one day after Truby's final game in the majors. When Padden did not bat well to start the season, Mack and Pittsburgh's president and part owner, William Kerr, began to feud over the decision, with Kerr questioning Mack over whether they should have traded Truby. However, his hitting improved and he completed the season with a .242 batting average in 61 games played. 
In , with the Pirates, he led all National League second basemen with 134 games played, and 369 putouts. Besides games played, he established career highs in several batting categories that season, including; 517 at bats, 84 runs scored, 146 hits, 10 triples, and tied his career high in home runs with two. He made 128 appearances in , again as their starting second baseman. His statistical output dropped from his previous season; his batting average lowered to .257, and scored 61 runs in 463 at bats.
Washington.
On December 14, 1898, after the season was completed, Padden was traded, along with Jack O'Brien and Jimmy Slagle, to the Washington Senators in exchange for Heinie Reitz. He played the 1899 season in Washington, and appeared in 134 games as their starting shortstop. He had a batting average of .277, established his career high in stolen bases (27), and was ejected from the game by the umpire three times, which led the league.
Chicago.
Following the 1899 season, the Senators franchise ceased operations, which resulted in Padden's sale, along with O'Brien, to the Detroit Tigers of the American League, which was a minor league at the time. However, before the season began, he joined the Chicago White Sox, also a minor league team, as their player-manager instead. On May 16, he was involved in a physical altercation with Ducky Holmes and another Detroit player. While playing a doubleheader on September 16, against Connie Mack and his Milwaukee team, Padden suggested to Mack that the second game be shortened to five innings due to the fact that the first game lasted just over three hours, and they might not finish the second game before darkness. Mack, who estimated that he could get five more good innings from his game one starting pitcher, Rube Waddell, quickly agreed. Padden's suggestion backfired, and turned into a successful strategy for Mack, whose team, with Waddell pitching, won the game. Despite that incident, Padden and his leadership skills led the White Sox to the American League championship that season.
St. Louis.
The White Sox stayed with the American League as they became a major league in , but Padden moved on to play for the St. Louis Cardinals of the National League. He was the team's starting second baseman, and played in a total of 123 games. He had a batting average of .256 that season, and again led the league in ejections, with five; however, he stole 26 bases, he had 62 RBIs, his highest single season total. 
After his lone season with the Cardinals, Padden, along with many of his teammates deserted to the newly created St. Louis Browns franchise, which was scheduled to begin playing in 1902 in the American League. Padden was Captain of the Browns during his time on the team. In both 1902 and , he was the Browns' starting second baseman, and were the only two of his four seasons with the club in which he played in more than 29 games. He led the league in hit by a pitches with 18 in , the only time in which he led the league in this category, although he did finish in the league's top-ten five times previously. On May 19, 1905, after 16 games, Padden was released by the Browns, and his major league career came to an end.
Post-major league career.
Padden was the player-manager for the minor league team St. Paul Saints of the American Association for the 1906 season. He had a batting average of .288 that year, and hit three home runs. He stayed with the Saints for the 1907 season, but as a player only. After 52 games played, his season ended when he sprained his ankle. After his injury, he and his Saints manager, Mr. Ashenbach attempted to buy the Daytona team of the Eastern League, but were unsuccessful. He had hoped that his ankle would heal, so that he could be ready for the next season, but he never appeared as a player after the injury.
Following his retirement as a player, Padden returned to his old team and became a talent scout for the Browns in 1909. He also became a talent scout for the Senators and worked in the flint glass industry in Ohio. Alfred Henry Spink described him as "one of the real foxy fellows of the baseball world. He could field beautifully and was never better than when being hard driven." Padden retired to Martins Ferry, Ohio where in 1912, he tried to secure the Democratic Party nomination for the mayoral race. He died in Martins Ferry of apoplexy on October 31, 1922 at the age of 52, and is interred at St. Marys Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18321646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321646" title="Cliff Spink">
Cliff Spink

Air Marshal Clifford Rodney Spink, CB, CBE, FCMI, FRAeS (born 17 May 1946) is a retired senior Royal Air Force officer, who is now a Spitfire display pilot on the national air display circuit. The first Spitfire he ever flew belonged to the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight, during his tenure as Station Commander of RAF Coningsby. During his time as Senior Air Staff Officer (SASO) of No. 11 Group RAF between March 1993 and April 1995 he simultaneously served as the 23rd Commandant of the Royal Observer Corps, the last but one officer to hold the post.
Air Marshal Spink is Immediate Past Master of the Guild of Air Pilots and Air Navigators (Master 2012-13). He remains the Honorary President of the Royal Observer Corps Association. He is also President of the Historic Aircraft Association.
Royal Air Force career.
Spink started his RAF career at the No. 1 School of Technical Training, RAF Halton, as a member of the 104th Entry of Aircraft Apprentices. He gained a flying commission and was posted to RAF College Cranwell, and initially learned to fly on the Jet Provost. Later training took place on the Gnat and the Hunter, before Spink was posted to his first productive tour on No. 111 Squadron flying the Lightning. Spink was later posted to No. 56 Squadron, later returning to No. 111 Squadron.
Spink served as the Commanding Officer of No. 74 Squadron before being posted to the South Atlantic in 1989 as the Officer Commanding RAF Mount Pleasant on the British Overseas Territory of the Falkland Islands. In 1990 Spink underwent conversion training to the Tornado. In 1991 Spink served as the RAF's Tornado Detachment Commander during the first Gulf War. In 1993 he attended the Royal College of Defence Studies.
Royal Observer Corps.
During his time as the Senior Air Staff Officer at No. 11/18 Group RAF Spink also served as the last but one Commandant of the Royal Observer Corps and was involved in the planning for the final standing down of the remaining ROC elements at RAF Bentley Priory. Spink remains the honorary President of the Royal Observer Corps Association.
Since the RAF.
He currently flies a restored Spitfire XVIe TD248. This is a former ‘gate guardian’ from RAF Sealand which was rebuilt by Historic Flying Ltd. about 15 years ago. It initially appeared in a post war 41 Squadron colour scheme but it has recently been repainted in wartime colours with the personal markings ‘CR-S’.
Since retiring from the RAF he has formed his own Company dealing in a range of Aviation interests. He has a Display Authorisation for both Jet and Piston aircraft and is a Display Authorisation Evaluator for the Civil Aviation Authority. He is a Director of Spitfire Limited which operates a small fleet of vintage aircraft, Director of Humberside Airport, Director and Board Member of Contingency Planning Associates Ltd a London based international security consultancy, and is the joint owner of a small Swiss watch company. He is an occasional guest lecturer to University Courses in aviation safety and has acted as Aviation Expert in legal cases. He is President of the Historic Aircraft Association, Honorary President of the Royal Observer Corps Association and recently became President of the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight Association. He is a Liveryman and Immediate Past Master of the Guild of Air Pilots and Air Navigators of the City of London (Master 2012 - 13.)

</doc>
<doc id="18321654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321654" title="Trongs">
Trongs

A trong (plural: trongs) is a gripping and lifting tool made of three limbs, or finger-channels, each with teeth on the end of them. They are generally made of polypropylene and are dishwasher safe. Trongs are designed for eating finger food such as buffalo wings and bbq ribs so that the user doesn't get their fingers messy. They are used in pairs so that the user has one for each hand. Trongs stand on the table like a tripod and the user is able to lift them by applying a slight inward pressure.
Trongs were invented in 2007 by Eric Zimmermann and Dan Ferrara Jr. of New York. They decided to invent a device for eating messy food while keeping fingers clean, after not being able to answer a cell phone due to sauce covered fingers.
The word "trong" - a portmanteau of "tri" and "tongs" - is a noun that describes the product, not the brand name. Trongs are sold under various brands.

</doc>
<doc id="18321667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321667" title="Celso Roth">
Celso Roth

Celso Juarez Roth, usually known as Celso Roth (born November 30, 1957 in Caxias do Sul), is a Brazilian football (soccer) manager.
Coaching career.
On May 4, 2009 the former Grêmio coach joined Atlético Mineiro until the end of the season, he replaces Émerson Leão. On June 12, 2010 Celso Roth was appointed as the coach of Internacional. About two-month after being appointed, he was rewarded with the 2010 Copa Libertadores title as Internacional beat Guadalajara in a two-leg final. On April 8, 2011 Roth was sacked with a decision from the board meeting. He had been criticized among fans since Internacional’s defeat to TP Mazembe in the Club World Cup semi-final match in December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18321680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321680" title="Battle of the Ogaden">
Battle of the Ogaden

The Battle of the Ogaden was fought in 1936 in the southern front of the Second Italo-Abyssinian War. The battle consisted of attacks by the Italian forces of General Rodolfo Graziani, the Commander-in-Chief of the forces on the "southern front," against Ethiopian defensive positions commanded by "Ras" Nasibu Emmanual. The strong defensive positions were designed by Wehib Pasha and known as the "Hindenburg Wall". The battle was primarily fought to the south of Harar and Jijiga.
Background.
On 3 October 1935, General Rodolfo Graziani advanced into Ethiopia from Italian Somaliland. His initial gains were modest. By November, after additional modest gains and a brief period of Italian inactivity, the initiative on the southern front went over to the Ethiopians. 
Late in the year, "Ras" Desta Damtew started preparations to launch an offensive with his army of approximately 40,000 men. His goal was to advance from Negele Boran, take Dolo near the border, and to then invade Italian Somaliland. This plan was not only ill-conceived and overly ambitious, it was the subject of talk at every market place. What followed was a lop-sided slaughter known as the Battle of Genale Doria. Between 12 January and 20 January 1936, "Ras" Desta's army was completely decimated by the Italian Royal Air Force ("Regia Aeronautica").
On 31 March, the last Ethiopian army on the northern front was destroyed during the Battle of Maychew. In just one day, Marshal of Italy Pietro Badoglio routed an army personally commanded by Emperor Haile Selassie I. Believing that Badoglio would not share the laurels of victory with him, Graziani decided to launch an offensive in the south against "Ras" Nasibu's army.
In April 1936, "Ras" Nasibu had an army of 28,000 men facing Graziani. In addition, he had the garrisons of Jijiga and Harar. Much of "Ras" Nasibu's army was dug in behind defensive positions that ran through Degehabur. The line was a series of entrenched positions known as the "Hindenburg Wall" in deference to the famous German defensive line of World War I, the "Hindenburg Line". The architect of the Ethiopian version was Wehib Pasha, who had been a general in the army of the Ottoman Empire, and was serving as "Ras" Nasibu's Chief-of-Staff for the southern front. According to a Time Magazine of the period, the "Turkish General (retired)" fancied himself as "the Hero of Gallipoli" after his exploits in that campaign. 
Historians disagree concerning Wehib Pasha's abilities. According to A. J. Barker, he had "made brilliant use of the ground and exploited to the fullest the military engineering techniques of the day". Anthony Mockler does not express the same opinion of Wehib Pasha's defenses. He describes them as "half-prepared trenches and gun-sites," manned by two battalions of the Imperial Bodyguard who had fled before the Italians six months before. Still, David Nicole writes: "The only real fortified positions Ethiopia were those built by Ras Nasibu's forces under General Mehmet Wehib's (also known as Wehib Pasha) direction near Sassabaneh, southeast of Harar". 
Graziani deployed an army of 38,000 men, which included 15,600 Italians. The ground forces fielded by Graziani were almost entirely "mechanized" and made use of an air component that was empowered to inflict the maximum losses on the enemy. As was often his practice, Graziani arranged his attacking forces in three columns.
Battle.
On 29 March 1936, in response to numerous insulting messages from Italian dictator Benito Mussolini and from Badoglio chiding him about when he would get started, Graziani sent thirty-three aircraft to Harar to drop twelve tons of bombs. The town had been declared an "open city" since 2 December 1935 and was devoid of military activity. The bombings were stopped only when "catastrophic" reports from Europe started to be received.
On 14 April, Graziani ordered his entire army to advance towards the Ethiopian defensive lines in a three-pronged attack. He had decided to fight a "colonial war" with primarily colonial troops. The 29th "Peloritana" Division and the 6th "Tevere" Blackshirt Division were held in reserve.
The first column, commanded by General Guglielmo Nasi and including the Libyan Division, on the Italian right was to break through the defenses at Janogoto and Dagahamodo threaten the Ethiopian left. The second column, commanded by General Luigi Frusci, was to move forward to the pivotal point of the "Hindenburg Wall." The third column, commanded by General Agostini, was on the Italian left and was to immediately engage the Ethiopian right flank. The first day passed uneventfully. The biggest obstacle to the Italian advance was heavy rain, swollen rivers, and thick mud.
The Libyans of the first column encountered stiff resistance that next day, and made only limited progress in the next two days. To move the advance along, tanks, flamethrowers, and artillery were brought up to within a few yards of the entrances of the caves where the harassing Ethiopians were sheltered. 
By 23 April, all three columns were in place in front of the "Hindenburg Wall." At the first light of dawn on the following day, fighting broke out all along the line. But it was the Ethiopians on the southern front, hoping to relieve the pressure on their fortified line of defense, who attacked the Italians along the whole front. However, against the weight of the Italian firepower, the Ethiopians could make little progress. Even so, the fighting was fierce and surged back and forth. 
It was not until 25 April that the Italians were able to overcome the Ethiopian resistance. When additional pressure was applied, the "Hindenburg Wall" gave way and the remaining Ethiopian defenders began a withdrawal. Degehabur fell on 30 April and Nasibu withdrew to Harar. On 2 May, the Emperor left Addis Ababa to go into exile. On 3 May, about one third of the officers on the southern front followed his example.
Italian success came at the cost of heavy casualties. In roughly ten days of fighting, the Italians suffered over 2,000 casualties. While the Ethiopians themselves had over 5,000 casualties, the disparity was much less than was typical. On the northern front, the usual ratio between Ethiopian and Italian casualties was ten to one.
Aftermath.
While the army of "Ras" Nasibu disintegrated, it was not destroyed. Unlike some of the other Ethiopian armies bombed or sprayed out of existence, Nasibu's army slipped out of the country or melted into the mountains to become the seeds for later resistance. But it may have been the overcast skies more than a change of heart on Graziani's part that saved the withdrawing Ethiopians from the Italian Royal Air Force. "Ras" Nasibu himself went into exile with the Emperor.
Graziani's only resistance on his march to Jijiga and Harar was the never ending rain. His one aim—to reach Harar before Badoglio's March of the Iron Will reached Addis Ababa—was the victim of a sea of mud that slowed all progress to a crawl.
In the end, Graziani finally reached Harar on 8 May.

</doc>
<doc id="18321726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321726" title="CFVP">
CFVP

CFVP is the full-time shortwave rebroadcaster of CKMX in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. CFVP broadcasts at a power of 100 watts on 6030 kHz in the 49m shortwave band.
History.
CFVP began in 1931 as a rebroadcaster to then-CFCN. Its license was renewed for a period between September 1, 2003–August 31, 2010 along with CKMX.

</doc>
<doc id="18321729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321729" title="Pastor (surname)">
Pastor (surname)

Pastor or Pastore family name is descriptive for the profession of a religious (usually Christian) Pastor and the profession of a shepherd pastor. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18321735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321735" title="Radio Evergreen">
Radio Evergreen

Radio Evergreen Taupo (107.3 FM) is a radio station that broadcasts an adult standards format. The station serves Taupo, New Zealand. It first started broadcasting in March 2007. 
Radio Evergreen plays music from the 1940s to the 1970s. It covers most of Taupo on LPFM and is on the air 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Another station is nearby and it may be necessary to tune to 107.25 MHz in some places.
The station operates on a non-profit basis with a staff of volunteers. It is associated with The Unforgettable Music Society Incorporated.

</doc>
<doc id="18321761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321761" title="Sébastien Enjolras">
Sébastien Enjolras

Sébastien Enjolras (4 April 1976 – 3 May 1997) was a French racing driver. Considered to be one of the most promising French drivers of his generation, he was killed in a practice crash for the 1997 24 Hours of Le Mans race.
Career.
Enjolras was born in Seclin. He was the son of Michel Enjolras, a preparer of rally cars, and the brother of Pascal, a rally driver. He began racing karts in 1989. In 1994, he moved up to formula racing, finishing third in the Formula Renault Campus championship. He moved to the senior domestic championship in 1995, finishing seventh in the championship. He stayed on for another year and won the title in 1996 for the La Filière team, ahead of future Formula One drivers Sébastien Bourdais and Franck Montagny. This performance was partially overshadowed when he failed a dope test at the end of the year, testing positive for cannabis. Although banned for six months, he was not stripped of his championship and returned to racing when it expired. For 1997, he moved up to the French Formula Three Championship with La Filière, and finished a posthumous thirteenth in the final standings.
Enjolras also tried sports car racing in 1996, when he drove one of the Welter Racing team's cars in the LMP2 class of the Le Mans 24 Hours alongside compatriots William David and Arnaud Trévisiol, the Peugeot-powered entry failing to finish. He returned with the team for 1997.
Death.
On a pre-qualifying run for the Le Mans 24 Hours a month before the race, the rear bodywork detached from Enjolras' car, causing it to become airborne and fly over the safety barriers after the "Arnage" corner. The car overturned and exploded at high speed, killing Enjolras instantly. Welter withdrew Enjolras' and its other entries, and single-piece bodywork was subsequently banned. He was the first driver fatality at the event since Jo Gartner in , and remained the most recent driver to die until Allan Simonsen's fatal crash in .
The scene of Enjolras' crash is currently denoted by a memorial stone behind the Armco barriers.

</doc>
<doc id="18321774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321774" title="Nahualate River">
Nahualate River

The Río Nahualate is a river in southwest Guatemala. Its sources are located in the Sierra Madre range, in the vicinity of Santa Catarina Ixtahuacán and Nahualá (Sololá). From there it flows southwards through the coastal lowlands of Suchitepéquez and Escuintla to the Pacific Ocean.
The Nahualate river basin covers a territory of 1,941 km2.

</doc>
<doc id="18321789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321789" title="Marden–Walker syndrome">
Marden–Walker syndrome

Marden–Walker syndrome (MWS) is a rare autosomal recessive congenital disorder. It is characterized by blepharophimosis, microcephaly, micrognathia, multiple joint contractures, arachnodactyly, camptodactyly, kyphoscoliosis, and delayed motor development and is often associated with cystic dysplastic kidneys, dextrocardia, Dandy-Walker malformation, and agenesis of corpus callosum".
Natural History.
The natural history of MWS is not well known: many patients died in infancy and clinical follow-up has been reported in few surviving adults. However, diagnosis may be more difficult to establish in adults patients, such as: blepharophimosis, contractures, growth retardation, and development delay persist, whereas minor face anomalies are less noticeable as the patient grows older. Throughout the development of the patient from young child to older adult changes the behavior drastically, from kindness to restless and hyperactive to aggressive.
Case Study.
A four year old girl with MWS was admitted to the hospital because of sudden respiratory issues, abdominal distension, and an abnormally high temperature. The physical examination giving to the litte girl revealed a 5 kilogram girl; in a very bad condition, she is only responding to pain, distal cyanosis, and spactic contractures. Due to her bad pulmonary condition, she was promptly resuscitated. Many of her test came back to be perfectly normal, such as; blood count, serum electrolytes and urinary analysis. The x-ray of her chest showed an opacity of the right upper lobe. Which at first showed a dilated bowel in the whole abdomen. The second abdominal film which was 12 hours later showed a large air-filled loop of the colon in the right quadrant. After many disscusions and looks at the x-rays the doctor came up with two dieases it could have been, Hirschsprung or volvulus. After 24 hours the abdominal distension increased. It had bluish zones visible around the umbilicus. A mark of tenderness of the upper right abdomen was noted. After three days doctors took abdominal radiographs which showed a few dilated loops of small intestine and a large distended loop of the great bowel in the right abdomen.The doctor then did a water-soluble contrast enema, which permitted pacification of the dilated pelvic bowel. A right colectomy was performed with ileo-transverse end-to-end anastomosis. The patient’s recovery was uneventful and she was discharged two weeks afterwards.
Frequency.
There have been 30 cases of Marden-Walker Syndrome reported since 1966. The first case of this was in 1966 a female infant was diagnosed with blepharpohimosis, joint contractures, arachnodactyly and growth development delay. She ended up passing at 3 months due to pneumonia.
Clinical Description.
Most of the signs of MWS are present during the neonatal period. The most common sings at this state is multiple congenital joint contractures, dysmorphic features with mask-like face, blepharophimosis, ptosis, micrognathia, cleft or high arched palate, low-set ears, arachnodactyly, chest deformation as pectus, kyphoscoliosis and absent deep tendon reflexes are frequent minor malformations have also been described and consist of renal anomalies, cardiovascular abnormalities, hypospadias, omphalomesenteric duct, hypertriphic pyloric stenosis, duodenal bands, hyoplastic right lower lobe of the lung, displacement of the larynx to the right and vertebral abnormalities, cerebral malformations.
Etiology.
MWS is a heterogeneous, initially described as a syndrome. But this condition is more on the lines of a phenotypic expression of various heterogeneous diseases and belongs to the second group in the classification of arthrogryposis. Unknown congenital myopathy has been suspected to underlie MWS due to muscular involvement, but extension of the neuromuscular systems failed to identify a primary myopathy in patients with MWS. Secondary muscle involvement from a CNS lesion may occur. This could lead to congenital weakness with hypoatonia deep tendon reflex.
Pathophysiology.
Though the pathomechanism of Marden–Walker syndrome is unknown, it may be caused by a genetic defect which manifests as a dysfunctional molecular mechanism in the primary cilia structures of the cell. These organelles are present in many cellular types throughout the human body. The cilia defects adversely affect "numerous critical developmental signaling pathways" essential to cellular development.
Genetics.
MWS is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. This means the defective gene responsible for the disorder is located on an autosome, and two copies of the defective gene (one inherited from each parent) are required in order to be born with the disorder. The parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive disorder both carry one copy of the defective gene, but usually do not experience any signs or symptoms of the disorder.
Management.
The only treatment for MWS is only symptomatic, with multidisciplinary management

</doc>
<doc id="18321823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321823" title="Ladette to Lady">
Ladette to Lady

Ladette to Lady is a reality based series that first aired in the United Kingdom on ITV in June 2005. The series was produced by UK-based RDF Media. 
The second series of "Ladette to Lady" was aired in the United Kingdom in October 2006 on ITV. The show had viewing figures of 4.45 million to 5.41 million, winning its timeslot each week. A third series followed in 2008, although it was originally planned to air in 2007.
"Ladette to Lady" was cancelled by ITV on 11 April 2008, but returned in June 2009, featuring Australian, rather than British, ladettes. The series featured the original staff and school.
"Ladette to Lady" returned for a new series (Series 5) that started at 10.35pm on 20 July 2010 that will bring another 6 episodes to ITV. The series saw the return of the familiar staff. However, instead of Eggleston Hall, where all the other series have been featured, this series is based in Hereford Hall.
The series has been parodied on "The Charlotte Church Show" as "Lady to Ladette", in which, conversely, prim and proper girls are taught by Charlotte and some of her raucous friends to behave in a more ladette-like manner.
Premise.
The series follows a group of ladettes, who are given an old-fashioned five-week course in learning how to behave like a traditional "lady". They are sent to Eggleston Hall, a finishing school for women situated in Teesdale, England. Eggleston Hall was specially re-opened for the show. In the first series, there were ten ladettes, while the second series featured eight ladettes.
Whilst in Eggleston Hall they are required to wear a special uniform: a tweed suit including a turquoise jacket, white blouse, and turquoise skirt, high-heeled shoes and a pearl necklace. This uniform has varied. They are taught under the supervision and guidance of five instructors and are given various tasks in deportment, elocution, needlework, flower arranging, etiquette and cookery. However if they can't live up to the standards of ladylike behaviour, they will be expelled. A ladette is expelled every episode, so, by the end of the programme there will only be three ladettes left. Then the teachers must decide upon one winner, depending on who they think has improved the most and how the ladettes performed in the final challenge. However, all three finalists receive an Eggleston Hall diploma.
Teachers.
The teachers at Eggleston Hall run a very strict routine and are extremely well experienced in their particular subjects. The teachers who taught the ladettes at Eggleston Hall were:
Series One (2005).
Final challenge.
In 2005 for the ladettes' final challenge they had to hold a fashion show. At the fashion show were their family, friends, eligible bachelors, the failed contestants and essentially all of the teachers from Eggleston Hall. The girls were marked on posture, grooming, elocution, floristry and cookery. The girl who was judged as the most improved would win a sports car with a value of £20,000, however, the fact that the winner would receive a car was unknown to the finalists. The eventual winner of "Ladette to Lady" 2005 and the sports car was Hayley Brisland.
Series Two (2006).
Final challenge.
The ladettes' final challenge in the 2006 series was to pass themselves off as real ladies at a debutante ball. The Debutantes' Ball was attended by a number of eligible bachelors, Lords, Ladies, select aristocrats and all of the teachers from Eggleston Hall. They were marked on their posture, grooming, elocution, confidence and their capability to hold a conversation. The overall winner of "Ladette to Lady" 2006 was Victoria Jenkins, who impressed the teachers with her charm and final transformation. A close runner-up was Clara Mayer who has since decided to become a chalet girl.
"End of Term Report".
Several months after series two of "Ladette to Lady", all of the ladettes from both series one and series two were invited back to Eggleston Hall, along with teachers Gill Harbord, Rosemary Shrager and Liz Brewer, in order to see how the ladettes had changed and how they had progressed in their lives.
During the "End of Term Report" we saw Clare Randall, who, during series one was a regular and heavy drinker. In the more recent gathering she revealed that she'd had a baby, that she has totally re-formed her life and quit drinking alcohol altogether. There was also Michelle King from series one, who as a result of the teachings of Eggleston Hall, has become more feminine and has been able to progress further in her life with more confidence. However, there were those who had not improved. To the surprise of the teachers, winner of series two, Victoria Jenkins, still had her old job and had not progressed with her studies.
Series Three (2008).
Final challenge.
The ladettes' final challenge in the 2008 series was to be presented as debutantes to their parents, to make a speech and to dance the waltz. They were required to answers questions from Lords, Ladies, and select aristocrats. The overall winner of "Ladette to Lady" 2007 was Nicole Elouise Hart, who re-acquired her love of horses in the show and later participated in a horse-riding competition, courtesy of winning a task on the show. Also notable was the re-introduction of Series Two contestant Louise Porter.
Nicole Hart also went out to Cairns Australia to Promo the Aussie Series and was used in the introduction shots.
Series Four (2009) (aka "Aussie Ladette to Lady").
Controversy.
Series Four brought with it controversy in several members of the support cast quitting filming or being fired. Reports in the Daily Telegraph's Mandrake gossip column stated that Charles Lush, a self-styled baron, who appeared as the school governor, was asked by RDF, the production company, to quit filming after they found his name on list of British National Party members during filming for the series.
William Hanson, etiquette expert, also quit filming after only one day's filming, stating that the programme was 'detrimental to promoting good manners and etiquette' and that the so-called bachelors were just as bad as the girls with a few of them already married.
Series Five (2010) (aka Aussie Ladette to Lady).
Series Five opened on 20 July 2010 on ITV (except STV, where it opened on 17 August 2010). Like Series Four, this series again features ladettes from Australia. The setting was moved from Eggleston Hall in the North East of England to "Hereford Hall" near Wales. Hereford Hall was a country house hired specifically for the show and not a functioning school, although that is how it was presented in the show.
International broadcast.
The series has also been broadcast in the United States on the Sundance Channel, in Australia on both The LifeStyle Channel and the Nine Network (Series 2 and 3, after Series 3 finished showing on the Nine Network they aired one episode of "Bad Lads Army" the following week before cancelling it and showing Season 1 of "Ladette to Lady") as well as the ABC (Series 1), New Zealand on Prime, Sweden on Kanal 5, Poland on TVN Style, Denmark on TV2 Zulu, Israel on Channel 8, the Netherlands on RTL5, Canada on Cosmopolitan TV, Estonia on Kanal 11 and Kanal 2, Belgium on Vitaya and Norway on NRK1 and NRK3.
In July 2008, the Nine Network in Australia began to advertise for contestants from Australia to take part in an upcoming series of Ladette to Lady, titled "Aussie Ladette to Lady". The series, which is also filmed at Eggleston Hall, made its debut on Australian television on 16 February 2009.
The second season of "Aussie Ladette to Lady" premiered on 2 July 2010, with filming occurring at Hereford Hall this time.

</doc>
<doc id="18321831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321831" title="1939 in Poland">
1939 in Poland

Political incumbents.
On September 30, 1939, the last government of the Second Polish Republic which resided in Warsaw was dissolved. The government was originally designed on May 15, 1936, by president of Poland Ignacy Mościcki under prime minister Felicjan Sławoj Składkowski.

</doc>
<doc id="18321853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321853" title="The Delves">
The Delves

The Delves is a neighbourhood located in the south side of Walsall between Palfrey and Yew Tree estate in Walsall located on the outskirts of Walsall just before Sandwell.
Employment.
The RAC head office, along with a retail park, and several businesses are located in the Delves. A new barber shop has recently opened on the site of a former video rental shop. This has created 4 new jobs providing jobs for unemployed locals.
Places of interest.
The Banks's Stadium is in this neighbourhood, which not only hosts Walsall's football matches, but also has a popular Sunday market.
Schools.
The area has two primary schools, Whitehall Junior School (uniform green) and Delves Junior School (uniform blue). Both schools are separated by the Broadway.
There is also one secondary school; Joseph Leckie Community Technology College.
Delves has the West Entrance of the University of Wolverhampton's Walsall Campus. It is located directly adjacent to Whitehall Junior School.
Sport.
The Delves, as well as hosting Walsall Football Club's matches, is home to Walsall Rugby Football Club, which is based on Delves Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18321862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321862" title="Ficus pleurocarpa">
Ficus pleurocarpa

Ficus pleurocarpa, commonly known as the banana fig, karpe fig or gabi fig, is a fig that is endemic to the wet tropical rainforests of northeastern Queensland, Australia. It has characteristic ribbed orange and red cylindrical syconia. It begins life as a hemiepiphyte, later becoming a tree up to 25 m (82 ft) tall. "F. pleurocarpa" is one of the few figs known to be pollinated by more than one species of fig wasp.
Taxonomy.
"Ficus pleurocarpa" was described by German-Australian botanist Ferdinand von Mueller in 1874 in "Fragmenta Phytographiae Australiae". Its specific epithet is derived from Ancient Greek "pleuro", ribbed, and "carpus", fruit, or flesh of the fruit, hence "ribbed fruit". This is derived from the 5–10 ribs that run along the length of the fruit.
With over 750 species, "Ficus" is one of the largest angiosperm genera. On the basis of morphology, English botanist E. J. H. Corner divided the genus into four subgenera which were later expanded to six. In this classification, "F. pleurocarpa" was placed in subseries "Hesperidiiformes", series "Malvanthereae", section "Malvanthera" of the subgenus "Urostigma". In his reclassification of the Australian "Malvanthera", Dixon altered the delimitations of the series within the section, but left this species in series Hesperidiiformes.
In 2005, Cornelis Berg completed Corner's treatment of the Moraceae for the "Flora Malesiana"; the completion of that work had been delayed since 1972 as a result of disagreements between Corner and C. J. J. G. van Steenis, editor of the "Flora Malesiana". Berg combined sections "Stilpnophyllum" and "Malvanthera" into an expanded section "Stilpnophyllum". This left "F. pleurocarpa" in subsection "Malvanthera", section "Stilpnophyllum".
Based on DNA sequences from the nuclear ribosomal internal and external transcribed spacers, Nina Rønsted and colleagues rejected previous subdivisions of the "Malvanthera". Instead, they divided section "Malvanthera" into three subsections—"Malvantherae", "Platypodeae" and "Hesperidiiformes". In this system, "F. pleurocarpa"is in the new subsection "Malvantherae".
Description.
"Ficus pleurocarpa" is a monoecious tree which grows up to 25 m (82 ft) tall. Its leaves are 150–257 mm long (6–10 in) long and 49–100 mm (2–4 in) wide. Its syconia are orange or red in colour, 39–61 mm (1.5–2.4 in) long and 19–27 mm (0.7–1 in) in diameter. It begins life as a hemiepiphyte.
Reproduction.
Figs have an obligate mutualism with fig wasps, (Agaonidae); figs are pollinated only by fig wasps, and fig wasps can reproduce only in fig flowers. Generally, each fig species depends on a single species of wasp for pollination. The wasps are similarly dependent on their fig species to reproduce. "F. pleurocarpa" is pollinated by two species of fig wasp—"Pleistodontes regalis" and "P. deuterus". This is one of the few cases where more than one species of fig wasp has been raised from the same syconium. The assumption that fig species are usually pollinated by just one species of fig wasp has been challenged by the discovery of cryptic species complexes among what was thought previously to be single species of fig wasps.
Distribution.
"Ficus pleurocarpa" is an Australian endemic. It is found in north-east Queensland, from Cape Tribulation south to the Atherton Tableland. It grows in lowland and upland wet tropical rainforests from sea level up to 1,000 m (3,300 ft) above sea level.
Ecology.
Figs are sometimes considered to be potential keystone species in communities of fruit-eating animals; their asynchronous fruiting patterns may cause them to be important fruit sources when other food sources are scarce. "Ficus pleurocarpa" was the most largest contributor of fruit biomass in the forest canopy during periods of fruit scarcity, and was ranked as the species that made the second most important contribution to the frugivore community, although the authors of the study were unwilling to call it a keystone species. However, during a season of fruit scarcity, "F. pleurocarpa" sustained the Musky Rat-kangaroo population at one particular research site
The fruit of "F. pleurocarpa" fruit are relatively small and become soft when ripe. This makes them accessible to the entire fruit-eating community. However, most "F. pleurocarpa" figs are available in the canopy—only a small proportion of the fruit crop falls to the forest floor.
Spectacled Flying-foxes consume "F. pleurocarpa" fruit and act as seed dispersers.
In a study of fungal succession, 104 species were observed over the course of a three-month incubation of "F. pleurocarpa" leaves. Using different methods, 53 fruiting species and 100 sterile morphospecies were isolated. "Cylindrocladium australiense", a new species of fungus in the family Nectriaceae described in 2006, was isolated from "F. pleurocarpa" leaves.
Uses.
The figs are edible fresh or dried and are described as "tasty at the fully ripe red stage".

</doc>
<doc id="18321866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321866" title="BBC Bridge Companion">
BBC Bridge Companion

The BBC Bridge Companion is an 8-bit video game console for teaching bridge. It was launched by BBC Enterprises Ltd in the United Kingdom in 1985. The system retailed for £199.99.

</doc>
<doc id="18321874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321874" title="2008 WNBA Playoffs">
2008 WNBA Playoffs

The 2008 WNBA Playoffs was the postseason for the Women's National Basketball Association's 2008 season which ended with the Eastern Conference champion Detroit Shock defeating the Western Conference champion San Antonio Silver Stars 3-0.
Playoff qualifying.
Eastern Conference.
The following teams clinched a playoff berth in the East:
Western Conference.
The following teams clinched a playoff berth in the West:
Bracket.
This was the outlook for the 2008 WNBA playoffs. Teams in "italics" had home court advantage. Teams in bold advanced to the next round. Numbers to the left of each team indicate the team's original playoffs seeding in their respective conferences. Numbers to the right of each team indicate the number of games the team won in that round.

</doc>
<doc id="18321904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321904" title="Cinema Batalha (Porto)">
Cinema Batalha (Porto)

The Cinema Batalha is a cinema and concert venue in Porto, Portugal. Originally the High Life Cinema, it was transformed in the current structure by architect Artur Andrade and inaugurated on 3 June 1947. After many years of great success, the building and the cinema started losing customers due to the growing popularity video rental services (in the 1980s) and the mushrooming of malls with multiplex theaters (in the 1990s). 
Today the building has been re-opened as a cultural and concert venue. The reconstruction work has been impressive and maintained all the original Art-Deco style. Together with the Coliseu do Porto, another concert venue, the Cinema Batalha is one of the more impressive examples of Art-Deco in Porto and Portugal. Its character cannot be better summarized than in the words of Sarah Waite that uploaded the photo that granted the Batalha the entry in the 1,000,000 places on Earth website:
Technical details and support facilities.
The Cinema Batalha has the following features:
1st and 2nd stalls, the dress circle, the boxes, upper circle and the reserved and general gallery 

</doc>
<doc id="18321926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321926" title="Eugene W. Britt House">
Eugene W. Britt House

Eugene W. Britt House is a three-story, red-brick Georgian Revival-Colonial Revival mansion built in 1910 in the West Adams district of Los Angeles, California. In 1984, it was converted into a sports museum housing the collection of the Helms Athletic Foundation. Since 1986, it has been the headquarters of the LA84 Foundation and the site of the LA84 Foundation Sports Library — the world's premier sports library.
Early years.
The house was designed by architect Alfred Faist Rosenheim and built in 1910 for attorney Eugene W. Britt. 
Historic designations.
In the late 1970s, the owner obtained a demolition permit for the house, but the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission stepped in, designating the house and gardens as a Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #197) on August 23, 1978. The house was also listed on the National Register of Historic Places in May 1979. However, in September 1980, the owner of the house petitioned the Los Angeles City Council to remove its designation as a historic monument, arguing that a purchaser could not be found willing to buy subject to the historic restrictions. The City Council voted 12-1 to remove the historic monument designation.
Sports museum.
The house was saved in the early 1980s through the efforts of Peter Ueberroth, president of the Los Angeles Olympic Organizing Committee, and his wife, Ginny Ueberroth. Fifty years earlier, Los Angeles businessman, Paul Helms, had begun building a large collection of rare sports memorabilia (part of the Helms Athletic Foundation) that was displayed over the years at a downtown Los Angeles office building and later at the Helms Bakery in Culver City. In 1970, when Helms Bakery went out of business, United Savings & Loan took over sponsorship of the collection, but the bank's successor dropped its sponsorship in 1981. At that time, the collection was moved to a warehouse and plans were made to break up the collection. Peter and Ginny Ueberroth stepped in to keep the collection intact, funding the foundation out of their own pockets until First Interstate Bank agreed in 1982 to act as the sponsor. 
Ueberroth and First Interstate acquired the Britt House as a home for the collection. The house had deteriorated and was renovated at a cost of $2 million. In 1984, the Britt House opened to the public as a sports museum in time for the 1984 Summer Olympic Games which opened at the nearby Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. The collection displayed at the Britt House had 50,000 items, including a bat used by Ty Cobb, boxing gloves used by Jack Dempsey, baseball uniforms of Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig, bronzed track shoes used by Jesse Owens, size 24 shoes worn by boxer Primo Carnera, and the World Trophy—a trophy granted to the world's most outstanding amateur athlete starting in 1896. Fitting with the city's hosting of the Olympic games, the collection also included gold, silver and bronze medals dating back to 1896, a collection of Olympic relay torches, and the wreath placed on the head of Ralph Craig (gold medalist in the 100 and 200 metres) at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
LA84 Foundation.
Britt House now serves as the headquarters of the LA84 Foundation. First Interstate and Ueberroth donated the Helms collection and the Britt House and grounds to the LA84 Foundation in the summer of 1985. The LA84 Foundation is a private nonprofit institution endowed with surplus funds from the 1984 Los Angeles Olympic Games. Its mission is to serve youth through sport and to increase knowledge of sport and its impact on people’s lives.
The Paul Ziffren Sports Resource Center was built on the Britt House grounds and dedicated in 1988. The Ziffren Center houses the LA84 Foundation Sports Library—the largest sports research library in North America and considered "the premier sports library in the world." It is a state-of-the-art research facility dedicated to the advancement of sports knowledge and scholarship. It includes approximately 40,000 printed volumes, 6,000 microform volumes, 7,000 videos, 400 periodical titles, and 90,000 photo images. Highlights of the collection include the official report of every modern Olympic Games, dozens of Olympian oral histories, the Avery Brundage Collection on microfilm, complete video sets of television coverage of the Olympic Games since 1988, minutes of early International Olympic Committee meetings, and bid documents of cities seeking to host the Olympic Games. 
The Foundation also maintains a sizable collection of historic sport art and artifacts much of which was inherited from the former Helms Foundation. Among the items still on display at Britt House is the World Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="18321933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321933" title="Third heart sound">
Third heart sound

The third heart sound or S3 is a rare extra heart sound that occurs soon after the normal two "lub-dub" heart sounds (S1 and S2). The S3 is associated with heart failure.
Physiology.
It occurs at the beginning of diastole, approximately 0.12 to 0.18 seconds after S2. This produces a rhythm classically compared to the cadence of the word "Kentucky" with the final syllable (""-ky"") representing S3. One may also use the phrase "SLOSH’-ing-in" to help with the cadence (SLOSH S1, -ing S2, -in S3), as well as the pathology of the S3 sound., or any other number of local variants.
S3 may be normal in people under 40 years of age and some trained athletes but should disappear before middle age. Re-emergence of this sound late in life is abnormal and may indicate serious problems like heart failure. The sound of S3 is lower in pitch than the normal sounds, usually faint, and best heard with the bell of the stethoscope. 
It has also been termed a ventricular gallop or a protodiastolic gallop because of its place in early diastole. It is a type of gallop rhythm by virtue of having an extra sound; the other gallop rhythm is called S4. The two are quite different, but they may sometimes occur together forming a quadruple gallop. If the heart rate is also very fast (tachycardia), it can become difficult to distinguish between S3 and S4 thus producing a single sound called a summation gallop. S3 is a dull, low-pitched sound best heard with the bell placed over the cardiac apex with the patient lying in the left lateral decubitus position. This heart sound when present in a child or young adult implies the presence of a supple ventricle that can undergo rapid filling. Conversely, when heard in a middle-aged or older adult, an S3 is often a sign of disease, indicating increased ventricular filling due to congestive heart failure or severe mitral or tricuspid regurgitation.
Causes.
S3 is thought to be caused by the oscillation of blood back and forth between the walls of the ventricles initiated by the inflow of blood from the atria. The reason the third heart sound does not occur until the middle third of diastole is probably because during the early part of diastole, the ventricles are not filled sufficiently to create enough tension for reverberation. It may also be a result of tensing of the chordae tendineae during rapid filling and expansion of the ventricle.
Associations.
It is associated with heart failure, caused by conditions which have:
Poor left ventricular function.
S3 can also be due to tricuspid regurgitation, and could indicate hypertensive heart disease.
In conditions affecting the pericardium or diseases that primarily affect the heart muscle (restrictive cardiomyopathies) a similar sound can be heard, but is usually more high-pitched and is called a 'pericardial knock'.
The S3 can also be confused with a widely split S2, or a mitral opening snap, but these sounds are typically of much higher pitch and occur closer to the onset of S2.
Treatment.
The condition itself does not need to be treated, but rather the underlying cause requires correction. Depending on the aetiology the gallop rhythm may resolve spontaneously.

</doc>
<doc id="18321939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321939" title="Operation Berlin (Arnhem)">
Operation Berlin (Arnhem)

Operation Berlin (25–26 September 1944) was a night-time evacuation of the remnants of the beleagered 1st. British Airborne Division, trapped in German occupied territory north of the Lower Rhine in the Netherlands. The aim of the operation was to safely withdraw the remnants of the division, surrounded on three sides by superior German forces and in danger of being encircled and destroyed. The operation successfully evacuated approximately 2,400 men and effectively ended Operation Market Garden, the Allies' plan to cross the Rhine and end the Second World War by the end of the year. The surviving Glider Pilots were ordered to lay a white tape through the woods, leading from the Perimeter, the grounds of the Hartenstein Hotel, to Driel, where the Canadian Royal Engineers were waiting with small boats to ferry them to safety across the Rhine.
Background.
The Battle of Arnhem.
In September 1944 the Allies launched Operation Market Garden, an attempt by the British 2nd Army to bypass the Siegfried Line and advance into the Ruhr, Germany’s industrial heartland. The operation required the 1st. British Airborne Division the American 82nd and 101st Airborne Divisions to seize several bridges over rivers and canals in the Netherlands, the main target being the bridge at Arnhem. This would allow General Brian Horrocks XXX Corps to advance approximately 30 miles up an 'airborne corridor' to relieve the 10,095 men flown into Arnhem, charged to capture and hold the bridge over the lower Rhine and so enable the Allied forces to advance into the Rhur valley. They were told they would be relieved in just two days. Of the men taken to Arnhem, approximately 40% were members of the Parachute Regiment,later supported by members of the Polish Parachute Brigade. The remainder of the division comprised a number of Regiments. These were flown in and landed in gliders, piloted by just over 1200 members of the Glider Pilot Regiment, almost its total strength. The landings and Parachute drops extended over three days beginning on the 17th. September 1944. However they encountered far more resistance than had been expected, including the II SS Panzer Corps. Only a small force under Lt Colonel John Dutton Frost were able to reach the bridge, (now named 'The John Frost Bridge') and capture and hold one end of it, but, heavily outnumbered and outgunned, were overwhelmed after four days. The rest of the division established a strong defensive position in the grounds of the Hartenstein Hotel in Oosterbeek (now the Airborne Museum) this was called 'The Perimeter,' Oosterbeek was a suburb of Arnhem, in the hope that when XXX Corps did arrived they would be able to cross the river and establish a bridgehead there. The 1st Polish Independent Parachute Brigade landed south of the river on 21 September, but did not have the equipment to cross the it to assist the British. Meanwhile, XXX Corps' advance had been severely delayed and lead elements did not make contact with the Poles at Driel until 22 September.
Efforts to relieve the 1st Division.
Major General Roy Urquhart, commander of the 1st Division, originally requested the 1st Polish Brigade to cross the river and take up their positions on the night of 21 September. However neither unit had any boats and so the Poles withdrew into Driel for the night, setting up a hedgehog defence . Lead elements of XXX Corps reached Driel the following day, but at the same time the Germans formed a blocking line to the west to prevent an Allied advance on the road bridge.
During the day the 1st Division sourced six rubber boats and again assisted the Poles attempt to cross. That night (the 22nd) the plan was put into operation, but the tow rope designed to pull the boats across snapped, and the oars were too small to row against the river's strong current. 55 men crossed but only 35 were able to reach the British positions.
On the 23rd the 43rd Wessex Division arrived at Driel in strength and offered assault boats for the Poles. Unfortunately these arrived late and the Poles, unfamiliar with the craft, were only able to put 153 men across the river - less than a quarter of the hoped for reinforcement.
On the 24th, Horrocks himself visited the Polish positions to asses the situation. That afternoon a conference was held at Valburg to discuss how best to relieve what was left of the 1st Airborne. Major General Gwilym Ivor Thomas of the 43rd (Wessex) Division outlined a plan to put across a battalion of his division and one of the Polish battalions - to the fury of their commander Major General Stanisław Sosabowski. Despite this it seems that Horrocks realised the futility of the Division's position and preliminary plans were drawn up for its withdrawal.
That night's attempt to cross the river was disastrous. Insufficient boats arrived for both battalions and so only the 4th Battalion The Dorsetshire Regiment made the attempt. Unfortunately their crossing led into prepared German positions and of the 315 men who crossed before daylight, over 200 were captured. Two men who did reach the Airborne forces carried copies of the withdrawal plan for Urquhart's consideration.
The Plan.
At a conference between Miles Dempsey, Frederick Browning, and Brian Horrocks, it was decided that the British needed to be immediately evacuated from Arnhem.
Urquhart's plan called for small groups of men to thin out and man the Oosterbeek perimeter. Then, under cover of night, the main bulk of the force would follow the white tape, laid by the Glider Pilots, through the woods to the river and slip across. The remaining defenders would slowly withdraw and soon they too would make it across the Rhine. To trick the Germans into thinking that the British were still fighting, radio traffic was planned to continue heavily and artillery would bombard the eastern shore of the Rhine to trick the Germans into thinking that there would be another landing to the east. Meanwhile, the division would go by boat across the Rhine to the village of Driel held by the Poles. The wounded would all be left behind to be cared for by the Germans.
Another part of Urquhart's plan called for the 4th Dorsets Battalion of the 43rd (Wessex) Infantry Division to be deployed across the Rhine prior to the British retreat. These forces would open up the base of the Oosterbeek Perimeter and prevent it from being bottled-up by the Germans while the 1st Airborne crossed to safety.
Outcome.
Of the original 10,095 men landed in Arnhem, 2,500 were fighting capable on the night of the 25th. Of these, 2,163 British, along with 160 Poles and 75 4th Dorsets, made it across the Rhine and into the safety of Driel.
Monument.
On the South bank of the Rhine there is a monument commemorating the role of the Canadian engineers during Operation Berlin.
<br>
The text on the monument is: "It is 25th September 1944: The battle of Arnhem is still raging, but the position of the surrounded British and Polish troops on the northern Rhine bank has become untenable. Then the order for evacutation across the river is given. In that rainy" night hundreds of soldiers com in small parties to the river forelands, between the farmhouse and the Old Church - both clearly visible from here - and wait to be rescued. Under heavy German fire from the Westerbouwing, British (250 and 553 Fd Coys) and Canadian 20 and 23 Fd Coys Engineers make dozens of trips in their small boats from this bank. In one night, supported by other units, they manage to rescue 2,400 airborne troops. The majority of the men who were ferried across the river were done so by the members of the 23rd Field Company, Royal Canadian Engineers using Storm boats. The 23rd lost seven men that night. (The Storm Boat Kings p102)
At the time the rescued had hardly seen their saviers, so they have never been able to thank them. This monument has been erected to express their gratitude (15 September 1989)" 

</doc>
<doc id="18321948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321948" title="Madre Vieja River">
Madre Vieja River

The Río Madre Vieja is a river in southwest Guatemala. Its sources are located in the Sierra Madre range, on the border of the departments El Quiché, Sololá, and Chimaltenango. It flows southwards through the coastal lowlands of Suchitepéquez and Escuintla to the Pacific Ocean.
The Madre Vieja river basin covers a territory of 1,007 km2. 

</doc>
<doc id="18321955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321955" title="Ernie Fixmer">
Ernie Fixmer

Ernie Fixmer, born February 19, 1977 in Los Angeles, California is a drifting driver from the United States. Fixmer is one of the most recognizable figures in the early history of drifting in the United States, and became one of the first drivers with a manufacturer backing (with Rotora) in the summer of 2003. Fixmer was the first American driver to compete in a sudden death match against Japan's points leader in the first D1 Grand Prix's professional series in the U.S., presented by Slipstream Global, currently known as Formula D.
Career.
Fixmer has over 9 years of experience in the drifting scene, after learning the sport in Okinawa, Japan while enlisted in the United States Marine Corps. Fixmer competed in D1 Grand Prix from 2004 through 2006, and also in the Formula Drift series in 2004 and 2005. Fixmer continued his career in drifting while driving in exhibition demos, both domestically and internationally. Fixmer judged for NOPI Drift Series in 2007 and continues to judge for the ongoing 2008 drift series in Formula DRIFT.
History.
Fixmer was first introduced to drifting in December 1999 in Okinawa, Japan, while enlisted in the United States Marine Corps as a helicopter mechanic. During this era of early pre-American drifting, such names as Keiichi Tsuchiya ("Drift King"), Ross Petty, Kazuya Bai (Signal Auto) & Yasuyuki Kazama, were involved in the motorsport in Okinawa.
Before his official orders back to the United States came through, Fixmer purchased a Nissan 240SX while vacationing in Washington. When his overseas tour with the USMC ended, Fixmer returned to the US to build his personal state-side drift car. Through purchasing parts from a local shop (JSpec.com) to build his vehicle, Fixmer became friends with the owner, Sam Chang.
Fixmer borrowed Sam Chang's personal Nissan 240SX coupe to be driven in the D1 Grand Prix driver's search at Irwindale Speedway in Irwindale, California on June 15, 2003, which served as the first official appearance of D1 in the US. Fixmer was one of the first American drivers who qualified for the US Series competition.
After acquiring a D1 competition license at the event, Sam Chang introduced Fixmer to Loren Ho, President of Rotora. At this time, Rotora chose Fixmer's personal drift car to become the first sponsorship by a motorsports manufacturer in early competition series' of the sport in the United States.
After completing the build of Fixmer's 240SX, it was then used to compete in the Inaugural D1 Grand Prix USA event, which was run by Slipstream Global, currently known as Formula D.. At this event, Fixmer became the first American driver to go into a sudden death round with the Japanese series points leader, Youichi Imamura, after all American drivers were knocked out in their first runs. This moment served as the turning point in the motorsport in the US, and quickly attracted the attention of the Japanese drivers.
Fixmer continued to compete in the D1 Grand Prix point series in 2004, 2005 & 2006. In 2004 and 2005, Fixmer competed in the Formula D point series, and also was invited to drift in the first exhibition demos provided by Formula D & Champ Car in Cleveland, Ohio, San Jose, California, Long Beach, California & Denver, Colorado. In 2006, Fixmer drove in the first exhibition demo for the Indy Racing League in St. Petersburg, Florida and internationally in an exhibition demo in Beijing, China with World Drift Series. In 2007, Fixmer headed the judging panel for the introductory year of Nopi Drift Series.
In July 2008, Fixmer was announced as a judge for the Formula DRIFT series, effective immediately to carry his judging responsibilities for at least the rest of the season. Fixmer replaces Alex Pfeiffer, who has stepped down as a judge to pursue his career as a driver.

</doc>
<doc id="18321956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321956" title="Shani Marks">
Shani Marks

Shani Marks (born August 24, 1980 in Bloomington, Illinois) is an American athlete who competes in the triple jump. Marks finished first at the U.S. Olympic Trials to qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Marks was a state champion at Apple Valley High School and graduated in 1998.
Marks was the USA Indoor Champion in the triple jump in 2005 and 2007 and the USA Outdoor Champion in 2006 and 2007. She finished seventh at the 2006 World Cup, and also competed at the 2007 World Championships and the 2008 World Indoor Championships without reaching the final.
Her personal best distance is 14.38 metres, achieved at the 2008 Olympic Trials. At the Olympics, she ranked 13th in the qualifying round with a jump of 13.44 m.

</doc>
<doc id="18322011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322011" title="Inside Dave Van Ronk">
Inside Dave Van Ronk

Inside Dave Van Ronk was a 1964 album by American folksinger Dave Van Ronk.
"Inside Dave Van Ronk" was recorded in April 1962 during the same sessions that produced "Dave Van Ronk, Folksinger" and that would all end up on the Fantasy Records 1989 CD release, "Inside Dave Van Ronk".

</doc>
<doc id="18322020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322020" title="Chiaffredo">
Chiaffredo

Saint Chiaffredo ("Chiaffredus, Theofredus, Ciafrè, Chaffre, Teofredo, Jafredo, Jafredus, Eufredus, Jofredus, Sinfredus, Zaffredus") is venerated as the patron saint of Saluzzo, Italy. Tradition considers him a member of the Theban Legion, but instead of being martyred with this legion at Agaunum (in present-day Switzerland), he escaped to Piedmont and was martyred there.
A 14th-century account relates that, around 522, a man fell from a precipice near Crissolo but remained unharmed. The local population attributed his being unharmed to relics discovered by a peasant plowing in the vicinity - a discovery attributed to divine intervention. The mysterious skeleton was given the name of “San Ciafrè” and the tomb became the focus of a celebrated sanctuary at Crissolo. 
The first documentary evidence pointing to a cult devoted to Chiaffredo dates from 1387, when Avignon Pope Clement VII granted indulgences to those who visited the church at Crissolo and helped in its repair. A late 16th century legend written down by Guglielmo Baldesano states that Chiaffredo or Teofredo, soldier of the Theban Legion, escaped to Piedmont to avoid sacrificing to pagan idols and was martyred at Crissolo around 270. Fabio Arduino believes this story to have no historical foundation, as it would have been unlikely for a Roman legionary of the 3rd century to bear such a clearly Germanic name. The name is a variant of Theudofridus, derived from the Germanic "theuda-" "people," and "frithu-" "peace."
The sepulcher identified as the saint’s burial place may have been a tomb of pagan origins. Similar to the cults of Saint Constantius at Crissolo, Saint Bessus at Val Soana, Saint Tegulus at Ivrea, Saint Magnus at Castelmagno, and Saint Dalmatius at Borgo San Dalmazzo, the cult of Saint Chiaffredo was linked with that of the Theban Legion to lend antiquity to a local saint about whom nothing was really known. 
In 1902, a scholar identified Chiaffredo as the 8th century figure St. Theofredus (Chaffre, Theofrid, Teofredo), abbot of Le Monastier near Puy-en-Velay, who was killed by Muslim raiders and was also venerated in Piedmont.
Monsignor Tornabuoni, bishop of Saluzzo, declared Chiaffredo patron of his diocese during a synod of 1516, with Saint Constantius (San Costanzo) as co-patron. Chiaffredo’s relics were translated to Revello in 1593, and thence to the cathedral of Saluzzo in 1642. Constantius and Chiaffredo are depicted together in the altar of Saluzzo Cathedral. 
Chiaffredo enjoyed veneration in Piedmont; one English scholar has written that “beneath the shadow of Monte Viso, San Chiaffredo, a runaway apostle of the Theban legion, has usurped the worship paid in old time to the river-god Eridanus..."
Due to his alleged Theban origins, he is venerated by the Coptic Church. He is however, not mentioned explicitly in the "Roman Martyrology", although this martyrology includes Saint Maurice and the Theban Legion as a whole, without naming Chiaffredo specifically.

</doc>
<doc id="18322029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322029" title="Deer Island (Alaska)">
Deer Island (Alaska)

Deer Island is an island located at the mouth of Cold Bay on the south side of the Alaska Peninsula in the state of Alaska, USA. It lies about five miles directly south of the mainland city of King Cove, across Deer Passage. The Sanak Islands lie to its south, and the Pavlof Islands to its northeast. The island has a land area of 151.7 km² (58.57 sq mi) and is uninhabited.
It is a hilly island with many creeks running through it. Deer Island doesn't have much of a history. It was named by Aleuts, which were the only people to ever set foot on it. the island is covered with plants and full of life in the spring, but in winter, it is covered in a beautiful blanket of snow.

</doc>
<doc id="18322031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322031" title="Gabriel's Revelation">
Gabriel's Revelation

Gabriel's Revelation (also named Hazon Gabriel the Vision of Gabriel) or the Jeselsohn Stone, is a three-foot-tall (one metre) stone tablet with 87 lines of Hebrew text written in ink, containing a collection of short prophecies written in the first person and dated to the late 1st century BCE. One of the stories allegedly tells of a man who was killed by the Romans and resurrected in three days. 
It is a tablet described as a "Dead Sea scroll in stone".
Origins.
The unprovenanced tablet was likely found near the Dead Sea some time around the year 2000 and has been associated with the same community which created the Dead Sea scrolls. It is relatively rare in its use of ink on stone. It is in the possession of Dr. David Jeselsohn, a Swiss–Israeli collector, who bought it from a Jordanian antiquities dealer. At the time, he was unaware of its significance.
Reception.
Hillel Halkin in his blog in "The New York Sun" wrote that it "would seem to be in many ways a typical late-Second-Temple-period eschatological text" and expressed doubts that it provided anything "sensationally new" on Christianity's origins in Judaism.
The finding has caused controversy among scholars. Israel Knohl, who is an expert in Talmudic and biblical language at Jerusalem's Hebrew University, read in line 80 of the inscription a command from the angel Gabriel "to rise from the dead within three days". He took this command to be directed at a 1st-century Jewish rebel called Simon, who was killed by the Romans in 4 BCE. Knohl believed that the finding "calls for a complete reassessment of all previous scholarship on the subject of messianism, Jewish and Christian alike". Retired professor Stan Seidner contends that it reflects the Apocalyptic beliefs of the day, many which are found in the Dead Sea Scrolls, as antecedent and predictive writings of Christianity. He also suggested the use of infra-red technological applications, similar to what had been utilized on Dead Sea Scroll Material in the recent past. Challenging Knohl's "Two Messiahs" theory, Seidner noted that, "Knohl’s reliance upon what he calls, the 'Glorification Hymn,' in support of a first Messiah’s relationship with King Herod, failed in its carbon-14 testing. It predates Herod’s ascendency to the throne by at least twelve years and as much as one hundred and fifty six." However, he does agree with Knohl's interpretation of the inscription,"to rise from the dead within three days." On the other hand, Ben Witherington, an Early Christianity expert at Asbury Theological Seminary in Wilmore Kentucky, claims that a word interpreted as "rise" could just as easily be taken to mean "show up". At a conference at the Israel Museum in Jerusalem between 6 and 8 July 2008, marking the 60th anniversary of the discovery of the Dead Sea scrolls, Knohl gave a paper on the tablet.
Knohl has eventually abandoned this reading, in favor of Ronald Hendel's reading (followed by Qimron & Yuditsky): "By three days the sign". He still maintains the historical background of the inscription to be as mentioned above. He now views Simon's death, according to the inscription, as "an essential part of the redemptive process. The blood of the slain messiah paves the way for the final salvation".
The stone was featured in July 2011 on Simcha Jacobovici's television program "Decoding the Ancients".

</doc>
<doc id="18322058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322058" title="Ohio State Route 131">
Ohio State Route 131

State Route 131 (SR 131) is a long east–west state highway in the southwestern quadrant of the U.S. state of Ohio. The western terminus of SR 131 is at a signalized intersection with U.S. Route 50 (US 50) in the eastern Cincinnati suburb of Milford. Its eastern terminus is at a T-intersection with SR 138 approximately southwest of Hillsboro.
Route description.
The path of SR 131 takes it through northern Clermont County, northwestern Brown County and western Highland County. There are no segments of SR 131 that are included within the National Highway System (NHS), a network of highways deemed to be most important for the economy, mobility and defense of the country.
History.
The SR 131 designation was applied in 1923. Originally, the highway was routed along its present alignment from its current western terminus in Milford to its junction with US 50, at the time designated as SR 26, southwest of Fayetteville. In 1946, SR 131 was extended east along its current alignment to its present eastern terminus at SR 138 southwest of Hillsboro, utilizing a previously un-numbered roadway between its previous eastern terminus and SR 134, and the entirety of what was SR 780 between SR 134 and SR 138.

</doc>
<doc id="18322062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322062" title="Bank Night">
Bank Night

Bank Night was a popular fad lottery game franchise in America during the Great Depression. It was invented and marketed by Charles U. Yaeger, a former booking agent for 20th Century Fox.
In 1936, Bank Night was played at 5,000 of America's 15,000 active theaters, and copies of it were played at countless more. The popularity of Bank Night and similar schemes contributed to the resiliency of the film industry during the Great Depression more than any other single business tactic.
Operation.
Bank Night was run as a franchise which was leased to theaters for from $5 to $50 a week, depending on their size. The payment entitled the owner to run an event called Bank Night, and each owner was given a film reel with a Bank Night trailer, as well as a registration book and equipment to draw numbers to pick winners.
Anyone could enter their name in a book kept by the theater manager, and on Bank Night, a name would be drawn at random. The person selected must reach the stage within a set amount of time to claim their prize, usually a few minutes (they would not be required to purchase a ticket to enter the theater). While not technically requiring any purchase, and thus circumventing the numerous local lottery laws of the time, Bank Night had the effect of drawing people to theaters, many of whom bought tickets anyway. 
History.
Yeager invented Bank Night in 1931 in Denver, Colorado. The concept was immediately successful. Although lucrative, the franchise faced scrutiny from state and municipal authorities, who often challenged theaters in court for holding Bank Nights. It quickly spawned copycats to get around the franchise fee, such as "Prosperity Night", "Treasure Night" and "Movie Sweepstakes".
The fad lost much of its popularity by the late 1930s, first to competing games such as Screeno and other lottery-like games, but popularity further declined as cities such as Chicago and New York took stances against Bank Night and similar games in 1936, and soon theater owners in many jurisdictions faced arrest or fines for running Bank Nights. The improving economy and World War II also contributed to changing consumer tastes. Bank Night was referenced jokingly in the film After the Thin Man. It is also referenced in at least two Warner Brothers cartoons directed by Tex Avery: "A Day at the Zoo" and "Thugs with Dirty Mugs" (both released in 1939).

</doc>
<doc id="18322063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322063" title="Mohamed Ramees">
Mohamed Ramees

Mohamed Ramees (born 8 November 1980) is a Sri Lankan footballer who is in the Sri Lanka national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18322069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322069" title="ActionAid Australia">
ActionAid Australia

ActionAid Australia, the Australian division of ActionAid International, is a rights based anti-poverty agency addressing the root causes of poverty and injustice. Formerly known as Austcare, the organisation was established in Australia in 1967.
History.
ActionAid Australia is a rights based anti-poverty agency addressing the root causes of poverty and injustice. It is part of an international anti-poverty agency active in over 40 countries across Africa, the Americas, Asia and Europe. First established in 1967 as a national association dedicated to the rights of refugees called Austcare, the organisation's initial goal was to raise awareness among the Australian community and government of the needs of the growing number of displaced people around the world.
In the 1980s, Austcare began to select, fund and administer its own projects through a global network of partner agencies in the field. Following the deadly legacy of war in Cambodia, Austcare broadened its focus to landmine action. It was also in Cambodia that Austcare established its first permanent overseas office in 2001. By 2008, Austcare had established offices in Timor-Leste, Indonesia and the Middle-East. Austcare's work also broadened in scope to initiatives such as income generation for rural communities, agricultural support as well as education and health programs.
Working in partnership with global anti poverty agency ActionAid in 2005, Austcare started responding to the South Asian earthquake in Pakistan and the Boxing Day Tsunami in Sri Lanka and Indonesia. Austcare also partnered with ActionAid to provide emergency relief in response to Cyclone Nargis in Myanmar, floods in Pakistan, Uganda and Nepal and Cyclone Sidr in Bangladesh. After four years of working together around the world, in April 2009 Austcare formalised its relationship with ActionAid by becoming a full affiliate of the global network.
Finally, on 1 June 2009 Austcare changed its name to ActionAid Australia, thus completing the transition. The organisation formerly known as Action Aid Australia became Partners in Aid. Partners in Aid had operating in Australia for more than 20 years prior to 2009 under the name of Action Aid Australia Limited. This organisation was first provided with the opportunity to become a member of the ActionAid International group, but elected to not join the global network.
Rights-based approach.
ActionAid uses a rights-based approach to development. It works off the premise that every person is entitled to the same basic human rights and that securing these rights is the key to poverty reduction. ActionAid works to inform people living in poverty that their situation is not a result of their own failings but is a violation of their human rights. ActionAid helps to organise and mobilise people, give them a voice and develop their power to negotiate.
Women’s rights.
Working on a grassroots, national and international level, ActionAid is improving women’s rights to end poverty. ActionAid assists poor women and girls so that they can exercise their rights – socially, politically and economically. ActionAid challenges discrimination law, policy and decision making, and discrimination embedded in culture and tradition. ActionAid funds women’s and girls’ rights projects around the world including India, Nepal, Democratic Republic of Congo, Kenya, Pakistan and Ethiopia.
In tsunami affected India, ActionAid provided small loans to women in fishing communities to help them re-establish themselves. In Nepal, ActionAid supports a community forestry project run by rural women to help preserve the forest and grow fruit and vegetables. In the Democratic Republic of Congo, ActionAid is providing medical care and trauma healing to thousands of women who have suffered from sexual violence. In Kenya, ActionAid supports teachers in primary schools to run safe and supportive after-school forums for girls. In Pakistan, ActionAid has helped the national campaign to challenge the Hudood Ordinance, which criminalises women who have been raped. In Ethiopia, ActionAid is working on raising awareness of the dangers of Female Genital Mutilation.
ActionAid has formed a global coalition of women’s rights organisations called Women Won’t Wait to highlight the link between violence against women and HIV/AIDS pandemic.
Education.
ActionAid works with poor people at all levels to secure their right to an education. ActionAid promotes education as a fundamental human right that also helps people gain access to other human rights. The organisation supports excluded groups in gaining access to quality education as well as advocating for policies that promote the right to education. ActionAid has been awarded the UN International Literary Prize for the conception and dissemination of the "Reflect" approach to adult learning. ActionAid develops teaching and learning materials, provides in-service teacher training, introduces new teaching methods, works with children clubs and builds parents associations. ActionAid co-founded the Global Campaign for Education (GCE) in 1999.
HIV and AIDS.
ActionAid has been working on HIV/AIDS since 1987 and currently works in 23 countries to provide people with life and dignity in the face of the disease. It also offers free treatment and other essential care and support. ActionAid supports teachers to use STAR, a HIV/AIDS specific approach to education children. The organisation supported the development of "Stepping Stones" by the Strategies for Hope Project, (series editor Australian Glen Williams) and written by Alice Welbourn, a training program on gender, HIV, communication and relationship skills. Over 2000 organisations in 100 countries worldwide use the program.
In Zimbabwe, ActionAid has supported vulnerable people living with HIV and AIDS who have been affected by the government’s slum clearance program. They have also helped improve nutrition and income through organic farming in the region. In the Democratic Republic of Congo, ActionAid works with abused women to overcome the stigma they face and to increase acceptance of them in their families and communities. In Asia, ActionAid is helping trafficked women and girls who are forced into prostitution receive treatment.
Emergency and conflict.
ActionAid works in emergency situations providing immediate relief and setting up long term projects that help communities rebuild their lives and reduce their vulnerability to future disasters and conflict.
The "Timor-Leste Armed Violence Assessment" (TLAVA) is an independent research project overseen by ActionAid and the Small Arms Survey. The project seeks to identify and disseminate concrete entry points to prevent and reduce real and perceived armed violence in Timor-Leste.
Food rights.
ActionAid works with people in poor countries to give them the power and resources to change their own lives for the better and a cruicial aspect to this is ensuring everyone has the right to food. In 2007 ActionAid launched a five-year campaign- "HungerFREE" which is driving change by pushing governments to introduce laws that bring an immediate end to all deaths by starvation and to ensure basic social security.
One of ActionAid’s programs is to provide seeds, technical advice and information to increase small farmers' production in many countries in Asia and Africa. ActionAid has also helped empower Kenyan sugar cane growers with funds and information to enable them to get a fair price from sugar factories. ActionAid has worked with women’s rights networks in India to ensure women have the same legal right to land as men do.
Governance.
ActionAid works to hold governments and institutions accountable. At a local level, ActionAid has worked in Ethiopia to support a network of women who are training and improving the chances of women candidates to be elected into parliament. This has helped double the number of women representatives at the last elections. In Brazil, Sierra Leone, Tanzania, Uganda, the Gambia, and Cambodia, ActionAid provides training on monitoring and tracking budgets.
On a national level, ActionAid undertakes a wide range of work to hold those in power accountable for their impact upon poor people. ActionAid has completed projects such as surveys in India to help the government assess whether families have enough food. This information was used to help draft an Act that guarantees every rural household has 100 days of employment a year. In Nigeria, ActionAid has completed a Public Finance Analysis project to help poor communities analyse their local state budgets. In Kenya, ActionAid has supported the Women’s Agenda Network to provide a voice for Kenyan women in national politics.
At the international level, ActionAid has formed an International Financial Institutions team that includes members from Africa, Asia, North and South America and Europe. Members use ActionAid’s international perspective and research to influence policy and practice of institutions such as the International Monetary Fund and World Bank within their own countries.
Fundraising.
Government Grants
In the 2008/09 financial year, ActionAid raised over A$9 million. More than A$6 million of this came from Australian and international grants, in particular AusAID.
Child Sponsorship
ActionAid Australia launched its child sponsorship program in late 2009 with sponsored children in Cambodia and Uganda. Money raised goes towards education, access to clean water and food.
ActionAid Activists
ActionAid raises funds for programs helping poor children to build a better future. By joining, ActionAid Activists receive reports from the field to see where their money is going.
Campaigns.
Project TOTO
ActionAid launched "Project TOTO" (The Overseas Training Operation) in June 2009 to find someone to blog in a developing country. The aim of "Project TOTO" is to teach locals how to blog and is the first of its kind. The first blogger, Stilgherrian, went to Tanzania in July 2009. There are currently nine finalists competing for the second outreach blogger post.
HungerFREE
"HungerFREE" is a global campaign forcing governments to deliver on their commitment to halve hunger by putting the issue of hunger at the top of the political agenda. To emphasise the number of deaths that hunger leads to, ActionAid Australia set up an empty classroom in Sydney’s Circular Quay to highlight that a classroom of children die every three minutes.
1GOAL: Education for all
ActionAid Australia was a founding member of the Australian arm of "1GOAL" – the official campaign for the FIFA World Cup. Its aim is to ensure that people of all ages around the world get access to quality education, classrooms, teachers and the future that education provides. Rather than asking for money, "1GOAL" asks for you to sign your name for those that cannot. Launched in Australia on 6 October 2009 by Australia Minister for Sport Kate Ellis, Socceroo Vincenzo Grella, Matilda Sarah Walsh and ActionAid Australia, "1GOAL" is led by the Global Campaign for Education and support by ActionAid International. Thierry Henry, Rio Ferdinand and David James have all supported the campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="18322070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322070" title="July 2008 in science">
July 2008 in science

__NOTOC__
2008 : ← - January - February - March - April - May - June - July - August - September - October - November - December - →

</doc>
<doc id="18322088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322088" title="Mohamed Izzadeen">
Mohamed Izzadeen

Mohamed Izzadeen Mohamed Naufer (born on 8 June 1979) is a Sri Lankan footballer in the Sri Lanka national football team. He plays on left wing.

</doc>
<doc id="18322095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322095" title="89th Military Police Brigade (United States)">
89th Military Police Brigade (United States)

The 89th Military Police Brigade is a military police brigade of the United States Army based at Fort Hood, Texas. It is a subordinate unit of III Corps.
Activated in Vietnam in the midst of the Vietnam War, the unit provided military police services for two corp-sized forces operating in the region. It played a supporting role throughout the entire conflict, staying in theater for the entire war and earning fifteen campaign streamers.
Since then, the brigade has seen duty in numerous areas of operation throughout the world and performed numerous duties including disaster relief for Hurricane Hugo as well as service in Guantanamo Bay. It also played supporting a role in the Gulf War. Recently the brigade served two tours of duty in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Organization.
The brigade is subordinate to III Corps. It is headquartered at Fort Hood, Texas. Almost 1,000 soldiers of the brigade are stationed there.
The Brigade contains three subordinate battalions of military police:
716th Military Police Battalion, at Fort Campbell
History.
Vietnam War.
The 89th Military Police Brigade was originally activated as a "group", roughly the size of a modern regiment. The 89th Military Police Group was constituted in the Regular Army on 19 February 1966 and activated on 15 March of that year in the Republic of Vietnam. The mission of the 89th Military Police Group was to provide general military police support for the III Corps and IV Corps Tactical Zones. The group stayed in Vietnam in support of the two corps' areas of operation. As the group was a supporting unit, it never saw front line combat. However, it did receive all 15 campaign streamers that could be earned for Vietnam service. With the removal of US forces from Vietnam, the organization was inactivated on 21 December 1971. 
On 13 September 1972 the unit was activated at Fort Lewis, Washington. The 89th Military Police Group was designed to command and control the operations of three to five military police battalions and other assigned or attached units. Additionally, it provided a Provost Marshal staff section to the corps headquarters while assigned as their senior military police organization.
The 89th Military Police Group remained at Fort Lewis until 21 February 1976 when the colors were transferred to Fort Hood, Texas. On 16 July 1981 the 89th Military Police Group was reorganized as the 89th Military Police Brigade.
Post-Cold War.
The 89th Military Police Brigade has deployed around the world in support of US Army missions in numerous places, seeing both wartime and humanitarian service roles. The soldiers of the 89th MP Brigade supported operations in Honduras, Panama, Cuba, Somalia, Virgin Islands, Bosnia and Hungary. 
The Brigade played a supporting role during the Gulf War. It was sent to Kuwait and Saudi Arabia as part of operations include Desert Shield and Desert Storm during 1990 and 1991. During the action, it provided military police duties for XVIII Airborne Corps. The Brigade was one of numerous units thought to have been exposed to chemical weapons following the Khamisiyah Pit Demolition. The long term effects of this exposure are not clear.
The brigade participated in disaster relief after Hurricane Hugo 1989, and Operation Sea Signal in support of Joint Task Force 160 in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba from June to November 1994.
Personnel from the 89th Military Police Brigade were deployed in January 2002 at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to serve as the headquarters element for Joint Task Force 160. They were replaced in May 2002 by personnel from the 43rd Military Police Brigade from the Rhode Island Army National Guard. The subordinate unit of the 89th MP Brigade that deployed for this mission was the 401st Military Police Company, 720th Military Police Battalion.
Operation Iraqi Freedom.
The 89th Military Police Brigade deployed to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom early 2004, where it took over the mission previously tasked to the 18th Military Police Brigade on 31 January 2004. At that time the brigade assumed responsibility for the Iraqi Police training mission as well as the majority of all the Military Police Units in Iraq at that time. The unit returned to Fort Hood in December 2004.
The 89th Military Police Brigade deployed for a second tour in August 2006 to the Iraqi theater of operation in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom 2006–2008. During the deployment, it was composed of over 5,000 military police soldiers in the theater. Brigade responsibilities included corrections and security operations. It deployed K-9 units during some operations. The brigade's primary responsibility, though, was the training of Iraqi police units. The brigade focused on local police units throughout the country, as another MP brigade handled the national police. The brigade commander would brief US Department of Defense officials in The Pentagon on the current situation, live from Iraq. It suffered several casualties, including a soldier killed by sniper fire, a soldier killed by a suicide car bomb, and two soldiers who died of non-combat related causes. The brigade returned home in October 2007, replaced again by the 18th Military Police Brigade. After this, the brigade resumed its policing roles at Fort Hood.
During its second deployment, one of the unit commanders, William H. Steele, became infamous for being accused of breaching military law by aiding the enemy. He was acquitted of the charges, though he was convicted of other charges and subsequently dismissed from the military.
Operation Enduring Freedom.
The 410th Military Police Company deployed to Afghanistan in May 2009 and returned in May 2010. The 401st and 64th Military Police Companies deployed to Afghanistan in May 2010 and returned in April of 2011. The 411th Military Police Company deployed to Kandahar Province in May 2011 and returned to Fort Hood in May 2012. HHD, 720th Military Police Battalion deployed in December 2011 and returned in December 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="18322111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322111" title="Chiaha">
Chiaha

Chiaha was a Native American chiefdom located in the lower French Broad River valley in modern East Tennessee, in the southeastern United States. They lived in raised structures within boundaries of several stable villages. These overlooked the fields of maize, beans, squash, and tobacco, among other plants which they cultivated. Chiaha was the northern extreme of the paramount Coosa chiefdom's sphere of influence in the 16th century when the Spanish expeditions of Hernando de Soto and Juan Pardo passed through the area. The Chiaha chiefdom included parts of modern Jefferson and Sevier counties, and may have extended westward into Knox, Blount and Monroe counties.
The Spanish explorers' accounts of Chiaha provide a rare first-hand glimpse of life in a Dallas Phase Mississippian-era village. The Dallas culture, named after Dallas Island near Chattanooga where its distinct characteristics were first observed, dominated much of East Tennessee between approximately 1300 and 1600 AD. Both the de Soto and Pardo expeditions spent several days at Chiaha's principal village. The Pardo expedition constructed a short-lived fort nearby called San Pedro. But, by the time English explorers arrived in the area in the late 17th and early 18th centuries, the Chiaha area was largely uninhabited and dominated by the Cherokee.
Geographical setting.
The chief village of Chiaha was called "Olamico" in their own language. The Hernando de Soto expedition recorded the name as "Chiaha" and the Pardo expedition as "Olamico". It was located on an island in the French Broad River, in modern times called Zimmerman's Island. This island was located upstream from the mouth of the French Broad and approximately upstream from the present location of Douglas Dam. With the completion of Douglas Dam in 1943, a reservoir was created that completely submerged Zimmerman's Island, ending possible archeological excavation of Olamico and the area.
The Spanish expeditions.
Hernando de Soto, 1540.
In 1539, Hernando de Soto (c. 1496-1542), a Spanish conquistador, embarked on an expedition across what is now the southeastern United States in hopes of finding a passage to the Pacific Ocean and the Orient, which the Spaniards believed was much closer than across the large continent. The de Soto expedition landed in Florida in May 1539 and marched north through present-day Georgia and South Carolina. In early May 1540, they arrived at Cofitachequi, a paramount chiefdom which dominated much of the southeastern U.S. east of the Appalachian Mountains. The expedition continued north through modern North Carolina, arriving at the village of "Xuala" (Joara) on May 21 and reaching the headwaters of the Toe River on May 26. The expedition traced the Toe to its mouth along the Nolichucky River, and the expedition followed the Nolichucky into modern Greene County, Tennessee. On June 4, while camped near the confluence of Lick Creek and the Nolichucky River, the expedition was greeted by several Chiaha natives, who brought the Spaniards a ration of corn. The expedition arrived at Chiaha the following day.
Chiaha was the first fortified town which the de Soto expedition encountered. The expedition's chroniclers described the village's location as "two crossbow shots" (appx. ) from the upstream (eastern) end of the island. The island ranged between one and two crossbow shots in width. The river was wide on both sides, but could be forded. Maize was growing along the river banks opposite the island. The chief of Chiaha loaned de Soto his house, and the expedition members were initially well treated by the village's inhabitants. After approximately two weeks, however, de Soto angered the village elders when he asked them to provide thirty women for his expedition. The offended people quickly got all the women away from the village. De Soto threatened to attack the settlement, and the people fled to an impenetrable island further upstream. De Soto finally dropped his demand for women, and instead asked for porters, which Chiaha agreed to supply.
On June 28, the de Soto expedition departed westward along the French Broad River. They followed the river to its mouth at modern Knoxville and continued along the banks of the Tennessee River to the village of Coste, which was located on Bussell Island at the mouth of the Little Tennessee River. The expedition followed the Little Tennessee to the village of Tali (probably a predecessor of the Cherokee village of Toqua), where they intercepted a Native American trail that led them southward to Coosa.
While they were at Chiaha, the chief of Coste met with de Soto. He told him of mines of "yellow metal" thirty leagues to the northeast, in the territory of the Chisca tribe. De Soto sent two members of his expedition northeastward to investigate. They found only minor copper resources, rather than the gold they anticipated, and later described the terrain as very rugged. The Spaniards returned in canoes the Chisca had given them and rejoined the main expedition at Coste.
Juan Pardo, 1567.
In 1565 and 1566, Pedro Menéndez de Avilés, hoping to expand the Spanish colony of La Florida into what is now the southeastern United States, founded settlements at Saint Augustine in northeastern Florida and Santa Elena at Parris Island in modern South Carolina. In December of 1566, De Aviles dispatched an expedition under Captain Juan Pardo into the interior with the goal of subduing the native inhabitants and mapping a route to the Spanish settlement at Zacatecas, Mexico, where they had silver mines. Pardo followed the Wateree River northward into North Carolina, eventually arriving at the village of Joara (De Soto's Xuala). Pardo built Fort San Juan at Joara and explored the area nearby before being recalled to Santa Elena. He left a 30-man garrison at Fort San Juan under the command of Sergeant Hernando Moyano de Morales.
While Pardo was away, Moyano spent several days searching for gold and gems in the Joara area (modern Burke County, North Carolina). In April 1567, he marched northward across the mountains with 15 soldiers and a contingent of natives (likely a Joaran army) and attacked and destroyed a Chisca village in the upper Nolichucky valley. After receiving a serious threat from a mountain chief, Moyano was forced to continue westward down the Nolichucky to the French Broad, and thence to Chiaha on Zimmerman's Island. They built a small fort near the fortified capital of Chiaha (known as "Olamico", a Muskogean word for "chief town") and awaited Pardo's arrival.
Pardo's second expedition began on September 1, 1567, and in just over three weeks, he was back at Joara. After learning of Moyano's uneasy situation, he left Joara for Chiaha on September 29. Pardo passed through the Cherokee-speaking village of Tocae (near modern Asheville) on October 1, and then spent several days following the French Broad River across the Appalachian Mountains into modern Cocke County, Tennessee. He arrived at the village of Tanasqui (probably at the confluence of the French Broad and Pigeon River) on October 6, and reached Chiaha the following day.
Pardo remained at Chiaha for five days before departing for Coosa. He spent several days traversing the foothills of the Great Smoky Mountains in modern Sevier and Blount counties before reaching the village of Chalahume in the Little Tennessee Valley. At the village of Satapo just downstream, Pardo was told that the Coosa chief was plotting to kill him, so he turned back. He again passed through Olamico on October 20 and departed back up the French Broad on October 22. He arrived back at Santa Elena in February 1568.
The people of Chiaha.
Chiaha was on the northern fringe of the Coosa chiefdom's sphere of influence, which stretched from Chiaha in the north to Talisi (near modern Childersburg, Alabama) to the south. While most villages visited by Pardo were headed by a low-level local chief known as an "orata", three villages— Chiaha, Joara, and Guatari— were each headed by a major regional chief known as a "mico" (some Muskogean-speaking tribes still used the word "mico" for "chief" as late as the 19th century). Micos were apparently subject to a paramount chief. At the time of De Soto's expedition, paramount chiefs resided at Cofitachequi and Coosa, but by the time of Pardo's expedition, Cofitachequi's power had been greatly reduced. The only known paramount chief was at Coosa, which Pardo never visited.
Life at Chiaha was probably characteristic of life in a Dallas-phase Mississippian period village. The Mississippian period, which began in Tennessee around 900 AD, marked the transformation of Native American tribes into complex agrarian societies. Mississippian peoples lived in or near relatively large villages whose design was centered on large, constructed plazas. These public plazas were flanked by one or more mounds used for religious and political purposes and related to the people's cosmology. The larger mounds, known as "platform mounds", were topped by public buildings. The Dallas cultures also built elaborate burial mounds.
In 1940, archaeologists surveyed Zimmerman's Island before it was inundated by reservoir waters. They photographed a Mississippian-style platform mound near the upstream end of the island (see External links). Researchers have noted that the fortifications described by the Spanish chroniclers (i.e., having square towers or bastions at various intervals) at nearby Tanasqui were consistent with the Dallas-phase fortifications excavated at the Toqua site in the 1970s. They were likely to have been revealed by excavation on Zimmerman's Island as well.
Like most Dallas-phase peoples, the Chiahans relied heavily on corn for sustenance. At Chiaha, De Soto and his men were given large portions of "sofkee" (a gruel similar to hominy grits), honey, and a sweet-tasting sauce made from bear fat. The people also collected the wild fruits, such as mulberries and grapes, that grew in abundance in the surrounding hills. The Chiahans stored their crops in raised storehouses, which the Spaniards called "barbacoas".
Relationship to the Cherokee.
The relationship between the Mississippian people in the Tennessee Valley and the later Cherokee inhabitants has been a source of debate since the late 19th century. Some have argued that the Cherokee are the descendants of the Mississippian people who lived in the valleys of Southern Appalachia until the late 16th century. Based on both linguistic and archeological evidence, most scholars agree that the Cherokee, an Iroquoian-speaking people, did not arrive in the region until later, after having migrated from the Great Lakes area, where they and other Iroquoian peoples coalesced. They either conquered the Mississippian inhabitants or occupied their already-abandoned villages. By contrast, the language of the Dallas-phase inhabitants of the upper Tennessee Valley (including the people of Chiaha) was a Muskogean language known as Koasati. It is still used today by the Koasati tribe of Louisiana.
The chroniclers of De Soto and Pardo show that Cherokee-speaking people coexisted with the Mississippian Muskogean-speakers as early as the 16th century. Cherokee-speaking people lived in the mountains between Joara and Chiaha, most notably at Guasili, a village in the Nolichucky valley visited by De Soto. While Pardo was at Joara, he was visited by several Cherokee-speaking chiefs. At Chiaha, however, Pardo was not visited by any Cherokee-speaking chiefs. The fact that Chiaha and Tanasqui were the only two fortified villages noted by Pardo (other than the Chisca village destroyed by Moyano) may suggest that the people of Chiaha were at war with the Cherokee living in the mountains. Several Mississippian village names mentioned by Pardo were retained in some form by their later Cherokee inhabitants, namely Citico (Pardo's "Satapo") and Chilhowee (Pardo's "Chalahume") in the Little Tennessee Valley. The name of the Cherokee capital of Tanasi, also in the Little Tennessee Valley, may have been influenced by the earlier village of Tanasqui, which according to Pardo was just east of Chiaha. The village of Jore, a Cherokee Middle Town visited by colonist Alexander Cuming in 1730, may have been named after Joara.

</doc>
<doc id="18322115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322115" title="Coyolate River">
Coyolate River

The Río Coyolate is a river in southwest Guatemala. Its sources are located in the Sierra Madre range, in the department of Chimaltenango. It flows southwards through the coastal lowlands of Suchitepéquez and Escuintla to the Pacific Ocean.
The Coyolate river basin covers a territory of 1,648 km2. 

</doc>
<doc id="18322117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322117" title="Clare Dunne">
Clare Dunne

Clare Dunne (born 1937) OAM is an Irish-born Australian actress, author, lecturer and broadcaster. Her first name is also found as Claire.
1960s Australian celebrity.
Dunne was a popular Australian television and film personality of the 1960s. She starred as "Kay" in the seminal Australian film "They're a Weird Mob" (1966) and was also a regular on "The Beauty and the Beast" with Maggie Tabberer.
Her fame within Australia in the 1960s was described by Thomas Keneally as such:
""Clare Dunne, she was a goddess to me. She was this exquisite bone-structured Irish woman who was beloved on the media in Australia.""[http://www.australianbiography.gov.au/subjects/keneally/intertext7.html]
Multicultural broadcasting pioneer.
Dunne went on to pioneer multicultural broadcasting in Australia as a Foundation Director of what went on to become the Special Broadcasting Service, as well as a presenter and a producer or radio and television for SBS.
In 1986, then-Prime Minister Bob Hawke delivered a "series of blows aimed at multiculturalism", including a decision to close the Australian Institute of Multicultural Affairs[http://www.multiculturalaustralia.edu.au/doc/dunne_1.pdf] and proposed legislation that would merge SBS into the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
Dunne was a vociferous opponent of both changes. She said at the time:
""I think there is going to be an uproar. There seems to be an undeclared Government change of policy about multiculturalism. Last week it was announced that the Institute of Multicultural Affairs would be closed. Now it is the SBS-ABC merger in spite of the fact that only six months ago the Government decided to let it be independent."" [http://books.google.com/books?id=qq9rGnoKRxIC&pg=PA178&lpg=PA178&dq=Claire+Dunne+SBS&source=web&ots=lRMc6Eu4kL&sig=VzGVULhwGsyYKde-qNhoCA-MYLk&hl=en&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=2&ct=result#PPA178,M1]
There was indeed an uproar, eventually leading the Prime Minister to call off the merger.
She was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia in 1999 for "service to multiculturalism, particularly through the promotion of Celtic culture, and to ethnic broadcasting"[http://www.itsanhonour.gov.au/honours/honour_roll/search.cfm?aus_award_id=883185&search_type=simple&showInd=true].
Author.
Dunne has published three books [http://www.bookfinder.com/author/clare-dunne/]:

</doc>
<doc id="18322121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322121" title="Consulate-General of Japan in Saint Petersburg">
Consulate-General of Japan in Saint Petersburg

The Consulate-General of Japan in Saint Petersburg is the consulate of Japan in Saint Petersburg, Russia. It is located at 29 Nabereznaya Reki Moiki () in the Tsentralny district of Saint Petersburg.
The building was constructed in 1851 for Aleksey Lobanov-Rostovsky, with reconstructions and extensions in 1868 and 1875.
The decision to open a consulate-general in Leningrad, as it was then named, was taken by the Japanese cabinet following a bill passed in the Diet. This happened on 30 March, 1971 with effect from April 1st. This was part of a consular agreement in which consulates were also opened in Osaka, Sapporo and Nakhodka.

</doc>
<doc id="18322123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322123" title="Asmeer Lathif Mohamed">
Asmeer Lathif Mohamed

Asmeer Lathif Mohamed (born May 3, 1983) is a Sri Lankan footballer currently playing for Negombo Youth SC in Negombo and also is a starter on the Sri Lanka national football team. Mohamed wears jersey number 14 on the Sri Lanka national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18322153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322153" title="Thuwan Raheem">
Thuwan Raheem

Thuwan Raheem (born 11 September 1979) is a Sri Lankan footballer in the Sri Lanka national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18322157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322157" title="Jen Adams">
Jen Adams

Jen Adams is the head women's lacrosse coach at Loyola University Maryland and was an All-American lacrosse player at the University of Maryland from 1998 to 2001, leading the Terrapins to national titles for four straight years, including a perfect 21 and 0 record in 1999, as well as a perfect 23 and 0 record in 2001. Maryland under coach Cindy Timchal won seven national titles in a row from 1995 through 2001. The Maryland lacrosse team has more Women's Division I lacrosse titles (9) than any other program. In the 2000 NCAA Lacrosse championship game, Adams scored five goals and had five assists, all in the second half, to turn a close game into a 16-8 victory over Princeton.
Biography.
Adams, born in Adelaide, South Australia, began her lacrosse career with the Brighton Lacrosse Club. She first represented Australia as a 15-year-old in the U19 world championship winning team of 1995. She has gone on to represent Australia at the senior level, including captaining them to the Women's Lacrosse World Cup title in 2005. Adams also played for the Australian team at the 2009 Women's Lacrosse World Cup in Prague.
Adams is ranked first all-time in NCAA women's lacrosse scoring with 445 career points including 267 goals and 178 assists in 86 games. Adams was a three-time national player of the year and was the first-ever winner of the Tewaaraton Trophy, given annually to the nation's top player. She is regarded as the finest female lacrosse player of all time.
In between stints with the Koalas, she has played independent club lacrosse in Baltimore, and was the only woman ever drafted into the National Lacrosse League with the Washington Power. She also was selected to try to jumpstart a women's professional league in 2001, but it did not get beyond a series of summer exhibition games.
After assistant coaching stints with Denver University and the University of Maryland, Adams was hired in June 2008 as head coach of the Greyhounds. In 2009, Loyola had an 11-6 record including wins over top 20 teams Georgetown and Cornell. The team finished the year fourth in the Big East.

</doc>
<doc id="18322197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322197" title="Survivors (2008 TV series)">
Survivors (2008 TV series)

Survivors is a British science fiction television series produced by the BBC. It depicts the lives of a group of people who survived a virulent unknown strain of influenza which has wiped out most of the human species. According to the producers, the series is not a remake of the 1970s BBC television series "Survivors" (1975–1977), created by Terry Nation, but is loosely based on the novel of the same name that Nation wrote following the first series of the 1970s series. Two series were produced of the new series. Series 1 ran on BBC One and BBC HD in November–December 2008, and series 2 ran in January–February 2010, ending with a cliffhanger. The BBC announced on 13 April 2010 that, due to poor viewing figures and other considerations, "Survivors" had been cancelled.
The series had its premiere in South Africa on BBC Entertainment in September 2009, in France on DTTV channel NRJ 12 on 12 January 2010, and on BBC America in the United States on 13 February 2010. The series' Australian premiere was on Channel Nine, on 21 March 2010.
Synopsis.
Set in the present day, the series focuses on a group of ordinary people who survive the aftermath of a devastating viral pandemic – referred to as "European flu" – which kills most of the world's population due to its causing Cytokine Storms in the body's immune system. The series sees the characters struggling against terrible dangers in a world with no society, no police and no law, led by the de facto matriarch of the group, Abby Grant.
Production.
Sue Hogg, an executive producer at the BBC, had the idea of remaking "Survivors" following the recent increase in concerns about future pandemics and diseases such as SARS. It was decided that the show would be a re-imagining of the 1970s material made by BBC Productions rather than an external production company. The BBC pursued the rights for "Survivors" from Terry Nation's estate so that the series could be revived. The agreement, which was signed in 2007, took months of negotiations. For legal reasons, the new series is billed as being based on Nation's novelisation of material from his episodes of the 1970s series.
In remaking the series, Adrian Hodges worked to avoid criticisms of the 1970s series and he felt it was "important that a new version had a cultural and class mix that really represented the country as it is now"; to meet this needs, they created two new characters, Al and Najid. The writers claimed that the new series retained the "spirit" of the 1970s show, but Hodges concentrated on the hope and the humanity which was said to be an attempt to make it "less depressing" to watch.
The city scenes in the first series were filmed in Manchester, while city scenes in the second series were filmed in Birmingham.
To help create a world with no people, some scenes were shot very early on a Sunday morning, including a sequence where Al Sadiq drove his car at speed around the city centre. Producer Hugh Warren said that this reduced the amount of computer-generated imagery required and allowed the budget to be spent on effects such as when the city starts to flood and fires burn. Other locations included a house near Helmshore in Lancashire which doubled as the survivors' main base, the disused Earth Centre in the village of Denaby Main near Doncaster and on the Jaguar Cars test track in Nuneaton which stood in for deserted motorways.
The series is shot using 35 mm film. Warren said that this was chosen over high-definition cameras due to the low light levels that would be experienced when filming in a world without electricity and during an autumn filming period, and over Super 16 due to high-definition transmission requirements.
The first series received a mixed critical reception, with some reviewers concerned that the series is too derivative and predictable while others were more positive. The producers were happy to have started well, survived the ratings lull in the middle and ended with an upward curve in the last two weeks. Audience breakdowns indicate that a higher proportion of younger viewers were tuning in than many other shows.
Cast and characters.
Supporting cast.
While some characters were emphasised in the BBC promotional material, such as Freema Agyeman, most only appeared in the first episode as perishing during the viral pandemic.
Episodes.
Series 2 (2010).
A second series of six episodes was commissioned and began airing in January 2010. Adrian Hodges returned to oversee the project and Julie Graham, Paterson Joseph, Zoe Tapper, Philip Rhys, Robyn Addison, Chahak Patel and Max Beesley returned to their roles for the next series.
The cliffhanger is quickly resolved, while the story of the lab plays through series two, allowing more about the backstory of the virus, and the lab's direct connection with that. The production team's intention was to spend more time exploring the nitty-gritty of survival in the post-virus world, and how the various characters coped.
Filming took place in various locations around Birmingham including Baskerville House (exterior) and the former ITV Central studios (interior) standing in for a fictional hospital.
Series 1 DVD extras & easter egg.
On disc one the easter egg can be revealed by going to the main menu, highlighting episode selection then when the grey corpuscle appears press up and the corpuscle selects. This reveals around nine to ten minutes of behind the scenes footage.
Media.
To tie in with the broadcast of the series Terry Nation's 1976 novelisation was released as a new edition by Orion Books. The 2008 series is credited as being based on this novel.
A web site was launched to tie in with the series, entitled "Survivors Interactive", which included interviews with actors, clips from the programme and original character pieces-to-camera. The interactive component was based on visitors selecting characters from the show and then answering either/or dilemma-based questions, which are then profiled by what type of survivor they would make as they travel through the post-plague environment.
The first series was released by 2 Entertain Video on DVD on 26 January 2009, and includes special features such as an Easter Egg, "A New World – The Making of Survivors" documentary, character profiles and a "Survivors Special Effects" featurette.
A new book entitled "Worlds Apart: an unofficial and unauthorised guide to the BBC's remake of Survivors" (ISBN 9780956100016) written by Rich Cross was published by Classic TV Press in March 2010, shortly after transmission of the second series completes. The book incorporates: in depth synopses and reviews for all the episodes from Series 1 and 2; insights into the making of the series; examination of the similarities and differences between the new series and the 1970s series; a photographic guide to filming locations and exclusive production shots.
Differences from the source material.
In the credits, the re-imagined series is said to be based on the 1976 novel by Terry Nation; however, there are a number of differences between the series and its source material. In the novel, Jenny Richards survives, whereas her counterpart in the 2008 series, Jenny Collins, does not; this means that Greg Preston and Jenny cannot have a child as the years unfold. Abby Grant still falls in love with Jimmy Garland; however in the book, he eventually dies from septicaemia.
There is a Tom Price in the 1970s novelisation and series. However, in the novelisation, he was a Welsh tramp who witnessed the climactic accidental killing of Abby Grant by her son, Peter. In the television series, he joined Abby's community.
There are no direct counterparts to Anya Raczynski, Najid Hanif and Al Sadiq in the book. Samantha Willis does not appear in the book, either, but her characterisation incorporates and parallels some of the personality and leadership ambitions of Arthur Wormley, a "ruthless former trade union leader," who establishes a paramilitary organisation called the National Unity Force which is responsible for Abby's community's eventual decision to leave Britain for the Mediterranean in the latter chapters of the novelisation.
At the end of the book, Peter Grant, who has joined a nomadic gang of feral adolescents, accidentally shoots and kills Abby, who he has not seen for the last four years. However, at the end of the current incarnation of "Survivors" Series 2, Peter shoots but doesn't kill Tom and Abby is finally reunited with Peter, without her accidental death.
Sarah Boyer is probably the closest character to her portrayal in the novelisation. Her companion was named Vic, not Bob and in the 1970s series, she was named Anne Tranter. Vic's fate is not revealed in the novelization, but it can be inferred that he starved to death. In the 2008 version Bob survives his initial abandonment. In the 1970s series, Anne (Sarah in the 2008 version) leaves during Episode 11 but in the 2008 version she dies from a mutated version of the virus.

</doc>
<doc id="18322206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322206" title="Ohio State Route 133">
Ohio State Route 133

State Route 133 (SR 133) is a north–south state highway in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. Its southern terminus is at its interchange with U.S. Route 52 near Felicity and its northern terminus is at its interchange with SR 350 in Clarksville.
History.
SR 133 was commissioned in 1923, between Chilo and Bethel. On the route of current SR 222 from Chilo to Felicity and its current route between Felicity and Bethel. In 1926 the highway was extended north to Owensville, passing through Williamsburg. The route was moved onto its current route south of Felicity in 1930, switching routes with SR 222. In that same year the route was extended north to Blanchester. In 1932 the highway was extended north to Clarksville.

</doc>
<doc id="18322233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322233" title="We Can't Go Home Again">
We Can't Go Home Again

"We Can't Go Home Again" is an experimental feature film directed by Nicholas Ray in collaboration with his film students at SUNY Binghamton. Ray and the students play fictionalized versions of themselves.
The film was the major project of the last decade of Ray's life, and he and his collaborators continuously re-edited it. Rough versions of the film were screened at festivals as early as 1972 (including a Cannes premiere in 1973), and the most well-known cut was completed in 1976. 
Ray was still making alterations to it at the time of his death in 1979.
Production.
In 1971, Nicholas Ray received an invitation to lecture at SUNY Binghamton's Harpur College, which had at the time just established a film department. This led to Ray being offered a two-year teaching position at the department, which had been founded by Larry Gottheim and the experimental filmmaker Ken Jacobs. Ray became close with his students, and together with them moved into a house off-campus where the group creating a filmmaking commune. There they began work on "We Can't Go Home Again", sharing all filmmaking duties.
The film was made using a wide variety of equipment and shooting formats, including Super 8, 16mm, 35mm and a video synthesizer which had been donated to the project by Nam June Paik.

</doc>
<doc id="18322235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322235" title="Lightpost">
Lightpost

Lightpost is the third extended play by Mt. Helium, formerly The Apex Theory. It was released as a digital download on January 16, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18322241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322241" title="Miditech Pvt. Ltd.">
Miditech Pvt. Ltd.

Miditech Pvt. Ltd. is a noted Indian television production company based in Gurgaon, Mumbai, and Bangalore, India. It was founded in 1992 by brothers, Niret Alva and Nikhil Alva and is today a Rs 50-crore television software company, and one of Asia's leading independent production companies.
The company creates documentaries and programming for television.

</doc>
<doc id="18322262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322262" title="Dolgoi Island">
Dolgoi Island

Dolgoi Island is the largest of the Pavlof Islands lying off the southwest coast of the state of Alaska in the United States. It has a land area of 107.4 km² (41.47 sq mi) and is uninhabited. All of the Pavlof Islands are part of Aleutians East Borough.

</doc>
<doc id="18322264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322264" title="Papal appointment">
Papal appointment

Papal appointment is the oldest method for the selection of the pope. Papal selection before 1059 was often characterized by appointment by secular European rulers or by their predecessors. The later procedures of the papal conclave are in large part designed to constrain the interference of secular rulers which characterized the first millennium of the Roman Catholic Church, and persisted in practices such as the creation of crown-cardinals and the "jus exclusivae". Appointment might have taken several forms, with a variety of roles for the laity and civic leaders, Byzantine and Germanic emperors, and noble Roman families. The role of the appointment vis-a-vis the general population and the clergy was prone to vary considerably, with the nomination carrying weight that ranged from near total to a mere suggestion or ratification of a prior election.
The institution has its origins in Ancient Rome, where on more than one occasion the emperor stepped in to resolve disputes over the legitimacy of papal contenders. An important precedent from this period is an edict of Emperor Honorius, issued after a synod he convoked to depose Antipope Eulalius. The power passed to (and grew with) the King of the Ostrogoths, then the Byzantine Emperor (or his delegate, the Exarch of Ravenna). After an interregnum, the Kings of the Franks and the Holy Roman Emperor (whose selection the pope also sometimes had a hand in), generally assumed the role of confirming the results of papal elections. For a period (today known as the "Pornocracy"), the power passed from the Emperor to powerful Roman nobles—the Crescentii and then the Counts of Tusculum.
In many cases, the papal coronation was delayed until the election had been confirmed. Some antipopes were similarly appointed. The practice ended with the conclusion of the Investiture Controversy (c.f. confirmation of bishops) due largely to the efforts of Cardinal Hildebrand (future Pope Gregory VII), who was a guiding force in the selection of his four predecessors, and the 1059 papal bull "In Nomine Domini" of Pope Nicholas II; some writers consider this practice to be an extreme form of "investiture" in and of itself. According to von Hase et al.:
Although the practice was forbidden by the Council of Antioch (341) and the Council of Rome (465), the bishops of Rome, as with other bishops, often exercised a great deal of control over their successor, even after the sixth century. Most popes from the fourth to twelfth century were appointed or confirmed by a secular power.
List of papal appointments.
Ostrogoths.
On November 22, 498, both Pope Symmachus and Antipope Laurentius were elected pope; both Byzantine Emperor Anastasius I and the Gothic King Theodoric the Great originally supported Laurentius, who was installed in the Lateran Palace, but Symmachus prevailed when Theodoric expelled Laurentius from Rome, fearing that he was too influenced by the Byzantine ruler.
Crescentii.
Crescentius the Elder, the brother of Pope John XIII, had previously deposed and had strangled Pope Benedict VI, and helped install Antipope Boniface VII in Rome in opposition to the imperial candidates, Pope Benedict VII and Pope John XIV, the latter of which perished in the Castel Sant'Angelo like Benedict V. Crescentius the Younger, the son of Crescentius the Elder, likely had a strong hand in the election of Pope John XV, although the details of that papacy are incomplete and disputed. However, it is known that Crescentius the Younger deferred to Otto III, Holy Roman Emperor for the choice of the successor of John XV: Pope Gregory V, Otto III's cousin. Yet, not long afterward, disputes with the emperor and Gregory V caused Crescentius the Younger to support Antipope John XVI, who was deposed with some difficulty by Otto III, who proceeded to have John XVI mutilated and Crescentius the Younger killed.
Three years later, after a revolt in Rome involving John Crescentius, the son of Crescentius the Younger, Otto III and Pope Sylvester II were expelled from Rome; the three successors of Sylvester II (who was later permitted to return to Rome) were appointed by John Crescentius before he died in the spring of 1012, nearly simultaneously with Sergius IV, allowing the Counts of Tusculum to displace the Crescentii.
Counts of Tusculum.
Unlike the Tusculan popes during the "Pornocracy", Benedict VIII, John XIX, and Benedict IX were the Count of Tusculum themselves immediately prior to their becoming pope. Benedict VIII subjugated the Crescentii and made peace with the Holy Roman Empire, crowning Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor on February 14, 1014, nearly two years after his accession to the papacy.

</doc>
<doc id="18322283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322283" title="Padrón (surname)">
Padrón (surname)

Padrón is a surname of Hispanic origin. Its origin is from the Galician town of Padrón. 
There are currently 4,729 people in Spain with the surname Padrón.

</doc>
<doc id="18322298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322298" title="Enrique Marcatili">
Enrique Marcatili

Enrique A. J. Marcatili (born 1 August 1925 in Córdoba, Argentina) is a retired Argentine-American physicist. Together with Stewart E. Miller and Tingye Li, all of Bell Laboratories in Holmdel Township, New Jersey, he was winner of the IEEE's Baker Prize in 1975. Marcatili has been described as "a pioneer in optical fiber research," and he is a member of the National Academy of Engineering.
Marcatili has been a resident of Rumson, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="18322301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322301" title="National Forest Scenic Byway">
National Forest Scenic Byway

The National Forest Scenic Byways are roads that have been designated by the U.S. Forest Service as scenic byways. Many are also National Scenic Byways The program was initiated in 1987, and since then the following byways have been designated:

</doc>
<doc id="18322304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322304" title="Faces (Mt. Helium album)">
Faces (Mt. Helium album)

Faces is the second studio album by Mt. Helium. Released as a digital download on June 3, 2008, it is the band's first release under their new name, having been formerly known as The Apex Theory.

</doc>
<doc id="18322319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322319" title="Jayne Trcka">
Jayne Trcka

Jayne Trcka is an amateur female bodybuilder and actress. 
Biography.
Jayne grew up in Saint Paul, Minnesota, with her family. She studied gymnastics and other sports in school. She started weight training after moving to southern California in 1986. By 1988, she was competing in bodybuilding shows. In 1998 she quit her job with the postal service to focus on a fitness career and became a certified personal trainer. She began her acting career in 2000 with "Scary Movie". Today she continues to perform in bodybuilding shows and to further her acting career.
Bodybuilding titles.
Jayne won first place at the 1997 California State Championships, the 1998 Junior Nationals, and 2004 The Los Angeles. She has top ten finishes in more than twenty other competitions.
Magazines.
Jayne has appeared in numerous muscle/fitness magazines, including "Flex", "MuscleMag International", "Women's Physique World", "Iron Man", and "Fighting Females".
References.
Clip:Telephone, Lady Gaga Telephone (song)

</doc>
<doc id="18322329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322329" title="María Linda River">
María Linda River

The Río María Linda is a river in southwest Guatemala. Its sources are located south of Lake Amatitlán in the department of Guatemala. It flows southwards through the coastal lowlands of Escuintla and Santa Rosa to the Pacific Ocean.
The María Linda river basin covers a territory of 2,727 km2.

</doc>
<doc id="18322363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322363" title="Andy Anderson (rower)">
Andy Anderson (rower)

Andy Anderson (born February 19, 1954) is a well knownRowing (sport) rower and rowing coach. He is a member of the National Rowing Hall of Fame and writes a column for "Rowing News". He was born in Syracuse, New York. He attended Trinity College of the United States of America. He is the author of the best selling rowing book "The Compleat Dr. Rowing". He currently works at Groton School in Groton, MA, where he coaches rowing and teaches Spanish. He has led numerous boats to both New England and National high school championships. In June 2011 his eight went on to win the Henley Women's Regatta, beating St. Paul's of the United States of America. He is married and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="18322365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322365" title="Gioia Marconi Braga">
Gioia Marconi Braga

Gioia Marconi Braga, daughter of Guglielmo Marconi, was the founder and chairwoman of the Marconi Foundation, now known as the Marconi Society.
Braga was a longtime resident of Alpine, New Jersey. Braga died in July 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18322386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322386" title="Janus Cornarius">
Janus Cornarius

Janus Cornarius ("ca." 1500 – March 16, 1558) was a Saxon humanist and friend of Erasmus. A gifted philologist, Cornarius specialized in editing and translating Greek and Latin medical writers with "prodigious industry," taking a particular interest in botanical pharmacology and the effects of environment on illness and the body. Early in his career, Cornarius also worked with Greek poetry, and later in his life Greek philosophy; he was, in the words of Friedrich August Wolf, “a great lover of the Greeks.” Patristic texts of the 4th century were another of his interests. Some of his own writing is extant, including a book on the causes of plague and a collection of lectures for medical students.
Life and career.
Details of the life of Cornarius are taken in large part from the Latin biography by Melchior Adam in "Vitae Germanorum medicorum" (“Lives of German Physicians,” 1620). Cornarius was born Johann or Johannes Hainpol, the son of a shoemaker, but adopted his fashionably Latinized name by the time he reached age 20. The toponymic "Zuiccaulensis" (“of Zwickau”) is sometimes added. His name may appear as Giovanni Cornario in Italian, Jano Cornario in Spanish, Jean Cornario in French, and Janus Kornar in German.
Cornarius began his education at the Latin school in his native Zwickau. He studied with Petrus Mosellanus at Leipzig, matriculating in 1517 and earning a bachelor of arts degree in 1518. He enrolled at the University of Wittenberg in 1519, where he earned a master’s degree (1521) and a license in medicine (1523). He thus would have been at Wittenberg when the Zwickau Prophets, an anti-authoritarian Anabaptist movement from his place of birth, attempted to seize power in 1521. They were successfully opposed and rendered ineffective by Martin Luther in 1522. That Cornarius condemned the Anabaptists is clear from his later book on plague, in which he argued that a particular epidemic in Westphalia was sent as punishment from God for their heretical activities.
After experiencing these political and spiritual upheavals, Cornarius set out on a “soul-searching journey” around Europe, visiting Livonia, Sweden, Denmark, England, and France. While he was looking for work, he settled for a time in Basel, where he gave lectures on Greek medicine at the University of Basel. There he began his efforts to restore the study of the Greeks, whose works, he believed, had been neglected during the Middle Ages in favor of Arab medical authorities. In 1527–28, he was a physician to Prince Henry of Mecklenburg. Returning to Zwickau in 1530, he established a medical practice and married the first of his two wives; she died not long after. With his second wife, he had four sons. For the remainder of his life he was a physician and professor of medicine as well as a prolific editor and translator.
Intellectual milieu.
Cornarius came to know the great humanist Desiderius Erasmus while living in Basel, and was encouraged by him to persist with his work in translating Greek texts into Latin; at the time, ancient Greek was little known, but Latin was still in living use as an international language among scholars for such purposes as letter-writing, informational or philosophical essays, and even some literary compositions. Erasmus wrote to him around the time Cornarius was resettling in Zwickau, addressing him as "ornatissime Cornari" ("oh-so-refined Cornarius"). Of his translation of Hippocrates, Erasmus effused, "The genius is there; the erudition is there, the vigorous body and vital spirit are there; in sum, nothing is missing that was required for this assignment, confronted happily, it would seem, despite its difficulty." The junior philologist was so pleased by Erasmus's many compliments in this letter that sixteen years later he proudly quoted from it in the introduction to his Latin version of Hippocrates. At the same time, his intellectual independence is indicated by his willingness to set aside the translations of Basil and Galen made by Erasmus in favor of his own.
His work as a philologist was not merely academic or text-oriented, but animated by a commitment to teaching. Melchior Adam wrote that Cornarius “tried to render the Greek physicians into Latin with a translation that was not vague and confusing, but lucid and fully articulated.” His goal, as Cornarius himself stated in his commentary on Dioscorides’ "De materia medica", was first to read and hear the author in Greek, and then through translation to enable his medical students to hear and read him in Latin. A scholar of Byzantine studies took a more dismissive view of Cornarius as one of the “Renaissance humanists, fully confident that dissemination of a revered classical text would better mankind’s lot,” motivated by “a contempt … for the brutish peasant and his slovenly practices.”
Like the physician and botanist Leonhart Fuchs, Cornarius devoted himself to reviving and perpetuating the classical tradition, seeking to restore both the texts and practice of Greek medicine, which they felt had been eclipsed during the medieval era by Avicennism; Cornarius did not, however, reject the study of Arabic texts and seems to have known the language. While Fuchs approached Galen’s work on medicinal plants as a methodology, Cornarius, grounded in philology, believed Dioscorides’ knowledge of plants resided in accurately capturing the original author’s voice and words, and the two engaged in a vigorous intellectual debate over the value of illustrations in books. With his sometime collaborator Andrea Alciati, Cornarius treated the "emblema" or image as a verbal construct, and in his index to Dioscorides refers to his own verbal description of a plant as a "pictura". In his commentary, Cornarius insisted that pictures were of no benefit to readers who had never seen a particular plant "vivam et naturalem" (“alive and in nature”), arguing that the static quality of an illustration was misleading, since plants change according to their environment. Thus he stated:
Works.
The majority of Cornarius's books were published through the printing house of Hieronymus Froben and Nicolaus Episcopius. For a thorough overview (in French), see Brigitte Mondrain, “Éditer et traduire les médecins grecs au XVIe siècle: L'exemple de Janus Cornarius,” in "Les voies de la science grecque: Études sur la transmission des textes de l'Antiquité au dix-neuvième siècle," edited by Danielle Jacquart (Paris 1997), pp. 391–417.
Cornarius's complete works were listed on the Index Librorum Prohibitorum, an index of books prohibited by the Roman Catholic Church promulgated the year after his death. As in the case of several other northern Protestant scholars, general content or scientific controversy was less at issue than religious conviction. Writing that could be regarded as anti-Catholic was held to contaminate other works that might be in and of themselves unobjectionable.
Works are listed below in chronological order of publication, except that editions and translations from the same author are grouped.
</div class="references-small">
Selected bibliography.
Allen, P.S. "Opus Epistolarum Des. Erasmi Roterodami." Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1934. Letter by Erasmus (in Latin) to Cornarius, vol. 8 (1529–1530), pp. 250–251, with commentary in English.
Bietenholz, Peter G., and Thomas B. Deutscher. "Contemporaries of Erasmus: A Biographical Register of the Renaissance and Reformation." University of Toronto Press, 2003. Entry on Cornarius, vol. 1, pp. 339–340.
Hieronymus, Frank. "Griechischer Geist aus Basler Pressen." Search ("Wortsuche") Cornarius for links to discussion (in German) of individual works published at Basel, with sample pages of the books in digital facsimile (retrieved July 6, 2008).
Kusukawa, Sachiko. “Leonhart Fuchs on the Importance of Pictures.” "Journal of the History of Ideas" 58 (1997) 403–427. On the intellectual debate between Fuchs and Cornarius, pp. 423–426.
Summa Gallicana. “Cornarius Janus — Haynpol Johann.” Discussion in Italian, with the Latin text of Melchior Adam’s "Vita" (retrieved June 21, 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="18322390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322390" title="Upper Class Recordings">
Upper Class Recordings

Upper Class Recordings is a Canadian independent record label founded in 2000 in Toronto. The electronic music-based Upper Class roster includes The Russian Futurists, Cadence Weapon, DVAS, Christien Summers and The Cansecos .
History.
Upper Class was born at the turn of the millennium; its first album release was the debut LP by The Russian Futurists - The Method Of Modern Love. Since 2000, Upper Class has released four albums by The Russian Futurists, two albums each by The Cansecos and Cadence Weapon and single albums by girlsareshort (Al-P from MSTRKRFT) and Food For Animals. UC Artists became known for making glorious albums in their bedrooms and ending up not just in the underground music media. but into the mainstream eyes of massive publications like The New York Times and The Guardian.
In 2006 Upper Class began a distribution partnership with EMI Music Canada
In 2010, Nettwerk One Music, the publishing arm of Vancouver's Nettwerk Music Group, announced that it is representing the publishing works of Upper Class Recordings worldwide.
The Upper Class label has become synonymous with the unique and exciting Canadian electronic music sound revolution. Lost At Sea Magazine describes, "Canadian label Upper Class has struck gold. Its roster seems to produce blissed-out electronic pop masterpieces like an assembly line"
Upper Class Recordings, through licensing partnerships, has seen its releases picked up by Anti-/Epitaph Records, Ninja Tune/Big Dada Recordings, Memphis Industries, and Cooperative Music.

</doc>
<doc id="18322395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322395" title="Bert Cadieu">
Bert Cadieu

Albert Charles (Bert) Cadieu (28 June 1903 – 31 October 1990) is a former Canadian politician. A member of the Progressive Conservative party, he represented the electoral district of Meadow Lake in the House of Commons from 1958 to 1972, and again from 1974 to 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18322397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322397" title="Wilton Mountain">
Wilton Mountain

Wilton Mountain, in Ouachita National Forest, is a summit in the Ouachita Mountains in Le Flore County, Oklahoma, approximately from U.S. Route 59 and approximately east of the Arkansas state line. Wilton Mountain is above mean sea level

</doc>
<doc id="18322417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322417" title="Heinz Schlaffer">
Heinz Schlaffer

Heinz Schlaffer studies German language and culture and is an emeritus Professor of Literary Science of the University of Stuttgart. He came out with particularly sensational essays like "Die kurze Geschichte der deutschen Literatur" (The Short History of German Literature). He is married to Hannelore Schlaffer.
Life.
Schlaffer received his first Literary Science Professorship at the Philipp's University - Marburg and changed to Stuttgart in 1975. He held the teaching position in that town from 1975 until his emeritus in 2004.
He published numerous Books, among others about "Lyrik im Realismus" (Poetry in Realism), "Der Bürger als Held" (The Townspeople as Heroes), aesthetic histories, Goethe's "Faust", "Poesie und Wissen" (Poetry and Knowledge), besides scientific writings like essays and literary criticisms in Tageszeitung.

</doc>
<doc id="18322432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322432" title="Columbus Free Press">
Columbus Free Press

The Columbus Free Press is an alternative journal published in Columbus, Ohio since October 11, 1970. This publication originally focused on anti-war and alternative culture issues. Although published monthly for most of its existence, it is now a weekly alternative newspaper, billing itself as "The only local newsweekly not owned by ""."
Early history.
The "Columbus Free Press" was the culmination of a string of attempts to launch an antiwar underground newspaper in Columbus, which included the "Free University Cosmic Cosmic", "Gregory", "Renaissance", and "Purple Berries". None of these efforts had survived for more than a few months. The "Free Press" (still alive in greatly altered form in its fortieth year) was founded by a large cast of volunteers including Steve Abbott, Bill and Sandi Quimby, Paul Ricciardi, Steve Conliff, Cheryl Betz, John Hunt, and Roger Doyle—with many others. The first issue, dated Oct. 21, 1970, was printed in a run of 2000 copies and sold for 15 cents.
References.
See p. 325-342.

</doc>
<doc id="18322439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322439" title="Griechischer Geist aus Basler Pressen">
Griechischer Geist aus Basler Pressen

Griechischer Geist aus Basler Pressen (“Greek Spirit at the Basel Press”) is an online catalogue of works which were originally written in Greek by ancient and patristic authors and which are among the holdings of the University of Basel’s library. It is based on Frank Hieronymus’s published catalogue (1992) of an exhibition by the same name, featuring more than 560 printed books from the 15th through the 17th centuries. It is a rich and sometimes unique source of information on the printers, editors, and commentators who flourished in and around Basel, including Hieronymus Froben, Heinrich Petri, and Desiderius Erasmus, and who contributed to the city’s vitality as a Renaissance center of humanism and publishing.
The online catalogue features some 3,500 digital facsimiles of pages from the works discussed, making it useful also to researchers with little or no ability to read German. A significant number of the books represent the first known or surviving translation into Latin of an ancient Greek text. Entries may be searched ("Wortsuche") by title or author, transliterated from Greek or in their latinized form.

</doc>
<doc id="18322445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322445" title="Bovet Fleurier">
Bovet Fleurier

Bovet Fleurier SA is a Swiss brand of luxury watchmakers chartered May 1, 1822 in London, U.K. by Édouard Bovet. It is most noted for its pocket watches manufactured for the Chinese market in the 19th century. Today it produces high-end artistic watches (priced between US$18,000 and $2.5 million) with a style that references its history. The company is known for its high-quality dials (such as the Fleurier Miniature Painting models), engraving, and its seven-day tourbillon. The original Bovet watches were also among the first to emphasize the beauty of their movements with skeletonized views and highly decorative movements. Bovet watches were also among the first to include a second hand while the company has a tradition of employing women artisans, which is rare for traditional watch making companies in Europe. Pascal Raffy is the current owner.
History.
Fleurier, home of Bovet.
Watch making was introduced to Fleurier by Daniel-Jean-Jacques-Henri Vaucher, an apprentice of Daniel Jaenrichard, in 1730. At the time the area was known for metal working, a natural result of the iron deposits discovered locally in the 15th century. Watchmaking flourished in and around Fleurier during the late 18th century but because production was sold on credit for the international markets, prices were undercut and economic destabilization brought about by the Napoleonic wars caused watch making in the area to decrease significantly. By the mid-19th century, Fleurier produced watches almost exclusively for the Chinese market while the municipality's current renown as a watch making centre is attributed to Bovet watches.
The founder.
Édouard Bovet (1797–1849) was the son of the watchmaker Jean-Frédéric Bovet. He studied the art with his father in Fleurier, but in 1814 left home for political reasons with two of his brothers, Alphonse and Frederic, to study watch making in London. After studying in the city for a few years with the firm of Messrs. Ilbury & Magniac, Magniac sent Bovet to Canton, China in 1818. Almost as soon as he arrived he was able to sell four of his watches for the equivalent of USD 1 million in 2008 currency.
The 19th century: Founding of the company and China.
The original Bovet company was founded in London in 1822 by Edouard Bovet for the purposes of manufacturing watches exclusively for the Chinese market. Some watch historians believe that the company was established in London due to the ease of shipping watches to China on the frequent ships of the East India Company. Edouard's brothers, Alphonse and Frederic, stayed in London to manage shipping; another brother, Charles-Henri, managed manufacturing in Fleurier, while Edouard developed the market in Canton.
Bovet was neither the first nor the last company to target the Chinese watch market. They shared it with Ilbury, Jaques Ullmann, and Vacheron Constantin, among others. Edouard Bovet discovered the potential of the Chinese market as a student of Ilbery in London, from whom he borrowed some design ideas. While from 1820 onwards Vacheron Constantin dominated the market in imperial northern China, Bovet remained market leader in the more populous south if the country. Although the 19th-century Chinese watch market was predated by a few Jesuit watch makers as early as the 15th century, by the early 19th century watch making in China had become of such a low quality that the new European watches were quickly appreciated.
Notwithstanding their high price, the popularity of Bovet watches in China meant that the company had to contract with other Swiss manufacturers such as Guinand to help them meet demand. Even though Juvet Fleurier also sold pieces in China, it was not uncommon to see Bovet pieces with a Juvet movement. In the 1830s Bovet established a manufacturing facility in Canton, but because of restrictions resulting from the Opium Wars, they had to close that facility and open a smaller one in Macau. It was about this time that the company created a Chinese name to more effectively market to the middle class. The Chinese name for Bovet, "Bo Wei", became a common noun for watches in China for many years.
The Chinese watch market collapsed around 1855 due to competition from France and the United States along with the tremendous number of Chinese-made counterfeits. By 1864 problems caused by the Opium War caused the Bovet family to sell their interest in the company. They sold the company to their manufacturing inspectors in Fleurier, Jules Jequier and Ernest Bobillier, who were soon joined by Ami Leuba.
As of 2013, watches made for the Chinese market by this manufacturer and others such as William Ilbery of London command hhigh prices as collectible art objects.
Into the 20th century: Beyond China.
After the virtual closure of the Chinese market, Bovet continued to manufacture pocket watches, though at a much reduced rate, and would frequently offer its manufacturing services on a contract basis to other watch companies. The Landry Freres purchased Bovet in 1888 but did not invest in it. In 1901, the Bovet trademark was sold at auction in Paris to Cesar and Charles Leuba, sons of Ami Leuba. Jacques Ullmann and Co., another successful produce of watches for the Chinese market, purchased the Bovet brand in 1918. After Jacques Ullmann went out of business in 1932, the Bovet name was acquired by Albert and Jean Bovet, who were successful watch makers and registered several patents for chronographs, such as the mono rattrapante—a device that would pause the second hand for a reading while the mechanism continued to run. The company Favre-Leuba purchased the name and manufacturing facilities from the Bovet brothers in 1948.
Favre-Leuba stopped producing Bovet branded watches in 1950, and then only manufactured its own branded watches from the facilities it acquired from the Bovet brothers. Favre-Leuba sold the Bovet brand and facilities in 1966 to a cooperative of individual watch makers.
The modern company.
In 1989, Parmigiani Fleurier purchased Bovet and registered the trademark for "all watchmaking products, mechanical watches and clocks and naval instruments, of Swiss origin", but no Bovet branded timepieces were produced. Parmigiani sold Bovet in 1990 to investors, and Bovet Fleurier SA was established. However, no watches were actually manufactured by the company until after it was acquired by Roger Guye and Thierry Ouelevay in 1994, who opened a branch office in Geneva.
The company was acquired by Pascal Raffy, its current president, on February 6, 2001. In June 2006, Mr. Raffy purchased several manufacturing structures, such as the STT group, which produced complicated watch movements, in order to obtain complete control over the quality of all phases of the watch crafting process. STT was renamed Dimier 1738 Manufacture de Haute Horlogerie Artisanale and went into a full restructuring over the next two years in order to bring the standards up to those of Bovet. The second purchase was a dial and precious gem setting manufacture located in Plan-les-Ouates in Geneva. The name was changed also from Valor, Lopez, et Villa to Dimier 1738 Manufacture Artisanale de Cadrans et de Sertissages. With the same philosophy as the movement factory, Mr. Raffy turned this factory into an artisan center providing dials for Bovet, Dimier's watch brand, and a select group of clients in luxury watchmaking. There are currently about 150 employees of Bovet Fleurier SA and the Dimier manufactures, and the company only produces under 2,000 watches a year. Some modern Bovet watches are fitted with mechanisms manufactured by Vaucher Manufacture, a company that also supplied watches to the Chinese market in the 19th century. Bovet spends very little to advertise and prefers to have private salons for clients instead of attending public fairs. About a third of the watches it manufactures are one-of-a-kind pieces that are made to order.
Watches.
Legacy of the Bovet style.
Bovet watches include much artistic detail, and the company gives the artisans a great deal of independence in creating the elements of the watches, thus encouraging creativity. The Chinese watches were originally sold in pairs in a mahogany box, both for good luck and so that the user would have a back-up watch if one needed repair, as repairs would sometimes take more than six months to complete. The design characteristics of the watch emphasized the elements which appealed to Chinese consumers. One of these appealing characteristics was the mechanics of clocks and watches, and so Bovet emphasized the beauty of the movements with its skeletonized views and highly decorative movements, the first watches to emphasize these characteristics in this way. For the same reason the watches were also among the first to include a second-hand. The enamel decorations were usually of European scenes or plant life, which made the watches more appealing to the Chinese consumers, since such images were as exotic to them as the European-made watches themselves.
The original Chinese Bovet watches often fetch more than USD 300,000 for the most decorative models, and more than USD 50,000 for the simpler ones. The simplest metal Chinese watches in moderate condition are usually sold for at least USD 500. Replicas have become increasingly common on the Internet, and while some are the counterfeits produced in China in the 19th century, some more modern counterfeits have also been seen, particularly in markets in Europe and on eBay.
The chronographs.
The Bovet branded watches sold by Bovet Freres in the early 1940s (and possibly as early as the 1930s) and by Favre-Leuba from 1948 to 1950 contained a number of ebauches, or blank movements manufactured by other companies. Initially the signature, or logo, on the dial of the Bovet Freres watches simply had the name of the company in a typical typeface, but in the early 1940s their watches had their stylized logo without the "Freres". When Favre-Leuba purchased the company, the stylized logo was replaced with simply "Bovet" in normal type, then with a stylized "Bovet". In the transition just before the Favre-Leuba watches no longer used the Bovet brand, watches assembled at the Bovet facility bore the name of both Favre-Leuba and Bovet.
The most commonly used ebauches during this period were those manufactured by Ebauches SA (now ETA, SA), namely the Valjoux and Landeron calibres. The 17 jewel Valjoux 84 lever movement with stem wind was the most common Valjoux movement for the Bovet chronographs, but sometimes the 77 calibre was also used. The Landeron movements were more varied, which included the 47, 48, 51, 57, 59, 80, 81 calibres, and for the rare date and moonphase models, the Landeron 186 was used. Most of the Bovet Freres watches contained Valjoux movements, while most of the Favre-Leuba watches contained Landeron movements. It has been said that the Valjoux were the better produced of the ebauches, indeed the best at the time, and that over time the Landeron became more common and cheap in quality, and it is said that the poor quality of the Landeron had a negative impact on the Bovet name. These chronographs were produced in large numbers, and are fairly commonly found on the internet for purchase. This was a commercial divergence in the Bovet identity which is unique in the Bovet history, as it is normally known for refined artistic pieces, and not utility.
The restoration of the Bovet style.
When the company began to make watches again in the 1990s it produced a unique style of watch which incorporated various elements of the pocket watch form in its construction, such as at the lugs, and won awards after its introduction in 1997. Most Bovet watches use this trademark style today. The watches are unique for their high-quality enameling (such as the Fleurier Miniature Painting models), engraving, and a seven-day self-winding tourbillon. Bovet watches are also unique for the company's tradition of employing women artisans, which is rare for traditional watch making companies in Europe. Some of the limited edition modern Bovet watches can cost more than USD 1 million, and the purchaser of such a watch is usually flown out to the manufacturing facility in Switzerland by the company to witness the production process and meet the artisans.

</doc>
<doc id="18322461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322461" title="Hercules X-1">
Hercules X-1

Hercules X-1 (Her X-1), also known as 4U1656+35, is a moderately strong X-ray binary source first studied by the Uhuru satellite. 
It is composed of a neutron star accreting matter from a normal star (HZ Her) probably due to Roche lobe overflow.
Intermediate-mass X-ray binary (IMXB).
Her X-1 is the prototype for the massive X-ray binaries although it falls on the borderline, ~2 M☉, between high- and low-mass X-ray binaries.
An intermediate-mass X-ray binary (IMXB) is a binary star system where one of the components is a neutron star or a black hole. The other component is an intermediate mass star.
Intensity.
The source exhibits complex time variability, pulsing with a period of 1.24 s due to the rotation of the neutron star, eclipsing every 1.70 days with the period of the binary orbit, and also varying with a 35-day period believed associated with the precession of the accretion disk. From observations, a twisted accretion disk, in retrograde precession, modulates the X-rays illuminating HZ Her and Earth.
The 1.24 second pulsar period associated with Her X-1 is immediately evident from the data. The sharp cut-off at ~24 keV in the flat spectrum observed for Her X-1 in this exposure provided the first reported evidence for radiative transfer effects to be associated with a highly magnetized plasma near the surface of a neutron star.
Discovery of Her X-1.
The actual announcement of the discovery of Hercules X-1 by Uhuru occurred at the 1971-72 Winter Meeting of the High-Energy Astrophysics Division AAS held in San Juan. The original discovery of this periodically pulsating binary X-ray source occurred in November 1971.
Location.
The position of Her X-1 was uncertain due to the failure of the Uhuru star aspect sensors, having been reported at J1950 RA 17h05m Dec 34°52' using Uhuru and at 16h56.7m Dec 35°35' using OSO 7. However, there is only one weak X-ray source (2U 1735+43) within 10° of Her X-1. But four radio sources: (1) RA 16h56m50.75s Dec 35°14'33±3" of a double point source separated by 17±2" and a stellar image 13±3" from the centroid, (2) RA 16h57m10.65s Dec 35°21'35±3" within 6±3" of the stellar image, (3) RA 16h57m35.72s Dec 35°15'19±3" with no star visible on the "Palomar Sky Survey" print, and (4) RA 16h58m39.17s Dec 35°10'53±3" were found near the overlap of Uhuru and OSO 7 positions. At that time the search could not discover the radio counterpart of Her X-1 if its radio emission were analogous to its 36-day periodic X-ray behavior, although there was no compelling astrophysical reason for the two fluxes to be correlated. The four sources above were observed during several eclipse phases of the X-ray star. No radio eclipses were detected that corresponded. At that time Doxsey specified that (1) repeated radio searches, especially during the high X-ray luminosity state of Her X-1, should be made and (2) there was a clear need for a better position determination for Her X-1.
In 1973, Bahcall and Bahcall determined that HZ Hercules had a light curve that matched Hercules X-1's, fixing Hercules X-1's position.

</doc>
<doc id="18322466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322466" title="Cardboard Tube Fighting League">
Cardboard Tube Fighting League

The Cardboard Tube Fighting League (CTFL) is a global organization that hosts cardboard tube based events in Seattle, Washington; San Francisco, California; and Sydney, Australia. The CTFL hosts tournaments and battles where cardboard tube fighters go head-to-head in an attempt to break their opponent's tube without breaking their own. The events also focus on cardboard costumes and theatrics. These events are often held at public parks throughout the summer, are open to everyone ages 5 and up, and emphasize fun over competition. Cardboard tubes are provided and all events are free for participants.
History.
The CTFL was started by Robert Easley in Seattle, Washington. Robert had childhood memories of hitting friends and family with cardboard tubes in mock sword fights. He came up with the idea of starting regular tournaments around the act of cardboard tube fighting. This idea comes from three core beliefs:
The CTFL conformed to these guidelines. After two months of planning, the first event was held in Seattle at Gas Works Park on July 22, 2007. The tournament had been the "pick of the week" in a local publication called "The Stranger". "The Stranger" is credited as being the driving force behind the early adoption of the CTFL by the public. This led to a number of blog posts and radio interviews. The first event drew over 40 people and was described as "fun" by a majority of those who attended. For the remainder of the summer, events were held in Seattle. During this time, the league started battles: two groups dueling until one team no longer had any usable tubes. By the end of the summer of 2007, the CTFL spread to San Francisco; by the end of the summer of 2008, CTFL spread to Sydney, Australia. Also, Newmindspace put on a 1200 cardboard tube lightsaber jedi battle.
Active Branches.
Cardboard Tube Fighting League Seattle, USA
Started on July 22, 2007 by Robert Easley all CTFL events are held at Gas Works Park in Seattle, Washington. The Seattle chapter is now run collectively by Colin Knight and Ravin Pierre. Events continue during the summer and usually range between 30 to 50 participants. Regulation tubes are generally 1.5 inches in diameter, 36 inches in length, and .045mm thick.
Cardboard Tube Fighting League San Francisco, USA
Started on October 28, 2007 by Robert Easley. Events are held throughout the summer and usually range between 40 to 64 participants. Regulation tubes are generally 1.5 inches in diameter, 36 inches in length, and .045mm thick. The San Francisco branch of the CTFL was the first to incorporate a children's league into the tournament.
Cardboard Tube Fighting League Sydney, Australia 
Started on April 5, 2008 by Dan Gilmore, the first event gained world wide attention and attracted large numbers of participants. 
Washington DC
According to Wonkette, a DC gossip blog, a Cardboard Tube Fighting Tournament was held in Washington DC at the National Mall on July 26, 2008 by Ravin Pierre. The DC did not have an active branch at this time. 
Cardboard Tube Fighting League Bristol, UK
This fledgling but enthusiastic cadre of cardboard cavaliers was begun on January 7, 2009 & already has big plans for the future. You can contact the organisers via their Facebook group.
Event Types.
Tournament
CTFL tournaments generally range between 24 to 64 participants and have a multi-stage tournament structure. During the first and second rounds, participants must use the same tube. After the second round, new tubes are issued. Sometimes tournament organizers participate to even out the number of participants. Also, three person chaos bouts are not uncommon. Tournaments can run anywhere from 30 minutes to several hours. 
Battle
A CTFL battle is different from a tournament because there is only a shared victory. Participants are given tubes and colored markers designating their team. When the battle begins, participants attempt to break the opposing team's tubes. In a battle, a tube is considered broken if it is completely unraveled or severed completely. The last team with intact tubes win. Cardboard armor is allowed in battles and participants with the best costumes are rewarded with prizes. Sometimes CTFL battles are accompanied by live music in the form of bagpipes.
Rules.
The CTFL focuses on keeping rules simple so that events are as low barrier as possible. The commonly observed rules in the CTFL are:
Prizes.
The CTFL offers "Legendary Cardboard Tubes" as prizes for their tournaments. These tubes are often associated with a historical or mythical weapon. Some prizes of note include: Thor's Hammer, d'Artagnan's Saber, Heaven's Will, and the Suffusca Mors. At times, the CTFL has also offered official t-shirts with the slogan "training elite militias of cardboard tube wielding ninjas". A large majority of participants have claimed CTFL grand prizes.

</doc>
<doc id="18322470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322470" title="Music to Raise the Dead 1972–1998">
Music to Raise the Dead 1972–1998

Music to Raise the Dead 1972–1998 is the 19th release from American Christian rock band Resurrection Band, released in July 2008 through Grrr Records. The box-set includes three CDs with 52 digitally re-mastered songs, an 80-page full-color booklet detailing the history of Rez Band with scores of photos, and one DVD with over an hour of previously unreleased live concert video footage and special features.

</doc>
<doc id="18322481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322481" title="Valdir Espinosa">
Valdir Espinosa

Valdir Ataualpa Ramirez Espinosa, usually known as Valdir Espinosa (born October 7, 1947 in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian football (soccer) manager.

</doc>
<doc id="18322488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322488" title="Lukas Kruse">
Lukas Kruse

Lukas Kruse (born 9 July 1983 in Paderborn) is a German footballer and current goalkeeper for SC Paderborn 07.
Career.
Kruse signed with FC Augsburg in February 2009 after it was revealed that an injury to second choice goalkeeper Vasily Khomutovsky was to rule him out for the remainder of the season. On 20 April 2010, he announced his return to SC Paderborn 07, leaving FC Augsburg after one year.

</doc>
<doc id="18322494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322494" title="Seven Antonopoulos">
Seven Antonopoulos

Chris Antonopoulos) is Greek-American rock drummer, most notably for his tenure in
Opiate for the Masses.
Career.
Antonopoulos joined the Los Angeles hard rock band Opiate for the Masses as a drummer in 2004. In 2006, he toured with the Revolting Cocks. On 3 November 2008, he left Opiate for the Masses and joined the German bands Atrocity and Leaves' Eyes. After his resigns on 27 March 2010 with Atrocity.
Seven describes his approach to the drums as "the idea of putting on a show as well as having fun and playing.
Equipment.
Drums-PDP and DW (PDP is actually owned by Drum Workshop)
Cymbals-Sabian
Drumheads-Aquarian
Drumsticks-Vic Firth
Personal life.
Antonopoulos became fast friends with Ministry’s Al Jourgensen and is married to Anna Kjellberg who also played in his former band Opiate for the Masses.

</doc>
<doc id="18322505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322505" title="Commentary (philology)">
Commentary (philology)

In philology, a commentary is a line-by-line or even word-by-word explication usually attached to an edition of a text in the same or an accompanying volume. It may draw on methodologies of close reading and literary criticism, but its primary purpose is to elucidate the language of the text and the specific culture that produced it, both of which may be foreign to the reader. Such a commentary usually takes the form of footnotes, endnotes, or separate text cross-referenced by line, paragraph or page.
Means of providing commentary on the language of the text include notes on textual criticism, syntax and semantics, and the analysis of rhetoric, literary tropes, and style. The aim is to remove, lessen or point out linguistic obstacles to reading and understanding the text.
If a text is historical, or is produced within a culture assumed to be of limited familiarity to a reader, a broader range of issues may require elucidation. These include, but are by no means limited to, biographical data pertaining to the author, historical events, customs and laws, technical terminology and facts of daily life, religious beliefs and philosophical perspectives, literary allusions, geographical settings, and cross-references to related passages in the same work, other works by the author, or sources used by the author.
Some commentaries from Classical Antiquity or the Middle Ages (more strictly referred to as scholia) are a valuable source of information otherwise unknown, including references to works that are now lost. Jerome provides a list of several commentaries that were in use during his days as a student in the 350s A.D. One of the most used of the ancient scholia today is that of Servius on Vergil’s "Aeneid", written in the 4th century.
The production of commentaries began to flourish in the 16th century as part of the humanist project to recover the texts of antiquity, with its related boom in publishing. In the modern era, a commentary differs from an annotated edition aimed at students or the casual reader in that it attempts to address an exhaustive range of scholarly questions, many of which may be of concern or interest primarily to specialists. The commentator may take a position on variant readings of the text or on a point of scholarly dispute, but arguments are usually succinct, a paragraph or less than a page in length.

</doc>
<doc id="18322531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322531" title="Life in Action">
Life in Action

Life in Action is a book by Fernando Espuelas, published by Penguin Books in 2004, as an auto-biographical and philosophical story using Espuelas' experiences from childhood in Uruguay, through his early years in the United States, to the founding of Starmedia, the first Latin portal and VOY, as a real-life context for his personal philosophy of self-actualization. The fundamental message of the book is that success cannot be measured in wealth, power, or fame. Success and happiness come from looking inside ourselves to discover who we genuinely are, and what we truly need, in order to find "true" happiness. And then striving to live the best life that we can: for our loved ones, our community, and ourselves.
Background.
"Life in Action" describes Espuelas' philosophy of introspection and subsequent analysis as the catalyst for action; he summarizes these ideas with the Spanish word "voy" ("I go"). "Life in Action" describes how to visualize success and work toward it every day. Espuelas' twelve principles are inspired by his own life and the lives of historical icons, from such diverse figures as Winston Churchill and Mahatma Gandhi to Martin Luther King Jr. and Nelson Mandela, who have used their powers of vision, optimism, persistence, honesty, and courage to overcome obstacles like fear, doubt, and prejudice.
A historian who is one of the original Internet's innovators, according to media, historians and academicians, Espuelas in known throughout the Latin world as a visionary for predicting that the Internet would revolutionize and begin to "re-unify" Latin America.
"Time" and CNN named Espuelas as one of the “Leaders of the Millennium”, and he was recognized as a “2000 All-Star” business leader by Crain's New York Business magazine. The World Economic Forum includes him among its "Global Leaders of Tomorrow," and he was also a recipient of "Latin Trade Magazine"'s Bravo Award, being named "CEO of the Year" by the magazine. "Hispanic Business magazine" gave Espuelas its Hispanic Entrepreneur Award in 2000. He received a "New York" Award in 1999. Espuelas has been named to the "power-list" of such diverse media as "The Hollywood Reporter", "The Industry Standard", "Latino Leaders Magazine", "Red Herring Magazine", "Silicon Alley Reporter", "Hispanic Business Magazine", CNN, "Upside Magazine" and "Hispanic Magazine". In 2007, Espuelas was named a Henry Crown Fellow at the Aspen Institute.
In 2008, Espuelas created a drivetime, daily bilingual talkshow broadcast on the Univision Radio Network, and online at espuelas.com A first for Univision, the leading Spanish-language media company in the United States, Espuelas' national show is broadcast in English. In 2012, the "The Fernando Espuelas Show" was re-launched as part of the new Univision America Network. He also appears frequently as a commentator on television and in print.

</doc>
<doc id="18322534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322534" title="St. John's Greek Orthodox Church (Omaha, Nebraska)">
St. John's Greek Orthodox Church (Omaha, Nebraska)

St. John the Baptist Greek Orthodox Church is located at 602 Park Avenue in Midtown Omaha, Nebraska. The original congregation was formed in 1907 to meet the needs of Omaha's then-burgeoning Greek community. The current building is a city landmark that was originally constructed in 1908 for Omaha's Temple Israel, and was sold to the St. John's parish in 1951.
History.
After large scale immigration to Omaha starting at the turn of the 20th century, in 1908 Omaha's Greeks built Saint John's Greek Orthodox Church at 16th and Martha Streets in South Omaha. The parish finalized the purchase of the former Temple Israel on December 16, 1951. The new church was occupied in 1953 and the original church was sold. The Right Reverend Bishop Ezekiel of the Chicago Diocese officiated the consecration of the new home of Saint John the Baptist parish on May 4, 1958. 
The new building was designed by noted Omaha architect John Latenser, Sr. and built in 1908. Omaha's only Byzantine-style architecture Christian church in the city. When the parish celebrated its 100th anniversary in June 2008, Omaha-native film director and Oscar-winner Alexander Payne participated in festivities. "When you see the beauty of the church, you see why people would never want to leave it," Payne said of the church, where he served as an altar boy.

</doc>
<doc id="18322558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322558" title="1951 Campeonato Profesional">
1951 Campeonato Profesional

The 1951 Campeonato Profesional was the 4th season of Colombia's top-flight football league. 18 teams compete against one another and played each weekend. The tournament was notable for being the third year of El Dorado. Millonarios won the league for 2nd time in its history after getting 60 points. Deportes Caldas, the defending champion, was 10th with 34 points.
Background.
The tournament was the third year of El Dorado. The debutants teams were Deportes Quindío and Deportivo Samarios, while Atlético Municipal changed its name to Atlético Nacional.
Deportivo Samarios was founded by the squad of the Hungária FC when it was disbanded. The first team consisted in 10 Colombians, 8 Hungarians, 2 Yugoslavs, 1 Austrian, 1 Argentine, 1 Italian and 1 Romanian. In August 11, Universidad appointed the poet León de Greiff as executive of the team.
Final standings.
Top goalscorers.
Source: RSSSF.com Colombia 1951

</doc>
<doc id="18322560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322560" title="Head of the State (album)">
Head of the State (album)

Head of the State is the second album released by rap group, Cali Agents. It was released on March 9, 2004 for Pockets Linted Entertainment and was produced by Champ!, Vin Roc, Superflexxxx, Richness, Brisk One and Architect.

</doc>
<doc id="18322564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322564" title="Richard Southam">
Richard Southam

Richard Russell Southam (January 26, 1907 – August 26, 1994) was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the Canadian House of Commons. He represented the riding of Moose Mountain then the newly created riding of Qu'Appelle—Moose Mountain, Saskatchewan. June 1957, Southam lost to Edward George McCullough in the Moose Mountain riding. March 31, 1958, he represented Moose Mountain, retaining leadership through the June 18, 1962, April 8, 1963, and November 8, 1965 general elections.

</doc>
<doc id="18322625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322625" title="Geology of Andorra">
Geology of Andorra

Andorra is located in the "Axial Zone" of the central Pyrenees mountain range in south western Europe. This means that it has intensely folded and thrusted rocks formed when the Iberian peninsula was rotated onto the European continent.
Rocks from the Cambrian or Ordovician occur in the form of conglomerate, limestone, phyllite, quartzite, and slate. Diapirs of slate from the Silurian Period are found in the Llavirsi syncline near Bixessarri in the south west. Gneiss and schist are found in the cores of anticlines in the north east of the country. This gneiss contains muscovite. The antiforms are connected with near horizontal shear zones, containing nappes of metamorphosed sediments. Younger overlying Paleozoic metamorphosed sediments found over most of Andorra have also been steeply folded.
In the south east of the country is an alkaline granite from a batholith called Mt-Louis-Andorra Batholith. It extends into Spain and covers an area of 600 km2. Different rock composition zones occur with monzogranite found at the centre, quartz diorite at the edge and granodiorite in intermediate parts. The batholith has caused metamorphism on its western edge. The base of the batholith is exposed in the east of Andorra.
In the Central and Eastern Pyrenees, which includes Andorra, no fossils older than the Ordovician Caradoc 450–460 million years ago have been found.
Glaciation.
Andorra was extensively glaciated during the Quaternary; glaciers flowed down all of the major valleys of Andorra, merging into one large glacier at Escaldes-Engordany, which in the coldest stage reached as far south as Pont de la Fontaneda near Santa Coloma. Andorra has numerous glacial erosional features, including U-shaped valleys, cirques, arêtes, and roche moutonnées. Examples of cirques include the Cirque de Pessons in the east, Llac de Tristaina in the northwest, and the two cirques at approximately 2400 m elevation on Pic de Casamanya (2740 m). Santa Coloma has a glacial terminal moraine.

</doc>
<doc id="18322672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322672" title="Pomponio State Beach">
Pomponio State Beach

Pomponio State Beach is a state beach of California in the United States. It is located south of Half Moon Bay off California State Route 1.
This coastal strip lies between Pescadero and San Gregorio State Beaches. It is made up of several miles of sloping, sandy beaches and a small lagoon below high sandstone bluffs. Fauna in the area includes 
A parking lot and a picnic area are available for public use during the day. There are hiking trails and beach access. No camping is available. Dogs and campfires are not permitted on the beach.
The beach was named after José Pomponio Lupugeym, a Native American outlaw.

</doc>
<doc id="18322687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322687" title="Apinan Poshyananda">
Apinan Poshyananda

Apinan Poshyananda was born in Bangkok, Thailand in 1956. He is one of the most renowned curators and art writers in the Asian region.
Biography.
Education.
Poshyananda received an MFA degree from Edinburgh University, and a PhD in art history from Cornell University.
Career.
Poshyananda is now Director-General, Department of Cultural Promotion, the Ministry of Culture, and professor at the Faculty of Fine and Applied Arts, Chulalongkorn University. Before joining the Ministry of Culture, he was the chief curator of the Art Center of Academic Resources, Chulalongkorn University.
Contribution to Contemporary Art.
Poshyananda eagerly promotes Thai contemporary artists by sending them overseas to participate in such major international art exhibitions. With his expertise in art and culture, as well as his great contribution to the art world, he then became an internationally-recognized curator.
In 2001, Poshyananda was awarded the Outstanding National Research Award by the National Research Council of Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="18322703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322703" title="Spoke in Tongue">
Spoke in Tongue

Spoke in Tongue is the third EP released by VoKee.

</doc>
<doc id="18322715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322715" title="White Watson">
White Watson

White Watson (1760–1835) was an early English geologist, sculptor, stonemason and carver, marble-worker and mineral dealer. In common with many learned people of his time, he was skilled in a number of artistic and scientific areas, becoming a writer, poet, journalist, teacher, botanist and gardener as well as a geologist and mineralogist. He kept extensive diaries and sketchbooks of his observations on geology, fossils and minerals, flora and fauna, and published a small but significant and influential number of geological papers and catalogues. As an artist he was well known locally for his silhouettes, both on paper and as marble inlays.
Life 1760–1800.
Watson was born at Whitely Wood Hall, Whiteley Woods, near Sheffield, on 10 April 1760. His father was Samuel Watson, a millstone manufacturer of Baslow, Derbyshire, his mother Martha White (which is from where his unusual first name derives). Watson's great-grandfather, Samuel Watson, and his grandfather, also Samuel Watson, had been sculptors and stonemasons engaged on the re-building of Chatsworth House between 1687 and 1706. Continuing the family tradition, in later years White Watson would also work for the Chatsworth Estate.
Whilst still a child, Watson became interested in minerals and fossils, and began his own collection as well as providing specimens for sale in his uncle's shop. His uncle, Henry Watson, had been a marble sculptor in Bakewell and Ashford-in-the-Water since the early 1750s, and he built and owned the water-powered marble mill in Ashford-in-the-Water. Henry Watson was largely responsible for founding the trade in the local Blue John fluorite and Ashford Black Marble, and provided the magnificent black and white marble flooring for the Great Hall at Chatsworth House in 1779. On leaving Sheffield School at the age of 14, White Watson went to live with his uncle, and was apprenticed to him on 31 May 1774. According to his own catalogue, now preserved in Sheffield Library, he formally began his collection of fossils and marbles the same year. By 1782 he was advertising his trade as a sculptor and engraver, and helping his uncle to run the business.
Possibly inspired by geologist John Whitehurst's 1782 diagrams of statigraphic sections in the Matlock area of Derbyshire, in 1785 Watson presented Whitehurst with a diagrammatic 'Tablet', 'A Section of a Mountain in Derbyshire', made from samples of the rocks themselves. This innovative method of display not only showed an early understanding of the new science of geological strata but also formed the first attempt at documenting the stratigraphical structure of Derbyshire as a whole as opposed to the structure of specific localities as Whitehurst had. Over the course of his life, Watson would produce about 100 such tablets, accompanied with explanatory leaflets, and his papers contain sketches for considerably more. Unfortunately most of these tablets are now untraceable, although around fifteen are known to still survive.
Henry Watson died in 1786, and the Ashford-in-the-Water business was then sold. From here on, White Watson became a finisher of marble—for many years a considerable part of his business continued to be gravestones and monumental church marbles—and a fossil and mineral specimen dealer from his own premises in Bakewell which he maintained as a shop and museum for his collection until his death. It was White Watson who was chiefly responsible for the popular commercialisation of works produced in Ashford Black Marble, a limestone impregnated with bitumen to give it its sleek blackness.
In the early 1790s Watson collaborated with William Martin (1767–1810) on an illustrated catalogue of Derbyshire's Carboniferous Limestone fossils. Watson had been unsuccessfully attempting to raise funding for such a publication since 1790, and produced a one-page ' "Prospectus of a Catalogue and Description of Derbyshire Fossils" ' outlining the proposal (now in Sheffield Central Library) that year (a second prospectus on the theme, in conjunction with Martin, dates from 1792). However, after they began working together on the project and managed to raise the necessary funds to publish, Martin began to produce installments on his own from 1793, using Watson's text contributions and his accompanying plates with virtually no credit given. As a result, the pair eventually fell out, and Martin re-published the series under his own name as Volume I of "Petrificata Derbiensia" in 1809 without giving any credit to Watson at all.
Watson was elected a Fellow of the Linnean Society in 1795, and remained a member until his death. He was also a member of the Derby Philosophical Society from 1800, nominated by Georgiana, the Duchess of Devonshire, and a member of the British Mineralogical Society.
In 1798 he remodelled a grotto in the Chatsworth House grounds into a crystal cave studded with fossils, at a cost of £110 19s. "(the current grotto is a later construction from the 1830s and not Watson’s work). Following this, he continued to work for the Chatsworth Estate. Originally contracted for five weeks between April and June 1799 to catalogue and arrange the important mineral collection begun by Georgiana, Duchess of Devonshire, then partly housed in Chiswick, he also arranged the mineral collection of Lady Henrietta of Bessborough (Georgiana's sister) in Cavendish Square at the same time.
Life 1800–1835.
Watson was then commissioned in 1804 to work on the rest of Georgiana's collection, the Chatsworth Mineral Collection, adding a considerable number of items during this time and further refining his understanding of the different types of rock and minerals and their relationships. By this time, Watson was something of a celebrity in natural history circles, and often received visitors to his collection at The Bath House in Bakewell, where he also lived and acted as superintendent for the Baths. One of these visitors, J. Hunter wrote of Watson in his "Collectiana Hunteriana" (1804): "Mr Watson was rather below the middle stature with a pug face, is a bachelor and takes his glass of spirits and water at the Inn in Bakewell every evening." Other notable visitors, correspondents and purchasers of specimens or collections over the years included Lord Denman, Sir Joseph Banks, William Buckland, Erasmus Darwin and James Sowerby, as well as the notable French mineralogist Alexandre Brongniart.
In 1808 Watson married Ann Thorpe, aged 29, from Buckminster, Leicestershire, who was a relative of Sir Isaac Newton. Earlier the same year he produced a tablet showing a detailed cross-section of the stratigraphy of Derbyshire on a line from Buxton to Bolsover, which he presented to the Duke of Devonshire on 20 February 1808. From 1810 Watson made a number of tablets of this section, largely on a scale of 1/2 inch to a mile or one inch to a mile, and based on these published an important early work on the geology of Derbyshire, "The Delineation of the Strata of Derbyshire", in 1811. Despite being designed during an early and somewhat primitive stage of the science of geology, it is remarkable how accurate these sections were, describing a sequence of 36 stratigraphical levels in Derbyshire rocks with a lengthy fold-out cross-section of almost the entire width of Derbyshire. By then, Watson's tablets, sketches and notes clearly show that Watson was aware of and in agreement with Abraham Werner's theories of geology and classification of rocks, and "The Delineation" includes some discussion on Werner's theories. Watson's personal papers from 1800 included "A catalogue of a systematic collection of fossils arranged according to Mr Werner's system".
A number of other sections along different lines across Derbyshire were published between 1813 and 1831, together with numerous localised geological sections of peaks and cliffs such as Mam Tor. An 1813 pamphlet 'Section of Strata in the Vicinity of Matlock Bath', argued against John Farey (1766–1826), a contemporary surveyor and geologist who had produced a geological map, "A General View of the Agriculture and Minerals of Derbyshire", early in 1811 (prior to Watson's "Delineation'). Working independently and with little other information other than what they themselves had observed, Watson and Farey disagreed considerably over the details of the geological structure of Derbyshire, and Watson correctly realised that the Derbyshire mountain landscapes were caused by underground volcanic action as opposed to Farey's assertion that they were formed by "satellite attraction from above". However, any friction over personal theories or accusations by Farey of appropriation of ideas did not preclude their discussing their findings during a number of meetings in Bakewell around 1811. 
In 1825, the year of Ann's death, Watson's business card stated he "executes monuments, tombs etc., gives lessons in geology and mineralogy and furnishes collections, affords information to antiquaries and amusement to Botanists". Probably in the same year, Watson produced an unusual circular stratigraphical diagram "A DELINEATION of the ten deepest STRATA as yet discovered in the MINERAL DISTRICTS of DERBYSHIRE". In this the geological strata are arranged in near-concentric circles outwards from the oldest rocks towards the centre to youngest rocks at points around the edge marked with the different place names in Derbyshire where the strata had been noted. These points lay at different distances from the centre according to the complexity of the stratification at that point. 
Later in his life, Watson designed improvements for Bakewell Baths, his residence, for the Duke of Rutland, who wanted to establish Bakewell as a fashionable spa town. Although this project ultimately failed, Watson was responsible for the Bath Gardens which were laid out in the town as part of the scheme, and these layouts largely survive today.
Despite all his works, Watson was always in debt, and he died still struggling to pay his bills by selling much of his fossil collection. As Ford notes of his still-surviving cash ledger from 1796–1833, "if the entries really are a complete record of his income and expenditure he was often close to bankruptcy!"
White Watson died in Bakewell on 8 August 1835, and is buried in Bakewell churchyard. He had no children.
Surviving works.
His collections were broken up and sold on his death. However, examples of his marble and limestone work survive in the tomb of the Foljambe family at Bakewell Church, a plaque at St George's Chapel, Windsor for George III from 1789 and the known remaining geological tablets. His tablets of 'A Section of a Mountain in Derbyshire' and 'A Section of the curious curvilinear Strata at Ecton Hill' are now in Derby Museum, as are a number of others.
Other surviving tablets, including contemporaneous copies of the ones in Derby Museum, are in the British Museum (Natural History), London, Oxford University Museum, Chatsworth House, Manchester Museum and Leicester Museum. Watson's manuscript catalogue of the Chatsworth Mineral Collection is still kept at Chatsworth House, together with many of the specimens he provided for the collection. Despite years of neglect, the collection itself, including many of Watson's own specimens, has been largely restored at Chatsworth House after over 10 years of painstaking restoration by the Russell Society. "A Catalogue of the External Characters of Fossils, by White Watson F.L.S. Bakewell, Derbyshire. 1798", found during this restoration work, is also held by Chatsworth House. His diaries from 1780–1831 are in the Bagshawe Collection in Sheffield City Library, together with his fossil catalogues. Other private papers, notes and sketches, together with much material for but extra to published volumes, are held in Sheffield Library and Derby Library, and an album of preparatory silhouettes from 1806 is also in Derby Library.
Publications.
An incomplete list of published work other than the accompanying explanations for sections and maps:
References.
"all other references from:

</doc>
<doc id="18322730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322730" title="Oakbank, Scotland">
Oakbank, Scotland

Oakbank is a suburb of Perth, Scotland. It is located to the west of the city centre at .

</doc>
<doc id="18322738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322738" title="Cambodian Acid Survivors Charity">
Cambodian Acid Survivors Charity

The Cambodian Acid Survivors Charity (CASC) is a non-profit, non-governmental and non-religious organization located in Cambodia, Phnom Penh, committed to empowering and supporting survivors of acid burns and eliminating acid violence through legal reform and preventative education.
Introduction.
The Cambodian Acid Survivors Charity (CASC) was established in 2006 by its sister organization, The Children's Surgical Centre (CSC), in response to a growing number of acid burn survivors accessing the center for treatment. It was perceived that the extensive and unique treatment needs presented by survivors of acid burns required a separate organization dedicated to meeting the physical, emotional, social and economic needs of survivors. CASC is the only organization in Cambodia dealing exclusively with the issues of acid burns and acid attacks. Using a holistic approach, CASC works at several different levels to support and empower survivors of acid burns, as well as towards the elimination of acid violence altogether. CASC is an INGO registered in the US out of Alaska, under AK Entity number 110501. In Cambodia, CASC is registered with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation, as well as the Ministry of Health.
Services.
CASC services include:
1.Surgical, medical, and psychological treatment
2.Vocational training and social reintegration projects 
3.Legal assistance and advocacy for legal reform 
4.Awareness raising, research, education and advocacy to eliminate acid violence altogether 
The four petals in the CASC logo reflect the different aspects of CASC’s work.
All CASC services are free of charge.
Activities.
Since CASC's formation in 2006, it has been providing survivors of acid attacks with shelter, occupational training, educational funding, specialist surgery, physiotherapy and psychological counseling, both on an individual and group basis. In an attempt to curb social marginalization and keep survivors connected after leaving CASC, a monthly Acid Burn Survivors Support Group was established. 
CASC also runs several social reintegration projects for survivors. One CASC project trained four survivors as masseurs and opened a massage parlor, Kanya Massage, as a means of providing the survivors with a skill, work experience and an income. In addition, CASC runs a scheme entitled ‘babs', or bags by acid burn survivors, where survivors (some of them blinded by the acid) are trained to crochet bags that are then retailed by CASC on their behalf. CASC also continues its partnership with CSC, enabling its survivors to have access to vital medical services.
In the case of acid attacks, Chrac mentioned that roughly one-quarter of acid burn victims are injured accidentally, and, contrary to popular belief, fewer than 10 percent of acid attacks are fuelled by love triangles. 

</doc>
<doc id="18322739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322739" title="To the Bone (The Kinks album)">
To the Bone (The Kinks album)

To the Bone is a 1994 album by English rock group The Kinks. It was the band's final release before their breakup in 1996.
Included are concert recordings plus live-in-studio acoustic reworkings of other songs, a popular trend in the 1990s among established acts due to MTV's "Unplugged". In 1996, an expanded double CD-version with 29 tracks was released. Two tracks on the shorter UK issue, "Waterloo Sunset" and "Autumn Almanac", were omitted from the double-disc US version.
Track listing - 1994 UK release.
All songs by Ray Davies, except as noted.
Track listing - 1996 US release.
All songs by Ray Davies, except as noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18322743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322743" title="Lorenzo Smith">
Lorenzo Smith

Lorenzo Smith (born May 23, 1972) is an American singer-songwriter.
Biography.
Lorenzo Smith was born on May 23, 1972 in Havana, Florida. As a child, he sang in the churches and was an avid listener of Michael Jackson, El Debarge, James Brown and Sam Cooke. In high school, Lorenzo was active and competed in sports, a fact reflected by his strong build.
In 1990, Lorenzo put out his first album, "Let Me Show You". The album was released with Alpha International through CEMA Records. Today, the album is difficult to find any mention of despite the fact that it scored two charting singles. The album's title track reached #64 on the R&B charts, while the album's other single "Tic Tok" reached #41. The music video for the third single "Angel" is notable for having an early appearance from Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes prior to forming TLC. 
Instead, many places mark Lorenzo's career with his self-titled sophomore effort, "Lorenzo". The album is his best-selling to date. It scored an early hit with "Real Love" which reached #6 on the R&B charts, and followed up with "Make Love 2 Me" and "I Can't Stand The Pain." The former reached #21 on the R&B charts while the latter reached #22.
Lorenzo released his last album to date in 1995, after a three-year dispute with Alpha International. The album, "Love On My Mind", was released on Luke Campbell's Luke Records. It had one charting single, "If It's Alright With You" which reached #41 on the R&B charts. While Keith Sweat appeared on "If It's Alright With You" and produced the track, the album was predominantly the love child of Lorenzo. Lorenzo wrote and produced nearly every track on his third album.

</doc>
<doc id="18322744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322744" title="Magnolia Creek">
Magnolia Creek

Magnolia Creek is a high end treatment center for women 18 years and older with anorexia nervosa, bulimia nervosa, and eating disorder not otherwise specified. Magnolia Creek is a residential treatment center that also provides partial hospitalization services (PHP). Located outside of Birmingham, Alabama on with a lake, Magnolia Creek provides a natural healing environment with the amenities of a large city within . Apartments are available for those in PHP and are included in the cost of treatment. Magnolia Creek is licensed by the state of Alabama and by The Joint Commission. Individual psychotherapy, group psychotherapy, and nutritional and medical interventions are provided by a multi-disciplinary team of psychologists, therapists, nurses, physicians, and dietitians. Jamie Edwards is the Executive Director and Ken Olson, MD, PhD is the Medical Director. The program operates from a Positive psychology and Recovery model orientation. Treatment modalities include Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, Dialectical Behavioral Therapy, Acceptance and Commitment Therapy, experiential therapy, and spiritual interventions. A Family Program is included with treatment to enhance the patient's long-term recovery and extend healing to the family. The facility admits only 10 residents and 8 PHP clients at a time and prides itself on providing individualized care within a home-like environment.

</doc>
<doc id="18322746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322746" title="Papillon (album)">
Papillon (album)

Papillon is the first studio album from Japanese singer Hitomi Shimatani. It was released on June 27, 2001, and hit #7 on the Oricon charts. Since then, it was last recorded as having sold around 147,030 copies.
The title track is a Japanese-language cover of "Doesn't Really Matter", a hit single by American singer Janet Jackson.

</doc>
<doc id="18322754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322754" title="Chica Virtual">
Chica Virtual

"Chica Virtual" () is a 2007 single by reggaeton singer Arcángel, released in February 2007 by Universal Music Group. It was produced by executive producer DJ Nelson, and appears on the compilation album "Flow la Discoteka 2", as well as Arcángel's second studio album "El Fenómeno".
Chart performance.
The song was a minor success on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart, peaking at #22.

</doc>
<doc id="18322758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322758" title="Arts and Science College, Honnavar">
Arts and Science College, Honnavar

Arts and Science College, Honnavar is one of the institutions in Honnavar, in Uttara Kannada district Karnataka, India offering B.A and B.Sc degrees.

</doc>
<doc id="18322759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322759" title="Fire &amp; Ice (Cali Agents album)">
Fire &amp; Ice (Cali Agents album)

Fire & Ice is the third album released by rap group, Cali Agents. It was released on November 7, 2006 for Pockets Linted Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="18322776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322776" title="Zorns Lemma (film)">
Zorns Lemma (film)

Zorns Lemma is a 1970 American structural experimental film by Hollis Frampton. It is named after Zorn's lemma (also known as the Kuratowski–Zorn lemma), a proposition of set theory formulated by mathematician Max Zorn in 1935. It remains, along with Michael Snow's "Wavelength" and Tony Conrad's "The Flicker", one of the best known examples of structural filmmaking. 
The experimental filmmaker Ernie Gehr stated: ""Zorns Lemma" is a major poetic work. Created and put together by a very clear eye, this original and complex abstract work moves beyond the letters of the alphabet, beyond words and beyond Freud. If you don't understand it the first time you see it, don't despair, see it again! When you finally 'get it,' a small light, possibly a candle, will light itself inside your forehead."
Content.
"An exercise in mathematical logic in cinema," "Zorns Lemma" is prefaced with a reading from an early grammar textbook. The remainder of the film, largely silent, shows the viewer an evolving 24-part "alphabet" (composed initially of street signs photographed in New York City) which is cycled through, replaced and expanded upon. The film's conclusion shows a man, woman and dog walking through snow as several voices read passages from "On Light, or the Ingression of Forms," by Robert Grosseteste.

</doc>
<doc id="18322790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322790" title="Volta Creations">
Volta Creations

Volta is a creative services studio based in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada. The company, founded by video game artist Claude Bordeleau, is known for providing visual development work to video game developers and advertising agencies.
Overview.
Volta appears to have begun operations in early 2006 as a creative services provider for the advertising, toy and publishing fields, working with well-known brands such as Toyota, McDonald's and Mega Brands' Magnetix toy line. Starting in 2007, the studio focus turned to video game visual development. In 2008, the company opened a second studio in Singapore and hired Sarbakan's Lead Art Director Pierre-Andre Dery. Known clients of the studio includes Activision, EA, Eidos, McDonald's, Microsoft, Midway Games, THQ, Red Bull, Sony, Toyota and Ubisoft.

</doc>
<doc id="18322792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322792" title="Charles Edward Bothwell">
Charles Edward Bothwell

Charled Edward Bothwell (May 26, 1882 – 1967) was a Canadian politician and barrister. 
Born in Owen Sound, Ontario, Bothwell was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Liberal Party in 1925 to represent the riding of Swift Current. He was re-elected in 1926, 1930 and 1935. During the 18th Parliament, he was Chairperson of the House of Commons Special Committee on Elections and Franchise Acts.

</doc>
<doc id="18322795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322795" title="Geology of Guernsey">
Geology of Guernsey

Guernsey has a geological history stretching further back into the past than most of Europe. The southern part is constructed of Icart Gneiss. The Icart Gneiss is an augen gneiss of granitic composition containing potassium feldspar. This was formed from a granite dated at using U-Pb dating on zircon grains. A foliated Perelle quartz diorite (also called Perelle Gneiss), occurs in the centre and west of the island. This is a calc-alkaline tonalitic rock. The foliation was formed around . Rafts of metamorphosed sediments, older than the gneiss are embedded between them. 
The Pleinmont Formation consists of metamorphosed sediments is of unknown age. It is named after Pleinmont Point on the south west tip of the Island. These are from the Brioverian succession.
The earlier rocks, known as the pre-Cadomian basement, were then deformed in the Cadomian Orogeny. It is unknown whether this is part of a craton, a detached piece of Gondwana, or just a small island of gneiss.
The Cobo Granite is from is named after Cobo Bay on the mid north coast. The north end of the island is an unfoliated calc-alkaline pluton of the Bordeaux Diorite Complex group consisting of diorite, tonalite, and granodiorite. This is also dated at . 
On the central east coast around Saint Peter Port is the St Peter Port Gabbro containing layers with olivine, hornblende and two kinds of pyroxene. The igneous plutonic intrusion is 2.5 km from north to 
south and is 0.8 km thick. The lower and upper portions are layered on the scale of a meter, while millimeter scale layering is found on the uppermost parts. This is also dated at 570 mya. Near Vale Castle the rock is of a type called bojite with interlocking hornblende and plagioclase crystals.
During the Quaternary Devensian glaciation, loess was deposited, blown in by wind from the west. The island was only separated from the continent of Europe by rising sea levels about 5000 BC during the new stone age.

</doc>
<doc id="18322812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322812" title="SAT Subject Test in Biology E/M">
SAT Subject Test in Biology E/M

The SAT Subject Test in Biology is the name of a one-hour multiple choice test given on biology by The College Board. A student chooses whether to take the test depending upon college entrance requirements for the schools in which the student is planning to apply. Until 1994, the SAT Subject Tests were known as Achievement Tests; and from 1995 until January 2005, they were known as SAT IIs. Of all SAT subject tests, the Biology E/M test is the only SAT II that allows the test taker a choice between the ecological or molecular tests. A set of 60 questions is taken by all test takers for Biology and a choice of 20 questions is allowed between either the E or M tests. This test is graded on a scale between 200 to 800. The average for Molecular is 630 while Ecological is 591.
Format.
This test has 80 multiple-choice questions that are to be answered in one hour. All questions have five answer choices. Students receive one point for each correct answer, lose ¼ of a point for each incorrect answer, and receive 0 points for questions left blank. The student's score is based entirely on his or her performance in answering the multiple-choice questions.
The questions cover a broad range of topics in general biology. There are more specific questions related respectively on ecological concepts (such as population studies and general Ecology) on the E test and molecular concepts such as DNA structure, translation, and biochemistry on the M test.
Preparation.
The College Board suggests a year-long course in biology at the college preparatory level, as well as a one year course in algebra, and lab experience as preparation for the test. The test requires understanding of biological data and concepts, science-related terms, and the ability to effectively synthesize and interpret data from charts, maps, and other visual media. However, most questions from this test are derived from, or are similar to, the pre-2012 AP Biology multiple choice questions. By taking an AP class or a class with similar rigor, one's chances at doing well on this test should improve.

</doc>
<doc id="18322815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322815" title="Marco Kurth">
Marco Kurth

Marco Kurth (born 18 August 1978 in Eisleben) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1. FC Magdeburg's reserve team in the sixth-tier Verbandsliga Sachsen-Anhalt. 
Career.
Kurth began to play football with local side SSV Klostermansfeld and later transferred to Dynamo Eisleben. Until 1995 he played as a midfielder for Hallescher FC's youth sides, before moving to VfB Leipzig at age 17. It was there that he debuted in the 2. Bundesliga when he was subbed in for Ronny Kujat in a 2–1 victory over KFC Uerdingen. He would go on to play for the side in seven more matches, but could not prevent their relegation at the end of the season, when the club ranked 15th.
During the summer of 2000, Kurth transferred to FC Erzgebirge Aue where he quickly established himself in the first team. Three years later, he won promotion to the 2. Bundesliga with the club and went on to play in a total of 133 second-tier games for Aue, scoring five goals. He remained a first-team regular and eventually became deputy captain to Jörg Emmerich.
Aue's relegation in 2008 saw Kurth move to FC Energie Cottbus on a free transfer, signing his first contract with a first-tier club. Only a year earlier Kurth had told an interviewer that it was unlikely he would ever play in the Bundesliga. However, he only played in eight matches in his first season with Cottbus which saw them relegated, only breaking into the first team in the 2009–10 season. He extended his contract twice, however, in January 2012 the contract was dissolved with Kurth citing a lack of perspective as the reason. 
Kurth had joined Magdeburg in January 2012 and soon became team captain. After Magdeburg's defeat in the 2013–14 DFB-Pokal first round he was suspended from the first team and will only play in the clubs reserves. On 7 October 2013 the club announced that Kurth would now also manage their Under-17 side.

</doc>
<doc id="18322828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322828" title="M. V. Seetharamiah">
M. V. Seetharamiah

M. V. Seetharamiah (kannada: ಎಂ.ವಿ.ಸೀತಾರಾಮಯ್ಯ) ( September 9, 1910 - March 12, 1990) was a scholar, professor, researcher and a kannada writer 
was from Mysore. He (Penname Raghava) had to his credit over 100 works. In 1934 he became the secretary of Kannada Sahitya Parishat. D. V. Gundappa was then the vice-president of the parishat. Seetharamiah was the president of the 36th Kannada Sahitya Sammelana held in Kumta (1954). 
He earned his M.A from the Maharaja College of Mysore. M.V. Seetaramiah was the director of All India Radio, Bangalore from 1956 to 1958. He was given various awards including Karnataka Sahitya Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="18322862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322862" title="Morgan's Grove">
Morgan's Grove

Morgan's Grove is a rural historic district near Shepherdstown, West Virginia. The area is noted for its abundant springs. Several historic houses and farms are included in the district, including:
Richard Morgan bought lands in 1730 that included much of present-day Shepherdstown. In 1734 he received one of the first grants of from Lord Fairfax, selling some land to Thomas Shepherd, who founded Shepherdstown. During the French and Indian Wars, Morgan was active in raising troops from the area.
During the American Revolutionary War, local men began drilling in Shepherdstown, and two companies of riflemen were organized in July 1775 at the request of the Continental Congress. By this time, William Morgan was a colonel in the Continental Army, and, under Morgan's command, the troops began the Bee-Line March on July 17, 1775, marching from Morgan's Grove to Boston in 24 days, covering . The troops joined George Washington's forces on August 11, 1775, and were the first units from the South to join the fight.
During the Civil War a number of Confederate and Federal units camped in the area, including General John B. Gordon and General George Armstrong Custer in the Valley Campaigns of 1864. About this time, Fountain Rock, which was then owned by Confederate Colonel Alexander Boteler, was burned by Federal troops under General William Tecumseh Sherman.
By the late 19th century the area was used as a fairground, with its own siding off the Shenandoah Valley Railroad. The Fountain Rock property was purchased by the Morgan's Grove Agricultural Association in 1889. In 1900 William Jennings Bryan, then candidate for President, gave a speech to a crowd estimated at 15,000. Fairs were held until 1931, when the land was sold and the structures were torn down.
A portion of the site is now a county park.

</doc>
<doc id="18322872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322872" title="Miguel Ângelo Lupi">
Miguel Ângelo Lupi

In some of his finest portraits, like the "Portrait of the Duke of Ávila and Bolama" (1880), at the Chiado Museum, in Lisbon, his work, probably because of his knowledge of the French Realist and Naturalist painters, like Courbet, deviate from his Portuguese contemporaries, approaching the new trends of his time. Despite the fundamental lines of his work, focusing on the portrayal of the rich and famous, Lupi also painted interior scenes, scenes of family life and themes of historic nature, as the Marquis de Pombal at work examining the project of reconstruction of Lisbon.

</doc>
<doc id="18322906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322906" title="Ficus crassipes">
Ficus crassipes

Ficus crassipes, commonly known as the Round-leaved Banana Fig is a fig that is endemic to the wet tropical rainforests of northeastern Queensland, Australia. It has large brownish cylindrical syconia.
Description.
"Ficus crassipes" is a monoecious tree which grows up to 20 m (66 ft) tall. Its leaves are 76–218 mm long (3–9 in) long and 53–154 mm (2–6 in) wide. Its syconia are yellowish to orange-brown to purple in colour, 43–68 mm (1.7–2.7 in) long and 15–32 mm (0.6–1.3 in) in diameter. It begins life as a hemiepiphyte.

</doc>
<doc id="18322918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322918" title="Anton Wölfler">
Anton Wölfler

Anton Wölfler (January 12, 1850 - January 31, 1917) was an Austrian surgeon born in Kopezten, a village near Kladrau, Bohemia.
In 1874 he earned his medical doctorate from the University of Vienna, where he was a student of Theodor Billroth (1829-1894). Afterwards, he remained in Vienna for several years as Billroth's assistant. In 1886 he became a professor of surgery at the University of Graz, and in 1895 was a professor at Charles University in Prague.
Wölfler is remembered for his work in gastrointestinal surgery, and his investigations involving the thyroid gland. On September 28, 1881, he performed the first gastroenterostomy, which occurred on a patient suffering from an inoperable carcinoma of the pylorus. He is also credited with providing the first detailed description of postoperative tetany.

</doc>
<doc id="18322940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322940" title="Anson Vasco Call II">
Anson Vasco Call II

Anson Vasco Call II played a major role in founding Afton, Wyoming. He was one of six honored July 5, 2008, at the dedication of Afton's new Civic Center.
He was born in Willard, Utah Territory. During his early boyhood he worked in the fields gleaning wheat. In 1864 his father Anson Call was called to serve a mission in England by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and while returning home in 1867 he died at Rock Creek, Wyoming.
By the age of seventeen, Anson was enrolled in the University of Utah, graduating with the first class in 1875. Also attending was Alice Jeanette Farnham One afternoon Anson summoned sufficient courage to go to her home and asked her for a date. She replied, "Ask Mother." About four years later they were married in Salt Lake City, Utah on May 17, 1876.
Anson was a fine carpenter, and he built a new home for his bride. He started work on it at 3:30 A.M., and then walked three miles to Centerville to teach school. He was also serving as the superintendent of schools and stake president of the Mutual Improvement Association. When Anson considered taking a second wife, he chose Emily Stayner, Alice's cousin who had grown up in the same home with Alice. However, out of consideration for Alice, she refused him, saying she would as soon be tenth as second. Emily finally became his third wife. Anson had married Lucy King in 1882.
Severe persecution for practicing plural marriage now made it necessary for him to leave Utah; so he served a mission in England. He left in February 1885. Some of the first Elders he met were also from Davis County, one of them being George Osmond with whom he would later serve in the Star Valley Stake Presidency, and Daniel H. Wells.
Anson arrived back in Utah in 1886 and found his family in good health but arresting of polygamists was still very common. Because of this he has to escape to Chesterfield, Idaho where he lived with his uncle Chester in hiding. Many of his relatives lived in and around Chesterfield, and Emily came to teach music to them. It was there that Anson heard about Star Valley, Wyoming and its seclusion and the friendly attitude the Governor had towards polygamists. Alice and Anson and their children set out with Chester's brother, Bowen, to try pioneering in Star Valley. They hauled logs and built two cabins; a one-room cabin for Anson and a two-room cabin for Bowen. There were at that time about ten families living in similar cabins in the Afton town site. On November 16, 1887, Uncle Chester Call arrived with Bowen's wife, Theresa, and daughter, Theresa's mother Pamela Thompson, and Anson's wife Alice with her daughters Maud and Ella. They came in one light wagon with few supplies. As Uncle Chester drove up to the cabin, he said to Alice, "Here is your mansion".
The cabin was small (14x16 feet) with a small cook stove, a wooden rocking chair, few cooking utensils, bedding, and dishes. Boards were nailed into the wall for a bunk bed. Winter supplies were piled in the corner, and the south end of the room was reserved for the carpenter's workbench and tools. Anson made a turning lathe entirely of native wood, powered by a foot treadle. He made furniture to trade for meat, milk, hay, and buckskin. Anson was offered a school teaching position for fifteen to twenty students but gave the job to Bowen who had no other means of employment.
Anson's brother Joe came with his families, and the following year they built the first framed buildings with shingle roofs. For several years Anson and Joe built many structures of importance in the valley. They were also partners in the first furniture store and machine company. Anson taught school in the winter and built buildings in the summer. In 1892 he designed and supervised the building of the Afton Ward chapel. That same year the Star Valley Stake of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints was organized with George Osmond as president, William Walton Burton as first counselor, and Anson Vasco Call II as second counselor. In August 1904 the cornerstone was laid for a new tabernacle, and Anson served as architect and builder. The tabernacle was dedicated in August 1909. He also built and sold many homes in the area. He built one for his first family on the corner of Madison Street and 3rd Avenue, and he built a new home on Fifth Avenue for his fourth wife, Margaret Ann Hepworth.
On September 13, 1901 and mass meeting of Afton citizens was held to select a committee to incorporate the town. Anson Vasco Call II, William Henry Kennington, and Osborne Low were selected. Anson Vasco Call II was elected the first mayor and began serving in 1902. In all, he served nine terms as Mayor of Afton (1902, 1903, 1904, 1912, 1913, 1914, 1924, 1925, and 1927).
Anson personally supervised the installation of the first city water system in 1913. He served for many years as the Federal Land Bank Appraiser for Lincoln, Uinta, and Teton counties, and as the Government Weather Observer.
Anson Vasco Call II died Thursday, October 12, 1944 in Afton, Wyoming. October 17, a large crowd of his family attended the funeral; twenty-nine of thirty-seven children were there. He was buried in the Afton Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18322969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322969" title="Mayu Kotono">
Mayu Kotono

Life and career.
Kotono was born on December 15, 1980 in Tokyo, Japan. She made her adult video (AV) debut at the age of nineteen in the January 2000 video for Kuki Inc. and soon afterward appeared in a pictorial for "Bejean" magazine. Four months later in May 2000, she made her first video for the Atlas21 studio, "Body Shop".
She has been retired from AV since about 2003. but made a number of "uncensored" videos (without the usual mosaic pixelation to obscure the genitals necessary in Japanese porn), including the 2006 work, "Magic Banana Vol. 16".

</doc>
<doc id="18322993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18322993" title="Henares River">
Henares River

The Henares is a river in Spain, tributary of the Jarama. It has its source in the Sierra Ministra, in the village of Horna, near Sigüenza, in the province of Guadalajara. 
Henares in Spanish is also the plural of "henar" (derived from the Latin word "fenum"), which means hayfield, because formerly there were hay fields on its banks. Its tributaries are the Torote, the Sorbe, the Cañamares, the Salado, the Dulce, the Aliendre and the Bornova.

</doc>
<doc id="18323002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323002" title="Zhonghe">
Zhonghe

Zhonghe (中和) is the name of several places in mainland China and Taiwan. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18323056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323056" title="Falling Spring-Morgan's Grove">
Falling Spring-Morgan's Grove

Falling Spring at Morgan's Grove is part of a related complex of buildings and lands associated with the Morgan family and other prominent members of the Shepherdstown, West Virginia community. Falling Spring was completed by 1837 as a large, porticoed stucco house and farm complex. The property was first settled by Richard Morgan, who noted several springs on the property, including "Bubbling Spring" and "Morgan's Spring", the starting point of the 1775 Bee-Line March. The house was built by Jacob Morgan, Richard's grandson, who was a successful merchant who lived and worked in Alexandria, Virginia.
Richard's son William inherited the property in 1855. William Morgan became a Confederate officer with the start of the American Civil War, serving with Generals J.E.B. Stuart and Turner Ashby.
Falling Spring was sold in 1904 to Dr. M.H. Crawford, who added two more columns to the portico. The design may have been undertaken by Winchester, Virginia architect Stuart H. Edmonds, who had worked at Shepherd College and Bellevue. The Crawfords also added a Japanese garden to the property. 

</doc>
<doc id="18323058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323058" title="Up, Down, Fragile">
Up, Down, Fragile

Up, Down, Fragile () is a 1995 French film directed by Jacques Rivette. It was entered into the 19th Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18323067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323067" title="Tafasta meruba lo tafasta">
Tafasta meruba lo tafasta

Tafasta meruba lo tafasta (Hebrew: תפשת מרובה לא תפשת, "If you have seized a lot, you have not seized") is a Talmudic idiom used to express the idea that when it is possible to take a particular law from two different sources, it should be taken from the narrower of the two, in order to stay on the safe side and avoid making assumptions about which is correct. It is akin to the logical concept of "proving too much". This will be illustrated with an example below.
Terminology and meaning.
The entire phrase actually includes both a positive and a negative expression: תפשת מרובה לא תפשת תפשת מועט תפשת - "If you have seized a lot, you have not seized; if you have seized a little, you have seized." The general meaning is that an over-ambitious claim defeats itself: the intended analogy is to one who grabs more than he can hold.
In Yoma 80a, the mythical egg of the enormous Bar-Yochani bird is provided as an example of "Tafasta meruba lo tafasta":
Explanation.
The use of this concept is best explained with an example from the Talmud:
In comparison to the holidays of Passover and Sukkot, Shavuot is a relatively short Jewish holiday. This posed a problem in the times of the Holy Temple because there simply would not be enough time for the holiday sacrificial offerings of the entire nation to be sacrificed; Passover and Sukkot were seven and eight days, respectively, while Shavuot was but a single day. The Talmud explains that there was an extended period of time, referred to as "tashlumin" (period during which the remaining sacrifices could be completed), that was appended to Shavuot to make up for the relative shortness of the holiday.
The question is: for how long can the Shavuot holiday offerings be brought? With the presence of an extra mention of both Passover and Sukkot, both could be used to determine an equivalent period of time—comparing Shavuot to Passover would yield a seven-day period, while comparing it to Sukkot would yield an eight-day period, and there is nothing pressing one choice over another.
The Talmud concludes that Shavuot is compared to Passover to yield a comparable seven-day period to complete the sacrificial offerings. Why not compare Shavuot to Sukkot and gain an extra day? So the rule of "tafasta meruba lo tafasta" comes to show us that we cannot take more time than we are sure is allowed. Either way we're following the precedent and Shavuot will last at least seven days, but it is only by presuming, without grounds, that it should be compared to Sukkot that we can get the eighth day. In order to stay on the safe side, we must use the limit of seven days from Passover.

</doc>
<doc id="18323079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323079" title="Boulevard de Sébastopol">
Boulevard de Sébastopol

The Boulevard de Sébastopol is an important roadway in Paris, France, which serves to delimit the 1st and 2nd arrondissements from the 3rd and 4th arrondissements of the city.
The boulevard is 1.3 km in length, starting from the place du Châtelet and ends at the boulevard Saint-Denis, when it becomes the Boulevard de Strasbourg. The boulevard is a main thoroughfare, and consists of four vehicular lanes, one of which is reserved for buses. 
Although the road is line with some shops and restaurants, its importance is that of a thoroughfare running north-south in central Paris. It separates Le Marais from Les Halles.
History.
The boulevard de Sébastopol is one of the most important roads opened up by the Baron Haussmann during his transformation of Paris in the 1850s. It was conceived as a major artery running a north–south axis across Paris, leading to the Gare de l'Est.
The road was christened "Boulevard du Centre" when it was opened in 1854. Following Napoléon III's victory at the port of Sevastopol, in the Crimea of 8 September 1855, it was given its current name. 
For several years, the name belonged to the road known since 1867 as Boulevard Saint-Michel, along the Rive Gauche up to Rue Cujas.

</doc>
<doc id="18323091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323091" title="Be a Man! Samurai School">
Be a Man! Samurai School

It premiered at the Fantasia Festival in 2008, and was subsequently screened at the New York Asian Film Festival in 2009.
Plot.
Genji Togashi (Shōei) visits his brother's grave and informs him that he too will be enrolling in Otokojuku. Young Yakuza successor Hidemaro Gokukouji (Hiroyuki Onoue) runs into thugs from Kanto Gogakuren while partying, but is saved by Momotaro Tsurugi (Tak Sakaguchi). As it turns out, Hidemaro's mother (Tomoko Nakajima) already decided to send him to Otokojuku for him to become a man.
At the enrollment ceremony, Hidemaro is assaulted by the head instructor Oni-Hige (Shun Sugata) for not getting into line properly. After he finds Momo and meets Togashi, Oni-Hige introduces the principal, Heihachi Edajima (Akaji Maro). Edajima gives his introductory speech. At orientation, 1st years Tazawa (Taketori no Yamaguchi) and Matsuo (Yoshiaki Yoza) are forced by Tange and the 2nd years to perform ridiculous tasks and manly performances. Togashi and Toramaru stand up to Tange (Masaki Miura), a brawl breaks out and Momo gets involved. The fight is interrupted by 2nd year leader Gouji Akashi (Tetsushi Tanaka), who challenges Momo to a sword fight, which itself gets interrupted by Oni-Hige before a true victor can be decided.
After finding a pair of underwear, drill instructor Iron Helmet (Kentarō Shimazu) summons all the students for a uniform inspection. He informs the students that all real men wear a fundoshi and that the owner of the briefs will be punished. Togashi can see from his face that they belong to Hidemaro, so he confesses to preferring briefs. He is placed in a tub of oil with a candle on a leaf while wearing just a fundoshi. Togashi perseveres as the oil gets hotter, until finally it out, as a message of manliness to Hidemaro. Hidemaro can't take it anymore so he runs away in the middle of the night. After words of encouragement from Shioya (Tatsuo Yamada), the last remaining member of the Gokukouji clan, he returns to Otokojuku just as Momo is being scolded by Oni-Hige for letting him escape. The two of them are placed in twin cells, one of which has a 500 kilogram collapsible ceiling that Momo must hold up by a chain in the other cell in order to keep Hidemaro from being crushed.
One day, Otokojuku is invaded by Kanto Gogakuren, a group of delinquents led by Omito Date (Hideo Sakaki), a former Otokojuku student who was expelled for killing an instructor for forcing him to undergo the twin solitary cells punishment. He and his two right hand men, Hien (Gō Ayano) and Gekko (Shuya Yoshimoto) defeat most of the students. Akashi challenge Date and is nearly killed before being saved by Momo. However, before things can go further, Edajima interrupts and demands they settle things in the 3 Great Astonishing Assaults tournament. Momo, Togashi, and Toramaru are chosen to represent Otokojuku. Togashi again visits his brother's grave, when Oni-Hige suddenly appears. He tells Togashi of how his brother was a real man and gives him his brother's dosu knife. As Momo trains his sword, Toramaru wrestles a bear, and Matsu practices his ōendan, Hidemaro and Tazawa both wonder what they can do to help.

</doc>
<doc id="18323093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323093" title="Skyscape art">
Skyscape art

Skyscape art depicts representations of the sky, especially in a painting or photograph. Skyscapes differ from cloudscapes because they do not necessarily include clouds. Like cloudscape art, skyscape art can also omit any view of land or anything else which might help to suggest scale or orientation. Images called "skyscapes" often do include clouds or land, but these things can also be excluded or kept to a minimum.
The view may be from earth or from a level far above. There is often nothing to suggest scale in the art, unless a bit of landscape is included or some phenomena such as the depiction of clouds, precipitation, rainbows and aurorae. Some artists also depict birds, insects and other flying objects, as well as manmade aircraft, kites and objects such as leaves, and balloons.
There are many examples of cloudless skies in painting, printmaking, serigraphy and photography. 
Weather is often an important element in the composition of skyscapes.
The sky is really nothing more than the denser gaseous zone of the earth’s atmosphere. Sky can be depicted as many different colors, such as a pale blue or the lack of any color at all, such as the night sky, which has the appearance of blackness, albeit with a scattering of stars on a clear night. During the day, the sky is seen as a deep blue due to the sunlight reflected on the air.
Astronomically speaking, the sky is a celestial sphere–an imaginary dome divided into constellations–where the moon, planets, stars and sun seem to visually move across the sky.
Although artists have long painted the sky it was Edward Hopper who first showed us the beauty of the skyscape, sans clouds. In the 1950s, Eric Sloane painted many cloudless skyscapes during his stay in Taos, New Mexico.
Another example of a cloudless skyscape artwork is the celestial ceiling mural at Grand Central Terminal in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18323123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323123" title="Ficus destruens">
Ficus destruens

Ficus destruens is a hemiepiphytic fig that is endemic to the wet tropical rainforests of northeastern Queensland, Australia.
Description.
"Ficus destruens" is a monoecious tree which grows up to 32 m (105 ft) tall. Its leaves are 51–194 mm long (2–7.6 in) long and 16–63 mm (0.6–2.5 in) wide. Its syconia are orange or red in colour, 13–19 mm (0.5–0.7 in) long and 11–16 mm (0.4–0.6 in) in diameter. It begins life as a hemiepiphyte.

</doc>
<doc id="18323148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323148" title="Secrets &amp; Mysteries">
Secrets &amp; Mysteries

Secrets & Mysteries was a television series which originally aired in syndication from 1988 to 1989. It was hosted by acclaimed British actor Edward Mulhare ("The Ghost & Mrs. Muir", "Knight Rider") and dealt with topics of a paranormal nature, as well as mysterious historical events. It was similar to the 1970s/1980s series "In Search of...".
"Secrets of the Unknown invites you into the world of the bizarre, strange, and unusual. From ninjas who are said to transform into panthers, to the peculiar myths and rituals surrounding King Tut's tomb, to Hitler's occult connections, the sinking of the "Titanic", the disappearance of Amelia Erhart, Big Foot, UFOs, Ghosts, Dreams and Nightmares, the "Hindenburg" disaster, and other subjects. These documentaries provide a rich visual showcase for unexplained phenomena."
The popular series is considered a pioneer in the realm of historical and paranormal investigative television, and is also considered to be a cult classic among many fans. The series consists of 26 episodes, written by Erik Nelson and produced by Craig Haffner. It was released on home video in the late 1980s to the early 2000s under the title "Secrets of the Unknown".
Opening Sequence.
After a brief introduction of what the episode had in store, the opening sequence would feature a series of provocative images to set the tone of the show. A series of 3D images reveal a mansion on top of Devil's Tower. Other images featured the Hindenburg disaster followed by the sinking of the Titanic and a pyramid featuring the all-seeing eye, tarot cards and Stonehenge. The title sequence would form over the mansion with a figure in the window. The figure would turn and reveal himself to be host Edward Mulhare. "It's time for our journey to begin." He would look into an old-fashoined zoetrope machine, which would feature preview images of the episode topic. Mulhare would then throw a switch, powering the mechanisms on the set and begin his opening narration.
Releases.
There have been several VHS releases over the years. The series has yet to be released on DVD or Blu-ray. All titles listed below remain out of print.
Episodes.
Episodes are listed alphabetically by title rather than production or air date order. Production codes and premiere dates remain unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18323154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323154" title="Brian Mitchell (musician)">
Brian Mitchell (musician)

Brian Mitchell is a keyboard and accordion player based in New York City who is well known for high-profile collaborations, and for consummate session work.
Brian has toured extensively around the world, from The Apollo in Harlem, Tipitina's in New Orleans to Ronny Scott's in London and The Blue Note in Japan. He has appeared in concert halls and at festivals including Lincoln Center in New York, The Umbria Jazz Festival in Italy, The North Sea Jazz Festival and The New Orleans Jazz & Blues Heritage Festival.
Brian Mitchell's Collaborations.
He has recorded and performed with some of music's most respected artists, including Bob Dylan, Al Green, B.B. King, Allen Toussaint and Levon Helm. He can be seen performing with Levon as a member of The Midnight Ramble in Woodstock. Brian is featured on Levon’s new CD Dirt Farmer which recently won a Grammy. He can also be heard on all-star sessions such as Les Paul & Friends with Peter Frampton and Billy Gibbons of ZZ Top and B.B. King & Friends 80 with John Mayer and Gloria Estefan. Both of those CD’s were also awarded Grammy’s. Brian’s unique approach to performing and recording in the studio was the subject of an article in Keyboard Magazine.
Brian Mitchell's Original Music.
Brian Mitchell's original music features a unique blend of gutbucket blues, funky New Orleans style R&B, quirky Latin rhythms, and occasional visits into outer space.
Brian released two CD's of his original music, Songs From The Underground, and his latest, Diggin Up The Roots. He also records and performs with House Of Diablo, a collaboration with drummer Shawn Pelton that showcases his more electronic improvisational side. His extraordinary versatility on piano, Hammond B-3, accordion, and other various keyboards, plus his distinctive vocal styling have firmly established him as one of New York City's most gifted and sought after musicians.
Brian's work as a composer has been featured in TV, film, and theater. His original music with House Of Diablo was used in the soundtrack for the Robert Altman film Tanner On Tanner. His blues piano stylings were also heard in the recent Broadway production of August Wilson's Seven Guitars.
Public Appearances.
He has made frequent TV appearances including performances on The Tonight Show, The Today Show, the Late Show with David Letterman, Late Night with Conan O'Brien, The View, Austin City Limits, and a cameo on the soap opera One Life To Live. Brian's accordion can be heard throughout Bob Dylan's version of the Dean Martin chestnut Return To Me on an episode of The Soprano's. Other special collaborations include recording with Christopher Walken in the movie Search and Destroy, and accompanying ex-President Bill Clinton, Cher, and Nathan Lane in a rousing version of “Happy Birthday” for his wife Hillary at The Roseland in NYC.

</doc>
<doc id="18323183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323183" title="List of compositions by Ferdinando Carulli">
List of compositions by Ferdinando Carulli

This is a "list of compositions by Ferdinando Carulli".

</doc>
<doc id="18323185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323185" title="Morgan-Bedinger-Dandridge House">
Morgan-Bedinger-Dandridge House

The Morgan-Bedinger-Dandridge House, also known as Poplar Grove, then Rosebrake, is part of a group of structures affiliated with the Morgan's Grove rural historic district near Shepherdstown, West Virginia. The house was known as Poplar Grove until 1877. The original building was built "circa" 1745 by Richard Morgan, and became known as the "Back Building". In 1803 the house was expanded by Daniel Morgan with a two-story brick structure, known as the "Great House". Formal gardens were added at this time.
In 1859 the present main portion of the house was built by Caroline Bedinger, widow of Henry Bedinger. During her ownership the house was occupied by Colonel Alexander R. Boteler, a former U.S. Representative who, at the outbreak of the American Civil War became a Confederate officer. After the war, while Boteler was living at Poplar Grove, President U.S. Grant appointed Boteler to the U. S. Centennial Commission. Caroline's daughter, Danske Bedinger Dandridge, a noted poet, changed the name of the house to "Rosebrake" in 1877.
A portico was added to the house in 1950, removed from a house on Long Island and shipped to West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18323192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323192" title="Vivian Island">
Vivian Island

Vivian Island is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. The uninhabited island lies in Peel Sound. Prince of Wales Island's Browne Bay is to the west, while Somerset Island is to the east. The smaller Lock Island is to the northwest, and the larger Prescott Island is to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="18323193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323193" title="Utamaro and His Five Women">
Utamaro and His Five Women

Utamaro and His Five Women or Five Women Around Utamaro ("Utamaro o meguru gonin no onna") is a 1946 Japanese film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi. It is based on the novel of the same title by Kanji Kunieda, itself a fictionalized account of the life of printmaker Kitagawa Utamaro. It was Mizoguchi's first film made under the American occupation.
Theme.
Mizoguchi was fascinated by painting and had trained as a painter as a young man. Kitagawa Utamaro (1756-1806) was 'possibly the greatest of all the portraitists of the floating world' - he painted also idyllic outdoor scenes, Yoshiwara festivals and drinking bouts, bathers and shell-divers, as well as erotica. The film dramatically presents this sense of range, and openness to life's variety, and contrasts the old official court-approved style of painting, called "kano" with the new, dynamic form of painting known as "ukiyo-e" (literally:paintings of the floating world). 
Seinosuke (Kotaro Bando), a samurai appeenticed to a "kano" master, visits an Edo print shop where he sees a painting by Utamaro that boasts of "ukiyo-e" 's superiority to the official style. Enraged, he goes to a brothel where Utamaro is with his friends, and challenges him to a duel. Utamaro counterchallenges him with a different kind of duel - a contest of painting. 
Production history.
"Utamaro and His Five Women" was made during the 7-year Allied occupation of Japan which followed World War II. At the time, film production was overseen by representatives of the Occupation forces, and "Jidaigeki" (period films) like "Utamaro" were rarely made, as they were seen as being inherently nationalistic or militaristic.
The Film as Autobiography.
Though "Utamaro and His Five Women" is based on the life of Kitagawa Utamaro, it is frequently seen as being an autobiographical work.
In her article on the film for the Australian film journal "Senses of Cinema", film critic Freda Freiberg writes:"Mizoguchi's regular scriptwriter Yoda, who worked with him (more precisely, "for" him) for 20 years, claimed in his memoirs that in the script for this film he was 'almost unconsciously' drawing a portrait of Mizoguchi through Utamaro. The equation Utamaro=Mizoguchi has been irresistible to most critics as the two artists did have a lot in common. Both of them worked in a popular mass-produced medium operated by businessmen, and chafed under oppressive censorship regimes; both frequented the pleasure quarters and sought the company of geishas; but, most significantly, they both achieved fame for their portraits of women. In a highly charged scene in this film, Utamaro paints, directly on the back of a beautiful courtesan, a sketch that is later tattooed into her skin. One could say that this creative act (and the passion the artist displays in executing it) literalises the fact that both artists achieved fame on the backs of women – relying on them to arouse and express themselves, emotionally and aesthetically."

</doc>
<doc id="18323194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323194" title="A.D. Sanjoanense">
A.D. Sanjoanense

Associação Desportiva Sanjoanense is a Portuguese football club based in São João da Madeira. Founded in 1924, it currently plays in the fourth division, holding home games at "Estádio Conde Dias Garcia".

</doc>
<doc id="18323205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323205" title="Kingsmill (surname)">
Kingsmill (surname)

"for other uses see Kingsmill"
Kingsmill is a surname, and may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18323206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323206" title="The Cheerleader">
The Cheerleader

The Cheerleader is a 1974 coming of age novel by Ruth Doan MacDougall. 
Described on the author's website as "searchingly honest, achingly real, all the joy, excitement, and pain of crossing the bridge from childhood to young womanhood in the Fabulous Fifties, when sex was still a mystery and goals were clearly defined--perhaps for the last time," it was first published in 1974 by Putnam and re-released in its 4th printing in 1998 by Frigate Books.
This is the first of five books in the "Snowy Series" ("Snowy: a sequel to The Cheerleader," "Henrietta Snow," "The Husband Bench, or Bev's Book," and "A Born Maniac, or Puddles Progress") following Snowy and "The Gang" as they continue through life.

</doc>
<doc id="18323218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323218" title="Andy Martin (disambiguation)">
Andy Martin (disambiguation)

Andy Martin (born 1945) is an American perennial candidate for political office.
Andy Martin may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18323220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323220" title="Roger Reina">
Roger Reina

Roger Reina is the former University of Pennsylvania wrestling coach (1986–2005). He left coaching in 2005 after 19 seasons on the mat where he had a career record of 205-106-6, making him the most successful coach in the 101-year history of the program. He is credited with coaching 63 NCAA Qualifiers, 31 EIWA Champions, 17 All-Americans, 4 consecutive EIWA titles, three NCAA finalists, an NCAA Champion and an Olympic Gold Medalist. Roger himself graduated from UPenn in 1984 where he was a four year starter on the team.
Reina is now the Director of Business Development for Sports at TicketLeap, an online ticketing provider located in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="18323226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323226" title="Don McLean discography">
Don McLean discography

The discography of American singer Don McLean consists of twenty studio albums, three live albums, eight compilation albums, and sixteen singles.

</doc>
<doc id="18323227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323227" title="Live from London (R.E.M. album)">
Live from London (R.E.M. album)

Live from London is an album from R.E.M. that was released only on iTunes on March 26, 2008. It is one of several releases in the Live from London series.
Track listing.
All songs written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Michael Stipe, except those marked †, without Berry:
Songs excluded.
The following songs were performed and recorded, but not included with the iTunes release:

</doc>
<doc id="18323230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323230" title="No. 19 Radar Station RAAF">
No. 19 Radar Station RAAF

No. 19 Radar Station RAAF was an Royal Australian Air Force radar station formed at Bombi near Bouddi, New South Wales, Australia on 15 April 1942.
The unit was formed from serviceman drawn from Shepherd's Hill Radar Station personnel at Newcastle, after the radar was relocated to Bombi. The radar station at Bombi was built to monitor enemy airborne threats during World War II.
No. 19 Radar Station RAAF was disbanded on 10 September 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="18323231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323231" title="2009 Pan-Pacific Championship">
2009 Pan-Pacific Championship

The 2009 Pan-Pacific Championship was the second edition of the Pan-Pacific Championship. It was held in February 2009 in Carson, California, United States and featured the champions from the Chinese Super League and K-League, J. League Cup winners, and the hosts, Los Angeles Galaxy of Major League Soccer.
The Galaxy faced the Japanese representative, Oita Trinita, in the semi-final stage for the second successive year after facing Gamba Osaka in the 2008 competition, and this time they won the match. In the other semi-final, Korean side Suwon Samsung Bluewings beat Shandong Luneng Taishan of China.
Oita Trinita beat Shandong Luneng 2-1 to finished third in the tournament and Suwon Bluewings won the trophy after a 4-2 penalty shootout win over the Galaxy.
Sponsors.
The following is a list of the official sponsors of the Pan-Pacific Championship 2009.
See also.
2012 Hawaiian Islands Invitational

</doc>
<doc id="18323289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323289" title="Alex Chu">
Alex Chu

Alex Chu (born Chu Hun-gon September 2, 1979), known simply as Alex (알렉스), is a Korean-Canadian singer and actor. He is the male vocalist of South Korean electropop band Clazziquai.
Biography.
Having emigrated to Canada with his family, Alex rose to fame upon returning to South Korea years later as part of the group Clazziquai. The group's popularity skyrocketed after featuring on the soundtrack of hit drama series "My Lovely Samsoon".
In 2008, the group announced a temporary hiatus, and its members debuted as solo artists, including Alex. In 2009, Clazziquai returned with the release of Mucho Punk.
Alex Chu became part of MBC reality show "We Got Married" and was matched with Korean trot singer Jang Yoon Jeong in the Lunar Special episode, and actress/model Shin Ae for the rest of the series. The show also stars Crown J, Andy of Shinhwa, Seo In Young of Jewelry, Solbi of Typhoon, Saori and Jung Hyung Don. Alex and Shin Ae left the show after Episode 8 for Alex to record his first solo album "Vintage Romance". They were replaced by Kim Hyun Joong of SS501 and Hwangbo of Chakra. However, due to popular demand, the couple reunited in Episode 13. Alex and Shin Ae made their exit from the show on November 16, 2008.
Alex debuted in his first drama series "Pasta" as one of the main cast. The drama aired from January 4, 2010 to March 9, 2010 on MBC.
In June 2, 2011, Alex released his second solo album, "Just Like Me".
On June 1, 2012, Alex opened a new Italian restaurant, D'asti Plate. He partnered with three of his close friends to open the restaurant, which is located in the Shinsadong area of Seoul.
In 2013, he also appeared in KBS variety show "Our Neighborhood Arts and Physical Education" to participate during the Bowling matches from episode 6 to episode 9.
Controversies.
Alex Chu was booked without detention by Gangnam Police in Seoul for driving while intoxicated in Seoul on July 18, 2012. Alex Chu had blood alcohol content of 0.134%.

</doc>
<doc id="18323294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323294" title="Pandora Island">
Pandora Island

Pandora Island is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. It lies in Peel Sound at the entrance of Prince of Wales Island's Young Bay, while Somerset Island's Four Rivers Bay is to the east. The larger Prescott Island is to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="18323336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323336" title="Ruth Doan MacDougall">
Ruth Doan MacDougall

Ruth Doan MacDougall, born near Laconia, New Hampshire, is an American author. She is the daughter of hiking writer Daniel Doan.

</doc>
<doc id="18323373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323373" title="Otrick Island">
Otrick Island

Otrick Island is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. The uninhabited island lies in Peel Sound, south of Somerset Island's Four Rivers Bay. The equally small Barth Island is to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="18323382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323382" title="Atomic Rooster">
Atomic Rooster

Atomic Rooster was an English progressive rock band, originally composed of former members of the The Crazy World of Arthur Brown. Throughout their history, keyboardist Vincent Crane was the only constant member, and wrote the majority of their material. Their history is defined by two periods: the early-mid-1970s and the early 1980s. The band went through radical style changes, however they are best-known for the hard, progressive rock sound of their hit singles, "Tomorrow Night" (UK No. 11) and "The Devil's Answer" (UK No. 4), both in 1971.
History.
Original period (1969-1975).
In summer 1969, The Crazy World of Arthur Brown had to cease touring in the middle of their second U.S. tour because of keyboardist Vincent Crane's mental illness. When he recovered, he and drummer Carl Palmer took the step to leave Arthur Brown and return to England, the return date being Friday 13 June 1969, which was the year of the Rooster in the Chinese calendar, and arranged a meeting with Brian Jones to discuss a collaboration. After Jones's death, they adopted the name Atomic Rooster (with influence from the US band Rhinoceros), and soon recruited Nick Graham on bass and vocals. They followed with what had emerged as The Crazy World of Arthur Brown formula of vocals, organ, bass, and drums.
They soon undertook live dates around London; at their first headlining gig the opening act was Deep Purple on Friday August 29, 1969 at London Lyceum. They eventually struck a deal with B & C Records and began recording their debut album in December 1969. Their first LP, "Atomic Roooster" was released in February 1970, along with a single, "Friday the 13th". By March, Crane felt it was best that they add a guitarist, and recruited John Du Cann from acid/progressive rock band Andromeda. However, just as Du Cann joined, basist/vocalist Graham left. Du Cann (who played guitar and sang for Andromeda) took over vocal duties, whilst Crane overdubbed the bass lines on his Hammond Organ with a combination of left hand and foot pedals. Atomic Rooster resumed gigging until the end of June 1970, when Carl Palmer announced his departure to Emerson, Lake & Palmer. Ric Parnell filled the drum spot until August, when the young Paul Hammond was recruited from Farm to the drum spot. They then recorded their second album, "Death Walks Behind You", released in September 1970. Originally it was not commercially successful, as with the first album, but by February 1971, the single, "Tomorrow Night" reached No. 11 in the UK Singles Chart, with the album reaching No. 12 in the UK Albums Chart. Atomic Rooster made an appearance on the "Top of the Pops", and toured to support the album.
In June 1971, just before they began configuring their line-up once again, the single "Devils Answer" hit No. 4 in the UK. Atomic Rooster saw considerable popularity, and they began recording "In Hearing of Atomic Rooster" (UK No. 18). Crane felt the band needed a singer who could "project" to an audience, and asked Leaf Hound vocalist Pete French to audition for the band. Not long after French came into the studio, Crane promptly sacked Du Cann, and Paul Hammond followed him to form Bullet, later re-named Hard Stuff. French recorded all the vocals on the album (save for "Black Snake", sung by Crane), and the album was released in August 1971. 
The latest Atomic Rooster line up featuring Pete French on vocals, Steve Bolton on guitar, Ric Parnell on drums, and Crane on keyboards toured Italy, right across America & Canada. This line-up ended their international tour to appear at a benefit gig in September 1971 at the Oval cricket ground, appearing in front of some 65,000 people, supporting The Faces and The Who. After this concert, French moved on to sign with Atlantic records and joined the American rock band Cactus. In February 1972, Crane recruited vocalist Chris Farlowe, at that time with Colosseum, to take the place of French. They went on tour and recorded their first album together in spring 1972. They released the album "Made in England" along with the single "Stand by Me", on Dawn Records. They were more into soul at this point, and the progressive and heavy rock leanings from the other releases had receded. The single did not chart and the album just barely caught any attention, but touring followed through.
Guitarist Steve Bolton left at the end of 1972, and was replaced by John Goodsall, appearing under the name Johnny Mandala. They released the album "Nice 'n' Greasy" in 1973 with the single "Save Me", and a re-working of "Friday the 13th". This time, it was in a complete funk style. After nearly two years without any hits, Dawn Records dropped the group and Atomic Rooster began to split. After a tour, Farlowe, Mandala and Parnell left. The single "Tell Your Story, Sing Your Song" was released in March 1974 as "Vincent Crane's Atomic Rooster" on Decca. All subsequent gigs were played by Crane along with members of the blues band Sam Apple Pie. A final concert was played in February 1975, a benefit gig for the RSPCA. Afterwards, Crane disbanded Atomic Rooster.
During hiatus (1975-1979).
Vincent Crane put together the music for a number of plays and musicals in England between 1976 and 1977, including two of Peter Green's radio broadcasts. In 1978, Crane teamed up with Arthur Brown once again, and in 1979 they released the album "Faster Than the Speed of Light". Crane and Brown would also perform a rendition of "Green Door", dressed in top hat and tails.
John Du Cann dropped the "Du" from his name when he, Paul Hammond and John Gustafson released two albums as Hard Stuff between 1972 and 1973. Hard Stuff ended when Hammond suffered injuries in a car accident. Afterwards, Cann filled in the guitar spot in Thin Lizzy for a tour in Germany during 1974, before going off the road to write music for ads and jingles in England. In 1977, he recorded a solo album with members of Status Quo and Gillan, before learning his record company was not going to release it. In 1979, he had a minor hit with his rendition of "Don't Be a Dummy", used in a Lee Cooper Jeans ad. Also in 1977 Paul Hammond played drums with T.H.E., a three piece featuring Pete Newnham (Cockney Rebel/Window) on guitar and vocals, and Mike Marchant (Third Ear Band) on bass and vocals. A single called "Rudi" was released that year on B&C Records under the name Pete Newnham, which has become a collectors item. That song and two unreleased tracks, "Johnny the Snark and "Play with Fire" now appear on "Bored Teenagers No. 5" from Detour Records.
Reformation period (1980-1983).
During 1980, Crane contacted Cann and after some discussion, got an Atomic Rooster reformation under way, with Cann reverting to his full surname again, as per the earlier incarnation of the band. They recruited session drummer Preston Heyman and recorded an album, along with one 7/12" single, on EMI Records. The 1980 album, "Atomic Rooster", was followed by a tour, however in October Heyman left and Paul Hammond was once again in the drum seat after Ginger Baker filled in for two weeks. They continued touring and released two singles in 1981 and 1982. However, before their performance at the Reading Festival, Du Cann became absent without official leave, as evidenced by a series of telegrams to Cann from Vincent Crane, which were auctioned on eBay in January 2012, after they had been purchased from John's estate. Apparently the band (i.e. Crane and Hammond) used Mick Hawkesworth (ex-Andromeda) as a stand-in. John McCoy later stepped in on bass.
With Du Cann gone, Crane set about a new form of Atomic Rooster. Paul Hammond stayed on and played drums for the following album Headline News (1983), recorded in late 1982. Several guitarists played on the album, including David Gilmour of Pink Floyd, Bernie Torme of Gillan and John Mizarolli. Crane added vocals to the album along with his wife on backing vocals. A tour of Germany and Italy included Bernie Torme on guitar. Mizarolli played guitar for several U.K. dates. "Headline News" was released in June 1983, and featured a completely different sound from anything they had ever done, including electronics and synthesizers. The album was completely written by Vincent Crane, leading some to perceive it as a Crane solo album.
Crane disbanded Atomic Rooster once again at the end of 1983. In 1984, he went on to the project Katmandu with Peter Green, Ray Dorset and Jeff Whittaker, and they recorded the album "A Case for the Blues". In 1985, Crane joined Dexys Midnight Runners, playing piano for their album "Don't Stand Me Down" and two singles, one becoming the theme song for the TV series "Brush Strokes".
Dexys Midnight Runners disbanded in 1987 and Crane intended to reform Atomic Rooster with Du Cann once again. A German tour was planned for 1989. However, Crane's mental illness intervened, and he died when he overdosed on painkillers on 14 February 1989. Paul Hammond died in 1992. All members of the band that recorded "Death Walks Behind You" (1970) have subsequently died. Du Cann (d. September 21, 2011) struck a deal with Angel Air Records and oversaw the release and re-release of much of his and Atomic Rooster's material, including live recordings, compilations, compilations of unreleased material and album reissues with extra material.

</doc>
<doc id="18323388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323388" title="Roanoke Review">
Roanoke Review

Roanoke Review is an American literary journal based at Roanoke College in Salem, Virginia. It was founded in 1967 by Henry Taylor and Edward A. Tedeschi. Among the journal's original contributors were Malcolm Cowley, Lee Smith, and R.H.W. Dillard. Robert Walker is the current editor. 
Among the review's recent contributors are Ernest Kroll, June Spence, Charles Wright and Jacob M. Appel.

</doc>
<doc id="18323402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323402" title="Jamais Te Esquecerei">
Jamais Te Esquecerei

Jamais Te Esquecerei (en:"I will never forget you") was a Brazilian soap opera shown by the SBT between April 14 and September 26 of 2003, at 8h30 p.m. Based the original text of Caridad Bravo Adams, it was translated by Henrique Zambelli and adapted by Ecila Pedroso, that also the supervision of text signed, and Enéas Carlos. The soap opera was directed by Jacques Lagôa, Sacha and Henrique Martins, with David Grimberg as managing generality of teledramaturgia. It had 120 chapters.
Plot.
In Mountain range of the Rocks, a small agricultural city, the adolescents "Beatriz" (Lorenza Chiamurela) and "Danilo" (Vitor Morosini) make an oath of perpetual love. However, they do not imagine that immense difficulties created for the destination and obstacles that will have to face would come to materialize the biggest desire of its lives.
"Leonor" (Bia Seidl), a bitter woman who is mother of "Danilo", is the obstacle most terrible. It is who will go to use the most terrible resources to hinder that its son they love "Beatriz", therefore it knows that its husband, "Antônio" (Jonas Bloch), not yet forgets the mother "Beatriz" and its old passion, "Isabela" (Tássia Camargo). When young, "Antônio" and "Isabela" had been hindered of if marrying for the father of the young woman, compelled who it if to marry another man.
Fifteen years later, "Antônio" and Isabela if they find, at a moment where it is gives to die. There it promises to take care of the son of it, "Beatriz", as if the girl was its proper son. This is the last desire of the young woman. But when perceiving the strong linking between "Beatriz" and "Danilo", the wife of it sees to grow an unhealthy jealousy in its heart and, each more Machiavellian day, separates the couple. Thus, the control of the villainous, "Beatriz" is registered a convent and "Danilo" goes to study in the United States.
But "Leonor" not yet foresees that the time and in the distance goes to become the love enters the intense couple still more. Therefore, already adult, it starts to be the protagonist of a still more perverse tram: been deceptive, "Beatriz" (Ana Paula Tabalipa) and "Danilo" (Fábio Azevedo) will believe that they are blood brothers.
The couple will try to run away from the intense passion that one feels for the other, without forgetting the promise and them words that will bring the true happiness for it.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was released in 2003 by label SBT Music with Sony.

</doc>
<doc id="18323409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323409" title="Systems Universalisation Specialist">
Systems Universalisation Specialist

A Systems Universalisation Specialist, or S.U.S., is the name of a member of the Russian Armed Services trained in Computer Networking, GPS systems, and general technology.
History.
Foundation.
The title, "Systems Universalisation Specialist", or was created in the 1980s, for someone involved in Radar and GPS systems. While the idea of a S.U.S. member had been around since World War II, with infantry men operating radio devices and planning out tank movements for the war effort. The term "Systems Universalisation Specialist" comes from three parts. The first part, being "System" is reference to the GPS or Radar systems operated. The second part, "Universalisation" comes from the fact that all systems should be linked, and connected to each other. This is to ensure that no soldier, nor tank, nor airplane is operating by itself, and that the whole field army is working on a team.
End of the Soviet Era.
When the Soviet Government collapsed in 1992, so did the title of Systems Universalisation Specialist. With large budget cutbacks, the Russian Army could not afford to operate and maintain the equipment passed down from their Soviet predecessor. In 1994, due to the First Chechen War, and a new army budget the rank was revived and new soldiers trained in the field. New S.U.S. recruits were trained in revised and new technology, while their training was great, morale was poor, thus the war was lost.
Modern S.U.S..
Out of combat, Systems Universalisation Specialists are still trained today, and modern systems like Night Vision and infra red scopes are being taught to recruits. Recently, with the programs to modernize the Armies of the world, specialists in this field are more important then ever.
Impact and information.
Nickname.
Much like Medical Corpsmen have adopted the name "Medic" for use in combat, Systems Universalisation Specialist, while highly respected, have been dubbed "Pig" or "Pigs." This is due to the acronym "S.U.S" being pronounced "Sou," like the proper name for a breed of pig. The Russian Army has current issues with disrespect among soldiers, and this may be a major factor contributing to the nickname of SUS Technicians.
Even among high ranks, the title, "Systems Universalisation Specialist," is rarely used. In combat, or on operations, they are formally called "SUS Technicians." While "SUS Tech" or "SUS Technician" is common, "Systems Universalisation Specialist Technician" is unlikely to be used. While one could be a "Systems Universalisation Specialist Technician" in the way that one could be a Technician that "specializes" in "systems universlisation", in the Russian language it sounds improper. An English example of this would be ""A Medical Doctor that is a doctor in medical issues.""
Impact.
With technology, such as the Global Positioning System friendly fire rates have dropped greatly.

</doc>
<doc id="18323421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323421" title="Barth Island">
Barth Island

Barth Island an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. It is located in Peel Sound, south of Somerset Island's Four Rivers Bay, and the equally small Otrick Island. Prince of Wales Island is to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="18323423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323423" title="Francis I Rákóczi">
Francis I Rákóczi

Francis I Rákóczi (February 24, 1645, Gyulafehérvár, Transylvania – July 8, 1676, Zboró, Royal Hungary) was a Hungarian aristocrat, elected prince of Transylvania and father of Hungarian national hero Francis II Rákóczi.
Francis I Rákóczi was the son of George II Rákóczi, prince of Transylvania, and Zsófia Báthori. He was elected prince by the Transylvanian Diet in 1652, during his father's life. However, because of the disastrous Polish campaign of 1657 and its consequences, the Ottoman Porte removed his father from the throne in 1660, and prohibited any Rákóczi to ascend the Transylvanian throne. This left Francis unable to come by his father's legacy; he therefore withdrew to his estates in Royal Hungary.
Notably, the Rákóczi family was Calvinist, and they were staunch supporters of the Calvinist cause. However, Francis' mother, Zsófia Báthori came from a Catholic family, and converted to Calvinism merely for the sake of her marriage, only to leave Calvinism, re-convert to Catholicism and become a bulwark of Hungarian Counter-Reformation after his husband's death. Francis Rákóczi also became a catholic with her, thus acquiring favour with the Catholic Habsburg Court. He was made a count in 1664.
In 1666 Francis married Jelena Zrinska ("Ilona Zrínyi" in Hungarian), a Croatian countess, and joined the Wesselényi conspiracy ("Zrinski-Frankopan conspiracy" in Croatia), one leader of which was Jelena's father, Petar Zrinski (Hungarian: Zrínyi Péter). Francis soon became the leader of the conspiracy, and, as a culmination of their anti-Habsburg stratagems, started an armed uprising of nobles in Upper Hungary, while the other conspirators were supposed to start the fight in Croatia. Due to poor organization and discord between the conspirators, however, the Austrian authorities were well informed; they quickly suppressed the Croatian branch of the revolt.
When Rákóczi was informed of Petar Zrinski being captured by the Austrians, he laid down his weapons and applied for mercy. All other leaders of the conspiracy were executed for high treason; Rákóczi, for his mother's merits in the Counter-Reformation movement and for a ransom of 300,000 Forints and several castles, was pardoned. 
Francis I had 3 children - György (1667); Julianna Borbála (1672–1717); and Francis II (1676–1735), the future ruling prince of Hungary and leader of a war of independence named after him, who was born a few months before his father's death in 1676.

</doc>
<doc id="18323426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323426" title="Anayurt Oteli">
Anayurt Oteli

Anayurt Oteli (English title: "Motherland Hotel") is a 1986 Turkish film directed by Ömer Kavur. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Yusuf Atılgan.

</doc>
<doc id="18323431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323431" title="No. 17 Radar Station RAAF">
No. 17 Radar Station RAAF

No. 17 Radar Station RAAF was a Royal Australian Air Force radar station formed at Burrewarra Point, Guerilla Bay, New South Wales, Australia on 12 April 1943. The radar became operational on 29 April 1943 after initial training and setting up the radar equipment.
The radar station at Burrewarra Point monitored any enemy airborne threats during World War II. The radar equipment was housed in two concrete reinforced igloo buildings.
No. 17 Radar Station RAAF was disbanded on 4 March 1946. There is currently a commemorative plaque at the location.

</doc>
<doc id="18323435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323435" title="2008 Georgian spy plane shootdowns">
2008 Georgian spy plane shootdowns

2008 Georgian spy plane shootdowns refers to seven occasions during the course of March, April and May 2008 where Georgia's breakaway republic of Abkhazia claimed to have shot down unmanned Georgian reconnaissance aircraft. Georgia initially denied that any of these downings took place, but quickly changed position in the case of the April 20 shootdown, claiming that this downing had been carried out by a fighter jet belonging to the Russian Air Force. This latter fact is denied by both Abkhazia and Russia, but was confirmed by a UNOMIG fact finding mission which represented its results on May 26. The same fact finding mission judged that the spy plane overflights constituted a violation of the 1994 Agreement on a Cease-fire and Separation of Forces (Moscow agreement). On June 1, in a note sent to the Russian delegation at the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), Georgia recognised that two other downings of its spy planes had also taken place.
March 18 spy plane shootdown.
On March 18, 2008, Abkhazia announced that around noon it had shot down an unmanned Georgian reconnaissance aircraft over the border between Ochamchira and Gali districts, near the village of Primorskoe. It said that the spy plane had subsequently crashed into sea. On the same day, the Georgian Ministry of Defence denied that the incident had taken place, although it admitted to possessing unmanned reconnaissance planes. Abkhazia reported to have recovered wreckage from the sea, stating that the spy plane had been produced by Israeli manufacturer Elbit Systems, with serial number 551. Abkhazian Deputy Minister of Defence Gari Kupalba claimed that the downed spy plane had been performing reconnaissance flights over Abkhazia since the summer of 2007.
On March 20, the Abkhazian Parliament passed a resolution in which it declared that recent Georgian actions, amongst which the violating of Abkhazian airspace through reconnaissance flights, indicated that it was preparing for another war.
April 20 spy plane shootdown.
Initial reports.
On April 20, Abkhazia reported that around 10 am of that day, it had shot down another spy plane over the village of Gagida in Gali district. Georgian television station Mze TV reported that this had been confirmed by Georgian State Minister for Reintegration Temur Iakobashvili, while Georgian agency InterPressNews reported that an eyewitness had seen how an unmanned aeroplane flew over the coastline near the village of Primorskoe, followed by a jet, which then shot down the unmanned plane. Still, that day the Georgian Ministry of Defence initially denied that its spy plane had been shot down, stating that it was not conducting any flights over Abkhazia, and that Abkhazian reports were misinformation. In an interview to Mze TV, State Minister for Reintegration Iakobashvili stated that Abkhazia did not possess the technical capability for shooting down unmanned aircraft. According to Iakobashvili there was information that an incident involving an explosion had taken place in the Gali district, and he confirmed that eyewitnesses had seen aircraft, but since Georgia could not send people to the site, it was impossible to determine what had happened. He denounced what had taken place as further attempts to stage a military provocation.
On April 21, Abkhazian Deputy Minister of Defence Kupalba announced that debris of the downed spy plane had been recovered and that the spy plane had been produced by Elbit Systems and that it had been of a similar type as the one shot down March 18. The wreckage was later shown on Russian TV.
Georgian reactions.
Later on April 21, Georgia retracted its previous denial that a spy plane had been downed. Instead, Georgian Colonel David Nairashvili declared towards press agency Reuters that its spy plane had been downed by a Russian MIG-29 fighter jet. As evidence he presented footage which he claimed had been recorded and transmitted by a camera mounted on the spy plane. The footage showed how a jet aircraft fires a missile in the direction of the camera, after which the screen goes blank. According to Reuters, no identification markings are visible on the jet aircraft. Colonel Nairashvili further stated that according to Georgia’s radar records, the MIG-29 had taken off from a base in Abkhazia and had passed into Russia after shooting down the Georgian spy plane.
In a declaration, Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili said that the video footage constituted incontrovertible evidence that the spy plane had been shot down by a Russian MIG-29 fighter jet and that the downing constituted “unprovoked aggression against the sovereign territory of Georgia”, labelling it “an unfriendly move”.
On April 22, President Saakashvili confirmed that Georgia had bought around 40 spy planes from Israel.
On May 4, the Georgian Ministry of Defence said a group of experts from the Baltic states and the United States had completed an investigation into the circumstances of the April 20 spy plane shootdown, would release a report “in the nearest future” and that furthermore, another international group of experts would conduct a separate probe.
On May 12, speaking at a joint press briefing with visiting five EU foreign ministers in Tbilisi, Georgian president Saakashvili said:
“I want to say that recent actions by the Russian Federation are source of concern. We urge the European Union to formally investigate [...] incident involving incursion of the Russian jet into the Georgian airspace, which conducted military action”
Russian reactions.
In response to Georgian accusations, Russia denied that its fighter jet had downed the Georgian spy plane, declaring that as April 20 had been a Sunday, its pilots had enjoyed a rest day and that consequently none of its jets had taken off.
On April 21, a phone conversation took place between Georgian President Saakashvili and Russian Predident Vladimir Putin, lasting about 40 minutes., which was described by Saakashvili as "not easy". In the conversation, Saakashvili demanded that Russia should “stop attacks on Georgia”. According to the Kremlin press office, Putin expressed bewilderment over the fact that Georgia should conduct flights with military purposes over the Abkhazian conflict zone. Putin also stressed that overflights in the conflict zone contradict the purpose and spirit of the 1994 Moscow agreement on ceasefire and separation of forces and represent a destabilising factor, leading to escalation of tensions.
Later that day, the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that Georgia’s spy plane had been shot down by Abkhazian air defence forces. It also reiterated that the conducting of flights over the conflict zone constituted a violation of the ceasefire treaty.
“This flight of a spy plane, which can also be used for fire correction, is a violation of not only the 1994 Moscow agreement on ceasefire and separation of forces, but also the relevant resolutions of the UN Security Council. The Moscow agreement clearly reads that there should be no armed forces in the security zone, while the latest resolution of the UN Security Council, which was adopted on April 15, reads that the sides should provide that no unauthorized military activities be carried out in the security zone and the zone of restricted armament.”
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs also stated that the debris of downed spy plane revealed that it had been a Hermes 450 type unmanned aerial vehicles produced by the Israeli firm Elbit Systems, with serial number 553, and that the spy plane downed March 18 had serial number 551.
Russia's ambassador to Georgia Vyacheslav Kovalenko said on April 23 that:
“This drone was downed by the Abkhaz air defense forces. Therefore, any talk or insinuation that the plane was downed by a Russian jet is absolutely groundless.”
In a statement on April 29, the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs claimed on that the video footage showing a fighter jet downing a Georgian spy plane had been fabricated.
“video footage does not warrant trust and raises many question marks. Experts, firstly, have noted a strange manoeuvre by the pilot of the fighter jet, who seems to have deliberately made his aircraft seen by flying beneath the drone prior to the attack.”
The Ministry also said that according to experts, the missile fired by the fighter jet was launched from a pylon attached to the edge of the wing of the airplane, but
“MIG-29 fighter jets in the possession of the Russian air force do not have their pylons attached to the edges of the wings.”
It also claimed that white smoke trails such as seen behind the missile on the footage usually occur from land-to-air missile launches, and never with air-to-air missiles.
“This is not a full list of inconsistencies in the obviously edited video footage. footage does not give a clear picture of when and where the video was recorded. If watched carefully, one can clearly see two roads parallel to the shoreline,” the Russian Foreign Ministry said. “But there aren't such roads in the indicated area of Abkhazia’s coast. Abkhazia's famous sand beaches - 100 meters in width - are not seen in the footage, even though they can be seen by satellite.”
The Russian Foreign Ministry reiterated its position that Georgia's spy plane had been shot down by an L-39 aircraft of the Abkhazian air force and that the spy plane's presence over the conflict zone constituted a violation of the 1994 Moscow agreement on ceasefire and separation of forces.
On May 31, French newspaper Le Monde published an interview with Russian President Putin. In it, he said:
Much is spoken now about downing of several Georgian unmanned aerial vehicles over Abkhazia. But why is not anyone saying anything about the fact, that existing agreements prohibit flights over this conflict territory?
What are these flights? It's reconnaissance. And why do you conduct reconnaissance? To support military actions. Does that mean one of the sides is preparing to spill blood? Do we want that? No one wants that.
American reactions.
In a statement on April 23 the United States Department of State tentatively supported the Georgian version of events: 
“We reiterate our unwavering support for Georgian sovereignty and territorial integrity and are concerned by the presence of a MiG-29 aircraft in Georgian airspace without Georgian authorization, and by the use of weapons from this aircraft in shooting down an unarmed Georgian UAV.”
On May 6, the United States for the first time directly accused Russia of being behind the April 20 shootdown when White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said at a press briefing that the April 20 shootdown constituted a provocative step on the part of Russia.
Other reactions.
On April 30, during the OSCE session in Vienna, the OSCE's Forum for Security Co-operation discussed the April 20 spy plane shootdown. The Chairman-in-Office, Finnish Minister of Foreign Affairs Alexander Stubb said that
“The latest events, including [...] the shooting down of a Georgian unmanned aerial vehicle over Abkhazia, Georgia, on 20 April, [...] have considerably increased tension in the region. [...] I welcome the proposal for a UN-led joint fact-finding group to investigate the incident. The OSCE fully supports UNOMIG's efforts.”
On May 12, Foreign Minister of Canada Maxime Bernier said that his country was following developments in Georgia with “great concern”:
“Recent events, such as the downing of a reconnaissance drone [...] have raised tensions and made a difficult situation worse.”
May 4 spy plane shootdowns.
On May 4, both Abkhazian and Russian authorities claimed that Abkhazian air defence had shot down two more Georgian spy planes that day. According to Abkhazia, both spy planes had been shot down over the Gali district, the first at 4:06 pm local time over the village of Dikhazurga and the second at 4:51 pm local time over the village of Bargebi. The Abkhazian Ministry of Defence later also reported to have shown debris of both downed spy planes to local journalists.
Russian reactions.
According to a statement of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the two Georgian spy planes had been conducting “unauthorized flights” over Abkhazia, describing the fact that the Abkhazians would shoot them down as “natural”. Furthermore, according to the Ministry, the latest incidents demonstrated that Tbilisi had “ignored our warnings” about the danger of violating the provisions of the 1994 Moscow agreement on ceasefire and separation of forces.
“Resorting to adventures with unmanned reconnaissance planes and speeding up military preparations in the conflict zone, the authorities in Tbilisi have taken the path of deliberately escalating tension in the region.”
Georgian reactions.
Georgian authorities denied that any of its spy planes had been shot down. Georgia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated that
“the information is yet another Russian provocation aimed at information-propagandistic support of Russia’s military intervention.”
The Ministry further denounced the fact that the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs had described the alleged shootdowns as “natural”:
“This indicates clearly that the Russian Federation’s so-called peacekeeping operation, carried out under cover of the CIS, has in fact turned into fiction and now represents nothing more than open military aggression against Georgia with the aim of annexing part of our territory.”
The Ministry added that Georgian spy planes would not stop flying over Abkhazia:
“ were flying, are flying and will continue flying over sovereign Georgian airspace to gather full information about the Russian military intervention.”
On May 5 the Georgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs notified Russia that it withdrew from its air defence cooperation treaty with Russia, originally signed in 1995.
May 5 spy plane overflight.
On May 5, Abkhazian authorities claimed that early on that day they had again observed a Georgian spy plane fly over its territory, but that it had deliberately not been shot down. According to Abkhazian Minister of Defence, Merab Kishmaria:
“Despite the fact that we shot down two drones yesterday, today our radars observed again a spy plane over the Ochamchira district, which came from the direction of Georgia. At this time we did not shoot it down.”
May 8 spy plane shootdown.
On May 8, Abkhazian authorities claimed to have shot down a further spy plane. According to Deputy Minister of Defence Kupalba, the Georgian spy plane was shot down over the Ochamchira district at 5:10pm local time by Abkhazian anti-aircraft systems.
On May 9, Kupalba claimed that the Georgian spy plane allegedly downed May 8 had carried an air-to-air missile.
“The ammunition it was carrying represented danger for both civilians and peacekeeping troops.”
Georgian reactions.
Georgia once again denied that any shootdown had taken place, with the head of the Ministry of the interior's information and analytical department Shota Utiashvili saying “That is a lie” and president Saakashvili declaring that “nothing has been shot down”.
On May 12, the Georgian Ministry of Internal Affairs released footage shot by its unmanned reconnaissance drone showing, what it said was, movement and deployment of the Russian troops and their military hardware in Abkhazia.
According to Utiashvili:
“Our drones are conducting reconnaissance of the Abkhaz territory to identify where the Russian and Abkhaz armed forces and military hardware are concentrated.”
Utiashvili claimed that the footage had been recorded on May 8 and he pointed out the fact that Abkhazia claimed to have shot down a spy plane on that day:
“But as you see the drone has returned and brought very valuable information. We have not lost any drone since April 20, when our unmanned aerial vehicle was shot down by the Russian jet. The Abkhaz side simply does not possess capability that could pose a threat to our unmanned aerial vehicle.”
May 12 spy plane shootdowns.
On May 12, Abkhazia claimed that it had shot down yet two more spy planes over Ochamchira district. It said that the first shootdown happened around 14:16 pm local time over the village of Shesheleti and the second about an hour later over the village of Achigwara, and that debris of one of the two shootdowns had been found. According to Deputy Defence Minister Kupalba these spy planes too were Hermes 450 produced by Elbit Systems.
Officials in Tbilisi denied the report.
Russian reactions.
On May 12, acting spokesman of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs Boris Malakhov criticised United States diplomat Mathew Bryza for having defended the use of Georgian spy planes over Abkhazia.
“At the same time, besides the reconnaissance activities and fire correction, the unmanned aerial vehicle can carry an air-to-air missile. [...] The statements of the U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State made in Tbilisi and Sokhumi are in the line of the U.S. Administration’s efforts to cover up and to shield from criticism those, whom they are actively dragging into NATO.”
On May 20, Russian Minister of Foreign Affairs Sergey Lavrov, speaking at a hearing at the Russian State Duma said
“Practical actions of the Georgian leadership, which are accompanied by provocations, [...] do not back Georgia’s claim about its readiness to build a dialogue between the conflicting sides. Georgia [...] continues flights the conflict zone in Abkhazia. In particular, within past month the Abkhazian side downed seven Georgian reconnaissance drones,”
UNOMIG Fact-Finding Team.
Findings.
On May 26, the conclusions were publicised of an investigation into the spy plane downings conducted by a fact-finding team of the UN Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG). It found that the fighter plane that shot down a spy plane on April 20 had indeed been Russian. The fact-finding team judged that both Georgian air radar data and the video footage were authentic. Based on the fighter jet's twin-tail marking and the location of the air intakes, it concluded that the aircraft seen on the video was either a MiG-29 or a Su-27. Given this, and given the fact that after the shootdown, the radar record showed the aircraft heading north towards Maykop/Krasnodar into Russian airspace, and in the absence of any evidence to the contrary, the fact-finding team concluded that the aircraft belonged to the Russian air force.
The fact finding mission was unable to determine whether, as Georgia claimed, the aircraft had taken off from the Bombora military airfield near Gudauta. It said that this was possible, but that another scenario was that the jet aircraft had come in at low altitude from somewhere else and then ascended in the vicinity of Gudauta.
The fact-finding mission further judged that
“a reconnaissance mission by a military aircraft, whether manned or unmanned, constituted “military action” and therefore contravened the Moscow Agreement.”
“However legitimate this purpose may seem to the Georgian side, it stands to reason that this kind of military intelligence-gathering is bound to be interpreted by the Abkhaz side as a precursor to a military operation, particularly in a period of tense relations between the sides.”
UNOMIG's fact-finding commission confirmed that debris from the March 18 and May 12 shootdowns also originated from Hermes 450 aircraft.
Georgian reactions.
In reaction to the fact-finding team's report, Georgian President Saakashvili welcomed its conclusions:
“The UN issued a conclusion, which directly accuses the Russian Federation of an act of aggression against Georgia and confirms that Russian jet has bombed the Georgian territory. This is the first case when an international organization and especially UN, without general phrases, has directly pointed its finger at Russia.”
On May 27, the Georgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that Georgia
“categorically demands from the Russian Federation to make an official apology for the act of aggression directed against Georgia, ensure appropriate compensation for the material loss.”
The Ministry also renewed demands for an international inspection of the Gudauta military base (Bombora airfield), from which it claimed the fighter jet took off on April 20.
On May 29, Georgia's Ambassador to the United Nations Irakli Alasania labelled the April 20 shootdown “an aggressive military act” that had further undermined Russia’s role of mediator and facilitator. He also stated that Georgia did not consider overflights of unmanned, unarmed reconnaissance aircraft over the conflict zone violation of the Moscow agreement, since it was Georgia’s "sovereign right" to observe and monitor its territory and “illegal movement” of Abkhazian and Russian forces.
Russian reactions.
On May 26, Russia again denied being responsible for the April 20 shootdown. According to Russian air force spokesman Alexander Drobishevsky:
“It is even pointless to speak about violation of the Georgian state border and especially about downing of the Georgian unmanned aerial vehicle.”
According to Russian ambassador in Georgia Kovalenko
“In any story one should look for a root cause. When we know a root cause, the consequence becomes very clear. In my opinion, in this particular case the root cause is that the drone should not have flown there. It is a very troublesome zone for now.”
In a statement on May 27, the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs called the evidence on which the fact-finding mission's conclusions are based "questionable":
“We do not mean to question competence of specialists from the UNOMIG. It is about partiality of evidence on which the entire investigation UNOMIG was built – video footage and data from certain radars.”
It further claimed that the Georgian air radar data did "not coincide with those available for us”. The Ministry also stressed the fact-finding team's judgment that Georgia's reconnaissance flights constituted military action and therefore contravened the Moscow agreement:
“This very flight the drone on April 20 was a root cause of the incident itself.”
“Unfortunately, the Georgian side instead of stopping provocations involving flights of UAV, increased the number of flights. These flights took a systematic nature, which only increase tensions in the conflict zone… It is important that UNOMIG continues investigation of the root cause of the problem.”
Security Council meeting.
On May 30, the Security Council of the United Nations met to discuss the April 20 downing of Georgia's spy plane and the findings of the UNOMIG fact-finding team. The meeting had been requested by Georgia on May 29.
Absence of the Abkhazian side.
Russia had originally wanted the Abkhazian side to be present at the Security Council meeting, but Georgia was strongly opposed to this. Georgian Ambassador to the United Nations Alasania said that this would be “fundamentally infringing existing arrangements under the UN-led Geneva peace process”:
“I can hardly imagine this institution allowing the representatives of the separatist insurgents, who are implicated and who are perpetrators of the ethnic cleansing to be present at this international forum. Frankly I also think that it is not in the best interests of the Russia to set this kind of precedent, because then the questions arise why can’t other representatives of the separatist movements be allowed at the UN forums.”
“So I think it is really time for the Russian Federation’s delegation in the UN to drop using this leverage at the Security Council and sabotaging the Security Council meeting because of this reason.”
Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin said that Russia had given up its demand in the end because it did not want to block all discussion of the incident.
“We expressed our disappointment that there is no possibility to discuss the Abkhazian side. Without their participation it cannot be objective, full, comprehensive and serious.”
On May 30, Russian Minister of Foreign Affairs Lavrov said that it would be “senseless” to discuss the April 20 spy plane downing at the Security Council without participation of the Abkhazian side:
“The fact that they have been refused to participate in this discussion indicates that there is something dirty in this initiative.”
“essence of the crisis is that the Georgian side is roughly violating its commitments. It [the April 20 incident was not the single case; seven drones have been shot down and even more were overflying the conflict zone, which in accordance to the UN Security Council decision should not be the zone for military actions.”
Lavrov reiterated Russia's position that Georgian spy plane overflights were the root of the problem:
“This should be dealt with first; the disease itself should be cured and not its symptoms.”
American reactions.
United States Deputy Representative to the United Nations Alejandro Wolff said that it was not clear from the 1994 Moscow agreement whether the spy plane overflights constituted a violation:
“We believe the ceasefire agreement of 1994, the Moscow agreement, at best is unclear on this issue. It's an interpretation as to whether a UAV reconnaissance craft that cannot be armed constitutes military action.”
“We have a separate issue, which is a conclusion now reached by the UNOMIG independent investigators that the Russian aircraft flying from Russia, flew into the Georgian territory and shot down [Georgia’s] UAVs and that is very dangerous development, highly provocative and clearly is a violation of Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity.”
Georgian reactions.
During the Security Council Meeting, Georgian Ambassador Alasania said that that following the UNOMIG Fact-Finding Team's judgment that its spy plane flights over Abkhazia violated the 1994 Moscow agreement on ceasefire and separation of forces it had ceased them, but that they would be resumed in the event of threat. 
“I openly said the meeting of the UN Security Council session that since the report was issued, the Georgian side stopped overflights to honor the words of the current report. It doesn't mean that we will not use these military capabilities if the threat will occur in the region… But at this point since the report came out we’ve stopped these overflights.”
According to Alasania, the Russian explanation of the April 20 spy plane shootdown which it provided during the Security Council meeting was “not comprehensible”, nor “viable”. He further said that the Russian side had not strongly denied its involvement in the April 20 spy plane shootdown, but instead tried to shift emphasis onto the spy plane overflights.
“The largest part of the members reiterated their strong condemnation of the act of aggression against the Georgian sovereignty by the Russian military aircraft.”
Russian reactions.
Russia's Ambassador to the United Nations Churkin responded to Alasania's remarks by saying:
“Ambassador Alasania chose again to put into the mouth of Security Council members the words that they have not actually used, like ‘aggression’ and stuff like that; but you know our Georgian friends are very temperamental so they tend to do that time to time.”
He also said that he regretted Alasania’s remarks that Georgia reserved for itself the right to resume spy plane overflights.
“We emphasized the UN Security Council meeting that one thing is clear is that flight of drone is violation and provocation that triggered the incident.”
According to Churkin, during the Security Council meeting he had pointed out “technical inconsistencies” in the Fact-Finding Team's findings, noting that nothing in the report indicated that the fighter jet had crossed into Abkhazia from the Russian Federation.
“There also was no conversation between the pilot and ground control. Experts tell me that it is virtually impossible to shoot down a drone from a fighter jet without communication between the pilot and ground control. So something is missing in the entire puzzle.”
Churkin also reiterated Russia’s position that the footage used as evidence was fabricated. He added that Russia was prepared to conduct a “thorough investigation” also involving foreign experts.
Churkin repeated Russia's stance that discussions of this type at the UN are not objective without participation of the Abkhazian side, although he claimed that awareness amongst Security Council members of the need to include the Abkhazian side had increased, and he expressed hope that next time indeed the Abkhazian side would be invited.
In a statement on May 31 Russia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs declared that during the Security Council meeting, Georgia had failed to put the blame for the April 20 spy plane downing on Russia. It added:
“We have expressed our readiness to carry out a serious investigation with the involvement of foreign experts, instead of unilateral and hasty one was conducted by UNOMIG. Only in this case we will believe that the truth about the April 20 incident is found.”
Abkhazian military hardware used in the spy plane shootdowns.
Both Abkhazia and Russia claim that the April 20 spy plane was downed by an Abkhazian L-39 aircraft.
On May 6, Abkhazian Minister of Foreign Affairs Sergei Shamba declared that a Buk ground-to-air air defence system had been used in the downing of the Georgian spy planes. This was the first time that Abkhazian authorities officially acknowledged that Abkhazia military possessed this advanced anti-aircraft system.
According to Shamba, the Buk system was a leftover from the 1992-1993 war with Georgia.
Georgian authorities had claimed earlier that Buk systems had been transferred from Russia to Abkhazia in 2007 as part of a larger package of military support.
In response to Shamba's statement Georgian officials declared that the fact that Abkhazia possessed Buk systems constituted a violation of existing agreements. In a statement the Georgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs called on UNOMIG “to urgently launch probing into the presence of anti-aircraft defense systems and their use in Abkhazia and to immediately acquaint the international community with the results of this probe.”

</doc>
<doc id="18323439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323439" title="Lawrence A. May">
Lawrence A. May

Dr. Lawrence A. May (born 1948) is an American physician, author and public speaker. He was voted one of the Best Doctors in Los Angeles and one of the Best Doctors in America by Los Angeles Magazine. He is the former chairman of Herbalife Medical Advisory Board. May has appeared on numerous television programs as a medical authority. He is also the clinical director for Targeted Medical Pharma, Inc.
He is married to Sarita Gilbert May and has two children.
Background.
May grew up in Brooklyn, New York and attended Midwood High School. He graduated Magna Cum Laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Harvard College in 1970 and received his M.D. from Harvard Medical School in 1974.
Books.
In 1974, at the age of 25, May published his first book with Random House: "Getting In—A Guide to Acceptance by the College of Your Choice" (with Joel Levine). His second book, "Getting the Most Out of Your Doctor" was published by Basic Books in 1978. Since then, May has written seven additional books on subjects as varied as bicycling and disease description. He is the author of the widely utilized medical textbook, "Primary Care Medicine".
Medical Practice.
May specializes in all facets of internal medicine. His clinical practice is located in the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles, California. May has consulted for the Cancer Prevention Society, The State of California Board of Medical Quality Assurance and McNeil Pharmaceuticals.
He was a member of the board of Governors of Encino, Tarzana Regional Medical Center and the University of California, Los Angeles faculty. He is a fellow of the American College of Physicians

</doc>
<doc id="18323443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323443" title="Jalan Gula">
Jalan Gula

Jalan Gula (Perak state route ) is a major road in Perak, Malaysia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18323453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323453" title="Tang Di">
Tang Di

Tang Di (; (ca. 1287–a1355), style name as Zihua (子華), pseudonym as Dunzhai, was a Chinese landscape painter during the Yuan Dynasty (1279–1368).
Tang Di was born in the Zhejiang province. Tang Di's poetry and painting were celebrated by the local aristocracy while he was still a young artist. He initially studied the landscape style of Chao Meng-fu. He later also turned to the styles of Wei Yen, Li Ch'eng, and Kuo Hsi. In 1338, Tang Di painted "Fishermen Returning on a Frosty Bank". 

</doc>
<doc id="18323472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323472" title="Pteridomania">
Pteridomania

Pteridomania or Fern-Fever was a craze for ferns. Victorian decorative arts presented the fern motif in pottery, glass, metal, textiles, wood, printed paper, and sculpture, with ferns "appearing on everything from christening presents to gravestones and memorials".
Description.
"Pteridomania", meaning "Fern Madness" or "Fern Craze", a compound of "Pteridophytes" and "mania", was coined in 1855 by Charles Kingsley in his book "Glaucus, or the Wonders of the Shore":
Your daughters, perhaps, have been seized with the prevailing 'Pteridomania'...and wrangling over unpronounceable names of species (which seem different in each new Fern-book that they buy)...and yet you cannot deny that they find enjoyment in it, and are more active, more cheerful, more self-forgetful over it, than they would have been over novels and gossip, crochet and Berlin-wool.
According to one author:
Although the main period of popularity of ferns as a decorative motif extended from the 1850s until the 1890s, the interest in ferns had really begun in the late 1830s when the British countryside attracted increasing numbers of amateur and professional botanists. New discoveries were published in periodicals, particularly "The Phytologist: a popular botanical miscellany", which first appeared in 1844. Ferns proved to be a particularly fruitful group of plants for new records because they had been studied less than flowering plants. Also, ferns were most diverse and abundant in the wilder, wetter, western and northern parts of Britain which were becoming more accessible through the development of better roads and the railway.
Collection and cultivation.
The collection of ferns drew enthusiasts from different social classes and it is said that "even the farm labourer or miner could have a collection of British ferns which he had collected in the wild and a common interest sometimes brought people of very different social backgrounds together."
For some a fashionable hobby and for others a more serious scientific pursuit, fern collecting became commercialised with the sale of merchandise for fern collectors. Equipped with "The Ferns of Great Britain and Ireland" or one of the many other books sold for fern identification, collectors sought out ferns from dealers and in their native habitats across the British Isles and beyond. Fronds were pressed in albums for display in homes. Live plants were also collected for cultivation in gardens and indoors. Nurseries provided not only native species but exotic species from the Americas and other parts of the world.
The Wardian case, a forerunner of the modern terrarium, was invented about 1829 by a physician to protect his ferns from the air pollution of 19th century London. Wardian cases soon became features of stylish drawing rooms in Western Europe and the United States and helped spread the fern craze and the craze for growing orchids that followed. Ferns were also cultivated in fern houses (greenhouses devoted to ferns) and in outdoor ferneries.
Besides approximately seventy native British species and natural hybrids of ferns, horticulturalists of this era were very interested in so-called "monstrosities" – odd variants of wild species. From these they selected hundreds of varieties for cultivation. "Polystichum setiferum", "Athyrium filix-femina", and "Asplenium scolopendrium", for example, each yielded about three hundred different varieties.
Decorative art.
Fern motifs first became conspicuous at the 1862 International Exhibition and remained popular "as fond symbol of pleasurable pursuits" until the turn of the century.
As fern fronds are somewhat flat they were used for decoration in ways that many other plants could not be. They were glued into collectors' albums, affixed to three dimensional objects, used as stencils for "spatter-work", inked and pressed into surfaces for nature printing, and so forth.
Fern pottery patterns were introduced by Wedgwood, Mintons Ltd, Royal Worcester, Ridgeway, George Jones, and others, with various shapes and styles of decoration including majolica. A memorial to Sir William Jackson Hooker, Director of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew was commissioned from Josiah Wedgwood and Sons and erected in Kew Church in 1867 with jasperware panels with applied sprigs representing exotic ferns. A copy was presented to what is now the Victoria and Albert Museum where it may still be seen.
While realistic depictions of ferns were especially favoured in the decorative arts of this period, "Even when the representation was stylised such as was common on engraved glass and metal, the effect was still recognisably 'ferny'." 
Other species.
"Selaginella" and "Lycopodiopsida" and other fern ally plants were also collected and represented on decorative objects.
Effects on native populations.
The zeal of Victorian collectors led to significant reductions in the wild populations of a number of the rarer species. Oblong Woodsia came under severe threat in Scotland, especially in the Moffat Hills. This area once had the most extensive UK populations of the species but there now remain only a few small colonies whose future remains under threat. The related Alpine Woodsia suffered a similar fate, although the risks were not all to the plants. John Sadler, later a curator of the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh, nearly lost his life obtaining a fern tuft on a cliff near Moffat, and a botanical guide called William Williams died collecting Alpine Woodsia in Wales in 1861. His body was found at the foot of the cliff where Edward Lhwyd had first collected the species nearly two centuries earlier.
The Killarney Fern, considered to be one of Europe's most threatened plants and once found on Arran, was thought to be extinct in Scotland due to the activities of 19th century collectors, but the species has since been discovered on Skye in its gametophyte form. Dickie's Bladder-fern, which was discovered growing on base-rich rocks in a sea cave on the coast of Kincardineshire in 1838. By 1860 the original colony seemed to have been extirpated, although the species has recovered and today there is a population of more than 100 plants there, where it grows in a roof fissure.
Outside the United Kingdom.
Pteridomania is "usually considered a British eccentricity", and historians are divided regarding its reach outside the United Kingdom. John D. Scott has written:
The craze seemed to have passed America by – most likely because these same species in America are essentially free of these "freaky" abnormal forms. It may also be due to the fact the American botanists have been for the most part more interested in unravelling the complexities of the species involved in the fern complexes such as Asplenium, Dryopteris, and Botrychium.
On the other hand, historian Sarah Whittingham has "turned up much proof that it reached American shores" in her book, "Fern Fever: The Story of Pteridomania". The American Fern Society was established in 1893 and now has over 900 members worldwide. The society is based at the Indiana University and counts itself as "one of the largest international fern clubs in the world." William Ralph Maxon served repeatedly as the society president.
The Dorrance H. Hamilton Fernery at the Morris Arboretum of the University of Pennsylvania is the only remaining freestanding Victorian fernery in North America. It has a curved Victorian-style glass roof and turned 100 years old in 1999. Designed by John Morris, the arboretum's namesake, the Fernery is said to embody "some of the many passions of the Victorians: a love of collecting, a veneration of nature, and the fashion of romantic gardens...its filigree roof sparkling in sunlight.

</doc>
<doc id="18323474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323474" title="Jalan Kuala Gula">
Jalan Kuala Gula

Jalan Kuala Gula (Perak state route ) is a major road in Perak, Malaysia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18323478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323478" title="ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter">
ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter

The ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter (TGO) is a collaborative project between the European Space Agency (ESA) and the Russian Federal Space Agency (Roscosmos) to send a robotic orbiter-carrier to Mars in 2016 as part of the European-led ExoMars mission.
The TGO would deliver the ExoMars EDM Schiaparelli lander and then proceed to map the sources of methane on Mars and other gases, and in doing so, help select the landing site for the ExoMars rover to be launched on 2018.
History.
Investigations with space and Earth-based observatories, have demonstrated the presence of small amounts of methane on the atmosphere of Mars that has been shown to vary with location and time. This may indicate the presence of life on Mars, but may also be produced by a geochemical process, volcanic or hydrothermal activity.
The challenge to discern the source of methane in the atmosphere of Mars, prompted the independent planning of two orbiters that would carry instruments in order to determine if its formation is of biological or geological origin, as well as its decomposition products such as formaldehyde and methanol.
Attempted collaboration with NASA.
NASA's Mars Science Orbiter (MSO) was originally envisioned in 2008 as an all NASA endeavor aiming for a late 2013 launch window. NASA and ESA officials agreed to pool resources and technical expertise and collaborate to launch only one orbiter. The agreement, called Mars Joint Exploration Initiative, was signed on July 2009 and proposed to utilize an Atlas rocket launcher instead of a Soyuz rocket, which significantly altered the technical and financial setting of the European ExoMars mission. Since the ExoMars rover was originally planned to be carried by the TGO, a prospective agreement would require that the rover lose enough weight to fit aboard the Atlas launch vehicle with NASA's orbiter. Instead of reducing the rover's mass, it was nearly doubled when the mission was combined with other projects to a multi-spacecraft programme divided over two Atlas V-launches: the ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter (TGO) was merged into the project, carrying a static meteorological lander slated for launch in 2016. The European orbiter would carry several instruments originally meant for NASA's MSO, so NASA scaled down the objectives and focused on atmosphere trace gases detection instruments for their incorporation in ESA's ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter.
Under the FY2013 Budget President Obama released on February 13, 2012, NASA terminated its participation in ExoMars due to budgetary cuts in order to pay for the cost overruns of the James Webb Space Telescope. With NASA's funding for this project completely cancelled, most of ExoMars' plans had to be restructured.
Collaboration with Russia.
On March 15, 2012, the ESA's ruling council announced it will press ahead with its ExoMars program in partnership with the Russian space agency (Roscosmos), which plans to contribute two heavy-lift Proton launch vehicles and an additional entry, descent and landing system to the 2018 mission.
Current status.
Under the collaboration proposal with Roscosmos, the ExoMars mission will be split into two parts: the orbiter/lander mission in 2016 that would include the TGO and a static lander build by ESA; this would be followed by the ExoMars rover mission in 2018 —also to be launched with a Russian Proton rocket.
One of the key issues is the ever shortening time window to get the 2016 orbiter ready for flight. Senior figures at ESA and Italian space manufacturer Thales Alenia Space (TAS) scheduled a meeting in late March 2012 to determine whether the preparation schedule is still feasible. Assuming everyone agrees the goals can be achieved in the four years available, a full contract will be released to TAS in April to get the hardware built. An ESA official stated that the mission is likely to be enhanced by the contribution of Russian science instruments that will fly on the TGO.
Specifications.
The proposed specifications are:
Science.
The TGO would separate from the ExoMars stationary lander and provide it with telecommunication relay for 8 sols after landing. Then the TGO would aerobrake for seven months into a more circular orbit for science observations and would provide communications relay for the ExoMars rover to be launched in 2018, and would continue serving as a relay satellite for future landed missions until 2022.
The mission would require detection, characterization of spatial and temporal variation, and localization of sources for a broad suite of atmospheric trace gases:
Nature of the methane source requires measurements of a suite of trace gases in order to characterize potential biochemical and geochemical processes at work. The orbiter would require very high sensitivity to (at least) the following molecules and their isotopomers:
water (H2O), hydroperoxyl (HO2), nitrogen dioxide (NO2), nitrous oxide (N2O), methane (CH4), acetylene (C2H2), ethylene (C2H4), ethane (C2H6), formaldehyde (H2CO), hydrogen cyanide (HCN), hydrogen sulfide (H2S), carbonyl sulfide (OCS), sulfur dioxide (SO2), hydrogen chloride (HCl), carbon monoxide (CO) and ozone (O3). Detection sensitivities would be of 1-10 parts per trillion.
Payload.
Like Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, the Trace Gas Orbiter is a hybrid science-telecom orbiter. Development of the spacecraft's science instruments is well under way. Its maximum science payload mass is projected to be about 115 kg:
Relay telecommunications.
Due to the challenges of entry, descent, and landing, Mars landers are highly constrained in mass, volume, and power. For landed missions, this places severe constraints on antenna size and transmission power, which in turn greatly reduce direct-to-Earth communication capability in comparison to orbital spacecraft. As an example, the capability downlinks on Spirit and Opportunity have only 1/600th the capability of the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter downlink. Relay communication addresses this problem by allowing Mars surface spacecraft to communicate using higher data rates over short-range links to nearby Mars orbiters, while the orbiter takes on the task of communicating over the long-distance link back to Earth. This relay strategy offers a variety of key benefits to Mars landers: increased data return volume, reduced energy requirements, reduced communications system mass, increased communications opportunities, robust critical event communications and "in situ" navigation aide. NASA will provide an Electra telecommunications relay and navigation instrument to assure communications between probes and rovers on the surface of Mars and controllers on Earth. The TGO would provide the EDM lander and ExoMars rover with telecommunication relay and would continue serving as a relay satellite for future landed missions until 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="18323485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323485" title="Ficus triradiata">
Ficus triradiata

Ficus triradiata, commonly known as the red stipule fig is a hemiepiphytic fig that is endemic to the wet tropical rainforests of northeastern Queensland, Australia.
Description.
"Ficus triradiata" is a monoecious tree which grows up to 25 m (82 ft) tall. Its leaves are 33–163 mm long (1.3–6.4 in) long and 10–66 mm (0.4–2.6 in) wide. Its syconia are cream, yellow, orange or pink in colour, 21–26 mm (0.8–1.0 in) long and 15–26 mm (0.6–1.0 in) in diameter. It begins life as a hemiepiphyte.

</doc>
<doc id="18323486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323486" title="Ciidae">
Ciidae

The minute tree-fungus beetles, family Ciidae, are a sizeable group of beetles which inhabit Polyporales bracket fungi or coarse woody debris. Most numerous in warmer regions, they are nonetheless widespread and a considerable number of species occur as far polewards as Scandinavia for example.
Description.
As their name implies, minute tree-fungus beetles are tiny, about 0.5 to 5 mm long. Their body is short and cylindrical, often convex, sometimes with a smooth coat of fine short hairs, sometimes being covered in long bristly hairs. They are mostly dark brown or blackish. The short antennae consist of 8–10 segments. The pronotum is wider than long and often forming a quite prominent helmet-like structure. The elytra do not taper noticeably over most of their length. The legs are short, the tibiae of the forelegs often bear characteristic extensions at the ends.
Ecology.
These beetles usually inhabit Polyporaceae or more rarely Corticiaceae bracket fungi. The larvae as well as the adults burrow inside the fungi, often choosing old specimens or old tissue. The whole development, from egg to adult, often takes as little as two months; some are parthenogenetic. A few species are pest of commercial fungi, as the case of "Cis chinensis", which infests dried fruiting-bodies of "Ganoderma lucidum".
At least one ciid, "Falsocis brasiliensis", is a threatened species. It occurs only in small forest remnants of the Northeast and Southeast Regions of Brazil.
Minute tree-fungus beetles are food for many predatory insects, like rove beetles (Staphylinidae), checkered beetles (Cleridae) and parasitoid wasp larvae.

</doc>
<doc id="18323522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323522" title="Peel Sound">
Peel Sound

Peel Sound is an Arctic waterway in the Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada. It separates Somerset Island on the east from Prince of Wales Island on the west. To the north it opens onto Parry Channel while its southern end merges with Franklin Strait.
There are several named islands within the sound, including: Lock, Vivian, Prescott, Pandora, Otrick, Barth, De la Roquette, and Gibson.
Sir John Franklin passed through the strait in 1846. Its east side was traced by James Clark Ross in 1849. In 1858 Francis Leopold McClintock tried to penetrate it and was blocked by ice. The same thing happened to Allen Young in 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="18323532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323532" title="Ficus watkinsiana">
Ficus watkinsiana

Ficus watkinsiana, commonly known as Strangler fig, Watkins' fig, Nipple fig or the Green-leaved Moreton Bay Fig is a hemiepiphytic fig that is endemic to Australia. The species exists in three populations—one in northeast Queensland and the other in southeast Queensland and northeast New South Wales.
Description.
"Ficus watkinsiana" is a monoecious tree which grows up to 50 m (165 ft) tall. Its leaves are 51–217 mm long (2–8.5 in) long and 26–97 mm (1.0–3.8 in) wide. Its syconia are deep purple to black in colour, 24–37 mm (0.9–1.5 in) long and 18–29 mm (0.7–1.1 in) in diameter. It begins life as a hemiepiphyte.
Uses.
The fruit is black and spotted when ripe, and is of fair quality in flavour.
The root can be dried, and thanks to the hollow tubes within it can then be smoked producing calming or pain relieving effects, as recommended in the SAS encyclopedia of survival.

</doc>
<doc id="18323547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323547" title="Peace (surname)">
Peace (surname)

Peace, as a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18323552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323552" title="Chinese Family Panel Studies">
Chinese Family Panel Studies

Chinese Family Panel Studies (CFPS) is designed by representative experts from all social sciences departments, schools, and institutes in Peking University, PKU. It’s funded by the national 985 program and started in the early of 2007.
CFPS has 16,000 sample households in nation wide. In each of the sample household, CFPS interviews all members of the family.
CFPS collects data individuals, family, and community and has 4 questionnaires: Community, Family, Adolescent and Adult.
The themes cover social, economic, education, health and so forth. CFPS has covered most questions in 4 panel surveys (PSID, CDS, HRS, and NYLS) in US. 
The basic idea of CFPS is to understand social and economic changes in general through data in individual, family, and community.
CFPS has done its pretest in Beijing, Shanghai, and Hebei Province in 2007. Currently CFPS is doing pilot survey in Beijing, Shanghai, and Guangdong Province in total samples: 96 communities, 2,400 households, and about 10,000 individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="18323590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323590" title="Music of the SaGa series">
Music of the SaGa series

"SaGa" is a series of science fiction role-playing video games produced by Square, now Square Enix. The series originated on the Game Boy in 1989 as the creation of Akitoshi Kawazu. It has since continued across multiple platforms, from the Super Nintendo Entertainment System to the PlayStation 2, and like the "Final Fantasy" series, the story in each "SaGa" game is independent of its counterparts. The music of the "SaGa" series consists of musical scores and arranged albums from various composers. Some of these composers have created soundtracks and pieces for other Square Enix franchises including the "Final Fantasy" series and "Mana" series. The "SaGa" series is divided up between the original series, released as the "Final Fantasy Legend" series in North America, the "Romancing SaGa" series, the "SaGa Frontier" series, and "Unlimited SaGa".
The music of the original series was composed by Nobuo Uematsu, Kenji Ito, Ryuji Sasai, and Chihiro Fujioka. Ito went on to be the composer for the "Romancing SaGa" series, with each arranged album from the series arranged by a different artist off of Ito's work. Ito composed the soundtrack for the first game of the "SaGa Frontier" series, but was replaced by Masashi Hamauzu for the second game of the series and "Unlimited SaGa". Music from the original soundtracks of the "SaGa" games has been arranged as sheet music for the piano and published by DOREMI Music Publishing, while tracks from "Romancing SaGa Minstrel Song" were played at the Press Start -Symphony of Games- 2006 concert and Extra: Hyper Game Music Event 2007 concert in Tokyo and a piece from "SaGa Frontier 2" was played at the fifth Symphonic Game Music Concert, held in Leipzig, Germany on August 22, 2007.
"SaGa".
The original "SaGa" series consists of "Makai Toushi Sa·Ga" (lit. "Warrior in the Tower of the Spirit World ~ Sa·Ga"), released for the Game Boy in 1989, "Sa·Ga2: Hihō Densetsu" ("Sa·Ga2 ~ The Treasure Legend"), and "Jikuu no Hasha ~ Sa·Ga 3 Hen" ("The Ruler of Time and Space ~ Sa·Ga3 Chapter"), both of which were released for the Game Boy in 1990. The three games were published in North America as "The Final Fantasy Legend", "Final Fantasy Legend II", and "Final Fantasy Legend III". The original releases spawned only one album to date, a combined soundtrack album for all three games. Another album was released in Japan on September 9, 2009, "SaGa 2 Hihou Densetsu Goddess of Destiny Original Soundtrack", which is the soundtrack album for the Nintendo DS remake of "SaGa 2", "SaGa 2 Hihou Densetsu Goddess of Destiny". The soundtrack for the DS remake of "SaGa 3", "SaGa 3 Jikuu no Hasha Shadow or Light Original Soundtrack", was released on January 12, 2011.
The music of "SaGa 1" was composed by Nobuo Uematsu, and that of "SaGa 2" by Uematsu and Kenji Ito, while the music of "SaGa 3" was composed by Ryuji Sasai and Chihiro Fujioka. Uematsu has stated that while "SaGa 1"s music could be made of better quality, the emphasis was on enjoying the game, and not solely its appearance or sound. The Game Boy's sound hardware was different from that of the Famicom, which Uematsu was used to composing for at the time, with new stereo and waveforms and only three notes; as a result, Uematsu struggled with deciding how to work with these, developing new themes for the music in the process despite "SaGa 1"s director Akitoshi Kawazu's desire to have the music be in the same vein as Square's preceding "Final Fantasy" titles. Uematsu has stated that the Game Boy was a system he would like to compose for again. "SaGa 2" was the first soundtrack or album that Kenji Ito worked on.
"All Sounds of SaGa".
"All Sounds of SaGa" is a compilation album of the soundtracks for "The Final Fantasy Legend", "Final Fantasy Legend II", and "Final Fantasy Legend III". The first album of the two-disc set is split between 15 tracks from "SaGa 1" and 19 tracks from "SaGa 2", while the second disc holds 20 "SaGa 3" tracks and an arranged medley of "SaGa 1" tracks by Uematsu. The album was published on December 21, 1991 by NTT Publishing/Square with a catalog number of N32D-007/8 and re-released on December 15, 2004 by NTT Publishing with a catalog number of NTCP-1004/5. The album has a total length of 1:28:18 and 55 tracks.
The soundtrack was well received by reviewers such as Patrick Gann of RPGFan, who held that it contained some of the "best composition" in any video game soundtrack. He credited the excellence of the soundtrack to the limited audio resources the composers had to work with on the Game Boy, which in his opinion forced them to be more creative in their compositions. He did note, however, that he felt that the extra arranged medley, while good, was not "anything special". Kero Hazel from Square Enix Music Online had similar comments on the album, praising the composition of the album and its ability to "push the Game Boy sound hardware to its limit", and also felt the arranged medley was lacking. Hazel added that in their opinion the sound quality of the recording equipment used was not as high-quality as would be expected.
Tracklist
"SaGa 2 Hihou Densetsu Goddess of Destiny Original Soundtrack".
"SaGa 2 Hihou Densetsu Goddess of Destiny Original Soundtrack" is an album of music from the Nintendo DS remake of "SaGa 2", "SaGa 2 Hihou Densetsu Goddess of Destiny". The album was released by Square Enix on September 9, 2009 with the catalog number of SQEX-10171. It includes music from the original game remixed for the DS by Kenji Ito as well as eight new tracks composed for the remake by Ito. The new tracks are "Future Quest", "Muse's Paradise", "To the Lands of Another World", "Thrill! Surrounded By Enemies", "The Whereabouts of the Fierce Battles", "The Goddess of Destiny", "Twilight Courtesan Journey", and "Militant Meat". The album contains 27 tracks and has a total duration of 1:02:10.
The album was poorly received by Patrick Gann, who described it as, instead of an homage to the original sounds or a full remake with live instruments, a "half-assed synth upgrade" which left the pieces sounding neither new nor classic, but instead just dated. He concluded that the "compositions are far more interesting in their original Game Boy format than on this new arrangement".
"SaGa 3 Jikuu no Hasha Shadow or Light Original Soundtrack".
"SaGa 3 Jikuu no Hasha Shadow or Light Original Soundtrack" is an album of music from the Nintendo DS remake of "SaGa 3", "SaGa 3 Jikuu no Hasha Shadow or Light". Square Enix released the album on January 12, 2011 with the catalog number of SQEX-10221. It includes music from the original game remixed for the DS by Ryuji Sasai and Kenji Ito, as well as new tracks composed by the two. The album contains 27 tracks and has a total duration of 1:12:03.
The album was well received by Jayson Napolitano of Original Sound Version, who described it as a rock reinterpretation of the originals. He claimed that Ito "does a stellar job throughout", and that Sasai, while not as consistent, also generally does a good job. he felt that there were only a few pieces that did not do a good job presenting their original works.
"Romancing SaGa".
The "Romancing SaGa" subseries of games consists of "Romancing SaGa", released in 1992 for the Super Famicom, "Romancing SaGa 2", released on the Super Famicom in 1993, and "Romancing SaGa 3", released on the Super Famicom in 1995. An enhanced remake of the first game was made for the PlayStation 2 in 1995 called "Romancing SaGa Minstrel Song"; this version was the only "Romancing SaGa" game to be published in North America. The series has sparked nine albums: a soundtrack album for each of the three games, an album of arrangements of "Romancing SaGa 1" music in a French musical style, three albums of orchestral arrangements of music from "Romancing SaGa 2", "3", and "Minstrel Song", a promotional soundtrack album for "Romancing SaGa 3", and a single for "Minuet", the theme song of "Minstrel Song". The music for all of the "Romancing SaGa" series was composed by Kenji Ito, while each arranged album was arranged by a different artist and "Minuet" was written, composed and sung by Masayoshi Yamazaki. Ito created the music of each soundtrack based on images from the games, though he never played the games themselves.
"Romancing SaGa Original Sound Version".
"Romancing SaGa Original Sound Version" is a soundtrack album for "Romancing SaGa". It was composed by Kenji Ito, with the exception of one track, "Heartful Tears", which had been composed for "SaGa 1" by Nobuo Uematsu and was arranged by Ito. The album covers 38 tracks and has a duration of 1:02:50. It was first published by Square on February 21, 1992 with the catalog number N25D-009, and reprinted by NTT Publishing on November 25, 1995 with the number PSCN-5036 and on October 1, 2004 with the number NTCP-5036. The first 34 tracks come from the game, while the last four tracks are bonus tracks from other games.
The soundtrack was well received by Patrick Gann, who noted Ito's ability to push the audio hardware of the Super Nintendo to its limit, with various sound effects that were beyond what other similar games were using.
"La Romance".
"Romancing SaGa La Romance" is an album of music from "Romancing SaGa" arranged in a French musical style by Masaaki Mizuguchi. The original tracks were composed by Kenji Ito. The 11-track album has a length of 42:05. It was first released on July 20, 1992 by Square/NTT Publishing with a catalog number of N30D-025. It was reprinted by NTT Publishing on November 25, 1995 and October 1, 2004 with the catalog numbers PSCN-5037 and NTCP-5037.
The album received mixed reviews from critics. Eve C. of RPGFan disliked the album, calling it a "disappointment" and citing that in her opinion it did not sound French, that many of the tracks were "boring", and that the arrangements were "mediocre". Patrick Gann, however, said that he was impressed with the album, applauding the instrumentation and calling it "quite the CD". Dave of Square Enix Music Online mostly agreed with Gann, calling it "extremely diverse" and full of "inspired arrangements", marred only by a couple of disappointing tracks.
"Romancing SaGa 2 Original Sound Version".
"Romancing SaGa 2 Original Sound Version" is a soundtrack album for "Romancing SaGa 2". It was composed by Kenji Ito, with the exception of two tracks, "The Legend Begins" and "Heartful Tears", which were composed by Nobuo Uematsu and arranged by Ito. The album covers 35 tracks and has a duration of 1:12:29. It was first published by Square on December 3, 1993 with the catalog number N25D-022, and reprinted by NTT Publishing on November 25, 1995 with the number PSCN-5038 and on October 1, 2004 with the number NTCP-5038. The first 30 tracks come from the game, while the next four tracks are bonus dance music tracks and the final track is a different version of the game's prologue theme.
The soundtrack was warmly received by reviewers such as Patrick Gann, who said that "while no track on here is amazing, [...] they are all at least fairly good". He also enjoyed the "medieval/renaissance" feeling of the tracks, as well as the relative scarcity of "character themes" compared to the soundtracks of "Romancing SaGa 1" and "3".
"Eternal Romance".
"Romancing SaGa 2 Eternal Romance" is an album of arrangements of music from the "Romancing SaGa 2" soundtrack. The album's 10 tracks were arranged by Ryou Fukui, and were originally composed by Kenji Ito. The soundtrack has a length of 58:17 and was published by NTT Publishing three times: on February 21, 1994 with a catalog number of N30D-025, on November 25, 1995 with the number PSCN-5039, and on October 1, 2004 as NTCP-5039.
The album was appreciated by reviewers such as Dave of Square Enix Music Online, who called it "definitely worth listening to" and applauded the wide variety of instruments as well as the "thought" that went into the tracks. Patrick Gann, on the other hand, said that he felt confused while listening to the album, saying that while it was "interesting, even entertaining", he felt that he was "on the outside of an inside joke" and that only fans of Ito's music would appreciate the album.
"Romancing SaGa 3 Original Sound Version".
"Romancing SaGa 3 Original Sound Version" is a soundtrack album for "Romancing SaGa 3". It was entirely composed by Kenji Ito. The album covers 70 tracks over three discs and has a duration of 2:29:19. It was first published by NTT Publishing on November 25, 1995 with the catalog numbers PSCN-5033~5, and reprinted by NTT Publishing on October 1, 2004 with the numbers NTCP-5033~5.
The album was well received by Patrick Gann, who termed it "above expectations" and "some of Ito's finest work". He highlighted the third disc and the character themes as the best tracks on the album.
Tracklist
"Windy Tale".
"Romancing SaGa 3 Windy Tale" is an arranged album of music from "Romancing SaGa 3". The pieces were arranged by Taro Iwashiro from tracks composed by Kenji Ito. The album's 10 tracks cover a duration of 45:47. It was first published by NTT Publishing on January 25, 1996 with the catalog number PSCN-5043, and reprinted by NTT Publishing on October 1, 2004 with the number NTCP-5043.
The album was well received by critics such as Eric Farand of RPGFan, who appreciated the slower feel of the album which in his opinion allowed it to focus on "delivering beautiful melodies" and made it "a pleasure to listen to". Dave of Square Enix Music Online agreed, saying it took the original soundtrack and "improve an already good album". In his opinion, each track was "masterfully composed" and the album was "diverse" in genres.
"Prologue".
"Romancing SaGa 3 Prologue" is a promotional album of music from "Romancing SaGa 3". The tunes were composed by Kenji Ito. The album contains the character themes from the game, and was included in an identically-titled book detailing the game's story, characters and artwork. The album's eight tracks cover a duration of 18:40. It was published by NTT Publishing on November 11, 1995 with the catalog number RSS-0001.
"Romancing SaGa Minstrel Song Original Soundtrack".
"Romancing SaGa Minstrel Song Original Soundtrack" is an arranged album of music from "Romancing SaGa Minstrel Song", the 2005 enhanced remake of "Romancing SaGa". The tracks were primarily composed by Kenji Ito, with one track contributed by Tsuyoshi Sekito and one track contributed by Nobuo Uematsu, and were arranged from those compositions by Ito and Sekito. When Ito arranged the music of "Romancing SaGa 1" for "Minstrel Song", he felt that because of all of the fans who had played the original game and the change in audio hardware from the Super Famicom to the PlayStation 2 he did not want to simply re-arrange the pieces, but instead tried to "re-make" the soundtrack into something which could stand on its own from the original soundtrack and the game. He spent two years completing the remake. The game's theme song, "Minuet", is sung by Masayoshi Yamazaki. The album's 103 tracks cover a duration of 3:47:32 across four discs. It was published by Universal Music on April 27, 2005 with the catalog numbers UPCH-1411~4.
The album was well received by critics such as Derek Strange of RPGFan, who described it as a "must-have soundtrack" and complimented Ito in both arranging tracks from "Romancing SaGa" "to both sterling and awesome heights" and in composing new tracks that blended well with the older ones. Chris Greening of Square Enix Music Online agreed, saying that it exceeded expectations and was Ito's "finest work to date". Both reviewers cited the fourth disc as the weakest, with Chris referring to it as "mostly filler tracks".
Tracklist
"Minuet".
"Romancing SaGa Minstrel Song: Minuet" is the single for "Minuet", the theme song of "Romancing SaGa Minstrel Song". The song was written, composed, and sung by Masayoshi Yamazaki. The album contains the original song, an acoustic version, and a karaoke version, all performed by Yamazaki. The album's 3 tracks cover a duration of 14:18. It was published by Universal Music on April 13, 2005 with the catalog number UPCH-5303, and also as a limited edition version with the catalog number of UPCH-9176, and included a screensaver and wallpapers for a computer.
Like the soundtrack it was featured on, "Minuet" was well received by critics. Patrick Gann called it "strangely beautiful", and described the genre as either "pop or neo-renaissance". He said that the acoustic version was his favorite version of the song on the album. Totz of Square Enix Music Online called it "a CD with one incredibly wonderful song", but stated that he wished there were more works by Yamazaki on the album than just the one song. He concluded that while the album was definitely "worth it" from a "musical perspective", but might not be from a "buyer's perspective".
"SaGa Frontier".
The "SaGa Frontier" subseries consists of "SaGa Frontier", a 1997 PlayStation game, and "SaGa Frontier 2", released on the PlayStation in 1999. "SaGa Frontier" was composed by Kenji Ito, the last "SaGa" game he has worked on besides the remake of "Romancing SaGa 1", while "SaGa Frontier 2" saw the first work in the series by Masashi Hamauzu. The series has sparked three albums, which are the soundtrack albums to the two games and a collection of piano and orchestral arrangements of music from "SaGa Frontier 2". "SaGa Frontier 2" was the first soundtrack from the "SaGa" series that Ito was not a composer for since "SaGa 3" nine years prior and the second solo project by Hamauzu after Chocobo no Fushigina Dungeon. Hamauzu has stated that his intention for the soundtrack was to "compose outside the field of conventional 'game music'," and that to do this he "took a lot of chances in every possible way". In the liner notes for the soundtrack album, Hamauzu explained that when he began the project he felt pressured to compose music in the same vein as the previous soundtracks in the series, but in the final months before finishing he decided to abandon any preconceived notions of what the music should sound like and instead to "express own unique character".
"SaGa Frontier Original Soundtrack".
"SaGa Frontier Original Soundtrack" is an album of music from "SaGa Frontier", composed by Kenji Ito. The album's 75 tracks cover a duration of 3:33:41 across three discs. The third disc contains a hidden track, track 0, which can be found be rewinding the album back from track 1. The album was published by DigiCube on April 21, 1999 with the catalog number SSCX-10009, and re-released by Square Enix on February 1, 2006 with the catalog numbers SQEX-10058~60.
The album reached #69 on the Japan Oricon charts. It was well received by critics such as RPGFan, which said that almost every track was "excellent" and complimented Ito on combining melodies and styles from his "Romancing SaGa" soundtracks with new styles to form a unique "Frontier" sound. Ashley Winchester of Square Enix Music Online was more hesitant, saying that while the score had a "lighthearted and easy listening quality" that made it "easy to digest", it was also lacking any "real innovation" and its arrangements were "somewhat simpler" than expected.
Tracklist
"SaGa Frontier II Original Soundtrack".
"SaGa Frontier II Original Soundtrack" is an album of music from "SaGa Frontier". The tracks were composed by Masashi Hamauzu. The album's 76 tracks cover a duration of 3:05:14 across three discs. The album was published by DigiCube on April 21, 1999 with the catalog number SSCX-10031, and re-released by Square Enix on February 1, 2006 with the catalog numbers SQEX-10061~3.
The album reached #88 on the Japan Oricon charts. It was well received by critics such as Patrick Gann, who described Hamauzu's inaugural work on the series as "different, but also extremely well-done". He said that the individual tracks were "darn good" and applauded the innovative synthesizer techniques used. Nathan Black of Square Enix Music Online also highly praised the album, calling it "excellent" and saying that it "amazed him". Terming the soundtrack Hamauzu's "first major work", he ascribed the album's quality to Hamauzu wanting to "take chances" and make a name for himself. He concluded that because of this there was nothing "bland", "boring" or "predictable" about the soundtrack.
Tracklist
"Piano Pieces "SF2" ~ Rhapsody on a Theme of SaGa Frontier 2".
"Piano Pieces "SF2" ~ Rhapsody on a Theme of SaGa Frontier 2" is an arranged album of music from "SaGa Frontier 2". The tracks were composed and arranged by Masashi Hamauzu and performed by Naoko Endo, Daisuke Hara, Mikiko Saiki, Daisuke Karasuda, and Michiko Minakata. The album's 24 tracks are broken up into groupings of tracks with the same name, with each group of tracks performed by a different person or group of people. Every grouping but the last consists of piano arrangements, while the last grouping, "Rhapsody on a Theme of SaGa Frontier 2", is a full orchestral arrangement. The album has a length of 50:44. It was published by DigiCube on July 7, 1999 with the catalog number SSCX-10033. The album included a booklet with the full score to all of the piano arrangements in the album. It was reprinted by Square Enix on July 21, 2010, with the catalog number SQEX-10197. This version of the album included an extra track number 25, a new version of "'β' 1", which extended the length of the album to 52:52.
The album was well received by critics such as Patrick Gann, who called it "amazing" and a "must-have". He felt that the "Rhapsody on a Theme" tracks were the best on the album. Aevloss of Square Enix Music Online said that each track was "of a consistently high standard" and that the album as a whole was better than the original soundtrack, which he held to be "very impressive". He singled out the variety of styles used in the album as particularly worthy of praise.
"Unlimited Saga".
"Unlimited Saga" is the newest "SaGa" game, first published on the PlayStation 2 in 2002 and was composed for by Masashi Hamauzu; it has not yet received any sequels. "Unlimited Saga" has sparked two albums, a soundtrack album and a promotional single. In the liner notes for the soundtrack album, Hamauzu estimated that he had completed the tunes for the soundtrack at a rate of one per day. He also noted that the game was Square Enix's first "all streaming audio RPG", which meant that the composer and synthesizer operator could use live recordings of each instrument in the final composition rather than using approximations created in a synthesizer. Despite this, some tracks, including "Judy's Theme", use only synthesized sounds as the synthesizer demo created prior to recording a live version sounded so real as to not need to be re-recorded. Hamauzu said that the tracks that used live instruments almost exclusively were the ones that were "Latin" in style, such as "Anxiety towards a Wonder" and "Battle Theme IV". Hamauzu also stated that for the soundtrack he reused several older pieces, with the oldest being "Mysterious Plan" which had been composed 10 years prior, though he said that amount of work that needed to be done to update the pieces required more effort than if he had composed a new piece instead.
"Unlimited Saga Original Soundtrack".
"Unlimited Saga Original Soundtrack" is an arranged album of music from "Unlimited Saga". The tracks were composed by Masashi Hamauzu, with some tracks arranged for orchestral performance by Shiro Hamaguchi. Hamauzu described the major differences between this soundtrack and his previous works as being the result of changes in technology, which allowed him to include a wider variety of musical genres as well as "ample" acoustic instruments. He has said that his favorite tune from the soundtrack is "Soaring Wings", the theme song for the game, particularly given the short amount of time he had to compose the soundtrack. When Hamauzu thought to use a song in the soundtrack, he decided to cast Mio Kashiwabara as the singer, despite having only met her once at the Tokyo University of Art festival two years before and never working with her. Despite her having never sung a non-classical work before, he was very satisfied with how the song came out. The album's 58 tracks cover a duration of 2:07:03 across two discs. The final four tracks of the album are arrangements of other pieces on the soundtrack. It was published by DigiCube on January 22, 2003 with the catalog numbers SSCX-10078~9.
The album reached #115 on the Japan Oricon charts. It was well received by critics such as Jeff Tittsworth of RPGFan, who applauded its variety, saying that each track had a "distinct feel" even as the album as a whole felt "cohesive". He also noted that each disc had its own feel, with the first disc containing more mellow and emotional pieces, while the second held "harder" rock, techno and jazz pieces, a dichotomy that he felt strengthened the album as a whole. James McCawley of RPGFan agreed; while he preferred the sound of the second disc, he felt that together they created a stronger album which reflected "the split sides of Hamauzu's musical character". Chris Greening of Square Enix Music Online also enjoyed the album, calling it "an accomplished piece of experimentation that is also often satisfying on an emotional and melodic level", though he added a caveat that if the listener did not enjoy electronic music, they would find the album "often wonderful but also hugely inconsistent".
Tracklist
"Unlimited Saga Maxi Single CD".
"Unlimited Saga Maxi Single CD" is a promotional album of music from "Unlimited Saga". All three tracks on the album were composed by Masashi Hamauzu, while "Unlimited SaGa Overture" was arranged for orchestra by Shiro Hamaguchi and "Soaring Wings" was sung by Mio Kashiwabara. The album contains a sampling of the tracks from the game. The album's three tracks cover a duration of 9:29. It was published by Square on December 12, 2002 with the catalog number SQCD-30001, and was included with the limited edition version of the game in Japan.
The single was poorly received by Chris Greening of Square Enix Music Online, who said that while it worked well as a promotional album, it did not work as a stand-alone single after the release of the full soundtrack. He described it as "very limited" and "a pointless and thankfully obsolete album".
Multiple series.
Two albums have been or are planned to be produced that cover more than one "SaGa" series. The first, "SaGa Battle Music Collection", is an album of battle music, while the second, the "SaGa Series 20th Anniversary Original Soundtrack -Premium Box-" is a box set of every soundtrack album produced to date from the "SaGa" series as a whole.
"SaGa Battle Music Collection".
"SaGa Battle Music Collection" is an album of battle music from across the "SaGa" series. The pieces were all composed by Kenji Ito; the album does not include any tracks originally composed by other series composers such as Hamauzu or Uematsu. The album's 14 tracks cover a duration of 46:39 and cover battle music from "SaGa 2", "Romancing SaGa 1", "2", and "3", "SaGa Frontier", and "Romancing SaGa Minstrel Song". The final two tracks of the album are piano solos by Ito, and are arrangements of themes common to the series as a whole. The album was produced as a promotional album for the release of "Romancing SaGa Minstrel Song" to be included with pre-orders of the Japanese release of the game, and was published by Square Enix on April 21, 2005 with the catalog number ROMA-0001. The album was well received by Patrick Gann, who said that it included some of Ito's most memorable tracks. He called it a "great idea" and said that it was "worth hunting down".
"SaGa Series 20th Anniversary Original Soundtrack -Premium Box-".
The "SaGa Series 20th Anniversary Original Soundtrack -Premium Box-" is a soundtrack album collection of music from every released "SaGa" game. The compilation features 515 tracks on 20 CDs with a total length of 19:02:45, and includes a DVD of developer interviews, a stand display showing an illustration painted by Tomomi Kobayashi, and materials to build a display box for the CDs. The set consists of all of the soundtrack albums from the "SaGa" series, with "All Sounds of SaGa" broken up into one disc per game, rather than the original two discs. The set was published on August 26, 2009 to coincide with the 20th anniversary of the release of the first "SaGa" video game with the catalog numbers SQEX-10145~65. Patrick Gann described it as an excellent collection that was worth the purchase for anyone who wanted to own the entire set and did not already have most of the albums, though he noted that as it included multiple composers and styles the compilation box would not be justified for everyone who liked just some of the music of the "SaGa" series.
Legacy.
"Overture" from "Romancing SaGa Minstrel Song" was performed at the "Press Start -Symphony of Games- 2006" concert in Tokyo on September 22, 2006. Kenji Ito performed "Passionate Rhythm" from "Romancing SaGa Minstrel Song" at the "Extra: Hyper Game Music Event 2007" concert in Tokyo on July 7, 2007 along with other performers. Music from "SaGa Frontier 2" was played at the fifth Symphonic Game Music Concert, held in Leipzig, Germany on August 22, 2007. The FILMharmonic Orchestra and Choir was conducted by Andy Brick and featured Jaromir Klepac as the pianist; they performed "Feldschlacht V", or "Field Battle 1". Selections from "Piano Pieces "SF2" ~ Rhapsody on a Theme of SaGa Frontier 2" were played in a concert in Paris of Hamauzu's work on May 22, 2011. An arrangement of "Main Theme" from "SaGa I" and "Save the World" from "SaGa 2" was performed on July 9, 2011 at the "Symphonic Odysseys" concert, which commemorated the music of Uematsu.
In addition to the albums produced, music from the original soundtracks of the "SaGa" games has been arranged for the piano and published by DOREMI Music Publishing. Books are available for "Romancing SaGa 3", "Romancing SaGa Minstrel Song", "SaGa Frontier", "SaGa Frontier II", and "Unlimited SaGa". The compositions from "Unlimited SaGa" were rewritten by Tadaomi Idogawa as beginning to intermediate level piano solos, though they are meant to sound as much like the originals as possible. The music for the other books was written by Asako Niwa for piano solos of similar difficulty.

</doc>
<doc id="18323594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323594" title="Ming Mang (game)">
Ming Mang (game)

Ming Mang is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Tibet. Ming Mang is also a general term for the word "boardgame" in Tibet. 
Goal.
The goal of Ming Mang is territorial control which is achieved by the capturing and conversion of enemy pieces. It is similar to the game Go in this sense. The winner is the player who occupies more than 50% of the board which includes the player's pieces and empty territories that it controls. Territories not controlled by any player are not counted.
Equipment.
The game is played on an n x n square board, but traditionally it is played on an 8 x 8 square board. To start the game, each player needs 14 pieces. However, more pieces are required in order to replace captured enemy pieces on the board; therefore, each player has far more than 14 pieces. One player plays the white pieces and the other plays the black pieces, however, any two colors are appropriate. 
Rules and Game Play.
1. Players decide what colored pieces to play, and who will start first. 
2. The game starts with each player's 14 pieces lined up on two adjacent sides of the board. Players will have a stock pile of extra pieces used to replace captured enemy pieces. 
3. Each player moves one piece per turn. A piece is moved orthogonally any number of unoccupied spaces. The moves are identical to the rook in chess or the pieces in Tafl. 
4. A player can capture an enemy piece by flanking it on two opposite sides (custodian method) as in Tafl. 
5. Captured enemy piece(s) is removed, but it is replaced by one of the captor's pieces from their stock pile. It bears some resemblance to Othello or Reversi in this way, however "each" enemy piece that is captured must be flanked on two opposite sides. 
6. A player is allowed to move a piece between two of the enemy's pieces without being captured. 
7. A player is not allowed to move a piece that brings the game back to a previous position.
8. Pieces at the corners cannot be captured. 
9. A player can pass on their turn, however, if the other player passes on their next turn, the game is ended.
See also.
Jul-Gonu

</doc>
<doc id="18323609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323609" title="Ficus subpuberula">
Ficus subpuberula

Ficus subpuberula is a lithophytic fig that is endemic to Australia. It ranges from extreme western Queensland, through the Northern Territory, into Western Australia.
Description.
"Ficus subpuberula" is a monoecious tree which grows up to 13 m (43 ft) tall. Its leaves are 27–143 mm long (1.1–5.6 in) long and 11–68 mm (0.4–2.7 in) wide. Its syconia are yellow, orange or red in colour, 10–24 mm (0.4–0.9 in) long and 9–23 mm (0.3–0.9 in) in diameter.

</doc>
<doc id="18323615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323615" title="Penion benthicolus">
Penion benthicolus

Penion benthicolus is a species of large predatory sea snail or true whelk, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.

</doc>
<doc id="18323622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323622" title="Brava Lake">
Brava Lake

Brava Lake (also known as Yolnabaj) is a Karstic lake in Guatemala. It is situated in the municipality of Nentón (Huehuetenango), close to the border with Mexico. The lake is fed by several streams and subterraneous watercourses. 
The area around Brava Lake has been inhabited by Mayan communities of the Chuj ethnicity since the 19th century. In the year 2000 a conflict over land usage emerged between indigenous communities depending on the land, and the American owners that just acquired it in order to transform it into a nature reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="18323637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323637" title="Andrew E. Johnson">
Andrew E. Johnson

Andrew E. Johnson (born January 12, 1953) served as a Democrat from District 19 from 1979-1982 in the Florida House of Representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="18323641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323641" title="Malay (record producer)">
Malay (record producer)

James Ryan Ho (born September 14, 1978), known as Malay, is a Chinese-American producer and songwriter who originated from northwestern Washington state and is believed to be of Malay descent. His work with fellow R&B recording artist Frank Ocean on his 2012 critically acclaimed debut album, "Channel Orange" has garnered him two nominations at the 55th Grammy Awards for Album of the Year and Best Urban Contemporary Album. Producer Malay ended up going home with the Grammy Award for Best Urban Contemporary Album.

</doc>
<doc id="18323651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323651" title="Place de Clichy">
Place de Clichy

The Place de Clichy, also known as "Place Clichy", is situated in the northwestern quadrant of Paris. It is formed by the intersection of the Boulevard de Clichy, the Avenue Clichy, the Rue Clichy, the Boulevard des Batignolles, and the Rue d'Amsterdam. 
It lies at the former site of the "barrière de Clichy", an ancient portal in the Wall of the Farmers-General, leading to the village of Clichy, outside the wall.
Description.
The Place de Clichy is one of the few places in Paris where four arrondissements (the 8th, 9th, 17th, and 18th) meet at a single point. (The others are the Pont Saint-Michel, where the 1st, 4th, 5th, and 6th meet, and the Belleville roundabout, where the 10th, 11th, 19th and 20th come together.) 
The Place de Clichy is also unusual in that it has been untouched by urban planners. This explains the heterogeneous façades of the buildings in the area. The Place de Clichy has the character of a substantial crossroads, rather than that of a real "place" (public square).
Surrounding the Place de Clichy is a lively array of shops, restaurants, and businesses, including a popular cinema. It is a hive of activity, both day and night.
History.
In March 1814, at the close of the First French Empire, 800,000 soldiers of various foreign armies marched on Paris. After breaking through the barriers at Belleville and Pantin, they took the hill of Montmartre. Paris was protected in the north from Clichy to Neuilly, by 70,000 men of the garde nationale. In the face of the advancing enemy, the Maréchal de Moncey defended the barrière de Clichy. Moncey amassed 15,000 volunteers, tirailleurs — students from the École polytechnique and the École vétérinaire — and, despite their inexperience, valiantly resisted the Russian contingent until an armistice was declared on 30 March 1814. 
Monument.
A six-metre-tall bronze statue, executed by Amédée Doublemard and dedicated to de Moncey, stands on an ornate pedestal eight metres tall.
Metro station.
The Place de Clichy is:

</doc>
<doc id="18323661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323661" title="Maximilian Nicu">
Maximilian Nicu

Maximilian Nicu (born 25 November 1982 in Prien am Chiemsee) is a German-Romanian footballer who is playing for
Club Career.
Hertha BSC.
Nicu made his first appearance with Hertha BSC on 31 July 2008 in the 2008–09 UEFA Cup first qualifying round second leg against FC Nistru Otaci. Nicu made his Bundesliga debut on 17 August 2008 in Hertha's opening fixture against Eintracht Frankfurt. Nicu came on in the 71st minute as a substitute, replacing Patrick Ebert. After two seasons with Hertha, the club chose not to renew Nicu's contract following their relegation to the 2. Bundesliga.
SC Freiburg.
On 1 July 2010, Nicu signed for SC Freiburg.
1860 Munich.
On 31 January 2012, Nicu signed for TSV 1860 München. On January 14, 2014 he signed a contract with Universitatea Cluj making it the first Romanian club in his career.
International Career.
Nicu elected to play for the country of his parents, rather than his country of birth. In 2009, he requested a Romanian passport. Nicu was called up for matches against Serbia and Austria. At first it appeared he would not be able to play, since he had not received his Romanian citizenship yet, but on 17 March it was announced that Nicu had been granted citizenship and would be permitted to play.
On 20 March 2009, he pledged his vow to become a Romanian citizen. He made his debut for Romania on 1 April 2009 against Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="18323688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323688" title="Penion benthicolus delli">
Penion benthicolus delli

Penion benthicolus delli is a subspecies of large predatory sea snail or true whelk, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.

</doc>
<doc id="18323730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323730" title="Penion chathamensis">
Penion chathamensis

Penion chathamensis is a species of very large predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.

</doc>
<doc id="18323747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323747" title="AT&amp;T Building (Indianapolis)">
AT&amp;T Building (Indianapolis)

AT&T Building is a high rise in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was opened in 1932 and is 22 stories tall. It is primarily used for office space and is the headquarters for AT&T in Indiana. The AT&T Building is connected with the AT&T 220 Building, which is located just to the south. The building has been expanded and has achieved its present form only after a few iterations. 
The headquarters building previously at this site, completed in 1907, was moved in 1930 to make way for the new construction. Over a 34-day period, the 11,000-ton building was shifted 52 feet south, rotated 90 degrees, and then shifted again 100 feet west. Amazingly, this was done without interrupting customer's telephone service or telephone business operations. The new headquarters was completed in 1932, and was 7 stories tall. It was later expanded in the 1940s and 1960s to bring it to its current size and height. (The original building was demolished in 1963.)

</doc>
<doc id="18323754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323754" title="Hermann Schloffer">
Hermann Schloffer

Hermann Schloffer (May 13, 1868 – January 21, 1937) was an Austrian surgeon who was a native of Graz
He studied medicine at the Universities of Freiburg and Graz, where in 1892 he earned his medical doctorate. He spent several years in Prague as a surgical assistant and associate professor, and from 1903 to 1911 was a surgeon and professor at the University of Innsbruck. Afterwards he was a professor at Charles University in Prague.
In March 1907, Schloffer performed the first transsphenoidal surgery for removal of a pituitary adenoma. Unfortunately, the patient died several weeks afterwards from a residual tumor. His name is lent to the eponymous "Schloffer tumor", described as an uncommon pseudo-tumor of the abdominal wall that usually appears several years after abdominal surgery.
In 1916, Schloffer became the first to remove a spleen for idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP). His student Paul Kaznelson (1898-1959) hypothesized - in analogy with hemolytic anemia - that the excessive destruction of platelets in ITP would occur in the spleen and suggested to his tutor Schloffer to perform a splenectomy on a patient with chronic ITP. Schloffer followed Kaznelson's suggestion. Their first patient so treated showed a dramatic improvement.

</doc>
<doc id="18323776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323776" title="Daniel Yun">
Daniel Yun

Daniel Yun () is a veteran Singaporean film producer, presenter and managing director for MediaCorp Raintree Pictures. He has gone on to co-produce and finance over 20 films made in China and Hong Kong.
Biography.
Yun, who prefers not to disclose his age to the public, was born in Singapore after his twin brother, Tai Ho, (by 15 minutes), who currently heads MediaCorp News). Yun was educated at Victoria School. 
Yun joined the then Singapore Broadcasting Corporation as Vice-President of Radio Sales in 1991. A year later, he was made head of radio programming and went on to establish and head the Marketing Communications as well as the Programming and Acquisition departments for the station when it became corporatised as Television Corporation of Singapore in 1994.
In 1998, Yun took up the position of Vice-President of Production 5 at TCS and was heavily involved in content development, supervising the production of such English dramas and sitcoms such as Under One Roof and Growing Up. In the same year, he was appointed as the Managing Director of MediaCorp's Raintree Pictures, the movie-making arm of Mediacorp. He has since relinquished his position at Production 5 to concentrate on Raintree Pictures. In 2009, he left Raintree Pictures and founded his own movie production company, HomeRun Asia, with the aim to promote and market Asian movies. The first movie produced by HomeRun Asia is Homecoming in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18323808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323808" title="Gateway United F.C.">
Gateway United F.C.

Gateway Football Club is a Nigerian football club, in the town of Abeokuta, in Ogun State. They returned to the top level of professional football in Nigeria, the Nigerian Premier League in 2008 after being relegated in 2005 after a one year stint. They were sent down again in 2010.
In January 2009 they started playing in the new Ilaro Stadium.
Current squad.
As of February 28, 2014 

</doc>
<doc id="18323814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323814" title="Penman">
Penman

Penman is a surname. It refers to:
Penman may also refer to an occupation,

</doc>
<doc id="18323854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323854" title="Sandy Hinshelwood">
Sandy Hinshelwood

Alexander James Watt Hinshelwood (born 23 March 1942) is a former international rugby union player.
He was capped twenty-one times for Scotland as a wing between 1966 and 1970. He scored five tries for Scotland.
Hinshelwood was selected for the 1966 British Lions tour to Australia and New Zealand and the 1968 British Lions tour to South Africa. He played in two tests against the All Blacks on the 1966 tour, scoring one try, and in one test, which was drawn, against in 1968.
He played club rugby for London Scottish. His son, Ben Hinshelwood, is also a Scotland rugby union international.

</doc>
<doc id="18323863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323863" title="Wippien">
Wippien

Wippien is an open source, P2P, zero-configuration, VPN client, based on the proprietary software by WeOnlyDo. It emulates a local area network over an established Internet connection, directly linking computers behind NAT firewalls with little or no router configuration.
Wippien is similar to Hamachi but uses XMPP to manage user accounts, enabling features such as contact lists and avatars. Rather than Hamachi's "network" approach, Wippien allows users to directly connect to one another.

</doc>
<doc id="18323878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323878" title="Franklin Strait">
Franklin Strait

The Franklin Strait is an Arctic waterway in Northern Canada's territory of Nunavut. Its located between southeastern Prince of Wales Island and the Boothia Peninsula.
Named after British explorer Sir John Franklin (1786-1847), that perished in these waters on his lost expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="18323879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323879" title="PPM Star Catalogue">
PPM Star Catalogue

The PPM Star Catalogue (Positions and Proper Motions Star Catalogue) is the successor of the SAO Catalogue. It contains precise positions and proper motions of 378,910 stars on the whole sky in the J2000/FK5 coordinate system. 
It is designed to represent as closely as possible the IAU (1976) coordinate system on the sky, as defined by the FK5 star catalogue. Thus, the PPM is an extension of the FK5 system to higher star densities and fainter magnitudes. 
Description.
The PPM can be considered a replacement of two preceding astrometric catalogs which served a similar purpose: AGK3 and the SAO Catalog. In contrast to the PPM, these older catalogs are based on (1) the now obsolete FK4 system of positions and proper motions, and (2) only two position measures per star.
While the SAO catalog is more or less complete to V=9, with 4,503 stars fainter than V=10, the PPM catalog is fairly complete to V=9.5, with 102,672 stars fainter than V=10 and 22,395 stars fainter than V=11. Released after the original PPM, the PPM supplemental list was intended to render the PPM complete to magnitude V=7.5. For fainter magnitudes, the supplemental list documentation states that,
"... of the perhaps 20,000 stars between V=7.5 and V=8.5 only a few hundred are missing from PPM. So, the combined PPM can be considered as practically complete to at least V=8.5. In photographic magnitudes this corresponds to roughly 9 mag. "
The data contained in the catalogue is downloadable from NASA (and other sites). The four files of the catalog are "PPM North", "PPM South", "Bright Star Supplement to PPM", and "The 90000 stars Supplement to the PPM Catalogue".

</doc>
<doc id="18323901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323901" title="Lynmouth, New Zealand">
Lynmouth, New Zealand

Lynmouth is a suburb of New Plymouth in the Taranaki Region of New Zealand. It is located to the west of the city centre. The population was 2,142 in the 2006 Census, an increase of 78 from 2001.
Taranaki Base Hospital is between Lynmouth and Westown to the south.
Education.
Devon Intermediate is an intermediate (years 7-8) school with a decile rating of 4 and a roll of 372. The school was established in 1958. The uniform consists of a polo shirt, sweatshirt and then for girls a choice of culottes or a skirt and boys wear shorts.
West End School and St Joseph's School are contributing primary (years 1-6) schools with decile ratings of 6 and 7, and rolls of 303 and 151, respectively. St Joseph's is a state integrated Catholic school.
All these schools are coeducational.

</doc>
<doc id="18323922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323922" title="Hexagon Revue">
Hexagon Revue

The Hexagon Revue is an original, political, satirical, musical comedy revue that is performed annually to raise money for charitable organizations in the Washington D.C. area. Every year, for more than 50 years, this nonprofit has put on Washington’s only all-original revue of its kind – with more than $3 million donated to 40-plus organizations. The all-volunteer membership makes up the cast, crew, orchestra, front of house and production team. Hexagon members submit their own material, and their designated mission is to use theatrical arts to help improve the lives of others within the Washington DC local community.
The cast sometimes includes well known political figures.

</doc>
<doc id="18323935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323935" title="An Old Fashioned Love Song">
An Old Fashioned Love Song

"An Old Fashioned Love Song" is a 1971 song by the American pop-rock band Three Dog Night. Chuck Negron performed the lead vocal on this track. Taken as the lead single from their 1971 album, "Harmony", the song peaked at number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in December 1971, becoming the band's seventh top-ten hit. It was Three Dog Night's first record to top the U.S. easy listening chart. "An Old Fashioned Love Song" was written by the noted songwriter Paul Williams. Its lyrics suggest the straightforward and melodic nature of the tune: "Just an old fashioned love song / Comin' down in three part harmony / Just an old fashioned love song / One I'm sure they wrote for you and me".
According to the Karen Carpenter biography "Little Girl Blue" by Randy L. Schmidt, Williams originally intended the song for The Carpenters, who were in the middle of a string of hits with their own brand of "old fashioned love songs," including two of Williams' own compositions, "We've Only Just Begun" and "Rainy Days and Mondays." Although this was the first song Williams had written specifically for the Carpenters, Richard Carpenter rejected it, and so Williams offered the song to Three Dog Night. The Carpenters never recorded the song, but did perform it live on television with Carol Burnett a few months later. 
Paul Williams version.
The song's composer Paul Williams recorded his own version of the song he had written, which was included on his 1971 album "Just an Old Fashioned Love Song". Williams later performed the song when he appeared on "The Muppet Show" in 1976. He also sang a portion of the song for an episode of The Odd Couple TV series in 1974.
Other versions.
Andy Williams released a version in 1972 on his album, "Love Theme from "The Godfather"".
The song was also sampled in the 1999 hip-hop song "Once Again (Here to Kick One for You)" by Handsome Boy Modeling School featuring Grand Puba and Sadat X. Sam O'Connell

</doc>
<doc id="18323963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323963" title="Lepidium nitidum">
Lepidium nitidum

Lepidium nitidum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name shining pepperweed. It is native to western North America from Washington to Baja California, and it may be found elsewhere as an introduced species. It thrives in a number of habitat types. 
This is a mainly erect annual herb producing a slender stem up to about 40 centimeters tall. There are small leaves along the stem and larger ones at the base growing up to 10 centimeters long and divided into many narrow lobes. At the top of the stem appear tiny flowers with spoon-shaped white petals only about a millimeter long. The flowers give way to flattened, rounded to oval-shaped disclike fruits up to about half a centimeter long. Each green to pink shiny fruit is divided down the center into two chambers containing seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="18323995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18323995" title="Penion ormesi">
Penion ormesi

Penion ormesi is a species of very large predatory sea snail or true whelk, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.

</doc>
<doc id="18324031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324031" title="De la Roquette Islands">
De la Roquette Islands

The De la Roquette Islands are members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. They lie in Peel Sound, northwest of Somerset Island's Fitz Roy Inlet. Strzelecki Harbour on Prince of Wales Island is to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="18324033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324033" title="Tsetse (disambiguation)">
Tsetse (disambiguation)

Tsetse and similar can mean :

</doc>
<doc id="18324047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324047" title="Nanshijiao Station">
Nanshijiao Station

The Taipei Metro Nanshijiao Station is the southern terminus of the Zhonghe Line (part of the Orange Line) located in Zhonghe District, New Taipei City, Taiwan. It is built on the site of the old Zhonghe Railway Station, which ceased operations in 1990.
Station overview.
This four-level, underground station has an island platform and four exits. The area above ground is currently being developed into a new high-rise building.
The Taipei Metro Zhonghe Depot is located on the southeast side of the station.
Public Art.
Art in this station has a theme of "Youth Melody" and cost NT$4,999,000. It includes numerous pieces of colorful public art created by local artist Jun Lai and was completed on November 30, 1998. Consisting of 12 sculptures (3 hung from the ceiling; 9 hung on the walls), they symbolize the passion of youth with a light, joyful tone.
Around the station.
The area around the station is home to the majority of the Burmese immigrants living in Taiwan, especially Huaxin Street (華新街), which is replete with Burmese restaurants and shops.
Bus stops are located outside Exits 1 and 4.

</doc>
<doc id="18324048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324048" title="John De Margheriti">
John De Margheriti

John De Margheriti (born July 1962) is based in Australia and is the CEO of BigWorld Pty Limited and the parent company Micro Forté Pty Limited. He is also the founder and Chairman of the Academy of Interactive Entertainment (AIE), Canberra Technology Park (CTP), founder of the Game Developers' Association of Australia (GDAA), founder of the Australian Game Developers Conference (AGDC), founder of the three Canberra business parks and is an Honorary Ambassador for Canberra, due to his contribution to Australia's national capital. He is widely seen as a founding 'father' of Australia's video games industry and Australia's most experienced interactive entertainment business executive. 
Early years.
De Margheriti experimented with CB-Radios and electronics early as a young teenager. During his senior years at Hawker College De Margheriti co-created an amateur 8mm science fiction film after watching the first “Star Wars : Episode 4” film. During the development of his amateur film, he co-developed a robotics system that would enable him to film complex stop-motion animation footage of large scale spaceship models. His need to create scrolling film credits led him to discover computers as a tool. The film involved dozens of actors and as a result, De Margheriti gained his first taste in management working with actors and prop builders. During filming he met Steve Wang which would later form the basis of a longstanding business association. When he was eleven De Margheriti experimented with making computer games independently. He wrote his first computer game called “Maze” on a PDP-11 and his peer, Steve Wang developed a computer game called “Caves”, also on a PDP-11 computer.
After college, De Margheriti went on to study electrical engineering at the University of New South Wales His peer and good friend Steve Wang also went on to study at UNSW in the field of computer science. Together they devoted much of their time during university hours to developing computer games [http://www.atomicmpc.com.au/Feature/237661,interview-microfortes-john-de-margheriti.aspx interview. They pooled their money to purchase a Commodore PET . During this time John also met Stephen Lewis and he joined the group, helping make games on the Commodore PET.
The most memorable game that they developed during university years was made for the Commodore 64. Whilst working part-time at a computer store 1 in Randwick to put himself through university, De Margheriti met Gerlach who was interested in finding a person who could develop a computer game based on the recent Australian win of the Americas Cup 12m sailing. After a conversation with Gerlach, John approached his friends at the university and pulled together a team including Steve Wang, Stephen Lewis and John Reidy capable of developing the simulation game.
The team spent 72 hours straight developing a demo, pitched it to Armchair Entertainment and won a contract to develop the Americas Cup Sailing Simulation game for the Commodore 64 and Amstrad which was ultimately developed and then sold to Electronic Arts. They named their company Micro Forté as it was the “opposite” of Microsoft games not business systems. The “Micro” name also signified the use of micro computers and that they were a small group of friends each with a different “Forte” or strength.
Soon after starting to develop their first game, Steve and Stephen tactfully told John that his true strength was not programming but managing and winning new projects for the fledgling group. This “truth” ultimately saw De Margheriti become the entrepreneur and visionary for a group of profit and not for profit companies that have offices around the globe.
In addition to the Americas Cup Sailing Simulation, De Margheriti went on to program two other of games for Electronic Arts including Demon Stalkers and Fireking for the Commodore 64 and IBM PC, which was later released by Sydney based Strategic Studies Group (SSG) http://www.ssg.com.au/
List of games.
The Official America’s Cup Sailing Simulation.
Released: 1986
Publisher: Electronic Arts and US Gold
Formats: C64/128 and Amstrad
Demon Stalkers – The Raid on Doomfane.
Released: 1987
Publisher: EA
Format: C64/128 and IBM PC
Fire King.
Released: 1989
Publisher: Strategic Studies Group 
Formats: C64/128 and IBM PC
Bombs Away.
Genre: Children's Game
Released: 1997
Publisher: Emu Multimedia
Formats: Windows 95/98
Nordice.
Genre: Children's Game
Released 1997
Publisher: Emu Multimedia
Formats: Windows 95/98
Roy Morgan’s Ultimate Survey.
Genre: Family Board Game
Released: 1997
Publisher: Emu Multimedia
Format: Board Game 
Question Cards: 250
Enemy Infestation.
Released: 1998
Publisher: Ripcord Games
Formats: Windows 95/NT
Fallout Tactics - Brotherhood of Steel.
Released: 2001
Publisher: Interplay
Formats: Windows 95/98
Hot Wheels Bash Arena.
Released: 2002 2003 [Australia
Publisher: THQ
Formats: PC/CD ROM
KWARI.
Released: 2007
Publisher: KWARI Limited
Format: Multiplayer Online Kwari
Micro Forte Pty Limited.
Between 1985 and 1988, De Margheriti turned his focus towards business negotiations and contract development. He co-founded a games development company called Micro Forté Pty Limited and wrote games for a new company called Electronic Arts.
In 1995 De Margheriti came up with the concept of developing a software solution that would somehow group bulletin board services (BBS) together so that many people could play games together. He called this concept Game Net. Game Net was a precursor to what would later become known as BigWorld Technology. De Margheriti’s idea was to allow large scale Multi User Dungeons to be developed where hundreds of people could be playing together in a multiplayer game. He was greatly influenced by an EA friend Danielle/Dan Bunten who had designed M.U.L.E, Modem Wars as well as a game called Command HQ which he often played with Stephen Lewis.
Those seminal games influenced De Margheriti in terms of coming up with the concept of building what is now commonly known as Massively Multiplayer Online Games While developing the idea of Game Net, De Margheriti became increasingly more aware of the advent of the internet particularly after playing Ultima Online and Meridian 59, two of the first Massively Multiplayer Online Games [MMOGs.
He realised that these two games were an extension of the multiplayer games he loved and that in the future many developers would want to create massively multiplayer games. De Margheriti decided to switch his focus away from BBS, and made the decision to build a middleware engine that would help developers deal with the complexities of creating these online games. In 1996 Stephen Lewis and John lodged patents for a Communication System and Method and in 1999 he lodged an application for funding through AusIndustry’s R&D Start program and received a multimillion dollar grant. This was subsequently matched by venture capital from Allen & Buckeridge, an Australian Venture capital firm. The name of “Large Scale Multi Player Universe” (LSMPU) was originally used to describe the server, client and tools middleware system that De Margheriti had in mind. In 2011 the Micro Forte company acquired all the shares from the venture capital company.
The Academy of Interactive Entertainment.
In 1996, during Micro Forté’s expansion years, there was a need for the hiring of 3D animators and artists. At that time there was a clear lack of knowledge in that area and little or no available talent. De Margheriti established the Academy of Interactive Entertainment as a business unit of Micro Forté to work towards solving this problem. The academy was to focus on developing 3D animation skills, and a course taught by De Margheriti, Steve Wang and other 3D experts was created for a group of 10 students.
Later on in 1997 it was spun out as a separate non profit organisation called the Academy of Interactive Entertainment Limited to assist the greater industry. De Margheriti had realised that Micro Forté’s shortages were not just his shortages; other industry related companies like Beam Software were also suffering a similar fate. The AIE has since grown from a small division of Micro Forté with 10 students, to an independent, nationally accredited, small registered training organisation (RTO) that specialises in education for computer game development and the 3D Digital Content Industry. The AIE now has campuses in Canberra, Sydney, Melbourne, Seattle and has announced a new campus in Lafayette opening in 2011
The Australian Game Developers Conference.
In 1999 De Margheriti realised that to really help the Australian games industry grow, not only for Micro Forté’s needs, but to solve the problem that the nation had, a wider support infrastructure was needed for the Australian industry. He established, personally funded and launched the inaugural Australian Game Developer’s Conference to foster the growth and collective presence of the Australian Games Industry. The AGDC at its peak had over 1,200 delegates and brought in numerous international speakers and publishers. The conference also brought capital to the Australian games industry.
In December 2005, the GDAA announced that it would hold its own conference, Game Connect Asia Pacific (GCAP), and so De Margheriti in turn also announced the closing of the privately held (AGDC) to ensure that the GDAA would not have to compete with AGDC. In his AGDC closing talk he hoped that the GDAA could take their new conference, GCAP, to a whole new level for Australia.
The Game Developers Association of Australia.
It was at the inaugural Australian Game Developers Conference (AGDC) that De Margheriti, along with Adam Lancman and others, formed the local industry representative body titled the Game Developers Association of Australia in order to increase the profile of the Australian games industry both domestically and internationally. De Margheriti acted as treasurer until late 2005 when he resigned from the Board to focus his energies on expanding BigWorld Pty Limited. De Margheriti is credited with creating and personally funding the GDAA (determining its aims and objectives, board composition, voting rights, constitution, web pages and accounting needs) as well as choosing its first President and Board. The AIE funded the Australian Game Developers Conference and donated most if not all its profits made from AGDC to the GDAA.
Association of Christian Entertainment.
De Margheriti is a founding member of the Association of Christian Entertainment.
Canberra Technology Park.
De Margheriti established Canberra Technology Park (CTP) in 1997, a business park to facilitate the growth of the computer game development, 3D animation and other information technology related industries within Canberra.
Honorary Ambassador for Canberra.
In November 2000, Mr Gary Humphries the Chief Minister at the time, appointed De Margheriti Honorary Ambassador for Canberra - Australia’s capital, in recognition of his contribution in assisting Canberra to develop a significant business base.
De Margheriti continues to foster business growth for start ups, mentor industry rookies and support industry development. He has participated as a guest presenter at industry conferences; is pro-active in seeking government support and assistance for the Australian industry, and features in industry related media. Since 2005 De Margheriti has focused more on his growing world-wide businesses and is less involved in local industry politics.
Canberra Business Parks.
In 2005 De Margheriti took over the site management of the Capital Region Enterprise and Employment Development Association Business Centres [Downer, Narrabundah and Erindale that had gone into liquidation, with a view to negotiate a long term lease on the sites. De Margheriti's main motivation in taking over the defunct sites was to restore an important business incubator function in Australia’s capital city, Canberra. The sites were re-branded as Canberra Business Parks and in May 2008, De Margheriti largely donated the CBP name associated brands and business, which were now a profitable business operating at full capacity to the ACT Government and the local business community.
Bigworld Pty Limited.
De Margheriti saw an opportunity within the online game market for a definitive MMOG middleware solution. His studios shifted their focus into developing the multi award winning BigWorld Technology which he later spun out into a middleware company - BigWorld Pty Limited.
External links.
BigWorld site:
AIE site:
Micro Forte site:
Australian Game Developers conference:
Game Developers Association of Australia:
Christian Game Developers Conference: 
Canberra Technology Park:

</doc>
<doc id="18324051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324051" title="Area of Critical Environmental Concern">
Area of Critical Environmental Concern

Areas of Critical Environmental Concern (ACEC) is a conservation ecology program in the western United States, managed by the Bureau of Land Management. The ACEC program was conceived in the 1976 Federal Lands Policy and Management Act (FLPMA), which established the first conservation ecology mandate for the BLM. The FLPMA mandate directs the BLM to protect important riparian corridors, threatened and endangered species habitats, cultural and archeological resources and unique scenic landscapes that the agency assesses as in need of special management attention.
Criteria.
To be considered a potential ACEC an area must meet criteria of both relevance and importance.
Relevance.
An area meets the relevance criteria of an ACEC if it contains one or more of the following:
Importance.
An area meets the importance criteria if it is characterized by one or more of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18324080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324080" title="Dániel Magay">
Dániel Magay

Dániel Magay, an Olympic and World Championship Gold Medal saber fencer, was born on April 6, 1932 in Szeged, Hungary.
Early training.
After completing high school studies at the Piarista Gimnazium, Magay studied with the Italian fencing master Eduardo Armentano, who had come to Hungary as part of the national effort to learn from fencing masters from other countries with the best fencing programs, dating back to Luigi Barbasetti and Italo Santelli.
Once he had learned the basics, he then studied with the renowned Fencing Master Ferenc Marki in Szeged in order to discipline, refine, and raise his saber technique to the highest level.
Fencing success in Hungary.
Magay’s great fencing talent, sharpened by Maestro Marki’s knowledge and guidance, resulted in his rapid rise to the top of local fencing competitions, bringing him to the notice of those who chose the best fencers in the land to represent the country. He was repeatedly chosen to be a member of the Hungarian National Saber Team from 1953 to 1956.
In 1953, he introduced himself to world class saber fencing at the International World Championship Competition in Brussels.
By 1954, Magay had won a Gold Medal for first place saber team at the 1954 World Championship.
In 1955, his skill had elevated to the point that at a major competition he beat Hungary’s best saber champion Rudolf Karpathy 5:0 and Karpathy’s coach Maestro Alfred Gellert congratulated Maestro Ferenc Marki by stating "Now, I can proudly say that I was your fencing master at one time."
The 1956 Melbourne Olympics.
As a member of the Hungarian National Olympic Saber Team Fencing at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia, Magay won Olympic Gold for his country by taking first place in the Saber Team competition.
During this time, the invasion of Hungary and seizure control by Communist Russia forced many Hungarian Olympians to make the tough decision to not return home. Magay decided to immigrate to the Pacific Coast of the United States with his Hungarian Olympic saber team coach, and prior Olympian, György Piller. (Cohen 2002:402-403).
Fencing in the United States.
In 1957, Maestro Piller, Magay, and other Hungarian fencers founded Pannonia Athletic Club in San Francisco for teaching and learning the art of fencing. 
The Pannonia Athletic Club Saber Team with Magay took first place in the Pacific Coast Sectional Competitions in 1957 and 1959. 
In 1957, 1958, and 1961, Magay won the Gold Medal for Individual Saber in the United States Individual Championships.
In 1958, György Piller became the fencing master of the University of California at Berkeley, and Dániel Magay joined the intercollegiate fencing team while continuing his education in engineering. This combination of fencing power virtually skyrocketed Cal Berkeley to the top of local intercollegiate competition. The University of California 1959 Cal Blue and Gold Yearbook stated: “Cal's Fencing Team, coached by famed Hungarian Master George Piller, enjoyed a successful 1958-59 The Bears beat Stanford, San Jose State, SF State, University of Arizona, and the Air Force Academy to emerge as champions of the Western Intercollegiate Fencing Conference. This feat earned them five first-place trophies.” (University of California 1959:262).
After the death of Maestro György Piller in 1960, Magay arranged for his old Maestro Ferenc Marki to come from Brazil and take over the stewardship of the Pannonia Athletic Club. As a result, the Pannonia Athletic Club victories in team saber continued with Magay in 1961, 1962, 1963, 1964, 1965, and 1966.
After that time Magay put down his saber and focused his successful energies on his chosen field of the science of chemistry.

</doc>
<doc id="18324096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324096" title="Penion cuvieranus jeakingsi">
Penion cuvieranus jeakingsi

Penion cuvieranus jeakingsi is a subspecies of very large predatory sea snail, a true whelk, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.

</doc>
<doc id="18324106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324106" title="Love in Motion (song)">
Love in Motion (song)

"Love in Motion" is the first new material released by the Australian rock synthpop band Icehouse as a 7" vinyl single-only in October 1981 on Regular Records for the Australian market. The band had been known as Flowers until 27 June 1981 after which they changed their name to Icehouse, they had signed to Chrysalis Records and most of Flowers' material was released under the new name into Europe, UK and US markets. "Love in Motion" peaked at #10 on the Australian singles charts. The B-side, "Goodnight, Mr. Matthews" was included on the 1982 album "Primitive Man" with "Love in Motion" included on the Chrysalis Records US / European versions of the album, the UK 1983 version of the album was re-titled "Love in Motion". 
Both tracks of the single were written by the Flowers/Icehouse founder and mainstay Iva Davies who recorded the tracks while Icehouse were on tour in London using the Sequential Circuits Prophet-5, and produced them with Steve Nye. In 1992, Icehouse released a compilation album "Masterfile" on Massive Records, which included the Davies duet with Christina Amphlett of Divinyls on "Love in Motion" also released as a CD-single. A 1996 Icehouse compilation was called "Love in Motion" and released by dIVA / Massive Records. A remix version by Wicked Beat Sound System was released on the Icehouse album "Meltdown" in 2002.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Iva Davies.

</doc>
<doc id="18324111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324111" title="Crooked Business">
Crooked Business

Crooked Business is a feature film by Chris Nyst, a successful criminal lawyer. It is a comedy of errors set in Australia's Gold Coast. It opened in Australia on 15 October 2008.
Synopsis.
The movie stars small time hustler Elmo, and his best friend 'Stand-Up' Stevie, a used car dealer with questionable ethics. Stevie finds himself in trouble when he sells a counterfeit gold watch to biker Russian Tony. To buy his way out, Stevie agrees to do a job for local hood 'Bondi Bob' McLean. All he has to do is fly to Melbourne to pick up some stolen jewels in a briefcase.
When Stevie and Elmo arrive to collect the briefcase, a gunfight breaks out. The pair escape, but in the confusion, leave with the wrong briefcase - one belonging to Peter Cho, a Chinatown villain with a deadly reputation. The briefcase contains a rare go-fast potion said to turn any average horse into a race winner. The only thing to do is trade off with Cho.
Production.
The movie was produced on a $1 million AU budget and shot entirely on location around Australia's Gold Coast, over five weeks of shooting. Many of the film's extras were friends and clients of Nyst's law firm, working as volunteers. Producer Scott Corfield said the lack of funds required calling in favours "from all over town".
Box Office.
"Crooked Business" grossed $27,804 at the box office in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18324113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324113" title="F.B.I. (instrumental)">
F.B.I. (instrumental)

"F.B.I." is an instrumental rock tune recorded by the British group The Shadows, written by Peter Gormley. It was released by EMI as a single in February 1961 on the Columbia label with "Midnight" (Marvin, Welch) as the B-side. It spent 19 weeks in the UK Top 40 pop chart reaching #6 on two separate occasions in mid-February and mid-March 1961. 
It was released in the USA in July 1961 on the Atlantic records label with "The Frightened City" (Paramor) as the B-side.

</doc>
<doc id="18324129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324129" title="Lepidium oxycarpum">
Lepidium oxycarpum

Lepidium oxycarpum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names forked pepperweed and sharp-fruited pepperweed. It is native to California, and it has been reported in British Columbia and one area in Washington. It grows in alkaline and saline soils and moist areas such as vernal pools and coastline. 
Description.
This is a short-lived annual herb producing several erect stem branches to heights rarely exceeding 15 centimeters. The leaves are linear in shape, with those at the base up to 6 centimeters long and sometimes with narrow lobes. The plant blooms in tiny flowers with sepals often less than a millimeter long. The flowers may or may not have white petals also up to a millimeter long. The fruit is a two-chambered capsule a few millimeters long which is oval or oblong and has a notch at the tip forming a fork shape. 

</doc>
<doc id="18324132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324132" title="The Perfect Boy">
The Perfect Boy

"The Perfect Boy" is a single by the British band The Cure which was released on 13 August 2008 on Geffen Records in the United Kingdom and on 12 August in the United States to follow the tradition of releasing the singles on a Tuesday. The song debuted on 9 May in Fairfax, Virginia on the band's first concert of their 4Tour's North American leg. It would go on to be played at all 27 shows.
It is unknown at this time whether the B-side "Without You" is a retitling of a song called "Christmas Without You", a title that was mentioned in early press releases relating to "".

</doc>
<doc id="18324137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324137" title="Eileen Wilson">
Eileen Wilson

Eileen Wilson was one of the original stars of the television show "Your Hit Parade", on NBC. She starred on the show from 1950 until 1952. 
Prior to joining the Hit Parade TV show, she had starred on the show's radio version. For part of the time she sang on the radio show, her co-star was Frank Sinatra. Before her Hit Parade years, Wilson sang with the Skitch Henderson and Les Brown orchestras. Her husband, Ray Kellogg, also sang with the Henderson and Brown orchestras.
In 1952, Wilson was replaced on "Your Hit Parade" by singer June Valli. Valli sang on the show for one season, and was replaced by singer Gisele MacKenzie.

</doc>
<doc id="18324153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324153" title="Julius Fahr">
Julius Fahr

Julius Fahr (1925–2003) was a Canadian businessman, entrepreneur and philanthropist.
Early life.
Fahr immigrated to Canada in 1951 following his studies at a teachers college where he majored in History and Languages, mastering five of them. Once in Canada he chose to shovel coal instead of accepting teaching jobs until he received a salesman position at BrettYoung Seed Company. Shortly after, Fahr became manager of the hatchery and part owner at the firm. During this time, Fahr started farming in East St. Paul in 1954.
Career.
In 1975 Brett Young Seed was sold to Mackenzie Seeds. With extra time on his hands, he became a member of the German Business Professional Association and held the position of President from 1976 to 1977, and a director at Hansa Credit Union. 
Much later, Fahr took on the challenge brought to him to help establish a new Lutheran congregation in East St. Paul called Abundant Life Lutheran Church. In 1973, Fahr combined resources with four other gentlemen to start The Puratone Corporation now one of western Canada’s largest hog operations. He encouraged and supported the company financially throughout its history and particularly during the challenging times. Fahr found a lot of satisfaction in seeing others succeed. Not only did he significantly invest in Puratone, but he also played an active role in ensuring that individual employees succeeded by providing them the financial resources needed to buy shares in the company, or even buy their shares back when they needed the money for other things. 
Fahr was a silent partner in many business and personal ventures. In addition, a well-respected member of the larger community. Fahr was a very optimistic person, showing courage, wisdom and generosity in many situations.

</doc>
<doc id="18324158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324158" title="TEDA Modern Guided Rail Tram">
TEDA Modern Guided Rail Tram

TEDA Modern Guided Rail Tram is a Translohr Light Rail system in Tianjin Economic-Technological Development Area. It is a modern, high speed rubber tired tram system, both first in China & Asia. The line is considered as part of the Tianjin Metro system.
Tianjin once had a conventional steel-wheeled tramway network. The system gradually expanded and reached its peak in 1933 with 116 tramcars. Later however, like most cities around the world, the tram service was abandoned in 1972 due to its inefficiency. 
Trams returned in Tianjin in 2006. Commercial service started in 2007. Unlike standard tramway, the Translohr rubber-tired LRT system was adopted.
History.
After the abandonment of the tram network in 1972, gasoline or diesel-powered vehicles such as buses, taxis, and private automobiles started choking the streets. Like most Asian countries, China suffered many problems, including pollution, gridlock, and a sudden increase in population etc. Increasing population started increasing urbanization of Tianjin, thus more motor vehicles clogged the streets and increased pollution and worsened gridlock. Metro construction started 2 years before the tramway closure. However, it took 14 years to complete the first line as the construction was interrupted greatly by an earthquake and lack of workers. The city was suffering from congestion unheard of in the days of trams and it needed more metro lines, and fast, but construction costs were high. It was not possible for Tianjin in a short period. Another solution was needed. To solve the problem in a cheaper way, they decided to build an elevated rail system in eastern Tianjin, but although it was cheaper than metro, construction of elevated tracks and stations were also costly. So elevated rail also wasn't the permanent solution. Many cities around the world like Tunis, Sydney, Buenos Aires and Pyongyang were building LRT systems, and like them, Tianjin also planned for the return of trams.
In the 1990s the government looked for a way to decrease pollution as soon as possible. After observation from many cities around the world, the decision was made to reinstate trams in Tianjin. By then number of cars & buses had increased uncontrollably in Downtown Tianjin, so opening a tramway system were not possible there. The transport authority decided to construct the LRT network in the Tianjin Economic Development Area in eastern side of the main city at Tanggu district. 
Construction began in 2005 and the long line was opened to the public in 2007, making it the first modern LRT system in mainland China. The line is operated by Binhai Mass Transit. The total cost of the project is estimated at 500 million yuan, of which 190 million yuan are used in engineering test-line (excluding vehicles). The Tram line quickly became popular amongst locals. 
The new system was chosen for TEDA because moving from "point A" to "point B" had become slow and difficult with the increase in road traffic. The TEDA industrial zone has been Tianjin's fastest developing area.
Fleet.
The LRVs for the line were manufactured by Translohr of France. All LRVs are low floor, fully air conditioned, and can run high speed. Each LRV has three sections (Translohr STE 3) .
Stations (south to north).
The line runs on unreserved tracks, mostly in the middle of the road. It crosses many numerical avenues of TEDA & the college district. All stations have island platforms.
Incidents.
A train derailed on the evening of August 20, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18324173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324173" title="Charles C. Tew">
Charles C. Tew

Charles Courtenay Tew (October 17, 1827 – September 17, 1862) was a colonel in the Confederate States Army and was killed in action at the Battle of Antietam during the American Civil War.
Early life.
Tew was born in Charleston, South Carolina to Henry Shade Tew and Caroline Courtenay. Tew's paternal ancestry was French Huguenot and his maternal grandfather was a native of Ireland.
Tew was one of twenty cadets initially admitted to the new South Carolina Military Academy in 1843, now known as The Citadel. Tew graduated first in his class in 1846, becoming both the first graduate of the school and the first honor graduate. Upon graduation, he took a position as a professor at the school. He left The Citadel in 1852, when he spent a year in Europe studying military tactics. When he returned from Europe he was made Commandant of Cadets at The Citadel. 1857 Tew was appointed superintendent of the Arsenal Academy in Columbia, SC. He founded his own successful military academy, at Hillsborough, North Carolina in 1859 called the Hillsborough Military Academy.
Civil War.
When North Carolina seceded, the first two colonels appointed by Governor John Willis Ellis were Tew and D.H. Hill. Tew was commissioned to the 2nd North Carolina State Troops, which, during the Peninsula Campaign was attached to the brigade of Brig. Gen. George B. Anderson in the Army of Northern Virginia. Tew took part in the Peninsula Campaign, the Northern Virginia Campaign, and the Maryland Campaign. Tew was killed-in-action at the Battle of Antietam on September 17, 1862, while leading his regiment, the 2nd North Carolina State Troops.
Antietam.
During the mid-day portion of the Battle of Antietam at the Sunken Road, Tew took command of Anderson's brigade after Anderson fell mortally wounded. Tew and Col. John B. Gordon were talking at the position of the 6th Alabama in the Sunken Road (the famed Bloody Lane) at the center of the Confederate line when both were struck down. Gordon later wrote -
"The first volley from the Union lines in my front sent a ball through the brain of the chivalric Colonel Tew, of North Carolina, to whom I was talking, and another ball through the calf of my right leg. On the right and the left my men were falling under the death-dealing crossfire like trees in a hurricane..."
Capt. Matthew Manly of Company D, 2nd North Carolina wrote -
"During the battle in this bloody lane Colonel Charles Courtenay Tew was killed, his body falling into the hands of the enemy . . . . He was shot through the head and placed in the sunken road . . . Here he was found, apparently unconscious, the blood streaming from a wound in the head, with his sword held in both hands across his knees. A Federal soldier attempted to take the sword from him, but he drew it toward his body with his last remaining strength, and then his grasp relaxed and he fell forward, dead."
Tew was shot through both temples, but evidently did not die immediately. His body was ostensibly pulled down into the Sunken Road after he was struck. When the Confederates were forced to retreat from the Sunken Road, Tew's body was not recovered, and was never identified or returned.
Tew's fate and legacy.
Many conflicting stories and rumors were spread concerning Tew's fate. A prominent one was that Tew was alive and a prisoner of war at Fort Jefferson in the Dry Tortugas. Tew's father went to Washington and received permission to visit the prison but he was unable to locate him. His place of burial remains unknown. In October 1874, a Union veteran, Capt. J. W. Bean, sent a silver cup, which had been taken from Tew's body, to Tew's father. Bean's letter also informed Tew's father that he had buried Tew on the field. Tew's sword (presented by the cadets of the South Carolina Military Academy and inscribed with his name) and his watch were never returned to his family.
A photograph taken by Alexander Gardner is believed to contain an image of Tew's body. The photograph, often called "Dead at Bloody Lane" shows a Confederate officer in the bottom right of the photo, lying on his back against the bank of the Sunken Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18324183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324183" title="Riversdale Cup">
Riversdale Cup

The Riversdale Cup is the second oldest amateur golf tournament in Australia. It is a Golf Australia national ranking event.
History.
The event has been played since 1896 and is organized by and played at the Riversdale Golf Club in Mount Waverley, Victoria. It was known as the Surrey Hills Gentlemen's Championship, Gold Medal from 1896 to 1907, the Riversdale Trophy from 1909 to 1926, and the Riversdale Cup since 1928. It is a 72-hole stroke play tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18324196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324196" title="Boston Communications Group">
Boston Communications Group

Boston Communications Group, Inc., more commonly called bcgi, was one of the largest prepaid mobile phone companies in the United States until 2007. In 2005, they settled a patent lawsuit brought by Freedom Wireless, a private intellectual property firm based in Phoenix, Arizona. bcgi and its co-defendant had lost a jury trial, which awarded Freedom $128 million in damages. The co-defendants agreed to collectively pay $87 million, of which bcgi's share was $55 million. The stock price jumped from $2.09 to $4.01 upon news of the settlement, because the lawsuit threatened to drive the company into bankruptcy.
On July 12, 2007, Megasoft Ltd. of Hyderabad, India agreed to purchase bcgi in a tender offer, which was settled a few months later.

</doc>
<doc id="18324197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324197" title="Denis Lenoir">
Denis Lenoir

Denis Lenoir (born Paris, 1949) is a French cinematographer, whose credits include "Uprising", "The Clearing", and "Thursday".

</doc>
<doc id="18324299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324299" title="Karymsky District">
Karymsky District

Karymsky District () is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the thirty-one in Zabaykalsky Krai, Russia. It is located in the center of the krai. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the urban locality (an urban-type settlement) of Karymskoye. Population: 37,920 (2002 Census); The population of Karymskoye accounts for 35.1% of the district's total population.
History.
The district was established on January 4, 1926. It is named after the ethnic group of Karyms.
References.
Sources.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18324302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324302" title="Gene Persson">
Gene Persson

Eugene Persson (January 12, 1934 – June 6, 2008) was an American actor, theatrical and film producer. He was, perhaps, best known for his work as the co-producer and co-creator of the original 1967 production of the Broadway musical comedy, "You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown", as well as the show's 1999 Broadway revival, which won two Tony Awards.
Early life and career.
Gene Persson was born in Long Beach, California the son of Oscar Persson and Leah Krascoff. He began his career in entertainment as a child actor on radio, television and film, including one of the kids in "Ma and Pa Kettle" (1949) and two of its followups. He returned to acting after having served in the United States military during the Korean War, appearing in B movies, including Paramount Pictures' "The Party Crashers", as well as "Bloodlust!" and "Earth vs. the Spider."
Producer.
Persson married actress Shirley Knight in 1959. He soon began switching his career focus from acting to producing around the time of his marriage., in 1964 their daughter Kaitlin was born, He began producing plays in New York City and Los Angeles in which Knight held a starring position. Their joint productions included early plays by LeRoi Jones, who is also known as Amiri Baraka, such as "The Slave", "The Toilet" and "Dutchman". Their Broadway plays later included Stanley Mann's "Room". He also produced a controversial play entitled "The Trail of Lee Harvey Oswald" on Broadway in 1967.
On screen, Persson produced "Dutchman" with Anthony Harvey, who was a first time director at the time of production. The film, which starred Shirley Knight and Al Freeman Jr., is still screened at film festivals and museums today, according to Variety Magazine.
Knight and Persson later divorced in 1969, but remained lifelong personal and professional friends. and his daughter was raised by Knight's second husband, the English writer John Hopkins.
Persson moved to London in 1969. There he produced a total of five plays for British playwright, Peter Barnes, including "The Ruling Class". He later collaborated with Tennessee Williams during the 1970s to produce the British revival of "The Glass Menagerie" as well as "The Red Devil Battery Sign", both of which were produced in the United Kingdom. Persson and Williams also teamed up to bring "An Evening with Tennessee Williams" and "This Is" to San Francisco.
in 1972 he married Ruby Persson and they had two sons:Lukas and Markus.
Charlie Brown productions.
Persson and Arthur Whitelaw co-produced and co-created "You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown" in 1967. The musical was based on the Peanuts characters created by cartoonist Charles M. Schulz. The book in which they and their creative team adapted the musical was by John Gordon, which was a pseudonym. According to Variety Magazine, Persson's musical "has gone on to be one of the most produced musicals ever." Persson later returned as the producer of the 1999 Broadway revival of "You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown". The show earned two Tony Awards in 1999.
Persson also produced the 1973 television special of the original musical, "You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown" for the Hallmark Hall of Fame. Persson continued to produce stage productions for much of the next decade. Among these included the Peanuts musical comedy "Snoopy!!! The Musical", which he both directed and produced.
Persson was working on a musical stage version of the 1965 television holiday classic, "A Charlie Brown Christmas", at the time of his death in 2008.
Death.
Gene Persson died of a heart attack in Manhattan on June 6, 2008, at the age of 74. He was survived by his current wife of 36 years, actress and artist Ruby Persson, and his three children, Kaitlin Hopkins, an actress; Lukas Persson, a filmmaker and writer; and Markus Persson, a musician.

</doc>
<doc id="18324309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324309" title="U-90042">
U-90042

U-90042 is a sedative and hypnotic drug used in scientific research. It has similar effects to sedative-hypnotic benzodiazepine drugs, but is structurally distinct and so is classed as a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic. 
U-90042 is a GABAA agonist acting primarily at the α1, α3 and α6 subtypes, with a Ki of 7.8nM at α1, 9.5nM at α3 and 11.0nM at α6. It produces sedation and ataxia and prolongs sleeping time in mice, rats and monkeys, but does not produce amnesia and blocks the amnestic effect of diazepam, reflecting its different subtype affinity compared to benzodiazepine drugs. It was developed by a team at Novo Nordisk in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18324331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324331" title="David Cabrera">
David Cabrera

David Cabrera may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18324335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324335" title="Karymsky">
Karymsky

Karymsky (masculine), Karymskaya (feminine), or Karymskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18324343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324343" title="Abronia alpina">
Abronia alpina

Abronia alpina is a rare species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common name Ramshaw Meadows sand verbena. It is endemic to Tulare County, California, where it is known from only one area high in the Sierra Nevada. 
Description.
This is a small, squat perennial herb which forms a flat to mounded mat on the floor of alpine meadow habitat. The leaves have rounded blades each less than a centimeter long at the ends of short petioles. The foliage and stems are fuzzy and glandular. The plant blooms in clusters of up to five white to pink or lavender flowers around a centimeter wide and long. 

</doc>
<doc id="18324352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324352" title="Lois Rostow Kuznets">
Lois Rostow Kuznets

Lois Rostow Kuznets is a professor emeritus of English at San Diego State University, specializing in children's literature. Her best-known book, "When Toys Come Alive", studies narratives featuring living toys such as Calvin and Hobbes and Winnie the Pooh, arguing that the toys function as transitional objects that mediate between childhood and adult desires. The book won multiple awards. [http://childlit.sdsu.edu/faculty/kuznets.htm]. She was also President of the Children's Literature Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18324355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324355" title="Toffen Castle">
Toffen Castle

Toffen Castle () is a Baroque country estate in Toffen, Canton of Bern, Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
It was first recorded as a castle in the early 14th century, and was rebuilt in its current form in 1671 by Hans Georg von Werdt. The estate remains in private ownership.

</doc>
<doc id="18324366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324366" title="Nha Trang Airport">
Nha Trang Airport

Nha Trang Airport may refer to the 2 airports serving Nha Trang, Khanh Hoa, Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="18324370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324370" title="Valentine (album)">
Valentine (album)

Valentine is the seventh album by English folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper. It was first released in 1974 by Harvest Records.
History.
The album contains mainly love songs and were written whilst Harper was writing and recording his previous albums ("Stormcock" and "Lifemask").
Promotional material at the time included full page advertisements, in magazines such as ZigZag, of Harper wearing only a pair of socks and the words "music to droop your drawers to".
Album cover.
The album cover has altered over the years with various re-releases. The currently available issue features the original artwork; a carbon portrait of Harper erasing himself with a rubber. It was drawn by Joe Petagno whilst working for Hipgnosis 
Track listing.
"All tracks credited to Roy Harper"

</doc>
<doc id="18324399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324399" title="Future University in Egypt">
Future University in Egypt

Future University (FUE; Arabic: جامعة المستقبل) is a private university located in New Cairo, Egypt founded in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18324411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324411" title="2008 U.S. Women's Open Golf Championship">
2008 U.S. Women's Open Golf Championship

The 2008 U.S. Women's Open Golf Championship was the 63rd U.S. Women's Open, held June 26–29 at Interlachen Country Club in Edina, Minnesota, a suburb southwest of Minneapolis. It was the first U.S. Women's Open played at the course, which hosted the Solheim Cup in 2002. The winner was 19-year old Inbee Park, four strokes ahead of runner-up Helen Alfredsson.
The course hosted the U.S. Open in 1930, part of the grand slam of Bobby Jones.
Field.
Exempt players.
1. Last 10 U.S. Women's Open Champions
Juli Inkster, Birdie Kim, Cristie Kerr, Hilary Lunke, Meg Mallon, Se Ri Pak, Annika Sörenstam, Karrie Webb
2. Top two finishers in the 2007 U.S. Women's Amateur and winner of the 2006 U.S. Women's Amateur
Amanda Blumenherst (a), Kimberly Kim (a), Mariajo Uribe (a)
3. Last five LPGA Champions
Suzann Pettersen, Yani Tseng
4. Last five Women's British Open Champions
Jeong Jang, Lorena Ochoa, Sherri Steinhauer, Karen Stupples
5. Last five Kraft Nabisco Champions
Grace Park, Morgan Pressel
6. From the 2007 U.S. Women's Open, the 20 lowest scorers and ties.
Kyeong Bae, Paula Creamer, Julieta Granada, Amy Hung, Jimin Kang, Christina Kim, Mi Hyun Kim, Jee Young Lee, Brittany Lincicome, Catriona Matthew, Ai Miyazato, Angela Park, Inbee Park, Ji-Yai Shin, Angela Stanford
7. From the 2007 LPGA Tour money list, the top 40 money leaders
Shi Hyun Ahn, Nicole Castrale, Laura Davies, Laura Diaz, Meaghan Francella, Natalie Gulbis, Sophie Gustafson, Rachel Hetherington, Maria Hjorth, Pat Hurst, I.K. Kim, Young Kim, Brittany Lang, Sarah Lee, Seon Hwa Lee, Na On Min, Stacy Prammanasudh, Reilley Rankin, Lindsey Wright
8. From the 2008 LPGA Tour money, the top 35 money leaders through June 1st
Minea Blomqvist, Na Yeon Choi, Allison Fouch, Hee-Won Han, Song-Hee Kim, Candie Kung, Leta Lindley, Teresa Lu, Jane Park, Momoko Ueda, Sun Young Yoo
9. Winner of tournaments from the conclusion of last year's U.S. Women's Open until now
Louise Friberg
10. Top 3 players from the Japan LPGA Tour, LPGA of Korea Tour, and Ladies European Tour
Sun-Ju Ahn, Bettina Hauert, Mi-Jeong Jeon, Eun-Hee Ji, Gwladys Nocera, Sakura Yokomine
Qualifiers.
"(a) - amateur"
Course layout.
Source:
Round summaries.
First round.
"Thursday, June 26, 2008"<br><br>
The Open kicked off on Thursday with the field playing in threesomes starting from either the first tee or the tenth tee. Featured threesomes included Annika Sörenstam, Suzann Pettersen, and Paula Creamer, ranked 2, 3, and 4 respectively in the world rankings. Sorenstam and Petterssen opened their U.S. Opens with scores of 75 (+2) and 77 (+4) respectively. Creamer shot a 70 to move three shots off the pace. The other featured threesome included number one ranked player Lorena Ochoa, defending U.S. Open champion Cristie Kerr, and 2007 U.S. Women's Amateur champion Maria José Uribe. Uribe led that group with a 69 to lead all amateurs and end the day in a tie for fourth overall; Kerr shot a 1-under 72; Ochoa had an up-and-down round of even-par 73. The rounds of the day belonged to Ji Young Oh, who had eight birdies and two bogeys and to Pat Hurst who had six birdies and an eagle. Oh and Hurst tied after Round 1 at six-under par 67.
Second round.
"Friday, June 27, 2008"<br>
"Saturday, June 28, 2008"<br><br>
With Thursday's rounds completed many well-known American players took a step down on the competition while many lesser-known and international players took a step up. A two-hour weather delay required some to finish their rounds on Saturday morning. Angela Park had an even round on Thursday, and a 6-under 67 in the second round. She held a one-stroke lead over three others: Inbee Park of Korea, Helen Alfredsson of Sweden, and the only Finnish player in the tournament, Minea Blomqvist. The two leading Americans were Paula Creamer and Cristie Kerr at 4-under 142. Both first-round leaders took a severe fall on Friday, with Ji Young Oh, who had to finish her second round on Saturday due to the weather delay, shooting a 76 and Pat Hurst turning in a 5-over 78. Many top-ranked or well-known players missed the cut, including Laura Davies (70-81), Natalie Gulbis (73-80), 13-year old Alexis Thompson (75-77), 2003 champion and Minnesotan Hilary Lunke (74-78), Juli Inkster (74-81), and Michelle Wie (81-75).
Third round.
"Saturday, June 28, 2008"<br>
Final round.
"Sunday, June 29, 2008"<br>
Source:
Scorecard.
"Final round"
"Cumulative tournament scores, relative to par"<br>
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18324426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324426" title="Fue">
Fue

Categorization.
"Fue" are traditionally broken up into two basic categories – the transverse flute and the end-blown flute. Transverse flutes are held to the side, with the musician blowing across a hole near one end; end-blown flutes are held vertically and the musician blows into one end. 
History.
The earliest "fue" may have developed from pitch pipes called "paixiao" in Chinese. The "gabachi" instruments eventually made its way over to Japan from China in the fifth century, 
Soon after the introduction of "fue" instruments, members of the Fuke sect of Zen Buddhism made normal use of the "shakuhachi". These "priests of nothingness" viewed the instruments as spiritual tools, using them for "suizen", or "blowing meditation". Modern "fue" performance may feature a soloist or involve either a chamber or large ensemble of the instruments.
Instruments.
Japanese "fue" include many different varieties of Japanese flute, including the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18324443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324443" title="Spotswood, New Zealand">
Spotswood, New Zealand

Spotswood is a suburb of New Plymouth in the Taranaki Region of New Zealand. It is located to the west of the city centre. The population was 2,010 in the 2006 Census, an increase of 27 from 2001.
Education.
Spotswood College is a secondary (years 9-13) school with a decile rating of 5 and a roll of 1020. It was founded in 1960.
Spotswood Primary School is a contributing primary (years 1-6) school with a decile rating of 4 and a roll of 291. The school celebrated its 50th jubilee in 2007.
Te Pi'ipi'inga Kakano Mai Rangiatea is a full primary (years 1-8) school with a decile rating of 2 and a roll of 80. It is a Kura Kaupapa Māori school which teaches in the Māori language. 
All these schools are coeducational.

</doc>
<doc id="18324454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324454" title="Amanita excelsa var. spissa">
Amanita excelsa var. spissa

"Amanita excelsa" var. "spissa" is a variety of basidiomycete fungus of the genus "Amanita". This large, grey to brown-capped fungus has a very variable appearance but is commonly encountered in coniferous and deciduous forests in Europe and North America. It is sometimes referred to by the common name grey spotted Amanita.
Description.
The cap is around 10cms in diameter when fully expanded, and is various shades of brown or brown/grey, sometimes washing off to buff. Younger specimens have grey veil remnants often in quite large; flat patches, but these are usually removed later by the weather. The mature stem is usually fairly long, and has a bulbous base which is without a discernible volva, having just several flaky ring zones instead. It is marked above the ring with vertical lines. The ring is large and white, and also has lines. The gills are crowded; white, and have a slight decurrent tooth. The flesh is white; smells of ’radish’, and turns purple when sulphuric acid is applied.
Distribution and habitat.
"Amanita excelsa" var. "spissa" occurs in Britain, Europe, and eastern North America in summer, and autumn. Growing with both broad leaved and coniferous trees.
"A. excelsa" var. "spissa" is considered by some authors to be the more common variety of "Amanita excelsa".
Edibility.
Pronounced edible by some, but probably best avoided in case of confusion with "A. pantherina".

</doc>
<doc id="18324463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324463" title="Mark Jenkins (fitness trainer)">
Mark Jenkins (fitness trainer)

Mark Jenkins is a celebrity personal fitness trainer who has worked with Mary J. Blige, Sean “Diddy” Combs, Beyoncé, Benny Medina, Johnny Cochran, Tyler Perry, Angie Martinez, Busta Rhymes, L.L. Cool J, Eve, Q-Tip, L.A. Reid, Anthony Hamilton, Susan Taylor, Missy Elliott, Brandy, D’Angelo and N.O.R.E.
Early life.
Jenkins was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York. As a youth, he was teased by his classmates for being overweight. As an adolescent, Jenkins felt there was an important link between healthy fitness and self-esteem. After he graduated high school, Jenkins enlisted in the Navy in a last attempt to lose weight. He started training with a fellow officer and ultimately caught the attention of the ranking officer who assigned Jenkins to train all enlisted personnel suffering from obesity.
Career.
Jenkins returned to New York and began training at a local gym while working at a post office. The gym was located directly across the street from Worldwide Plaza, home to record label executives and artists including R&B vocalist Brandy, who became one of his first clients. The next big break came in 2000 when he started working with Soul singer D’Angelo and became known as the man responsible for his newly formed sculpted body in the music video “(Untitled) How Does It Feel” off the platinum album Voodoo. After that his celebrity roster of clients continued to grow.
Jenkins began training Mary J. Blige in 2000, a relationship that lasted eight years. In 2003 Jenkins trained P. Diddy intensely for the New York City Marathon while additionally appearing in the MTV docudrama “Diddy Runs the City.” In 2004 he gave Beyoncé a 30-day intensive on the set of her filming “The Fighting Temptations.” He developed his own nutritional supplement line, the Pinnacle Work It kit, sold at GNC stores nationwide while also releasing a 90-Day Transformation DVD. He traveled alongside Mary J. Blige on numerous domestic and global tours, giving the R&B singer daily workouts and contributing to her overall body transformation.
Jenkins is known to construct workout programs that include a fusion of pilates, calisthenics, martial arts, sports drills, weight training and high intensity cardio, as well as incorporate boxing, bungee cords, sand bags and kettle bells.
In 2008 he wrote a weekly fitness column for The New Nation Newspaper (Britain’s #1 selling black newspaper) and in Fall 2008 he appeared in the European MTV series “Made.” He has lent his expertise to various networks including BET, VH-1, MTV, Fit TV, E! Entertainment, EXTRA and appeared alongside Mary J. Blige on The Tyra Banks Show. He’s been profiled in magazines such as VIBE, Cosmogirl, Essence, Ebony, People Weekly, JET, Smooth, Muscle & Fitness, Self, Flex, Physical, King, XXL, Monarch, J’Adore and acted as a contributing editor to Cargo Magazine.
In 2010, he became the official spokesperson for the United Way and started a new initiative called Fun, Fly and Fit Children’s Program.
The Jump Off: 60 Days to a Hip Hop Hard Body.
In 2004 he released his workout book, The Jump Off: 60 Days to a Hip Hop Hard Body (Harper Collins Publishing) with a forward by Mary J. Blige. In the book Jenkins narrates his life story and provides workout routines, high performance nutrition, motivational techniques and fitness tips from celebrity clientele including Beyoncé, Busta Rhymes, LL Cool J, Susan Taylor, Andre Harrell, Tom Cole and Angie Martinez. The book was co-written by Jeff O’Connell, associate editor at Men’s Health Magazine.
Personal life.
Known for his characteristic Japanese fire dragon and yin yang tattoos on his upper arm, Jenkins is the founder/co-owner of International Fitness, a fitness and wellness company that specializes in training performing artists. He often recruits West African drummers and other rhythms for motivation and energy in his workouts and claims that anyone who can survive his programcan can change his or her body type. He currently resides with his wife and two children in Maryland and has started a nonprofit organization, "Muscle and Music for Youth", to help younger generations learn about fitness and healthy living. He has also established "Wellness" facilities in South Africa with plans to live there in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="18324468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324468" title="Robertson Road">
Robertson Road

Robertson Road (Ottawa Road #36) is a road in Ottawa's west end. It runs approximately between Baseline Road east of Bells Corners and Eagleson Road in Kanata where the road continues west as Hazeldean Road. At Baseline Road it continues east as Richmond Road. 
Robertson Road is a four-lane route along its entire length and the speed limit is except within Bells Corners where it is . The route west of the old CP Rail trestle (now the Trans Canada Trail) passes through the Greenbelt and is designated as a high risk deer collision corridor. Numerous attempts have been made to reduce the risk, including reflective markers along the shoulder on each side of the road. Most recently, these have been removed and the lighting installed.
Construction was completed in the Fall of 2013 around the intersection with Moodie Drive. New sewers were installed and Robertson was widened from four lanes to six to ease peak period congestion. As well, the traffic lights at the Moodie Drive intersection were upgraded to have protected left turns for traffic turning from Moodie onto Robertson, as opposed to the unprotected left turns previously installed.
History.
Robertson Road was named for John Robertson (1797-1884), an owner of a general store in Bells Corners and "Surveyor of Roads" for the Township of Nepean.
Originally built as the concession road leading west to the Hazeldean neighbourhood in neighbouring Goulbourn Township, the road was named Arnprior Road because from there it headed northwest to the town of Arnprior. It was known colloquially as "Whiskey Road" for the number of taverns along its route. It later became part of Highway 7 and Highway 15 before the western leg of Highway 417 was completed, after which it was known for a time as "Old Highway 7 & 15". The name Robertson Road was established on September 28, 1983 by a Regional Municipality of Ottawa-Carleton (RMOC) by-law naming the portion of Highway 7 and 15, west of the Richmond Road turnoff at Bells Corners to Eagleson Road.
Renaming controversy.
On 13 April 2011, Ottawa City Council voted to rename Robertson Road and a portion of Richmond Road after the late Lloyd Francis, a land speculator, former Liberal Member of Parliament and former Speaker of the Canadian House of Commons. The decision would have seen the name of Robertson Road and the portion of Richmond Road between Robertson Road and Baseline Road changed to Lloyd Francis Boulevard so the commercial strip in Bells Corners would bear a single name for its entire length. The Robertson name was to be preserved as the name of a park. Strong opposition from local residents and business eventually led to Ottawa City Council voting to rescind the decision and voting to extend the Robertson Road name east to Baseline Road instead, renaming only the portion of Richmond Road in Bells Corners. The changes came into effect on May 1, 2012.
Major Intersections.
The following is a list of major intersections along Robertson Road, from west to east:

</doc>
<doc id="18324481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324481" title="Nine Pinnacle Pagoda">
Nine Pinnacle Pagoda

The Nine Pinnacle Pagoda or Jiuding Pagoda (, sometimes translated as "Nine Roof Pagoda") is an 8th-century pavilion-style brick pagoda located in central Shandong Province, China. It is noted for its unique roof design featuring nine small pagodas.
Location.
The Nine Pinnacle Pagoda is located near Qinjiazhuang Village, Liubu Town, in Licheng District, under the administration of Jinan City, about 33 kilometers southeast of the city of Jinan proper.
History.
The pagoda was erected during the Tang Dynasty between the years 742 and 756 AD. The pagoda is made entirely from bricks laid tightly with joint gaps of about 1 centimeter. The pagoda's floor plan is an equilateral octagon in which all of the eight side walls are curved inwards. These concave walls are another distinguishing feature not found in other pagodas of the period. The main body of the pagoda contains only a single storey and the most elaborate feature of the structure are nine small pagodas that decorate the roof. This design may have been chosen to reflect the Chinese saying derived from a story of the Warring States period which reads: One word, nine ding vessels (). The saying means that a promise given carries a lot of weight (like the literal weight of the nine heavy ding vessels).
The name of the pagoda () has the same pronunciation as the second half of the saying, although the characters for "ding" meaning "pinnacle" () and "ding" meaning "ding vessel" () are not the same. Each of the roof pagodas has a square cross-section, three eaved storeys, and features a small door. Eight of the nine roof pagodas are positioned over the eight corners of the main body's octagon with their doors oriented outwards.
The height of these roof pagodas is 2.84 meters each. The ninth pagoda occupies the center of the roof. It is almost twice as large as its peers (5.33 meters) and its single door faces south. Including these roof decorations, the total height of the pagoda is 13.36 meters. The eaves of the pagoda are made from 17 layers of brick as is characteristic for the period. The pagoda stands on the grounds of the Nine Pagoda () Temple. A change in the appearance of the walls of the pagoda near the middle of the main body (at 3.6 meters above ground) is seen as an indication that the lower half of the pagoda may have been formerly surrounded by another structure. The arched entrance door to the pagoda's main storey is located right above this transition. It leads to a chamber which houses a 1.2-meter tall Buddha statue made from stone and executed the style of the Tang Dynasty. There are also statues of two monks. On the wall of the chamber a few traces of Buddhist murals remain.
The Nine Pinnacle Pagoda has been integrated into the grounds of the "Jiuding Pagoda Park of Minority Customs" ().

</doc>
<doc id="18324506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324506" title="Thunderbird Soccer Club">
Thunderbird Soccer Club

Thunderbird SC () is a Taiwanese football (soccer) club based in Kaohsiung. They play at the Kaohsiung Football Stadium with a capacity of 5,000.
History.
Thunderbird Soccer Team () was founded in 1968 by a group of high school students favoring the sport. Initially they took part in regional competitions in southern Taiwan. In 1970, they first participated in the National Youth Cup in Taipei and eventually won the championship. They obtained the second National Youth Cup title in the next year, followed by another National Youth Cup in 1973 and CTFA Cup in 1976. Several Thunderbird players were called up to the Chinese Taipei national football team.
In the end of 1982, Chinese Taipei Football Association founded the National Football League, and Thunderbird was one of the 7 founding members along with Flying Camel, Taipower, Taipei City Bank, Lukuang, Taipei Physical Education College, and Taiwan Provincial College of Physical Education. Unlike other teams with school, military, or state-owned enterprise backgrounds, Thunderbird was the only team run by private organization. Their players came from various professions: trade business, teacher, butcher, accountant, etc. Lack of financial support made them hard to keep good players and even to afford the increasing traveling expenses. Some players chose to transfer to teams such as Taipower for making livings. The remaining people were sometimes unable to attend the league games due to working overtime in the weekends. A shocking 0-19 defeat to Flying Camel on January 26, 1986 revealed their difficult position - in that game they had only 8 applicable players. In 1988, Thunderbird was relegated to the second division for the first time. Although they fought back to the first division two years later, they were relegated again in 1991 and had struggled between the first and the second divisions afterward. 
In the 1990s, Thunderbird changed its focus to bringing up Taiwanese youth footballers. In 1997, Thunderbird was renamed to Thunderbird Soccer Club and founded the Kaohsiung Thunderbird Soccer Association on January 21, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18324509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324509" title="Lepidium perfoliatum">
Lepidium perfoliatum

Lepidium perfoliatum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name clasping pepperweed. It is native to Europe and Asia and it can be found in other parts of the world as an introduced species. 
This is an annual or biennial herb producing an erect stem to a maximum height near 60 centimeters. Leaves at the base of the plant are divided into linear lobes, while the leaves higher up on the stem are rounded to oval in shape and surround the stem. The tip of the stem is occupied by an inflorescence of very small flowers, each with yellow petals only 1 or 2 millimeters long. The fruit is a flattened oval or diamond-shaped capsule about 4 millimeters long. 

</doc>
<doc id="18324553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324553" title="Ivan Nagel">
Ivan Nagel

Ivan Nagel (June 28, 1931 – April 9, 2012) was a German theater scholar, critic and former theater director of Hungarian origin.
Life.
Ivan Nagel was born in Budapest. He came from a Jewish family who fled their home because of the Second World War, and therefore survived the Holocaust. After the war, Nagel wanted to study in Budapest. This was refused to him by the communist rulers since he was a bourgeois. He fled to Switzerland in 1948. In the 1950s Nagel lived and studied as a refugee first in Paris and Zürich then in Frankfurt am Main. In Frankfurt he studied philosophy under Theodor W. Adorno who later helped him to avoid a threatening deportation (as an "undesirable asylum seeker"). After his studies, he worked as a theater critic in Munich and became the chief drama director of the Munich Kammerspiele. In 1972 he was appointed the director of the Deutsches Schauspielhaus (German Play House) in Hamburg and stayed there until 1979. During this time he gathered numerous renowned producers around him. He would become famous from this time on, preceding the productions of Peter Zadek who later, in the 1980s, became the director of this stage. Nagel went to New York in 1981 and lived there until 1983. He returned to Germany with the idea of a theater festival that would give an overview of theater development of different cultures around the world. The festival, Theater der Welt (Theater of the World), still takes place in varying German cities. It has given the German public the opportunity to see prominent theater productions like those of Peter Brook and Ariane Mnouchkine. From 1985 to 1988 Nagel was the director of the Staatstheater Stuttgart, and from 1989 to 1996 Professor of History and Aesthetics at Berlin University of the Arts. He died, aged 80, in Berlin.
His stage achievements aside, Nagel is famous for his theatre theory and portraits of theater directors like Fritz Kortner, Peter Stein and Peter Zadek. His book about Mozart's Opera "Autonomy and Mercy" has been translated into English, French and Japanese.
Achievements.
Ivan Nagel received the 2000 Moses Mendelssohn Prize and the 2002 Verdienstorden des Landes Berlin (Order of Merit of the Land of Berlin). In 2003, he was honored with the Bundesverdienstkreuz and the Ernst Bloch Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="18324556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324556" title="Market Square Center">
Market Square Center

Market Square Center is a high rise building in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was completed in 1975 and has 20 floors. It is primarily used for office space. It's best known for its unique gold reflective glass facade and is popularly nicknamed the Gold Building.

</doc>
<doc id="18324565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324565" title="United Architects of the Philippines Student Auxiliary">
United Architects of the Philippines Student Auxiliary

The Official Logo of United Architects of The Philippines Student Auxiliary
United Architects of the Philippines Student Auxiliary (UAPSA)is the prime and duly recognized student organization of the United Architects of the Philippines (UAP). UAPSA was established in 1989 as an arm and junior partner of United Architects of the Philippines (UAP - IAPOA), the integrated and accredited professional organization of architects in the Philippines. Its purpose is to motivate and install discipline among architectural students and to propagate the goals and aspirations of all architects.
Jesus M. Reyes, then Vice Dean of College of Architecture and 1989 President of UAP-SC, Silangan Chapter, organized the first official UAPSA with 24 students at the Central Colleges of the Philippines (CCP) with a UAP Certificate of recognition dated November 18, 1989. It was before a sub-committee under the membership committee of UAP, until in 1990 when the organization's policy on student's auxiliary was fully implemented, more UAPSA was organized in various colleges and universities and today it is recognized nationwide.
Today, UAPSA is an organization known to cater to Architecture students, organize seminars, events and activities to empower them. With members from up to 65 different schools all over the Philippines, it is affiliated with over five thousand five hundred members.
Purpose and Objectives.
In order to project the value and the importance of the role of the Architecture student in nation building and public service. As a junior arm of the professional organization, It brings together affiliated architectural schools in the country with the aim of gearing students towards professionalism, camaraderie, and selfless service.

</doc>
<doc id="18324566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324566" title="Tennessee State Route 57">
Tennessee State Route 57

Tennessee State Route 57 is an east–west highway that runs from Memphis to the Mississippi state line near Pickwick Dam and Pickwick Landing State Park. Except for in Shelby County, SR 57 is a two lane road generally with a speed limit. The majority of the road follows the path of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad (now part of the Norfolk Southern Railway).
Route description.
Shelby County.
SR 57 starts in Memphis by going south on Trezevant Street from State Route 14 (Jackson Avenue). Trezevant St. turns into East Parkway and follows U.S. 70/U.S. 79/U.S. 64 and State Route 277. SR 57 then turns east and follows U.S. 72 along Poplar Avenue, where it starts to follow the Norfolk Southern Railway to the north. Poplar Avenue has an interchange with Interstate 240 in East Memphis and soon enters Germantown, where it is briefly overlapped with State Route 177. As the road enters Collierville, it becomes known as West Poplar Avenue (instead of Poplar Avenue). SR 57 meets Byhalia Road Mississippi Highway 309 as a crossroads. Just east of that intersection U.S. 72 diverges from SR 57 by going southeast into Mississippi, while SR 57 continues east along West Poplar Ave. SR 57 becomes a two-lane road but remains at a speed until it exits Collierville. East of the Collierville town square, it becomes East Poplar Avenue and State Route 205 (Collierville-Arlington Road) has its southern terminus at SR 57.
Poplar Avenue is a major thoroughfare through Shelby County and has much commercial development along its route. In the city of Memphis, the road is locally known for its narrow lanes of traffic and hazardous storm grates along its edges. The many freight trains that run along the side of it cause several traffic delays throughout the day.
Fayette County.
When State Route 57 enters Fayette County, the speed limit increases to and except for when the road passes through a town, it remains at this speed until it ends in Mississippi. Just outside of Collierville, SR 57 has an interchange with State Route 385 (Future Interstate 269). In the city of Piperton, SR 57 intersects with State Route 196 and crosses over the Norfolk Southern Railway. A few miles down the road, it passes through Rossville and is the southern terminus for State Route 194. SR 57 passes over the Wolf River and passes through Moscow. The southern terminus of State Route 76 occurs in Moscow. Several miles down the road from here, SR 57 passes through LaGrange. Motorists can view several of the town's historic buildings from the road. East of LaGrange, SR 57 turns left along State Route 18, passes over the Norfolk Southern Railway again, and then continues east.
Former Alignment.
A former alignment of SR 57 exists for 1.2 miles in Piperton. The former route exits SR 57 heading south as Commerce Road, and after approximately 450 feet turns eastward into West Old State Line Road. Old State Line Road then briefly turns into State Route 196 before becoming East Old State Line Road. After half a mile, East Old State Line Road turns slightly left before reentering SR 57.
Hardeman County.
After splitting from SR 18, State Route 57 enters Hardeman County and also enters Grand Junction. It is home to the National Bird Dog Museum, which is visible from the road. SR 57 crosses over the Mississippi Central Railroad and junctions with State Route 368. Several miles east is the town of Saulsbury, Tennessee. East of Saulsbury, SR 57 passes over the Norfolk Southern Railway for a third time, and continues east to Middleton. Here, it intersects with State Route 125 and crosses the Mississippi Tennessee Railroad. East of Middleton, SR 57 goes through the town of Pocahontas, where it passes over the Norfolk Southern Railway for the fourth and final time. The railroad continues southeast into Mississippi while SR 57 continues east. It also passes over the Hatchie River around Pocahontas.
McNairy County.
State Route 57 enters McNairy County and passes north of Big Hill Pond State Park. SR 57 passes through Ramer, where it is the northern terminus of State Route 234. It also crosses over the West Tennessee Railroad (also owned by Norfolk Southern Railway). SR 57 continues east and crosses U.S. Highway 45 near the town of Eastview. after crossing U.S. 45, SR 57 goes north of the town of Michie and intersects with State Route 224. East of Michie, the road junctions with State Route 22, which is the most direct route to Shiloh National Military Park.
Hardin County.
State Route 57 passes into Hardin County and intersects with State Route 142 west of the town of Counce. When SR 57 enters the town of Counce, it crosses a railroad spur of the Kansas City Southern Railway. East of the town, the road intersects with State Route 128 in Pickwick Village. SR 128 goes north over Pickwick Dam, and SR 57 turns right and heads south toward Pickwick Landing State Park. SR 57 continues south along Pickwick Lake for approximately until it crosses into Mississippi and becomes Mississippi Highway 25.

</doc>
<doc id="18324574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324574" title="Cater MetroTrolley">
Cater MetroTrolley

MetroTrolley is a battery electric vehicle developed in response to zero emission rail car requirements in certain environments. Its aim is to replace the RRV Hirail-type road-rail vehicle used for ultrasonic rail flaw detection / non-destructive testing. Previous trolley types do not have full rail inspection capabilities or do not have zero emissions. It was developed in 2007 by the Centre for Advanced Transport Engineering and Research (CATER) in Western Australia primarily for ultrasonic rail flaw detection
A newly developed alternative is the HANDWave DRT (Dual Rail Tester) which is capable of ultrasonic rail flaw detection performance equivalent to current rail bound testers. This unit can be separated into two (2) separate Single Rail Testers (HANDWave SRT) or towed behind a rail vehicle].

</doc>
<doc id="18324597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324597" title="Ballard Spahr">
Ballard Spahr

Ballard Spahr LLP is an American law firm of more than 500 lawyers practicing in the areas of litigation, business and finance, intellectual property, public finance, and real estate. The firm is one of the largest in the United States according to The American Lawyer.
Practice areas.
Ballard Spahr has one of the largest real estate practices in the United States, encompassing virtually all aspects of real estate finance, conveyancing, construction, and development. The firm's largest department is its litigation department. The firm also does a significant amount of work in mergers and acquisitions, securities and other areas of corporate law, including the representation of sports franchises. The firm has also represented government entities in the issuance of municipal bonds and other tax-exempt instruments.
The firm also practices in the areas of labor & employment, insurance law, environmental law, tax law and other related sub-disciplines.
In 2008, Ballard Spahr acquired the Atlanta-based intellectual property boutique firm of Needle & Rosenberg.
In 2013, Ballard Spahr announced a partnership with New York City-based firm of Stillman & Friedman 
Clients.
The firm's list of notable clients includes:

</doc>
<doc id="18324625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324625" title="1955–56 Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1">
1955–56 Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1

This page presents the Tunisian football league for the 1955-1956 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18324631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324631" title="Queen Esther Marrow">
Queen Esther Marrow

Queen Esther Marrow is an American soul and gospel singer.
Biography.
Queen Esther Marrow was born in Newport News, Virginia. She began her career at the age of 22, when her talent and vocal gifts were discovered by Duke Ellington and made her debut as a featured artist in his "Sacred Concert" world tour. Marrow and Ellington formed a long-life friendship during the next four years while touring together. Queen has since performed with such musical greats as Lena Horne, Ella Fitzgerald, B.B. King, Ray Charles, Thelonious Monk, Chick Corea and Bob Dylan.
In 1965, Marrow became active in the civil rights movement when she performed in Dr. Martin Luther King’s "World Crusade." There she met her lifetime idol Mahalia Jackson, with whom she would later share the stage. Other political activists on the crusade were Jesse Jackson, Sidney Poitier and Dr. Ralph Abernathy.
Marrow was also involved in musical theater, jazz, television and film. She played Auntie ‘Em on Broadway in "The Wiz", and was featured in several other Broadway shows including "Comin’ Uptown", "Nice To Be Civilized", and she starred as her idol Mahalia Jackson in the national tour of "Sing Mahalia Sing", directed by George Faison. Marrow was featured in Motown’s film "The Last Dragon", produced by Berry Gordy. Her numerous television appearances have ranged from the serious to the comic. They include "Duke Ellington: The Music Lives On", as Oscar the Grouch’s mother in "Sesame Street" on PBS and "New York to Paris with The Harlem Gospel Singers", also on PBS. In 1990, a dream of Marrow’s came true when "Truly Blessed", a musical about Mahalia Jackson written by and starring Queen Esther, was seen in San Francisco, Washington, D.C., and in New York on Broadway. The musical received three Helen Hayes nominations including Best New Play.
Marrow has performed for former Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton and done a command performance the British Royal Family. She sung at the Vatican for Pope John Paul II several times.
Most recently she founded The Harlem Gospel Singers, an international touring gospel group. The group with their popularity at an all-time high made history on July 7, 1998, as the only gospel group ever to perform the Grand Evenement du Maurier (grand event) at the Montreal Jazz Festival, drawing over 100,000 audience members.

</doc>
<doc id="18324635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324635" title="Sabah Khoury">
Sabah Khoury

Sabah Khoury is a Lebanese basketball player who plays Shooting Guard for the Amchit basketball team of the Lebanese Basketball League (LBL). He formerly played for Hekmeh BC, Champville SC and Al Mouttahed Tripoli in the Lebanese Basketball League, and Qingdao Doublestar in the Chinese Basketball League, he's one of the best Lebanese basketball players who played in China. Sabah is well known to be one of the top scorers and top three points shooters in every season of his career, he has great shooting abilities and can also play as a Point Guard. Khoury has also participated many times in international championships with his teams and the Lebanese national basketball team.
Early years.
Sabah Khoury, born in Kuwait on 10 November 1982, lived in Lebanon until he was 15. He moved to the United States to finish high school. He played at Okemos High School, winning a district championship during his senior year in 2001. His career ended with a loss to Kalamazoo Central High School, where he scored 33 points against NFL star Greg Jennings. He then joined Lansing Community College for one year to study Business Management before moving back to Lebanon at the age of 19 to continue his studies there.
Career.
While in the United States, Sabah played for the Lansing Community College team (2001-2002) where few teams tried to contact him because of his great reputation and wonderful skills.
Career 2002-2005.
When Sabah moved back to Lebanon, many teams were very interested in him like Champville SC and Hekmeh BC mostly. And after few meetings with Hekmeh BC's team and management, Sabah signed a three years contract with the team (2002-2005) and started to play professionally at the age of 19.
2003-2004 season.
Note that in this season Sabah and his teammates in Hekmeh BC managed to defeat Champville SC and Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut without any foreign players!!
Career 2005-2006.
After 2005, Sabah turned 22 and he was a free player since three years with Hekmeh BC. Coach Ghassan Sarkis wanted him to play for Champville SC, so Sabah took his chance and signed a one-year contract with the team (2005-2006).
2005-2006 season.
"Sabah helped the team reach the final 4 after their famous breakup that led most of their main players to Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut. Note that Sabah's team was to only team to beat Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut in the final 4 when they defeated them in game 2 of the series."
Career 2006-2007.
After 2006 in Champville SC, Sabah signed a 2-year contract with Hekmeh BC but in the same summer the president of the club resigned and Hekmeh BC was in a big mess. Meanwhile, Sabah was with the Lebanese national basketball team in the Basketball World Championship in Japan and after he was back there was no team for Hekmeh BC. Few teams negotiated with Sabah and eventually he picked Al Mouttahed Tripoli knowing that Hekmeh BC probably will not make a team and will drop to the second division. Few weeks after Sabah signed a one-year contract with Al Mouttahed Tripoli (2006-2007), Hekmeh BC made a team in the lat minute just to survive and prevent dropping to the second division and because it was too late the Lebanese Basketball Federation allowed them to sign with free players so Sabah spent his year with Al Mouttahed Tripoli. It was a very short season for Sabah, because the team was young and new on the basketball scene (it was their second year in first division), so they finished 5th in the league and Sabah was one of the top assist players.
Career 2007-2009.
After his contract with Al Mouttahed Tripoli ended, Sabah was back to Hekmeh BC (his old home) with a 2-year contract (2007-2009) and he was the team captain for the first time.
2007-2008 season.
Season stats:
22 games: 
14.4 ppg 
5.4 rpg 
6.4 apg 
1.9 spg
In Dubai tournament this year, Hekmeh BC beat Mahram by a buzzer beater three point that Sabah scored.
""I was really comfortable this year, getting along with the team's coach and really enjoying the game", said Sabah."

</doc>
<doc id="18324665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324665" title="Abronia pogonantha">
Abronia pogonantha

Abronia pogonantha is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common name Mojave sand verbena. It is native to California and Nevada, where it grows in the Mojave Desert, adjacent hills and mountains, and parts of the San Joaquin Valley in the Central Valley. 
This is an annual herb producing prostrate or upright glandular stems to about half a meter long. The petioled leaves are mainly oval-shaped and up to 5 centimeters long by 3 wide. The plant blooms in an inflorescence of many white or pink flowers, each with a tube throat up to 2 centimeters long. The fruit is a winged, heart-shaped body about half a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="18324701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324701" title="Erber Burgos">
Erber Burgos

Erber Alfredo Burgos Ángel (born 8 April 1969 in Antiguo Cuscatlán, El Salvador) is a retired Salvadoran football player.
Club career.
Burgos had a lengthy spell with local giants FAS, before moving to Águila and later to San Salvador F.C., Topiltzín and Dragón. He retired at Second Division Alba-Acajutla in 2009.
International career.
Burgos made his debut for El Salvador in a December 1995 UNCAF Nations Cup match against Costa Rica and has earned a total of 22 caps, scoring no goals. He has represented his country in 4 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 2001 and 2005 UNCAF Cups.
His final international was a July 2000 friendly match against Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18324702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324702" title="Robert Gwyn Macfarlane">
Robert Gwyn Macfarlane

Robert Gwyn Macfarlane, CBE. FRS. hematologist, (born 26 June 1907 died 26 March 1987).
Born in Worthing, Sussex, Gwyn Macfarlane left Cheltenham College in 1924 and a year later entered the Medical School of St Bartholomew's Hospital, London. In 1936 he married Hilary Carson MD and over the next 11 years, 5 children (an elder girl followed by 4 boys) were born. Hilary, practised as a GP, whilst always offering Gwyn great academic support. She died in 2010 aged 100 years. During Macfarlane's clinical years he was exposed to the sufferings of hemophiliacs and this subject became the core for his lifelong study into the processes of blood clotting.
He examined the Venom of many different snakes and isolated the poison of the Russell's Viper to have the strongest blood coagulant powers. He found that when a compound that included venom at dilutions of 1 in 100,000 was applied to a wound, bleeding diminished. This medicine was later marketed as "Stypven" by Burroughs Welcome Ltd.. "Stypven Time" is now a standard measure for coagulation efficiency. This research was the basis for his London M.D. thesis for which he was awarded the University Gold Medal, in 1938.
In 1940 Macfarlane took the position of Clinical Pathologist at the Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford. With a year as a Major in the Royal Army Medical Corps in 1944, where he was exposed to the complications of Gas gangrene on the war front, he continued to work in Oxford for the rest of his professional life. He led a team that included Rosemary Biggs and Ethel Bidwell, to investigate congenital coagulation defects, the treatment of bleeding disorders and to develop a managed environment for hemophilics to enjoy an almost normal life. Perhaps his greatest contribution to modern medicine was his deciphering of the Enzyme cascade process of blood coagulation.
In 1956 he was elected to the fellowship of The Royal Society, in 1963 he was elected a Fellow of All Souls College and in 1965 was appointed Professor of Clinical Pathology at Oxford University.
Gwyn Macfarlane was a close associate of Howard Florey during the development of a process to extract Penicillin from culture grown in the Dunn School of Medicine. Baron Florey went on to be President of the Royal Society and Macfarlane developed an enormous respect for the capabilities of a man, held by many to be one of the greatest scientist of the twentieth century. Macfarlane considered that the role Florey had played in the development of Penicillin had been overshadowed, so when he retired to Scotland in 1967 he commenced his first authoritative biography "Howard Florey, The Making of a Great Scientist" which was published in 1979. Later Macfarlane's second book "Alexander Fleming, The Man and the Myth" examined the life of the other great contributor to the age of anti-bacterial engineering. In later life Macfarlane felt that his close personal exposure to the these developments left him as a conduit to modern science education, and his contributions both written and in BBC TV programs etc. will always be valuable.
Selected works.
1934 (with B. Barnett) The haemostatic possibilities of snake venom. "Lancet, ii,985"
1938 "The normal haemostatic mechanism and its failure in the heamorrhagic states". Thesis for Doctor of Medicine, University of London.
1953 (with R. Biggs) "Human Blood Coagulation and its Disorders". Blackwell Scientific Publications, Oxford.
1961 (with A.H.T.Robb-Smith) (ed) "Functions of the Blood". Academic Press, New York.
1964 An enzyme cascade in the blood clotting mechanism, and its function as a biochemical amplifier. "Nature, Lond". 202,221
1979 "Howard Florey, The Making of a Great Scientist", Oxford University Press
1984 "Alexander Fleming, The Man and the Myth", Chatto and Windus,
References.
"Robert Gwyn Macfarlane, Biographical Memoirs of Fellows of the Royal Society", G.V.R.Born and D.J.Weatheral, Volume 35, 1990.
"The Life and Achievements of Professor Robert Gwyn Macfarlane FRCS: Pioneer in the Care of Haemophlliacs", Alistair Robb-Smith. Royal Society of Medicine Services Ltd. 1993.
"A Review of the Scientific and Literary accomplishments of Professor R.G.Macfarlane CBE FRS". British Journal of Haematology 133(6);581-590 June 2006 Hougie, Cecil.

</doc>
<doc id="18324706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324706" title="Such Is Life (novel)">
Such Is Life (novel)

Such Is Life: Being Certain Extracts From The Diary of Tom Collins is a novel written by the Australian author Joseph Furphy (aka Tom Collins) in 1897, and published on 1 August 1903. It is a fictional account of the life of rural dwellers, including bullock drivers, squatters and itinerant travellers, in southern New South Wales and Victoria, during the 1880s.
The book gives the impression of being a series of loosely interwoven stories of the various people encountered by the narrator as he travels about the countryside. The people he meets round campfires pass on news and gossip and tell stories, so that sometimes the reader can infer information by putting these second hand stories together with the action of the narrative. At times the prose may be difficult for some modern readers to understand because of the use of Australian vernacular and the attempt to convey the accents of Scottish and Chinese personalities.
The title of "Such Is Life" is said to be derived from Ned Kelly's last words—said as he was about to be hanged. The book is full of mordant irony from start to finish, not least from the contrast between the narration and the action—the narrator at times employing extremely high blown language (and displaying Furphy's almost freakish degree of book-learning) in humorous contrast to the extremely low characters and mundane events he is describing. Furphy employs both pathos and bathos and the narration teases the reader with its tangents, like a shaggy dog story. (The pseudonym 'Tom Collins' is slang for a tall story.) There are hidden substories, and the narrator sometimes gets hold of the wrong end of the stick in untangling them, but the reader can nut them out. Subjects which occur in the book but are not spoken of directly include: foul language; nakedness and undergarments; passing as the opposite sex; homosexuality among bullock drivers; effeminacy; mutilation; and murder. At the same time the great joy of the novel is its realism: Furphy is able to capture the flavour of interaction between the bush characters he meets, their way of talking, the physical landscape, the feel of a nomad's life. The 19th century US novelist he is most similar in approach to is Mark Twain. With its use of a digressive, unreliable narrator, Furphy's method in "Such Is Life" can be compared with that of his Brazilian contemporary Machado de Assis.

</doc>
<doc id="18324730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324730" title="Shangfeng, Henan">
Shangfeng, Henan

Shangfeng () is a village in Biyang County, Henan province, east of the town of Yangce (羊册镇), which it geographically is part of. It has over 1000 residents, and is surrounded on three sides by mountains. Locals primarily rely on agriculture, mainly growing wheat, soybean, sesame, and peanuts. Cattle and goats are also raised in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18324736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324736" title="Gao–Guenie meteorite">
Gao–Guenie meteorite

Gao–Guenie is a H5 ordinary chondrite meteorite fell on in 1960 in Burkina Faso, Africa. The fall was composed by a large number of fragments and it is one of the largest observed meteorite showers in Africa to date.
Name.
The meteorites formerly known as Gao and Guenie in 1999 were officially paired and they name fused into the collective name "Gao–Guenie".
History.
Gao–Guenie meteorites fell in Burkina Faso on March 5, 1960 at 17:00 (local time). After three separate detonations, several thousands of stones rained down over an area of about . The sound of the fall was heard as far as Ouagadougou, which is away. Eyewitnesses said that some trees were broken and henhouses destroyed. The largest stones recovered weigh up to .
Composition and classification.
Gao–Guenie is classified as H5 ordinary chondrite.

</doc>
<doc id="18324745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324745" title="Printfection">
Printfection

Printfection.com is a Denver, Colorado-based company that provides fulfillment service for on-demand printing of clothing and accessories.
Printfection users can open a free online store into which they upload graphics and designs for on demand printing onto t-shirts and other goods. Products are created by the users and categorized and displayed in a fully user customizable storefront. Users make commission by adding a mark up to a standard base price. On successfully selling products, commission payments to users of the service are made on a monthly basis, or alternately, commission can be used to purchase products from Printfection.
Founded in 2004 by Casey Schorr and Kevin Materi, while still at the University of Denver, Printfection currently has over 2.7 million products for sale through over 80,000 custom online store fronts. Schorr has been highlighted as one of Denver's most successful young entrepreneurs.
Free online stores.
Uncommon within the print on demand market, Printfection offer users free, fully customizable store fronts that allow users to create a unique branded environment to sell their designs on products. This has also appealed to a number of companies who have been able to create a Printfection store which matched the look and feel of their main website.
The free online stores have at times created challenges for new users who were unfamiliar with HTML and CSS. This has seen a number of other resource sites created to support users in the task of store creation.
Community involvement.
Printfection has also been used as a platform for charitable product sales such as breast cancer awareness pink ribbon campaigns. A notable example of this was Häagen-Dazs using Printfection to raise awareness for declining bee numbers from their "Save the Bees" store.
In many cases, designs and products are inspired by topical events such as the 2007 arrest of Andrew Meyer which coined the famous phrase, "Don't Taze me bro". Printfection is used by people around the world for a variety of reasons, even in India.

</doc>
