<doc id="18532300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532300" title="National Community Boats Association">
National Community Boats Association

The National Community Boats Association (NCBA) is a waterway society, registered charity No. 1108993 and limited company No. 5331820, in the United Kingdom. 
NCBA supports community boat projects and encourages more people to access the inland waterways of the UK. Its headquarters are at the Yorkshire Waterways Museum in Goole. The NCBA held a National Conference towards the end of 2008.
Member organisations.
The association has over 100 member community boat projects, all over the UK.
Organisations which are members of the National Community Boats Association operate boats which are specially designed and equipped to cater for people with disabilities, with learning difficulties and learning disabilities, disadvantaged groups, people with special needs, people of all ages.
These organisations carry an estimated 250,000 passengers per year from the above mentioned groups.
Training for community boat operators.
NCBA also delivers training for the management of community boats. 
The Certificate in Community Boat Management is a nationally accredited course for helmsmen and crew members working with the young, the elderly, the disadvantaged or handicapped on Class A or B Waters.
Other courses: Basic Boat Handling; Complete Crew Course; Regional Training Moderator; Senior Trainer; CCBM Training Endorsement; and Additional Course Units.
Work with offenders and young persons.
NCBA is operating two special projects:
The UK Government's Department for Education and Skills awarded the National Community Boats Association an NVYO grant of £ 123,990 for youth work.

</doc>
<doc id="18532310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532310" title="Gekhanist">
Gekhanist

Gekhanist may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18532315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532315" title="Junior Guilders">
Junior Guilders

The Junior Guilders are a singing group associated with the Lucille Ball Little Theatre of Jamestown, New York. Founded in 1983 by Helen Merrill and Lucille Miller, the Guilders get together each week to practice their singing, dancing, and acting. Their ages range from 7-16 and they use a wide variety of styles, including folk, jazz, blues, and rock and roll.
History.
Following Director Fredericka Woodard's casting of child orphans in the Little Theatre of Jamestown's production of "Annie" in 1982, numerous girls, heartbroken at not being casted but very talented in turn, gave Woodard the idea to establish a children's group of young performers. Woodard gave the idea to theater board member, actress, and friend, Helen Merrill. After almost being denied by the Board of Directors of LTJ, Merrill established the group in 1983 with longtime theater accompanist, Lucille Miller, accompanying the group on piano. Since that time, the group has grown from a dozen children to almost 40 performers. Helen Merrill remains its director. She also established and directs Children Sing, a minor organization of the Junior Guilders. Most Junior Guilders were formerly Children Sing members.
Performances.
The Junior Guilders have performed in many locations, with common appearances at Elderhostels at nearby Chautauqua Institution. The Junior Guilders have also performed with an ABBA tribute act at Chautauqua, three times, singing "Thank You for the Music" and "I Have a Dream," with the latter being accompanied by Sign Language. The Junior Guilders have also been invited to Walt Disney World's Magic Music days celebration numerous times, most recently in April 2010 at Downtown Disney. The Guilders own the record for the longest continuous act in the history of the Chautauqua County Fair in Dunkirk, New York. Other performances outside of Jamestown have included Opryland, USA, performing as back up chorus for the late Sheri Lewis in Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, performing at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and receiving a standing ovation at the Mel Tillis Theater. They have also been featured at the White House honoring Congressman Amo Houghton. Most recently, the Junior Guilders performed at Hersheypark in August 2012. In July 2011, the group had the opportunity to perform with Jamestown native and recording artist Natalie Merchant. The Guilders have performed in numerous shows at the Lucille Ball Little Theatre most commonly at Christmas time, except for the 2013 season when the production was presented in May.
In May, 1991, to celebrate the achievements of deceased theater alumni, Lucille Ball, the Guilders presented a tribute show to Ball which paired with the honorary renaming of the former Little Theatre of Jamestown to the current Lucille Ball Little Theatre or Jamestown. Daughter Lucie Arnaz was present, sitting front row for the group's presentation of "Light the Candles." This show was revised and re-presented in 2011, as apart of Lucille Ball's 100th Birthday Celebration.

</doc>
<doc id="18532317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532317" title="Tim Steele">
Tim Steele

Tim Steele may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18532320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532320" title="Rome Kanda">
Rome Kanda

Born in Kishiwada, Osaka, Japan, Kanda spent his early career as an actor with his debut movie Tokyo Pop directed by Fran Rubel Kuzui and filmed both in Japan and the USA in 1987. After finding his own path to be an actor and comedian, he moved to the USA in 1999 and has made his first appearances on "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide" as a samurai, and nowadays Kanda is most known for his hosting role on the "Majide" game on "I Survived a Japanese Game Show" and works under the alias of Kei Kato on the G4 broadcasts of "Kinniku Banzuke".
He has also appeared on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien, Saturday Night Live" and in a commercial for the New York Mets as a sushi chef. Kanda has also starred in films such as Takeshi Kitano's film "Sonatine". His most recent film appearance has been a supportive role (President of Japanese corporation) in "The Informant!"(2009), a Matt Damon vehicle directed by Steven Soderbergh.
He has recently appeared as a spokesman and personality for Sun Drop soda. He appears on several TV commercials playing a soda sommelier named "The Taste Master."
Kanda is familiar with variety of Japanese traditional performing arts and martial arts such as Buyō, Karate, Kendo, Iaido, among which is samurai sword fighting, which he teaches. while he continues to perform at a comedy club in Hollywood as a comedian.
Kanda was chosen to be one of the speakers at "TEDxTOKYO 2010 HIT RESET" (TEDxTokyo is operated under license from TED event started in 2009 by Patrick Newell and Todd Porter) to be held in Tokyo on May 15, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18532323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532323" title="HMS Loyalty">
HMS Loyalty

Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Loyalty":

</doc>
<doc id="18532327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532327" title="Nerkin Gezaldara">
Nerkin Gezaldara

Nerkin Gezaldara or Nizhnyaya Gezaldara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18532332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532332" title="José Mera">
José Mera

José Mera (born March 11, 1979 in Puerto Tejada, Cauca) is a Colombian football defender. He currently plays for Yaracuyanos Fútbol Club in the Categoría Primera A.

</doc>
<doc id="18532340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532340" title="Jacob Josefson">
Jacob Josefson

Jacob Peter Josefson (born March 2, 1991) is a Swedish professional ice hockey centre, currently with the New Jersey Devils in the National Hockey League (NHL). After Josefson began playing hockey at the age of five, he was acquired by Djurgården's youth organization at the age of ten, where he also began playing junior hockey in 2005. Josefson made his Elitserien debut on February 28, 2008, against Timrå IK, and became a regular member of Djurgården's senior team. His achievements in the Swedish Elitserien drew attention from NHL and he was selected in the first round of the 2009 NHL Entry Draft by the New Jersey Devils, 20th overall. Josefson played with Djurgården for an additional season, before signing on for the Devils in May 2010.
Josefson has represented Sweden at four International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) sanctioned junior events, winning the silver medal at the 2009 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships and the bronze medal at the 2010 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships. He also participated in the 2008 IIHF World U18 Championships, but only played three of Sweden's six games, and the 2009 IIHF World U18 Championships.
Early life.
Josefson was born on March 2, 1991, in Stockholm, Sweden, to Annika and Peter Josefson. He is the youngest of three brothers. At the age of two, Josefson began skating and joined IK Göta at the age of five. His older brothers had played for the same club. He played with Hammarby IF for a year before he was acquired by Djurgårdens IF at the age of ten, playing for the 1991 team. He also played football until the age of 13, before deciding to focus entirely on hockey. Josefson attended high school at Vittra Gymnasium in Sweden while playing for Djurgården.
Playing career.
Djurgårdens IF.
Josefson started to play junior hockey in 2005 for Djurgården's under-18 team. During the 2006–07 season, he helped Djurgården's under-16 team to win the Swedish championship. The 2007–08 season began with the national junior hockey tournament TV-pucken. Josefson's team Stockholm/Vit reached the final which ended with a 2–1 defeat to Småland. He made his Elitserien debut on February 28, 2008, against Timrå IK. This proved to be the only appearance Josefson would make in the Elitserien during the 2007–08 season. Josefson played for the J20-team during most of the season scoring 14 goals and 31 points. His team reached the playoffs, but were defeated by Brynäs IF in the semi-finals. After the loss, he joined the under-18 team during the playoffs where he helped the team defeat Färjestads BK to capture the Swedish championship.
He signed a two-year contract with Djurgården in May 2008. The club's initial plan for Josefson was to move him up to the senior team when regular players were out of the lineup with illness or injuries, while his usual team would be the J20-team. He scored his first goal in Elitserien on September 23 in his third game, a 4–1 win against Brynäs IF. Ultimately, Josefson played almost every game of the regular season, and usually played along with Carl Gustafsson and Henrik Eriksson on the 4th line. At the end of the season, Josefson had scored 5 goals and 16 points, a record for players 18 or younger playing with the senior team. Josefson was ranked third in the midterm rankings among European skaters by the NHL Central Scouting Bureau for the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. He was selected in the first round of the 2009 NHL draft by the New Jersey Devils, 20th overall. Josefson was also drafted in the third round, 61st overall, in the 2009 KHL Junior Draft by SKA Saint Petersburg. He participated at the Devils rookie camp in July 2009. He has been compared with centres Nicklas Bäckström and John Madden.
At the beginning of the 2009–10 season, Djurgården participated in the Nordic Trophy pre-season tournament. In the second game, Josefson scored a hat trick and added two assists against the Malmö Redhawks. At the end of the group stage, Josefson was the scoring leader with five goals and seven points. He scored his first points for the regular season, three assists, in the Elitserien premiere away against HV71. Djurgården lost the game 7–6, but on October 20, Josefson would get his revenge when he scored the game-winning goal in the 3–2 victory over HV71 20. This was also was his first goal of the regular season. Josefson missed six Elitserien games due to the World Junior Hockey Championship, but was back in the roster against Timrå IK on January 9. He recorded an assist against Rögle BK on January 30, which was his 17th point of the season, putting him ahead of last season's total. At the end of the regular season, Josefson had scored 8 goals and 20 points in 43 games. The 2009–10 playoffs were Josefson's first Elitserien playoffs, and he played almost every game missing the first two semifinal games against Linköpings HC due to illness. Djurgården lost the finals 4–2 to HV71. Josefson re-signed with Djurgården for another year on April 27. Despite this and an oral guarantee the club received from Josefson's agent Peter Wallén that Josefson would stay, Josefson signed with the New Jersey Devils on May 14, 2010.
New Jersey Devils.
Josefson participated in the pre-season camp with the Devils in September, but was assigned to their American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Albany Devils after the camp. Josefson was called up to the Devils on October 14, 2010, and made his NHL debut the next day, in a 3–2 victory against Colorado Avalanche at the Prudential Center. Josefson was slashed on his left hand and later fell on the same hand during the game against San Jose Sharks on October 27, this caused a ligament in his thumb to tear, and forced him to undergo surgery. At last, Josefson returned from his injury on January 7, 2011, when the Albany Devils played against the Charlotte Checkers. Josefson scored his first NHL goal against Al Montoya of the New York Islanders on March 12, 2011. The Devils failed to reach the playoffs and Josefson ended up with three goals and ten points in 28 regular season games.
In the fifth game of the 2011–12 season, Josefson broke his right clavicle after crashing shoulder first into the boards. He underwent surgery the following day on October 22, 2011, and was expected to be sidelined for three or four months.
On April 3, 2012 in a game against the Islanders, Josefson bumped awkwardly into Jay Pandolfo resulting in a broken left wrist. He returned to the lineup on May 21, 2012 in the fourth game of the Eastern Conference Finals against Rangers and played a total of six games in the 2012 Stanley Cup playoffs, scoring one point.
International play.
Josefson played in his first IIHF sanctioned tournament when he was part of Sweden's team at the 2008 IIHF World U18 Championships. He managed to score a hat-trick in the first game against Belarus. He left the team in the morning before the fourth game due to an accident in which his father and uncle had been exposed to carbon monoxide poisoning. He made his second appearance at the U18 Championship the following year, at the 2009 IIHF World U18 Championships, where he also took the role as alternate captain. He managed to score three goals and seven points in six games. Josefson was a part of Sweden's national junior team at the 2009 World Junior Championships. He played in all of Sweden's six games but did not score any points. A few months later he yet again played for Sweden in the U18 Championship but could not help his team go further than fifth place in the tournament.
Josefson participated in the World Junior Championship for the second time when he was named for Team Sweden by head coach Pär Mårts for the 2010 World Junior Championships, along with fellow Djurgården team-mates Daniel Brodin and Marcus Krüger. He scored his first goal of the tournament and the first goal of the game against Austria in the preliminary rounds. He scored two additional goals in Sweden's 7–1 victory over Finland in the last game of the preliminary rounds. Josefson, who also had three assists in the tournament, had six points in total.

</doc>
<doc id="18532344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532344" title="Axel Christian Zetlitz Kielland">
Axel Christian Zetlitz Kielland

Axel Christian Zetlitz Kielland (14 October 1853 - 3 February 1924) was a Norwegian civil servant and Ministry of Foreign Affairs mandarin.
Family.
He was born in Stavanger to Jacob Kielland and Thora Margrethe (1827–1902), née Bendz. His grandfather was Jacob Kielland, his uncle Jens Zetlitz Kielland and his cousins Kitty Lange and Alexander Kielland. Axel Christian Zetlitz Kielland had two older brothers, one of whom died young, and three younger siblings. His brother Jonas Schancke Kielland became a politician, and another brother Christian Bendz Kielland became a high-ranking civil servant.
Axel Christian Zetlitz Kielland did not marry.
Career.
He enrolled in law studies in 1871, and graduated as cand.jur. in 1876. He began his career first in the Ministry of Justice and the Police in 1878 and then in the Ministry of the Interior from 1881. In 1899 he was promoted to assistant secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and in 1906 he became acting deputy under-secretary of State. He was then appointed secretary in the Supreme Court in 1909. He was also a Camerlengo, from 1903.
Through his service he had been bestowed the following titles:
He retired in 1920, and died in 1924 in Kristiania.

</doc>
<doc id="18532350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532350" title="American Heritage School">
American Heritage School

American Heritage School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18532376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532376" title="Reconstructor">
Reconstructor

Reconstructor is a program that allows anyone to customize an ISO image of Ubuntu or its variants (Kubuntu, Xubuntu).

</doc>
<doc id="18532395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532395" title="Project KickStart">
Project KickStart

Project KickStart is desktop project management software by Experience in Software, Inc. in Berkeley, California. The program uses a wizard-like interface for project planning.
History.
The original Project KickStart for DOS was released in 1992. The product outsold Experience in Software's other titles by far, and in 1995, Project KickStart for Windows was released. Versions 2, 3, 4 and 5 (all for Windows) followed. The company currently sells Project KickStart Standard 5 and Project KickStart Pro 5 (2008).
Software.
Project KickStart's wizard prompts users to identify phases, goals, obstacles and personnel assignments for projects and uses a calendar to produce a Gantt chart that features the project’s phases and the goals, tasks and assignments for each.
KickStart’s project files can be exported into Microsoft's Project, Outlook, Word, Excel or PowerPoint, as well as ACT!, Milestones Professional, MindManager and WBS Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18532396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532396" title="Western Oblast (1917–18)">
Western Oblast (1917–18)

Western Oblast was an early oblast of Russian SFSR. 
Initially it was based on Vilno, Vitebsk, Mogilev, and Minsk Gubernias of the Russian Empire, capital Minsk. In April 1918, Smolensk Governorate was included and capital moved to Smolensk. In September 1918 it was renamed into Western Commune
The Western Oblast was formalized as part of the RSFSR for by the Administrative Commission of VTsIK on December 23, 1918. But very soon, on January 1, 1919, was superseded by Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia.

</doc>
<doc id="18532409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532409" title="John Gardiner Calkins Brainard">
John Gardiner Calkins Brainard

John Gardiner Calkins Brainard (1795–1828) was an American lawyer, editor and poet.
Biography.
John Brainard was born in New London, Connecticut, in October 1796, son of Jeremiah G. Brainard, formerly a judge of the Connecticut Superior Court. He was a descendant of Lion Gardiner, an early English settler and soldier in the New World, who founded the first English settlement in what became the state of New York. His legacy includes Gardiners Island, which remains in the family and is the largest privately owned island in the United States.
Brainard was tutored at home by an elder brother, and entered Yale College at the age of 15 in 1811. Biographies agree that he was not an attentive student, and it is uncertain whether he graduated. Nevertheless, on leaving college he was taken on as a student at law in his brother William F. Brainard's office.
By 1819 he had been called to the bar and moved to Middletown, apparently to set up his own practice. In fact, he seems to have been apathetic about a legal career, feeling that his nature was too sensitive for such a profession. Some of his earliest poems are from this period of his life, published in a New Haven literary paper, "The Microscope" published by one Cornelius Tuthill.
In February 1822, he was engaged as editor of the "Connecticut Mirror" in a bid to further a literary career. Again, biographies agree that this was not the ideal job for him, and that "his temperament was totally unsuited to rough collissions of editorial controversy". In this role he published a number of his own works within the newspaper, which were well received and led to a literary reputation for Brainard.
He appears to have been well known and well thought of in his community. He is known to have been a friend of McDonald Clarke, the so-called "Mad poet of Broadway".
In 1824-5 he published a first volume, "Occasional Pieces of Poetry by John G. C. Brainard", being reprints of works first published in the "Mirror", together with a miscellany of unpublished poems. 
By the spring of 1827, he was in failing health, suffering from tuberculosis. He returned to New London, giving up his "Mirror" role, but continuing to have poems published in it.
He died on September 26, 1828. A number of poets, including John Greenleaf Whittier, wrote poems in his memory. A posthumous "The literary remains of J.G.C. Brainard: with a sketch of his life" was published in 1832, and revised and republished as "The poems of John G. C. Brainard. A new and authentic collection". A number of his poems are reprinted in collections of poems.

</doc>
<doc id="18532415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532415" title="Hackney Community College Basketball Academy">
Hackney Community College Basketball Academy

The Hackney Community College's Basketball Academy is a basketball programme, located in the London Borough of Hackney in the UK originally designed to engage young people vulnerable to exclusion from education to gain qualifications through engagement with a sport in which they demonstrated talent and potential.
History.
The programme was launched in September 2001 following the opening of the College's SPACe Sports Centre in Shoreditch in February that year. Construction of SPACe was funded by Sport England as a Centre of Excellence in basketball and cricket. Following the success of the Football Academy set up by Malcolm Williams in 1996, the College's Sport, Leisure and Tourism team designed the basketball programme. A Cricket Academy Programme was launched along similar lines by the same HCC team in 2002.
An athletics academy was established in 2007. The basketball academy has grown and experienced unprecedented success on court and in developing players aged between 16 and 20 (men and women) from all over London, as well as enhancing their life chances through qualifications gained whilst studying at Hackney College.
Operating in an area recognised historically as a hot-bed of basketball development and talent thanks to the work carried out by Joe White at Homerton House School and Hackney White Heat along with the success of East London Royals Basketball Club and Haringey Angels Women, HCCA coaches Tony Garbelotto (co-founder with Joe White of the London Towers Junior Programme in the 1990s), Solomon Ayinla, Andrea Norton and Sam Stiller have helped develop over 250 players since 2001. Players such as Darius Defoe, Perry Lawson, Jeff Danchie and Jean Wakanena have graduated to play professionally for Newcastle Eagles and Plymouth Raiders in the British Basketball League. Eddie Morrison (MK Lions) and Darrell Bethune (Everton Tigers) also went on to play in the BBL in the 2008/09 season. Samuel Toluwase entered the BBL with Essex Pirates (2009/10 season). In 2011/12, Courtney Van Beest joined Worcester Wolves and Albert Margai Guildford Heat. Many others have represented England and Great Britain at junior level and have moved on to US high school/college programmes and British universities.
Programme overview.
Academy players train for 2 hours every week-day and play matches on Wednesday afternoons and Friday evenings in a variety of competitions. From an initial fixture list of 25 matches in 2001/02, all Academy teams now play a combined total close to 100 matches per season. In 2008/09, Academy teams played 77 competitive matches in 13 different competitions, winning 6 titles and finishing runners-up in 2. Academy Teams had an 66/11 winning record in 08/09. The programme is fully inclusive. Students who want to learn/improve their basketball skills train alongside the "elite" players. These players form the HCCA B Team and have won the South East Student Sports Association (SESSA) Cups and Premier League for 4 of the last 7 years. In July 2009, HCCA became the only inner-London academy (and one of only 12 nationally, expanding to 20 in 2010) accredited by England Basketball to deliver the AASE programme to talented players from September 2009 onwards.
Achievements.
On-court success has been constant over the last ten seasons and unrivalled by any other College Academy Programme in the UK (of which there are now many). HCCA U19 Men went unbeaten in any National competition from 2002 to 2008 and won the British Colleges Sport (BCS) National Championship from 2004 to 2008 (5 years in succession), finishing 3rd in 2009, regaining the title in 2010 and winning both BCS and English Schools (ESBBA) National Academies Cups for the last six years. HCCA Under 19 Women have also won all their equivalent BCS and ESBBA Cups and Championships over the last six years. The HCCA Women also won the World Corporate Games title in Leeds (August 2008). The Senior Men (all under 20) have won the London Metropolitan Basketball League Premier Division Championship for seven out of the last nine years regaining the title in 08/09, retaining it in 2009/10 and defending the title in 2010/11 and 2011/12. HCCA won the LMBL Men's Cup for the first time in 07/08 and became the first team in the history of the LMBL to complete the Premier Division/Cup double in 2011/12. Four HCCA players were selected to represent Great Britain U 20 Men in the European Youth Championships in Romania (August 2008). Not only was this more than from any other single Academy programme, these players were also the only ones to be selected from a British development programme. These players were Darrell Bethune, Ali Fullah, Michael Ochareobia and Orlan Jackman (HCCA 2005/06)
The aggregate total of matches played by HCCA teams between September 2001 and June 2009 is 567 of which 504 were won, a win percentage of 88.9%. A combined total of 92 competitions and tournaments have been entered by HCCA teams over the last 8 full seasons. 66 of these have been won and HCCA have been runner's up in a further 13, an overall success rate of 72%.
HCCA Coach Tony Garbelotto is now Head Coach of Everton Tigers (now Mersey Tigers) and former Lead Assistant Head Coach of the Great Britain national basketball team(men) and led Tigers to the BBL Cup victory beating Plymouth Raiders, BBL Championship and BBL Play-Off runner's up in his first season (2008/09)and winning the BBL Play-Off title in May 2010. He left HCCA to take up the Everton Tigers (now Mersey Tigers) post in April 2008. HCCA Coach Solomon Ayinla is a former pro player (Europe and the UK), Assistant Coach with the Nigerian National team and Head Coach of the London Metropolitan University Basketball Programme (runners-up in the BUCS Championship in 2006 and 2007). Ayinla guided London Met Men from England Basketball Div 4 to Div 1 (2009/10) in consecutive seasons. London Mets won the England Basketball Senior Men's National Trophy in March 2010. This was achieved with teams made up predominately of present players and graduates of the HCCA programme. Well publicised financial difficulties experienced by London Met University in 2010 saw the National League programme disbanded later the same year. Chris Morris was Programme Administrator for HCCA since it was established in 2001 until December 2010. 
The name "SPACe", home of the HCC Basketball Academy, derives from Sport and Performing Arts Centre. See Hackney Space Centre. Joe White died in December 2002 (aged 39). Malcolm Williams died in May 2006 (aged 68). In October 2006 SPACe sports hall was named in honour of Malcolm Williams, recognition of the work he carried out at Hackney Community College. A plaque commemorating the dedication was unveiled by Lord Sebastian Coe who had been a close friend of Malcolm for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="18532440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532440" title="Valtetsi (village)">
Valtetsi (village)

Valtetsi () is a village in the municipal unit of Valtetsi, Arcadia, Greece. It is located in the Central Peloponessus in what is called the "ορεινής Αρκαδίας" (Greek: Mountainous Arcadia) at a distance of 12 km west of Tripoli and an altitude of 1,050 m. It is a small plain terrain surrounded by four hills: "Chomatovouni", "Mylos", "Katsikeika" and "Dovrouleika".
Historical Synopsis.
It was built around 1600 AD by Ethnic Greeks from Himara in Northern Epirus who escaping from the Turkish attacks, settled at first in the North Western parts of the Peloponessus to continue their final destination to the Arcadian hilltops. 
It was later improved by a migration of Tsakonians on their way to Attica due to their shepherd's life and also some Souliotes chased by the Ottomans resettled in the village. 
Valtetsi used to be an isolated place, connected to other villages with three narrow paths only, each one guiding to the major mounts in the region: one to the Taygetus, other to the Menalus and the third to the Parnon. This is possibly the reason why it was one of the most famous dens chosen by klephtes and brigands. 
It soon became characterized by a strong common ethic code which was strictly guarded by the Valtetsiotes, who were renowned as warlike highlanders with an austere way of life and love for Greek tradition and Christian faith.
Every day life was extremely hard since cattle keeping (mostly sheep and also some goats) was the local profession for ordinary villagers. The typical family lived in a constant move. When it was not the Ottoman occupant's menace it was the strong winter which obliged shepherds to take their herds to milder weathers and pastures in the Argolid returning to Valtetsi in April. When September arrived, they started the herd's move again, this time to the summer camps in Tegea and Dimitsana. The existence of nearby marshes, worsened the living conditions up to a level that a strong dengue epidemy struck the village even at the beginning of the Twentieth century.
The pastoral way of living was kept for nearly 400 years until the early 50's. The negative impacts of the Second World War and the Greek Civil War, which impoverished the region to an extent of very difficult subsistence, and the advent of modernization with the boom of urban life made younger generations to flee for new experiences at first towards nearby cities in the Argolid, second to Athens, Greece's capital city (notably in some of the neighbourhoods of Piraeus like Kastela or Palaio Faliro) and in the end overseas abroad to America being the United States, Canada and Argentina the three main places chosen as destinations.
The disaster that both wars caused in the region, slowly overcame as the rest of Greece with the help of the Marshall Plan and the doctrine of rebuilding Europe. With the accession of the country to the European Union, progress arrived to the villages, mainly in terms of communication. New roads and tunnels were built with European funds and telephone netting plus TV provision finished with centuries of isolation. 
Today's Valtetsi is a touristic attraction, showing the typical highland mountain village with a number of nearly 300 semi-stable people living. When the month of the Anniversary of the Greek War of Independence arrives, a new revolution, takes place with historical re-enactments and special celebrations which are attended by national and regional political celebrities.
Valtetsi during the Greek War of Independence.
In 1821, when the Greek War of Independence broke out, Valtetsi became the key headquarters of the revolutionary army. The short distance within the village and Tripolis -which being the capital of the Ottoman vilayet of Morea became the main objective of the rebels- and the topographic characteristics of the place made Theodoros Kolokotronis to choose it as his stronghold prior to the final assault. 
The Maniots, under the leadership of Kyriakoulis Mavromichalis and with the help of the local villagers, succeeded in fortifying the four hilltops by building small housetowers and installing defensive batteries. During the Battle of Valtetsi, the combined action of the Maniot warriors and the local brigands helped the Greek side to win the battle and to take effective control nearly half of the Peloponessus. 
Prior to the Siege of Tripolitsa, Petros Mavromichalis, the commander-in-chief and bey of Mani arrived to the village with a strong army and camped at Valtetsi, establishing the Maniot seat of campaign and headquarters for the first time since the medieval period outside the limits of Laconia. During the siege itself, the Valtetsiotes fought under the command of Petrobey and took part in the capture of the city.
In the following years, with the liberation of Greece, Valtetsi remained very close to Kolokotronis' affections. All the villages in the mountainous Arcadia and Valtetsi in particular were extremely loyal to the military party and their leaders such as the proper Kolokotronis, Nikitaras or the Mavromichaleoi against the civil party of Alexandros Mavrokordatos and the Aromanian blooded Kolettis, what made them to staunchly oppose the Bavarian regency as well as the Capodistrian government which they saw as undermining the local regional interests in behalf of centralization of power following Adamantios Korais' principles of a national, western, unitarian and homogenous state.
Valtetsi during World War II and the Greek Civil War.
The Second World War and the subsequent Axis occupation brought a desperate situation to Valtetsi due to the village economic dependence from the trading markets in the City of Tripolis. Since most of the sheep and goats were confiscated by the Nazi occupants, the lack of food and the inflation made everyday life very difficult for the villagers because they could not manufacture the goods and products derived from these animals like milk, butter, cheese and furs. This way they were unable to buy other essential goods such as bread, farine or oil and medicine. 
Resistance was also heavy in the zone, where many British and New Zelader soldiers were hidden or sheltered by villagers. A nationalist branch of the resistance movement, led by a former Troezenian officer in the Hellenic Army named "Apostolos Kouvelakis" was very supported by the local population. After each operation German razzias were common due to the evil work of collaborationist informants and they generally finished with brutal reprisals such as shootings and house burnings. 
By 1944, the majority of the 1500 people of the village had relocated in nearby places such as Ermioni and Troezen. Those who stayed had to face another major problem that was already growing inside the whole Greece: The Civil War. Besides the non-marxist resistance fronts, communist partisans were also active, notably the EAM-ELAS. With the Nazi occupation over, after the liberation a vacuum of power was created in most rural areas. Communist chieftains started to campaign village by village so as to obtain adherents of their so-called liberation army and fight the British-backed governmental troops.
The communist partisans "liberated" Valtetsi in May 1944 under the command of kapetan "Fotis Gatsopoulos". Immediately he gave orders to confiscate the church and the main houses to make their own headquarters. For the EAM members, Valtetsi was considered a royalist stronghold because only a few people accepted to be named as "Village Guardians". Immediately they started to chase down those persons who were known for having relatives abroad, mainly the ones in the United States that were labelled as reactionaries or "monarcho-fascists". When an order of massive execution was given the whole population rebelled against the partisans and expelled them from the village.
In the morning of July 15, 1944, a strong battle between the communist andartes and the Valtetsiotes took place. The villagers, peasants and shepherds fought against the communist forces but outnumbered and badly equipped were defeated. The communists recaptured the village and burned nearly a half of the houses. They gathered most of the population taken prisoners in the church's yard and started shooting with no distinction of men, women and children. Most of the population was decimated. By the time the Hellenic Army freed the village a couple of months later, Valtetsi was about to become a ghost place.

</doc>
<doc id="18532441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532441" title="Cleethorpes Academy">
Cleethorpes Academy

Cleethorpes Academy is a secondary school with academy status, based in Cleethorpes, North East Lincolnshire, England. The school opened in September 2010, on the site previously occupied by the Lindsey School and Community Arts College. Cleethorpes Academy is owned and operated by Tollbar Edge, an educational trust formed in 2009 as a partnership between the Tollbar Business and Enterprise College and Edge Hill University. The decision to close the Lindsey School and open Cleethorpes Academy, came after the former was placed in special measures by Ofsted, the Government appointed schools inspectorate.
History.
Grammar school.
The school originated as Cleethorpes Girls' Grammar School, becoming a comprehensive co-educational school in 1973. Cleethorpes' corresponding former boys' grammar school became known as Matthew Humberstone School, which went comprehensive at the same time, but closed in 2010, and was replaced by St Andrew's College, Cleethorpes.
Comprehensive.
It became a comprehensive in 1973, and had a sixth form, when under the jurisdiction of the Lindsey Education Committee, based in Lincoln (from which it received its name). It merged with North Cleethorpes Secondary School, a secondary modern school, on Elliston Street. A year later it joined the LEA of Humberside, based in Beverley. In the 1980s, when still in Humberside, the school was well-regarded, with a good academic reputation.
Closure of sixth form.
The sixth form was closed in July 2008 which it shared with the Matthew Humberstone C of E School, Cleethorpes' two former grammar schools. It was known as the Cleethorpes Sixth Form. By 2008 it was receiving low A level results.
Closure of the Lindsey School.
In October 2009, headteacher Diane Johnson refused to return to the school, when it was reported unofficially that the school was to be placed in special measures following its Ofsted inspection. Johnson resigned officially a month later, after the OFSTED report was published, confirming the schools special measures status. She was replaced on an interim basis by Jim Cunningham who was drafted in as a result of his experience with other failing schools in the area. In March 2010 however, the schools minister accepted a proposal from Tollbar Edge to replace the Lindsey School with an academy, and it eventually closed at the end of the academic year in July 2010.
Cleethorpes Academy.
Cleethorpes Academy opened at the start of the new academic year in September 2010. Since it has turned into Cleethorpes Academy, it has continued to improve with exam results improving year on year, 2012 results saw Cleethorpes Academy moving above the national average for 5+ GCSE's at grade C+ including English and Maths. Ofsted in 2012 have also reported that the Academy is making good progress to improve.
Blocks.
Block 1.
Special education in the United Kingdom (SEN)
Block 2.
English studies
Humanities
Information and communications technology
French
Block 3.
Technology
Textiles
Art and Design
Mathematics
Block 4.
Science
Block 5.
Music
Key Skills
Sports Block.
Physical Education
Rebuild.
In 2012 it was issued that Cleethorpes Academy will go through numerous building work to help create a better school. It started in the Summer of 2012 and is set to finish for the new academic year 2013/14 (September 2013) It will be carried out by Clugstons Group
The New Technology/Mathematics Block.
The Technology block is one of the oldest parts of the Academy; this block known as T-Block (previously as Lindsey) and Block 3 (Cleethorpes Academy), which includes Technology, Textiles, Art and Design. It will be knocked down because of it being old and it has a lot of asbestos, which is very dangerous to students. It will move to the new block. Mathematics will move into the top floor.
The News Sports Block.
The old Block will be replaced by a better more modern sports Block
Refurbishment.
There will be refurbishment in Science Block (S Block or Block 4)and the English studies, French, Information and communications technology, History, Geography, Citizenship, Religious education Block (C Block or Block 2).

</doc>
<doc id="18532458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532458" title="Leonard Bacon (poet)">
Leonard Bacon (poet)

Leonard Bacon was an American poet, translator, and literary critic. He graduated from Yale University in 1909, and subsequently taught at University of California, Berkeley until his retirement in 1923. In 1923, he started publishing poetry in the "Saturday Review of Literature" under the pseudonym 'Autholycus'. He and his family lived in Florence, Italy from 1927 to 1932. He won the 1940 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry for his satiric poems "Sunderland Capture". He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="18532468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532468" title="Morten Tyldum">
Morten Tyldum

Morten Tyldum (born 1967) is a Norwegian film director. 
Background.
Tyldum is educated at the School of Visual Arts in New York. He originally wanted to be a musician but abandoned the ambition when he entered film school. Tyldum currently lives in Beverly Hills with his wife Janne and their child. They still maintain a house in Norway.
Career.
He had his feature film debut with "Buddy" in 2003, a film that won great popular and critical acclaim. Previously he had worked in television, music videos, commercials and short films. He had been named "Film Talent of the Year" by the newspaper "Dagbladet" in 1999. 
Since "Buddy", he has made the movie "Varg Veum - Flan engler" ("Fallen Angels") in 2008 and "Headhunters" ("Hodejegerne") in 2011. "Headhunters" is based on the 2008 novel by same name written by Jo Nesbø. It became the highest-grossing Norwegian film of all time.
He will make his English-language debut with the historical drama "The Imitation Game" about the life of mathematician Alan Turing starring Benedict Cumberbatch.

</doc>
<doc id="18532479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532479" title="Timeline of Cherokee history">
Timeline of Cherokee history

This timeline presents events in the history of the Cherokee Nation, from its earliest appearance in historical records to modern court cases in the United States. Some basic content about the removal of other southeastern tribes to lands west of the Mississippi River is included. In a series of treaties, these tribes ceded land to the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18532480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532480" title="Anna Kotchneva">
Anna Kotchneva

Anna Liukin née Kotchneva () (born January 25, 1970 in Moscow) is a former Soviet rhythmic gymnast. She is the 1987 World Champion in clubs, (tied with Bianka Panova), the 1987 World bronze medalist in the hoop, and the 1987 World co-bronze medalist in the rope with Marina Lobatch.
Kotchneva is married to former artistic gymnast and Olympic gold medallist, Valeri Liukin. Their daughter, Nastia Liukin, is a retired United States artistic gymnast who won 5 medals at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, including the all-around gold.

</doc>
<doc id="18532493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532493" title="1946 San Francisco 49ers season">
1946 San Francisco 49ers season

The 1946 AAFC season San Francisco 49ers season was not only their inaugural season, but also the first season of the league's existence. Despite losing their first game as a team and having a stretch of five consecutive road games, the 49ers went 9–5, earning the second-best record in the West division (third-best overall). The 49ers also outscored every other team except for the eventual season champions, the Cleveland Browns.

</doc>
<doc id="18532502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532502" title="RTÉ Libraries and Archives">
RTÉ Libraries and Archives

The RTÉ Archives and Libraries are a collection of photographs, sounds recordings, video footage and written records (of articles such as scripts) in various formats across a wide range of topics pertaining to Irish life and society.
The collection is derived from the material used by Raidió Teilifís Éireann in their activities as national broadcaster for Ireland.
As RTÉ is part funded from a licence fee from Irish householders with televisions, it is a significant responsibility to maintain and update these collections and to make them available generally.

</doc>
<doc id="18532513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532513" title="2007 Cellular South Cup – Doubles">
2007 Cellular South Cup – Doubles

Lisa Raymond and Samantha Stosur were the defending champions, but withdrew due to a viral illness for Stosur, before their quarterfinal against Jarmila Gajdošová and Akiko Morigami.
Nicole Pratt and Bryanne Stewart won in the final 7–5, 4–6, 10–5, against Jarmila Gajdošová and Akiko Morigami.

</doc>
<doc id="18532516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532516" title="1941 in chess">
1941 in chess

Events in chess in 1941
Chess events in brief.
The Munich 1941 chess tournament was won by Gösta Stoltz, who scored a spectacular victory (1½ points ahead of Alekhine and Erik Lundin), and won 1,000 Reichsmarks. His trophy (donated by the "Ministerpräsident" Ludwig Siebert) of Meissen porcelain is worth close to $1,000.
Team matches.
(Asztalos 01 Rohaček; Rabar 1½ Potuček; Tekavčić 11 Ujtelky; Šubarić 11 Pazman; Jerman 0½ Miština; M.Filipčić 00 Lauda; Petek 11 Štulir; B.Filipčić ½½ Stanek) 

</doc>
<doc id="18532532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532532" title="Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's high jump">
Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's high jump

The men's high jump event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics. The competition was held from Sunday, August 6, 1924 and Monday, August 7, 1924. 
Twenty-six high jumpers from 16 nations competed.
Records.
These are the standing world and Olympic records (in metres) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
At first Harold Osborn set a new Olympic record with 1.95 metres. This height was equalized by Leroy Brown but finally Harold Osborn again improved the Olympic record with 1.98 metres.
Results.
Qualification.
The qualification was held on Sunday, August 6, 1924. Jumpers had to pass 1.83 metres to qualify for the final. Nine high jumpers were able to clear this height and qualified for the final. Five competitors were not able to clear any height.
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Final.
The final was held on Monday, August 7, 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="18532546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532546" title="Volkert Doeksen">
Volkert Doeksen

Volkert Doeksen (born January 23, 1963) is a private equity investor and founder of AlpInvest Partners (originally NIB Capital), one of the largest private equity investments managers globally with over €40 billion of assets under management. Today, he serves as managing partner and Chief Executive Officer of AlpInvest Partners.
Additionally, Volkert is member of the Board of NXP Semiconductors in the Netherlands. He also serves on the Advisory Board of private equity firm Warburg Pincus.
Prior to founding AlpInvest, Doeksen was a director of Dresdner Kleinwort Benson (today Dresdner Kleinwort), managing over $3 billion of private equity investments. From 1992 to 1994, Doeksen served as head of the bank's Benelux region, based in the firm's London office. In 1994, he moved to New York to head up DKB's private equity investments, including U.S. leveraged buyouts, mezzanine debt and fund of funds.
Prior to Kleinwort Benson, Doeksen worked as an investment banker focusing on mergers and acquisitions for Dillon Read from 1989 through 1992. He began his career as a financial analyst in corporate finance for Morgan Stanley International in London in 1987.
Doeksen received his M.A. in Law from Universiteit Leiden (The University of Leiden).
Other.
Doeksen serves as the Chairman of the Millennium Promise Netherlands Foundation and serves on the board of directors.
Doeksen is a Dutch national and hails from the Doeksen family which controls various shipping and transportation concerns in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="18532553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532553" title="Acanthognathus">
Acanthognathus

Acanthognathus is a genus of ants that are found in tropical Central and South America. They are reddish in colour and have long trap-jaws that can be compared to those of "Odontomachus". These predatory ants live in small colonies that typically consist of less than 30 adults.
Mistakenly, the name "Acanthognathus" was re-used by German ichthyologist G. Duncker in 1912 for a genus of syngnathid fish, but that is invalid as it is a junior homonym. These are now placed in either "Dunckerocampus" or "Doryrhamphus", as the former sometimes is considered a subgenus of the latter. To further confuse, a genus of Nemesiid spiders, "Acanthogonatus", is frequently misspelled "Acanthognathus".

</doc>
<doc id="18532570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532570" title="Maxwell Ruthven Thornton">
Maxwell Ruthven Thornton

Maxwell Ruthven Thornton (11 July 1878 – 30 August 1950) was an English Liberal politician and lawyer.
Early life.
Thornton was the son of George Ruthven Thornton MA, the Vicar of St Barnabas’ church in Kensington. He was educated at St Paul's School (London). He went into the law, becoming a solicitor in 1901. In 1903 he was appointed Advocate and Solicitor to the Straits Settlements in South East Asia and from April until October 1908, he served as an Acting Member of the Legislative Council of the Straits Settlements. In 1909 he married Katherine Yates and they had one daughter.
Member of Parliament for Tavistock.
Thornton was elected as Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for Tavistock at the 1922 general election enjoying a majority of 1,051 over his Conservative opponent. As soon as he was in Parliament, Thornton was drawn into the efforts to reunite the National, or Lloyd George Liberals with the Independent Liberals led by H H Asquith. He called a meeting of both sides of the party, held in the House of Commons on 27 November 1922 which according to the report in the Times newspaper was attended by about 70 MPs but the official record of which indicates that there were nearly one hundred MPs present. There was lots of goodwill and fraternal sounding speeches but beyond fine words the meeting did not bring about any definite conclusion. On the contrary, although Lloyd George appeared willing to continue negotiation, even letting it be known he would be willing to serve under Asquith, Asquith was hostile. In some respects Thornton’s initiative on Liberal reunion proved to be counter-productive. One outcome of Thornton’s meeting was Asquith’s sacking of his Chief Whip James Myles Hogge in February 1923 because he supported reunion and his replacement by Vivian Phillipps, Liberal MP for Edinburgh West who was strongly opposed. 
At the 1923 general election Thornton held his seat, having what was at that time described a ‘strong hold on this agricultural constituency’ – although his majority increased only slightly over its 1922 total to one of 1,811 votes. In 1924 he was appointed as one of the Liberal Whips.
The 1924 general election.
The 1924 general election was a disaster for the Liberal Party, with net losses of 118 seats. Thornton, who had previously been well supported in his largely agricultural seat, was defeated by the Conservative candidate Major Kenyon-Slaney (who had also been his opponent in 1922 and 1923) and who was returned with a majority of 1,272. In the general election campaign the Tories played strongly on rural grievances. Despite Thornton's arguing that only a Liberal government could provide security for the farmer and good wages for the agricultural labourer, and his reputation for being on the Right of his party the Tories led by Stanley Baldwin came to be regarded as the champion of the countryside against the urban areas and London based politicians. In addition the appearance of many more Labour candidates in 1924, together with a plea from Labour for its supporters not to vote at all in those seats it was not contesting meant that Liberals were fighting many more three-cornered contests and not picking up enough votes from agricultural labourers in straight fights. Asquith lost his seat in the 1924 election, Lloyd George became party leader and a ferment of new ideas and policy initiatives flowed forward in the next few years. One such policy called for a form of land nationalisation as set out in the publication "Land and the Nation" (or Green Book). This was a step too far for some former MPs from rural areas and Thornton resigned from the party in protest in 1925 and at what he described as “coquetting with Socialism”.
Death.
Thornton died at Hove in Sussex aged 73 in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="18532571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532571" title="Bare (Wayne Hussey album)">
Bare (Wayne Hussey album)

Bare is a solo album by Wayne Hussey, released in 2008. It contains a mixture of songs by the Mission and cover versions from Bands including The Beach Boys and U2, plus one new song, "One Thing Leads to Another".
Track listing.
Credits:

</doc>
<doc id="18532574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532574" title="HMS Loyalty (J217)">
HMS Loyalty (J217)

HMS "Loyalty" was an of the Royal Navy. She served during the Second World War.
Service.
"Loyalty" was laid down as HMS "Rattler" on 14 April 1941 at Harland and Wolff, Belfast, and launched on 9 December 1942. She was commissioned on 22 April 1943, and renamed HMS "Loyalty" in June 1943. She was adopted by the community of Ripley, North Yorkshire after a Warship Week national savings campaign in March 1942.
After commissioning she was assigned to the 18th Minesweeping Flotilla, joining them in June 1943. She and the other ships of the flotilla carried out sweeping operations in Lyme Bay and the English Channel. She and other ships of the flotilla were transferred to Harwich in August to sweep areas of the North Sea, but was soon transferred to the 9th Flotilla, at Dover. On 25 August "Loyalty" was part of Operation Starkey, an attempt to attract German aircraft to unusual minesweeping operations near the French coast. The ships of the flotilla came under fire from shore batteries, and HMS "Hydra" was damaged. They returned to Dover, but were mistakenly fired on by British shore batteries, causing further damage. "Loyalty" did not return to minesweeping duties until October.
In November "Loyalty" transferred to Scapa Flow to join the 15th Minesweeping Flotilla with the Home Fleet. She transferred again in December to the Orkney and Shetland Command, operating out of Seidisfjord on anti-submarine patrols and local convoy escort duties. She remained here until being nominated to return to the UK in March 1944 and in April underwent a refit at Portsmouth, after which she was assigned to Force G to give minesweeping support to the allied landings in Normandy. "Loyalty" spent May carrying out exercises and rehearsals, and also escorted HMS "Stormcloud" into Portsmouth after she had been damaged by a mine. "Loyalty" then took part in the assault operations of 6 June, clearing Channel 6, and then remaining deployed off Gold Beach to cover operations. She remained off Normandy after the landings and throughout July, carrying out sweeps of the anchorages.
Sinking.
"Loyalty" was still off Normandy in August. She was returning to Portsmouth with the minesweepers HMS "Ready", "Hound", "Hydra" and "Rattlesnake" when the sweep wires parted. "Loyalty" and the minesweeping trawler "Doon" were dispatched to recover the sweep. As they were doing this "Loyalty" was attacked and sunk by the German U-boat "U-480" commanded by Hans-Joachim Förster at position in the English Channel. She capsized in less than seven minutes, with the loss of her captain and 18 ratings. There were 30 survivors. "Loyalty" was replaced in the flotilla by HMS "Tanganyika". The wrecksite is designated as a "protected place" under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18532579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532579" title="Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 85 kg">
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 85 kg

The men's 85 kg weightlifting event was the fifth men's event at the weightlifting competition, limiting competitors to a maximum of 85 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 15, but was divided in two parts due to the number of competitors. Group B weightlifters competed at 10:00, and Group A, at 19:00. This event was the seventh Weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
The results for this event were unusual in that Andrei Rybakou of Belarus set a world record but failed to win the gold medal when Lu Yong of China tied his record but weighed in with slightly lower body weight. According to weightlifting tie-breaking rules, the lighter lifter wins a tie; however, according to record rules, only the earliest lifter's mark counts.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18532596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532596" title="Triage (disambiguation)">
Triage (disambiguation)

Triage may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18532614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532614" title="Getapnia">
Getapnia

Getapnia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18532645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532645" title="Sierra del Lacandón">
Sierra del Lacandón

The Sierra del Lacandón is a low karstic mountain range in Guatemala and Mexico. It is situated in the north-west of the department of El Petén and the south-east of Chiapas. Its highest points are located near the Mexican border at coordinates
The range consists of southeast to northwest trending ridges of folded cretaceous limestone and dolomite hills rising above the lowlands of the Petén Basin.
Sierra del Lacandón National Park.
The Sierra del Lacandón National Park is situated in the tropical rain forest in the north west of Guatemala. It is part of the Maya Biosphere Reserve and is unique for its biodiversity. It is also considered of great importance for the Mesoamerican Biological Corridor as it connects the protected areas of northern Guatemala with those of southern Mexico, like the Montes Azules Biosphere Reserve in Chiapas.
Several ancient Maya archaeological sites are located within the park boundaries. These include Piedras Negras, El Porvenir, Macabilero, La Pasadita, El Hormiguero, and El Ceibo.

</doc>
<doc id="18532650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532650" title="Bryson Apartment Hotel">
Bryson Apartment Hotel

The Bryson Apartment Hotel is a historic , ten-story apartment building on Wilshire Boulevard in the MacArthur Park section of Los Angeles, California. Built in 1913 in the Beaux Arts style, it was one of the most luxurious residential buildings in Los Angeles for many years. The building is also closely associated with the city's film noir history, having been featured in Raymond Chandler's works and the 1990 neo-noir "The Grifters". The building's stone lions and large rooftop "Bryson" sign have become Los Angeles landmarks. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and designated a Historic Cultural Monument (#653) by the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission in 1998.
Construction and architecture.
The Bryson was built in 1913 by real estate developer, Hugh W. Bryson, along a stretch of Wilshire Boulevard that was considered to be the "West Side" and which was then principally a residential area. Bryson acquired the property in 1911, purchasing and razing four houses that occupied the space. He had originally intended to construct a six-story building flush with the sidewalks along Wilshire Boulevard and Rampart Street. When neighbors complained about his plans, Bryson chose instead to build a taller structure, but one set back from the center Wilshire Boulevard and Rampart Street. In March 1912, Bryson announced his revised plans: "It is my intention to make this apartment house in a class by itself on this coast and finer than any other west of New York City. To that end, I shall spare no expense."
Bryson hired architects Frederick Noonan and Charles H. Kysor to design the building. The construction was undertaken by Bryson's own company, F.C. Engstrum & Co. and completed in only seven months between June and December 1912. The total cost, including land, construction, and furniture, was approximately $750,000. 
The building combines Beaux Arts and Classical styles. The structure was built around a central court wide and deep. At the time of its opening, it had 320 rooms divided into 96 apartments, with a configuration allowing apartments to be connected to form suites with as many as 12 rooms. All four sides of the building "presented a finished appearance", each being "handsomely ornamented with vari-colored tiles and concrete moulding." The interior was finished with cut-glass chandeliers, Italian marble stairs and wainscotting, tile floors, and richly upholstered mahogany furniture. The tenth floor was dedicated to common use, with a ballroom, library, billiard-room and three enclosed loggias. Bryson reportedly spent $60,000 just for rugs, fine art, rare plants and furnishings for the top floor. Being located at an elevation, and being the only high-rise in the area, the building's top foors offered panoramic views. A 1920s brochure for The Bryson touted the view:"It has three large loggias from which one can see the Pacific Ocean, Catalina Island away, on a clear day; green foothills, orange groves and snow-capped mountains."Because of its setback, The Bryson was also able to make room for tennis courts and a wide lawn and gardens. One writer in the buildings early days noted: "The landscaping of the place constitutes one of its principal charms."
Operation as an apartment hotel.
Early success.
When the new building opened in January 1913, it was met with glowing praise. The "Los Angeles Times" called it "magnificent" and opined that it "is probably the finest apartment-house west of New York City, comparing favorably with the splendid apartment-houses and apartment-hotels in the Riverside drive district of Manhattan." When Bryson had announced his plans, some thought Los Angeles was too small to support "an institution of this character," but the building proved to be a success. In fact, the building was fully occupied within two days of its opening. And in 1915, the building was sold for $1,250,000 -- $500,000 more than it had cost to build three years earlier. 
In its early years, The Bryson was reportedly a favorite location for the "beautiful people" of the day." It was the only high-rise and the dominant feature of Wilshire Boulevard for many years. It was not until 1921 that The Bryson was joined by the Ambassador Hotel, followed by The Gaylord in 1924, The Arcady in 1927 and Bullocks Wilshire in 1929.
Association with Raymond Chandler and film noir.
Novelist Raymond Chandler added to The Bryson's landmark status when he featured it in his 1943 work "The Lady in the Lake". Owing to its connection with Chandler, The Bryson has been described as one of the city's "high-rises that were meant to house wealthy transplants from back East but became the faded palaces of L.A. noir." In the novel, detective Philip Marlowe visited the Bryson Tower in pursuit of the title character. Chandler described the Bryson:"Twenty five minutes brought us to the Bryson Tower, a white stucco palace with fretted lanterns in the forecourt and tall date palms. The entrance was in an L, up marble steps, through a Moorish archway, and over a lobby that was too big and a carpet that was too blue. Blue Ali Baba oil jars were dotted around, big enough to keep tigers in. There was a desk and a night clerk with one of those moustaches that get stuck under your finger nail."The Hollywood Chamber of Commerce reports that thousands of Chandler fans travel to Los Angeles to see the locations of Chandler's works, including the Bryson and the Montecito Apartments. In a 2007 article about Raymond Chandler's Los Angeles, one writer described the view of The Bryson, with "its enduring rooftop sign," as "a symbol of a cityscape that is rapidly disappearing" -- the city "as it looked to Philip Marlowe, heading toward the Bryson Apartment Hotel for another rendezvous."
The Bryson has also been featured in other noir stories and books, including Double Indemnity. Fittingly, when Stephen Frears shot his 1990 neo-noir, "The Grifters", he chose The Bryson Apartments as one of the principal locations—the home of John Cusack's character, Roy Dillon, and the site of the bloody climax.
Post-war years.
In 1944, actor Fred MacMurray, who starred in the 1944 film noir classic "Double Indemnity" (co-written by Chandler), purchased The Bryson for $600,000. MacMurray owned the building for approximately 30 years. By the late 1940s, as other parts of the city expanded, The Bryson began to lose some of its prestige. In 1949, MacMurray secured a reduction in the property's assessment to $100,000, arguing that high costs made the building unprofitable.
By the 1970s, as glitzier locations on the westside and in other areas became more popular, the shine was gone from The Bryson. In 1977, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that the 10th floor, formerly the building's showplace, had been stripped and was used only for storage. 
In 1999, the building underwent a $5.5 million renovation. The project drew attention by dressing up the building landmark statues of the lions ("pictured above") in hard hats and orange construction vests. The contractor noted: "It's become quite a conversation piece for people along Wilshire Boulevard."
Historic designations.
The Bryson was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and designated a Historic Cultural Monument (HCM #653) by the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission in 1998. It is one of several Registered Historic Places encircling Lafayette Park, including the Granada Shoppes and Studios, The Town House, the Felipe De Neve Branch and Bullocks Wilshire one block to the west

</doc>
<doc id="18532667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532667" title="Haarlem Baseball Week">
Haarlem Baseball Week

The Haarlemse Honkbalweek (English: Haarlem Baseball Week) is an international invitation baseball tournament at the Pim Mulier Stadium in Haarlem, Netherlands. It was first held in and has been held every other year in even-numbered years since .
The 2012 Haarlem Baseball Week, the 26th edition of the event, was won by Cuba, their fifth title.

</doc>
<doc id="18532676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532676" title="Acanthonotus">
Acanthonotus

Acanthonotus is an extinct genus of bony fish. It contains three species, "A. inflatus", "A. niger", and "A. tricuspis".

</doc>
<doc id="18532692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532692" title="Captaincy General of Cuba">
Captaincy General of Cuba

The Captaincy General of Cuba () was an administrative district of the Spanish Empire created in 1607 as part of Habsburg Spain's attempt to better defend the Caribbean against foreign powers, which also involved creating captaincies general in Puerto Rico, Guatemala and Yucatán. The restructuring of the Captaincy General in 1764 was the first example of the Bourbon Reforms in America. The changes included adding the provinces of Florida and Louisiana and granting more autonomy for these provinces. This later change was carried out by the count of Floridablanca under Charles III to strengthen the Spanish position vis-a-vis the British in the Caribbean. A new governor-captain general based in Havana oversaw the administration of the new district. The local governors of the larger Captaincy General had previously been overseen in political and military matters by the president of the Audiencia of Santo Domingo. This "audiencia" retained oversight of judicial affairs until the establishment of new "audiencias" in Puerto Príncipe (1800) and Havana (1838). In 1825, as a result of the loss of the mainland possessions, the Spanish government granted the governors-captain generals of Cuba extraordinary powers in matters of administration, justice and the treasury and in the second half of the 19th century gave them the title of Governor General.
History.
Antecedents.
Since the 16th century the island of Cuba had been under the control of the governor-captain general of Santo Domingo, who was at the same time, president of the "audiencia" there. He oversaw the local governor and the Santo Domingo Audiencia heard appeals from the island.
The conquest of Cuba was organized in 1510 by the recently restored Viceroy of the Indies, Diego Colón, under the command of Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar, who became Cuba's first governor until his death in 1524. The new settlers did not wish to be under the personal authority of Colón, so Velázquez founded the city of Nuestra Señora de la Asunción de Baracoa in 1511 and convoked a general "cabildo" (a local government council), which was duly authorized to deal directly with Spain. This legal move removed Velázquez and the settlers from under the authority of Colón, their nominal superior. It was a precedent that would come back to haunt Velázquez during Hernán Cortés's conquest of Mexico. Other cities were later founded under Velázquez: Bayamo in 1513; Santísima Trinidad, Sancti Spíritus and San Cristóbal de La Habana in 1514; Puerto Príncipe and Santiago de Cuba in 1515. After the conquest of Mexico, Cuba experienced an exodus of settlers, and its population remained small for the next two centuries.
In 1565 the "Adelantado" Pedro Menéndez de Avilés, who was also Captain General of the Spanish treasure fleet which rendezvoused in Havana, established the first permanent Spanish settlement in Florida, San Agustín, initially bringing the province under the administrative control of Cuba, although due to distance and sea currents, Florida's government was granted the right to correspond directly with the Council of the Indies.
The Church played an important role in the Spanish settlement of the Americas. Furthermore, since governors, as representatives of the King, oversaw church administration due to the crown's right of patronage, the church and state were tightly intertwined in Spanish America. The first diocese was established in 1518 in Baracoa and was made suffragan to the Diocese of Seville. The seat of the Diocese was transferred to Santiago de Cuba in 1522. In 1520 Pope Leo X established the short lived Diocese of Santiago de la Florida (or "Santiago de la Tierra Florida"). In 1546 the Diocese of Santo Domingo was elevated to an Archdiocese and the Diocese of Santiago de Cuba was made suffragan to it.
Establishment.
In 1607 Philip III created the Captaincy General of Cuba as part of larger plans to defend the Caribbean against foreign threats. The first captain general was Pedro Valdés. Around the same time other captaincies general were established in Puerto Rico (1580) and Central America (1609). Cuba was divided into two governorships with capitals in Havana and Santiago de Cuba. The governor of Havana was Captain General of the island. In 1650 Cuba received a large influx of refugees when the British conquered Jamaica and expelled the Spanish residents there.
In 1756 the construction of ships for the Royal Navy began with the establishment of an Intendancy of the Navy was established in Havana, which functioned as a royal shipyard.
The British conquest of the island in 1762 during the Seven Years' War proved to be a turning point in the history of Cuba and Spanish America in general. The British captured Havana after a three-month siege and controlled the western part of the island for a year. Britain returned Cuba in exchange for Florida in the Treaty of Paris (1763). The events revealed not only the weaknesses of the region's defenses but also proved just how much the Cuban economy had been neglected by the Spanish. During the year they controlled Cuba, the British conducted an unprecedented amount of trade with the island. A year earlier France had secretly ceded Louisiana to Spain in compensation for its losses as its ally during the war.
As a sign of the seriousness with which the government took the problems, the very year the Spanish retook control of Havana construction began on what would become the largest Spanish fort in the New World, San Carlos de la Cabaña on the eastern side of the entrance to harbor of Havana.
The Bourbon Reforms.
Starting in 1764 the government apparatus of Cuba was completely reworked. A report on the island was created by Alejandro O'Reilly, which provided the basis for the changes. A new emphasis was placed on appointing military men to the governorship-captaincy general of Cuba, many of whom were later rewarded with the post of Viceroy of New Spain. To aid the captain general of Cuba, the governor of Santiago was made captain general of the province and given command of the military forces there. At the same time a new institution, which up until now had only been used in Spain, was introduced into Cuba: the intendancy. An "intendencia de hacienda y guerra" was set up in Havana to oversee government and military expenditures and to promote the local economy. The first Intendant, Miguel de Altarriba arrived on March 8, 1765. Other intendancies soon followed: Louisiana (1766), Puerto Príncipe (1786) and Santiago de Cuba (1786). In 1774 the first census of the island was carried out, revealing 171,670 inhabitants, and other measures were taken to improve the local economy. 
These reforms, especially the institution of the intendancy, initiated a dramatic social and economic transformation of the island during the last half of the 18th century and early 19th. Cuba went from being a defensive post in the Caribbean sustained by a subsidy from New Spain, the situado, to becoming a self-sustaining and flourishing, sugar-, coffee- and tobacco-exporting colony, which also meant that large number of slaves were imported into Cuba. The agricultural economy was aided by the gradual opening of Cuban ports to foreign ships, especially after the loss of the mainland due to the independence wars.
Territorial gains and losses.
During the American Revolutionary War Spain recaptured Florida from Britain, which was ratified in the 1783 Treaty of Paris, but it was later sold to the United States in 1819 in the Adams-Onís Treaty.
The transfer of the Spanish part of Santo Domingo to France in 1795 in the Treaty of Basel, made Cuba the main Spanish possession in the Caribbean. The Audiencia of Santo Domingo was formally moved to Santa María del Puerto Príncipe (today, Camagüey) five years later, after temporarily residing in Santiago de Cuba. (It resided in Havana for a few years starting in 1808 before returning to Camagüey.)
The Church also experienced growth. In 1787 a Diocese of San Cristóbal de La Habana was established, which included Florida and Louisiana in its territory. In 1793 the Diocese of Louisiana and the Two Floridas was established. Both were suffragan to the Archdiocese of Santo Domingo, but after the Treaty of Basel, it disappeared, so Santiago de Cuba was elevated to an Archdiocese with the above mentioned dioceses suffragan to it, as well as the Diocese of Puerto Rico.
The 19th century.
The Spanish Constitution of 1812 enacted by the Cádiz Cortes declared the territory of the Captaincy General an integral part of the Spanish Monarchy and transformed it into a province with its own elected "diputación provincial", a governing board with joint administrative and limited legislative powers. Municipalities were also granted locally-elected "cabildos". The provincial deputation and "cabildos" functioned while the Constitution was in force from 1812 to 1814 and 1820 to 1823. Ultimately the Constitution was abolished by Ferdinand VII.
The death of Ferdinand VII brought about new changes. Regent María Cristina reconvened the Cortes, in its traditional form with three estates. In 1836, Constitutional government was reestablished in Spain, except this time the government in Spain, despite its liberal tendencies, defined the overseas territories as colonies, which should be governed by special laws. The democratic institutions, such as the "Diputación Provincial" and the "cabildos", established by the 1812 Constitution were removed. The new Constitution of 1837 ratified Cuba's demoted status. Worse still, the "special laws", by which the overseas areas were to be governed, were not drafted until three decades later, when a special "Junta Informativa de Reformas de Ultramar" (Overseas Informative Reform Board), with representatives from Cuba and Puerto Rico, was convened in 1865. Even then its proposals were never made into laws.
In the 1830s, judicial affairs were restructured. An Audiencia of Havana was created in 1838, with the jurisdiction of the Puerto Príncipe Audiencia limited to the east and center of the island. (The latter was temporarily abolished from 1853 to 1868.)
By mid-century a definite pro-independence movement had coalesced, and Cuba experienced three civil wars in thirty years that culminated in a US intervention and the island's eventual independence: the Ten Years' War (1868–1878), the Little War (1879–1880) and the War of Independence, which became the Spanish-American War. During the last war the issue of autonomy came to a head. In 1895 the Overseas Minister, with approval from the Prime Minister, took the extra-constitutional step in 1897 of writing the "Constitución Autonómica", which granted the Caribbean islands autonomy, technically bringing the Captaincy General to an end. Given the urgency of the movement, the government approved this unusual measure. The new government of the island was to consist of "an Island Parliament, divided into two chambers and one Governor-General, representative of the Metropolis, who will carry out his duties in its name, the supreme Authority." The new government functioned only for a few months before the United States took control of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="18532707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532707" title="Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 94 kg">
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 94 kg

The men's 94 kg weightlifting event was the sixth men's event at the weightlifting competition, limiting competitors to a maximum of 94 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 17, but was divided in two parts due to the number of competitors. Group B weightlifters competed at 10:00, and Group A, at 19:00. This event was the thirteenth weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18532724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532724" title="Briséïs">
Briséïs

Briséïs, or Les amants de Corinthe () is an operatic 'drame lyrique' by Emmanuel Chabrier with libretto by Catulle Mendès and Ephraïm Mikaël after Goethe's "Die Braut von Korinth". 
Composition history.
It seems likely that Catulle Mendès (who had already provided the libretto for "Gwendoline" and words for Chabrier's songs "Chanson de Jeanne" and "Lied"), saw potential for an opera in Ephraïm Mikhaël and Bernard Lazare's ‘dramatic legend’ "La fiancée de Corinthe", and suggested the project to Chabrier. Chabrier worked on the opera from May 1888 until 1893 when his ill-health (paralysis in the late stages of syphilis) prevented any further progress. 
The first act (which lasts around 75 minutes) was in a finished enough state by the end of June 1890 for Chabrier to play it to Mendès – the orchestration was then completed by the end of September of that year.
In 1894 Chabrier asked Vincent d'Indy to complete the work, but it was too difficult to piece together the sketches. Due to illness, Chabrier only completed the first act (of the three projected), which was premiered at a Chabrier memorial concert in Paris on 13 January 1897, conducted by Charles Lamoureux.
Chabrier’s heirs asked other composers – including Debussy, Enescu and Ravel – to try to complete it.
The first staging of act 1 took place at the Neues Königliches Opernhaus in Berlin on 14 January 1899, conducted by Richard Strauss. "Briséïs" is highly erotic and seductively scored music, which Strauss may well have remembered when he came to compose "Salome".
The manuscript is at the Bibliothèque de l'Opéra, Paris. The publication of the score in 1897 included a limited edition with a portrait by Desmoulins, tributes by several friends and composers (Bruneau, Charpentier, Chausson, D'Indy, Lamoureux, Messager and Mottl), as well as poems in Chabrier's memory by de Régnier, Saint-Pol-Roux, van Lerberghe and Viélé-Griffin.
Goldmark's opera "Die Kriegsgefangene" (1899) was originally to be called "Briseis", although the subject matter is different. 
Synopsis.
Act 1.
"Scene 1"
Hylas, in love with Briséïs, wishes to find fortune in Syria but pauses at the house where she lives with her sick mother Thanastô. As Briséïs appears, Hylas invokes Eros.
"Scene 2"
Briséïs and Hylas swear by Kypris to love each other until their last days. Briséïs insists that love must survive death into the tomb. Hylas leaves.
"Scene 3"
Thanastô implores God to save her to save the souls of the pagans around her, while regretting that her daughter does not share her Christian beliefs. Briséïs while fearful of the temptations facing Hylas vows to save her mother wracked by sickness and pain.
"Scene 4"
While the servants and Briséïs invoke the pagan gods, the Catechist arrives and prays for Thanastô, telling Briséïs that if she follows him her mother will be saved. Thanastô had promised her daughter to remain a virgin ‘in eternity, a bride of God’. Briséïs submits and follows the Catechist.

</doc>
<doc id="18532726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532726" title="Sutton High School (Massachusetts)">
Sutton High School (Massachusetts)

Sutton High School is a public high school serving students in the ninth through twelfth grades, located in the rural town of Sutton, Massachusetts, USA.
History.
The original school building, completed in 1952, has been added to with the last addition being completed around 2000. It is currently undergoing a new building project, in which the entire middle and high school (with the exception of the Romasco Gymnasium) is being rebuilt. 
Extracurricular activities.
Sports.
The high school's mascots are the Sammies and Suzies, named after a local gun-toting legend. The school has won many division, district and state titles in men's and women's soccer and also has a successful basketball program. They compete in Division 3 of the MIAA and are members of the Dual Valley Conference. The school's teams include track, cross country, field hockey, volleyball, soccer, baseball, basketball, cheerleading, tennis, golf, indoor track, softball and football in collaboration with Douglas High School. 
<br> 
Awarded to the outstanding senior male or female athlete who has demonstrated proficiency, dedication, leadership, and sportsmanship in the Suzie, Sammie tradition in three sports, in the past year.
Other Activities.
Sutton offers a wide variety of non-athletic extracurriculars as well. The SHS Drama Club is well established. Over the years, student productions have consisted of "Pride and Prejudice", "Our Town", "Arsenic and Old Lace", "The Curious Savage" and "The Taming of the Shrew". In 2012, the Drama Club presented "You Can't Take It With You". In 2013, they are presenting Agatha Christie's "Witness for the Prosecution".
Other clubs include: Student Council, National Honors Society, Future Teachers, Photography Club, Ceramics Club, Community Service Learning, and Gay-Straight Alliance.
Sutton High also boasts a remarkable band under the direction of Mr. Mark Smith until 2012. New director Mr. Justin Falvo. In 2009 and 2011, the band competed in Williamsburg VA and took home superior ratings. The band has also held public performances on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington D.C and in the center of Merchant Square in Jamestown, VA.

</doc>
<doc id="18532729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532729" title="Page numbering">
Page numbering

Page numbering is the process of applying a sequence of numbers (or letters, or roman numerals) to the pages of a book or other document. The number itself, which may appear in various places on the page, can be referred to as a page number or as a folio. Like other numbering schemes such as chapter numbering, page numbers allow the citation of a particular page of the numbered document and facilitates to the reader to find specific parts of the document and to know the size of the complete text (by checking the number of the last page).
Numbering conventions.
Even numbers usually appear on verso pages, while odd numbers appear on recto pages. In the printing industry, in cases where odd numbers appear on verso pages and even numbers on recto pages, this is referred to as "non-traditional folios" (in the past, it had been referred to as "Chinese folios", however this term has fallen out of favor in recent years).
In books, some pages, known as blind folios', of the front matter and back matter are numbered, but the numbers are not always printed on the pages. Publishers are not consistent about how they number the pages of their books. Some publishers stick with the default numbering of the tool they are using, which is typically to number the first page of the front matter as one and all pages after that in a consecutive order. When publishers wish to distinguish between the front matter and the story, the initial title pages are not numbered, the front matter is numbered using small Roman numerals (i, ii, iii, etc.) and the first page of the story or main content begins with one. The title page of the story is not numbered, but if a story is broken into multiple parts (Part I, Part II, etc.), the title page for the section may be included in the numbering but not shown on the page. The first page of Chapter One would then be numbered as page three rather than page one as would be the normal case.
The fifteenth edition of the "Chicago Manual of Style" calls for the beginning of the text to begin with the Arabic number 1, while the front matter that precedes it is to be numbered consecutively with lower case roman numerals. If the front matter is extensive and a second half-title page is included, it is to be numbered as the first page and its verso as page 2. If a part title is included, it is to be included in the same numbering as the text. Page numbers do not appear on part titles. Most citation systems also call for the identification of the page number from which a quote or point is drawn. For example, such usage is specified in their citation formats of both the "Chicago Manual of Style", and the "Bluebook".
Electronic documents.
E-books and other electronic documents published in a non-reflowable format such as PDF are normally paginated and numbered in the same way as their printed counterparts.
While reading devices for reflowable documents such as EPUB e-books may display page numbers, these numbers change from device to device depending on factors such as the size of the display and the selected font size. This makes them unsuitable for citation purposes. To remedy this problem, Amazon Kindle e-books contain what are called "location numbers", that is, numbers in the margin of the electronic text that indicate where the corresponding page begins in the printed version of the book.

</doc>
<doc id="18532781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532781" title="Public economics">
Public economics

Public economics (or economics of the public sector) is the study of government policy through the lens of economic efficiency and equity. At its most basic level, public economics provides a framework for thinking about whether or not the government should participate in economics markets and to what extent its role should be. In order to do so, microeconomic theory is utilized to assess whether the private market is likely to provide efficient outcomes in the absence of governmental interference. Inherently, this study involves the analysis of government taxation and expenditures. This subject encompasses a host of topics including market failures, externalities, and the creation and implementation of government policy. Public economics builds on the theory of welfare economics and is ultimately used as a tool to improve social welfare.
Broad methods and topics include:
• "mandated employer provision of employee benefits" by Jonathan Gruber   • "public goods" by Agnar Sandmo</ref> and government failure.   • James M. Buchanan, 2008. "public debt," "The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics" 2nd Edition. Abstract.   • Mrinal Datta-Chaudhuri, 1990. "Market Failure and Government Failure," "Journal of Economic Perspectives", 4(3) , pp. 25-39..   • Kenneth J. Arrow, 1969. "The Organization of Economic Activity: Issues Pertinent to the Choice of Market versus Non-market Allocations," in "Analysis and Evaluation of Public Expenditures: The PPP System". Washington, D.C., Joint Economic Committee of Congress. PDF reprint as pp. 1-16 (press +).   • Joseph E. Stiglitz, 2009. "Regulation and Failure," in David Moss and John Cisternino (eds.), "New Perspectives on Regulation", ch. 1, pp. 11-23. Cambridge: The Tobin Project.</ref>
Emphasis is on analytical and scientific methods and normative-ethical analysis, as distinguished from ideology. Examples of topics covered are tax incidence, optimal taxation, and the theory of public goods.   • Serge-Christophe Kolm, 1987. "public economics," "The ", v. 3, pp. 1047-48.   • Anthony B. Atkinson and Joseph E. Stiglitz, 1980. "Lectures in Public Economics", McGraw-Hill, pp. vii-xi.   • Mancur Olson, 1971, 2nd ed."The Logic of Collective Action: Public Goods and the Theory of Groups", Harvard University Press, Description and chapter-previews links, pp. ix-x.</ref>
Subject range.
The Journal of Economic Literature (JEL) classification codes are one way categorizing the range of economics subjects. There, Public Economics, one of 19 primary classifications, has 8 categories. They are listed below with JEL-code links to corresponding available article-preview links of The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics Online (2008) and with similar footnote links for each respective "sub"category if available:
JEL: H62 – Deficit; SurplusJEL: H63 - Debt; Debt Management; Sovereign DebtJEL: H68 – Forecasts of Budgets, Deficits, and DebtJEL: H69 – Other</ref>
Public goods.
Public goods, or collective consumption goods, exhibit two properties; non-rivalry and non-excludability. Something is non-rivaled if one person's consumption of it does not deprive another person, (to a point) a firework display is non-rivaled - since one person watching a firework display does not prevent another person from doing so. Something is non-excludable if its use is cannot be limited to a certain group of people. Again, since one cannot prevent people from viewing a firework display it is non-excludable.
Cost-benefit analysis.
While the origins of cost-benefit analysis can be traced back to Jules Dupuit's classic article "On the Measurement of the Utility of Public Works" (1844), much of the subsequent scholarly development occurred in the United States and arose from the challenges of water-resource development. In 1950, the U.S. Federal Interagency River Basin Committee’s Subcommittee on Benefits and Costs published a report entitled, "Proposed Practices for Economic Analysis of River Basin Projects" (also known as the "Green Book"), which became noteworthy for bringing in the language of welfare economics. In 1958, Otto Eckstein published "Water-Resource Development: The Economics of Project Evaluation", and Roland McKean published his "Efficiency in Government Through Systems Analysis: With Emphasis on Water Resources Development". The latter book is also considered a classic in the field of operations research. In subsequent years, several other important works appeared: Jack Hirshleifer, James DeHaven, and Jerome W. Milliman published a volume entitled "Water Supply: Economics, Technology, and Policy" (1960); and a group of Harvard scholars including Robert Dorfman, Stephen Marglin, and others published "Design of Water-Resource Systems: New Techniques for Relating Economic Objectives, Engineering Analysis, and Governmental Planning" (1962).
Taxation.
Diamond-Mirrlees Efficiency Theorem.
In 1971, Peter A. Diamond and James A. Mirrlees published a seminal paper which showed that even when lump-sum taxation is not available, production efficiency is still desirable. This finding is known as the Diamond-Mirrlees efficiency theorem, and it is widely credited with having modernized Ramsey's analysis by considering the problem of income distribution with the problem of raising revenue. Joseph E. Stiglitz and Partha Dasgupta (1971) have criticized this theorem as not being robust on the grounds that production efficiency will not necessarily be desirable if certain tax instruments cannot be used.
Pigouvian taxes.
One of the achievements for which the great English economist A.C. Pigou is known, was his work on the divergences between marginal private costs and marginal social costs (externalities). In his book, "The Economics of Welfare" (1932), Pigou describes how these divergences come about:
...one person A, in the course of rendering some service, for which payment is made, to a second person B, incidentally also renders services or disservices to other persons (not producers of like services), of such a sort that payment cannot be extracted from the benefited parties or compensation enforced on behalf of the injured parties (Pigou p. 183).
In particular, Pigou is known for his advocacy of what are known as corrective taxes, or Pigouvian taxes:
It is plain that divergences between private and social net product of the kinds we have so far been considering cannot, like divergences due to tenancy laws, be mitigated by a modification of the contractual relation between any two contracting parties, because the divergence arises out of a service or disservice to persons other than the contracting parties. It is, however, possible for the State, if it so chooses, to remove the divergence in any field by "extraordinary encouragements" or "extraordinary restraints" upon investments in that field. The most obvious forms which these encouragements and restraints may assume are, of course, those of bounties and taxes (Pigou p. 192).
Pigou describes as positive externalities, examples such as resources invested in private parks that improve the surrounding air, and scientific research from which discoveries of high practical utility often grow. Alternatively, he describes negative externalities, such as the factory that destroys a great part of the amenities of neighboring sites.
In 1960, the economist Ronald H. Coase proposed an alternative scheme whereby negative externalities are dealt with through the appropriate assignment of property rights. This result is known as the Coase theorem.

</doc>
<doc id="18532796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532796" title="List of U.S. Signal Corps vehicles">
List of U.S. Signal Corps vehicles

This is a list of Vehicles used by the U.S. Army Signal Corps from World War I through World War II.
Designations.
Vehicles specifically designed or adapted for the Signal Corps were initially designated by a "K" number. The K-number was later phased out along with the Signal Corps Radio nomenclature system, and was replaced by a "V" number under the Joint Electronics Type Designation System (JETDS).

</doc>
<doc id="18532799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532799" title="Pentavryso, Kozani">
Pentavryso, Kozani

Pentavryso () is a village located 6 km northeast of Ptolemaida, in northern Kozani regional unit, within the Greek region of Macedonia. It is situated at an altitude of 600 meters. The postal code is 50200, while the telephone code is +30 24630. As of the 1991 census, the population was 203. 

</doc>
<doc id="18532801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532801" title="Wayne Fitzgerald">
Wayne Fitzgerald

Wayne Fitzgerald (born March 19, 1930) is an American main title designer. Over a career that spanned 55 years, he designed close to a thousand motion picture and television main and end title sequences for top directors such as Francis Ford Coppola, John Huston, Mike Nichols, Robert Redford, Roman Polanski, Arthur Penn, Michael Cimino, Warren Beatty, Herbert Ross, John Hughes, and Quentin Tarantino.
Film title work.
A native of Los Angeles, Fitzgerald graduated from Art Center College of Design in 1951, and went to work at Pacific Title & Art Studio. His first major motion picture title design was for MGM's "Raintree County". He worked on a great many titles during his 17-year tenure at Pacific Title, becoming head of the art and design department. During that time, Pacific Title did all the motion picture title work for Warner Bros., MGM, and 20th Century Fox, as well as some for Paramount Pictures and Columbia Pictures, plus independents. Neither Pacific Title nor its employees received title design credit. As a result, Fitzgerald did not receive credit for many of his early designs, such as "The Music Man", "My Fair Lady", "The Three Faces of Eve", "Pillow Talk", "Imitation of Life"; or for early television shows such as "Maverick", "The Beverly Hillbillies", "Mr. Ed", and "Alfred Hitchcock's Suspicion".
In addition to providing an entertaining background for the credits, Fitzgerald's titles often set the mood. For "The Music Man" he directed a group of 35 technicians who built sets and painted and animated the musical instruments and marching band. He then shot and edited the sequence. In the film "Max Dugan Returns", the title character does not appear for half an hour. Fitzgerald's titles with Bob Kurtz animation provided a background for the character.
For "Bonnie and Clyde", Fitzgerald used old snapshots and a quick-cut style driven by sound that melded seamlessly with film editor Dede Allen's groundbreaking editorial style. The photos established the mood and look of the 1930s, and referenced the fact that Bonnie & Clyde were known for taking snapshots of themselves, which they sent to the press. Until the music starts to fade in, the only sound is the click of a Brownie camera.
While working together on "Bonnie and Clyde", Warren Beatty convinced Fitzgerald to strike out on his own. He left his job as head of the art department at Pacific Title and formed Wayne Fitzgerald FilmDesign. "Chinatown", "Nine to Five", "Footloose", "Total Recall", to name a few, followed. In addition to opening titles, Fitzgerald shot second unit and edited montage sequences ("Rocky III" and "Tootsie").
Fitzgerald also continued to design titles for prime time television shows "Night Gallery", "Dallas", "Quincy, M.E.", "Matlock", and "Columbo". He won an Emmy Award in 1987 for "The Bronx Zoo". He also designed for the daytime soap operas "The Bold and the Beautiful" (CBS) 1987 (EMMY 1987), "One Life to Live" (ABC) 1984, and "The Guiding Light" (CBS) 1991 (EMMY 1992), and again in 2002 with his son Eric Fitzgerald, also a title designer.
In 1993 Fitzgerald briefly joined the digital graphic design firm, Pittard-Sullivan. It became Pittard-Sullivan-Fitzgerald. Fitzgerald's last work with the company was in 1995, after which he reformed his company, Wayne Fitzgerald FilmDesign, Inc.
In 1995, Fitzgerald designed the logo for the Motion Picture Editors Guild.
Until recently, Fitzgerald was a member of the Directors Guild of America. He was a two-term governor in the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences, representing title designers, and is still a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. He has lectured at UCLA and AFI, and participated in panel discussions in Los Angeles and New York. He also taught at Art Center College of Design.
Awards.
Fitzgerald won a Primetime Emmy with David Oliver Pfeil for outstanding main title design on "The Bronx Zoo" in 1987. He won Daytime Emmys for "The Bold and the Beautiful" in 1987, and "The Guiding Light" in 1992. He was nominated for Daytime Emmys in 1994 with Judy Korin for "Days of Our Lives", and with Eric Fitzgerald in 2003 for "The 50th Anniversary Season of The Guiding Light".

</doc>
<doc id="18532807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532807" title="Mulachara">
Mulachara

Mulachara is a Jain text composed by Acharya Vattakera of the Digambara tradition, who lived around 1st-2nd century CE. It incorporates the concepts derived from the Acharanga text, which is now regarded to be lost in the Digambara tradition.
Mulachara discusses the conduct of a Jain monk.
Commentaries.
There is a commentary on it by the 14th century Bhattaraka Sakalakirti.
Translations.
A translation is available in Hindi.

</doc>
<doc id="18532835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532835" title="SS Manistee">
SS Manistee

SS "Manistee" was a merchant ship of the Elders & Fyffes Line. She was requisitioned by the Royal Navy during the Second World War to serve as an Ocean Boarding Vessel.
Pre-war service.
Built in 1920 for the Elders & Fyffes company for its passenger and banana route from the Caribbean to the United Kingdom, she was requisitioned by the Navy in 1940. She had a Gross Register Tonnage of 5,360 tons and, after requisition, was armed with two six inch guns, one twelve pound gun and an anti-aircraft gun.
Wartime career.
"Manistee"’s first encounter with a U-boat was on 7 July 1940 when travelling unescorted southwest of Ireland. She was sighted by , under the command of Otto Kretschmer, who fired a G7e torpedo at her at 14.01 hours. Kretschmer then surfaced and began shelling the "Manistee" at 14.14 hours. The ship returned fire, forcing "U-99" to break off, with neither side having scored any hits.
"Manistee" formed part of convoy OB 288 sailing from Liverpool on 19 February 1941. The convoy was dispersed at 2100 hours on 23 February 1941 in the North Atlantic at a point North – West of Ireland and South of Iceland due to U-boat activity in the area. At 2242 (Berlin Time) on the same day, the , under the command of Günther Hessler, and the Italian submarine "Michele Bianchi" fired torpedoes upon the "Manistee". Between 0600 and 0800 on 24 February 1941 "U-107" fired upon the "Manistee" again, sinking her at point 58 55N 20 50W, south of Iceland. , and Free French destroyer "Leopard" were dispatched to search for survivors but none of the 141 hands on board were found.

</doc>
<doc id="18532842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532842" title="The Block (album)">
The Block (album)

The Block is the fifth studio album by New Kids on the Block. The album was released on September 2, 2008, along with a deluxe edition that included four bonus tracks. It sold 100,000 copies in its first week of release and debuted at number one on the U.S. Top Pop Albums chart and at number two on the "Billboard" 200. Several artists collaborated on the album, such as Ne-Yo, Lady Gaga, The Pussycat Dolls, Akon, Teddy Riley and New Edition.
The first official single from the album is "Summertime" and the song was released on May 13, 2008. The second official single titled "Single" featuring Ne-Yo was released on August 12, 2008. The third single "Dirty Dancing" was released on December 19. The single was the album's most successful single in Europe and Canada, peaking at number 31 and reaching the number-one position on the CHUM Chart in Toronto on February 21, 2009 after twelve weeks on the chart. The album's fourth single, "2 in the Morning", was officially released February 23, 2009 in the United States and the United Kingdom.
It is the group's first studio album in fourteen years since "Face the Music".
Release and reception.
"The Block" was released on September 2, 2008 and debuted at number one on the "Billboard" Pop Album Chart and at number two on the "Billboard" 200, selling 95,000 copies in its first week of release. As of April 2013, the album had sold 332,000 copies in the United States. On the Canadian Albums Chart, the album debuted at number one, becoming their first and only number-one album there. It sold 9,000 copies in its first week. "The Block" has been certified gold in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18532846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532846" title="Nicola Valley Memorial Arena">
Nicola Valley Memorial Arena

The Nicola Valley Memorial Arena is a 1,000-seat multi-purpose year-round arena in Merritt, British Columbia, Canada. It is home to the Merritt Centennials ice hockey team, the Merritt Minor Hockey Association, recreational hockey, old-timers hockey, commercial hockey, and First Nations hockey programs.
Off-season activities include seasonal hockey schools, First Nations Pow-wows, home shows, bingos, ball hockey, roller skating, volleyball, and circuses.
The Arena is located on Mamette Avenue in downtown Merritt.

</doc>
<doc id="18532853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532853" title="Sierra de Chinajá">
Sierra de Chinajá

The Sierra de Chinajá is a low karstic mountain range in Guatemala. It is situated in the north of the department of Alta Verapaz and covers an area of approximately 135 km².
Its highest peak has an altitude of 838 m ().
The mountain range is isolated from other ranges and forms the last major topographic landform between the highlands of the Sierra de Chamá and the lowland plains of Petén.

</doc>
<doc id="18532854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532854" title="Joe Poirier">
Joe Poirier

Joe Poirier (born 1937) was an award winning, all-star and Grey Cup champion football player in the CFL for twelve years with the Ottawa Rough Riders.
He starred as a defensive back for the Riders and was a part of three Grey Cup winning teams and was a 5 time Eastern all-star. He never missed a game in the 12 years he played.

</doc>
<doc id="18532867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532867" title="Mykola Pinchuk">
Mykola Pinchuk

Mykola Ivanovych Pinchuk (, ; born 25 July 1946 in Tikhoretsk) is a retired Ukrainian and Soviet football player.
International career.
Pinchuk played his only game for USSR on 29 June 1972 in a friendly against Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="18532871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532871" title="Bashkend">
Bashkend

Bashkend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18532876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532876" title="Başkənd">
Başkənd

Başkənd may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18532883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532883" title="Jürgen Schreiber (businessman)">
Jürgen Schreiber (businessman)

Jürgen Schreiber (born 1962) is a German-born businessman. He is currently CEO of Edcon Limited. Previously he was CEO and President of Shoppers Drug Mart Corp., also known as "Pharmaprix" in the Quebec province, from March 30, 2007 until his resignation on January 26, 2011. Schreiber joined Shoppers Drug Mart/Pharmaprix as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in June 2001. Schreiber was replaced by David M. Williams, the Chairman of the board of Shoppers Drug Mart Corporation, as Interim President & Chief Executive Officer after his resignation was announced.
Biography.
Prior to joining Shoppers Drug Mart, he had a five-year career as the Chief Executive Officer "Health and Beauty Europe" at A.S. Watson, a subsidiary of Hutchison Whampoa Ltd, owner of the world's largest network of health and beauty stores. In this capacity, he was responsible for more than 4,000 stores in 23 countries. These stores, operating under 10 brands, include Superdrug (U.K.), ICI Paris XL (Benelux), Kruidvat (Netherlands and Belgium), Trekpleister (Netherlands), Savers (U.K. and Netherlands), Drogas (Latvia and Lithuania), Rossmann (Germany, Poland, Czech Republic and Hungary) and Spektr (Russia). Prior to joining A.S. Watson Group, Schreiber had a 14-year career with Reckitt Benckiser, where he progressed through many senior management positions in the U.K., Germany, Spain, Netherlands, China and Singapore.
Schreiber attended the University of Mannheim in Germany, where he graduated with a Master of Arts in Business Administration.
His reported annual compensation in 2007 at Shoppers Drug Mart was 2.7 million dollars (CAD).

</doc>
<doc id="18532892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532892" title="Kingcome River">
Kingcome River

The Kingcome River is a river in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Its drainage basin is in size.
Course.
The Kingcome River flows generally south into Kingcome Inlet, which lies north of and on the inland side of the Broughton Archipelago.

</doc>
<doc id="18532894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532894" title="Feeling that Way">
Feeling that Way

"Feeling That Way", also known as "Feeling That Way (When Summer's Gone)", is a song by American rock band Journey, featured on their 1978 album titled Infinity.
Background.
The song was first an instrumental entitled "Velvet Curtain" that was shelved until Gregg Rolie decided to rerecord it with words and change the name to "Please Let Me Stay". It was originally going to be put on their third album "Next" but was pulled off at the very last minute. When Steve Perry joined the band, he rewrote the song yet again adding a fresh new chorus and sharing lead vocals with Gregg Rolie. The song was finally released on the 1978 album "Infinity". 
Feeling that Way was not released on the "Greatest Hits" or the first issue of "The Essential Journey", although the 3.0 limited edition copy of "The Essential Journey", "Don't Stop Believin': The Best of Journey", and "Greatest Hits 2" feature this song.
Construction.
The song starts out with Gregg Rolie singing the first verse and playing the piano. After the first verse, the rest of the band starts to perform and Steve Perry sings the chorus. Starting near the end of the song each band member together sings the line "Feeling that Way" continuously throughout the rest of the song.
On the album, the song segues immediately into "Anytime"; as a result, many American classic rock and AOR radio stations play the two tracks as a single song.
Music video.
Like other singles from the album, such as "Wheel in the Sky" and "Lights", a music video was produced for the song. This song is usually, if not always paired with the song "Anytime" either on classic rock radio or in concerts.

</doc>
<doc id="18532896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532896" title="George Arney (journalist)">
George Arney (journalist)

George Arney is a journalist for BBC and was until 2009 one of the hosts of "The World Today" and "Outlook" on the BBC World Service. He was educated at Clifton College and Cambridge.
He has been a producer for the BBC and was a BBC correspondent in Pakistan in the 1980s. He has also hosted BBC Radio 4's "Crossing Continents" in the past. He has authored a seminal book on Afghanistan.
He was BBC correspondent in Pakistan from 1986 to 1988, and BBC correspondent in Sri Lanka from 1994 to 1996.
He has written regularly for newspapers and journals including "The Guardian" and "The Economist".
In 2007 he was named International Radio Personality of the Year by the Association for International Broadcasting (AIB).
Personal life.
Arney was married to Razia Iqbal, a BBC journalist. His arrests following their break-up were reported in the media.

</doc>
<doc id="18532909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532909" title="Liberal legalism">
Liberal legalism

In politics and law, liberal legalism is a belief that politics should be constrained by legal constitutional boundaries. Liberal legalism has also been called legal constitutionalism, such as is found in United States and Germany, with political constitutionalism, which is more typical of Britain, by British constitutional scholar Adam Tomkins. He argues in his book "Our Republican Constitution" that the British system of governance, in which Parliament controls government ministers, provides a better check on executive power than a system like that of the United States, where courts and laws are used to check executive power.
Loughlin argues that the aim of legal-liberalism is to "confine politics to the straight-jacket of law." Tomkins argues that courts and constitutions are a poor check on executive or legislative authority since they must wait for court decisions to bubble up from lesser courts before they can act; since this process can take years, even decades, to happen, the court is usually slow to act. Tomkins prefers a parliamentary system like Britain's as being "more suitable and more effective" at restraining governments, and sees flaws in the American system of having courts check executive power.
Opponents of liberal legalism often cite examples of executives ignoring or overcoming legal restrictions for political gain, such as presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama disregarding the War Powers Act. 

</doc>
<doc id="18532948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532948" title="Keshishkend">
Keshishkend

Keshishkend or Keshishkent may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18532952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532952" title="Georgina Tarasiuk">
Georgina Tarasiuk

Georgina Tarasiuk (born 14 September 1988 in Biała Podlaska, Poland) is a Polish singer. She rose to fame in 1999, at the age of eleven, when she won the Natalia Kukulska edition of Szansa na sukces with her performance of the song "Dłoń".

</doc>
<doc id="18532955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532955" title="Sergei Prigoda">
Sergei Prigoda

Sergei Grigoryevich Prigoda () (born November 4, 1957 in Moscow) is a retired Soviet football player and Russian coach.
He coached Mjällby AIF and IK Brage.
International career.
Prigoda made his debut for USSR on July 28, 1977 in a friendly against East Germany. He played in UEFA Euro 1980 qualifiers (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).

</doc>
<doc id="18532974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532974" title="Assumption of the Virgin (Botticini)">
Assumption of the Virgin (Botticini)

The Assumption of the Virgin, 1475 - 1476, is a large (228.6 x 377.2 cm) painting in tempera on wood panel by Francesco Botticini. It was commissioned as the altarpiece for a church in Florence and is now in the National Gallery, London. 
The disciples gather around Mary's lily-filled tomb with looks of amazement. There are donor portraits of Matteo Palmieri, who commissioned the work, kneeling on the left, and his wife on the right. In Heaven above, surrounded by the nine choirs of angels, Jesus raises his hand in blessing to his kneeling mother. 
Among the lesser angels around Jesus and Mary are saints. Together with Palmieri's poem "La città di vita", this mixing of saints with angels raised questions about the orthodoxy of the donor Palmieri, and possibly that of the painter Botticini himself. 

</doc>
<doc id="18532980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532980" title="Countries of Britain">
Countries of Britain

Generally, countries of Britain can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18532988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532988" title="All Samples Cleared!">
All Samples Cleared!

All Samples Cleared! is the fourth studio album by Biz Markie. It was released on June 2, 1993; produced by Biz and his cousin Cool V; and was his final studio album released by Cold Chillin'/Warner Bros. Records. The album was not much of a success, only peaking at #43 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, though the single "Let Me Turn You On" made it to #7 on the Hot Rap Singles. The title was a reference to the court battle over an illegal sample Biz used on his 1991 song "Alone Again." This would also mark Biz's last studio album until 2003's "Weekend Warrior".

</doc>
<doc id="18532992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18532992" title="Tim Folger">
Tim Folger

Tim Folger is an American science and nature writer. He is a contributing editor at "Discover Magazine" and writes about science for several other magazines. Folger has been the "series editor" of "The Best American Science and Nature Writing" yearly anthology since 2002. He won the 2007 American Institute of Physics Science Writing Award. 

</doc>
<doc id="18533000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533000" title="British countries">
British countries

Generally, British countries can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18533040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533040" title="Chatkran">
Chatkran

Chatkran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18533059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533059" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Mozambique">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Mozambique

The Roman Catholic Church in Mozambique is composed of three ecclesiastical provinces and 9 suffragan dioceses.

</doc>
<doc id="18533144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533144" title="Washington Scottish Pipe Band">
Washington Scottish Pipe Band

The Washington Scottish Pipe Band is a Grade III competition pipe band located in Seattle, Washington, USA. Registered as a 501(c)3 non-profit organization, the band was officially founded in 1938, but its roots trace back to the late 19th century, making it the oldest continuously operated pipe band in the Pacific Northwest. The band holds membership in the British Columbia Pipers Association (BCPA) and competes at most of the scheduled BCPA events throughout the Pacific Northwest. For the past 70 years, the organization has displayed the Royal Stewart tartan.
History.
1890-1938.
Pipe band history in Washington State goes back to the 1890s. Three bands existed in the Seattle area at that time: the Pipe Band of the Scottish Gaelic Society, the American Legion Rainier-Noble Post Pipe Band, and the Seattle Pipe Band (founded in 1916 later to become the City of Seattle Pipe Band - Grade I). Pipe Majors (P/M) of this era included John MacDonald and John Ironsides. By the early 1920s the three bands had united as the Seattle Pipe Band under the direction of P/M Alex Gray of Scotland. The Seattle Pipe Band soon established a reputation for excellence on the contest field, winning the coveted Stewart Trophy in Vancouver, under P/M Ben MacPhee in 1938. However, dissension set in as to whether the band should remain primarily a competition band or should concentrate on being a performance band. The division resulted in the band splitting into two separate bands in 1938. Those opting to remain a competitive band had now formed the Washington Scottish Pipe Band, with the others remaining with the Seattle Pipe Band.
1938-1945.
The Washington Scottish Pipe Band was first led by P/M Angus Smith, son of former Seattle Pipe Band member Duncan Smith. The band’s early years were marked by success both in competition and in performance throughout the Western United States and Canada. In 1942 Angus Smith moved to California to play in the Grade I Lockheed Pipe Band, and the P/M title was turned over to Alastair MacRae, son of longtime band member Alexander MacRae. This began what was to be a long period of MacRae family leadership.
The United States had entered World War II by the time Alastair took over the band, and many band members were called to serve in the war efforts, including Alastair. As a result, Jack Ritchie took over as acting P/M. The band continued to perform during the war despite its reduced numbers, going so far as to be named as official members of the Washington State Guard. Band members donned military jackets with the WAG insignia, and served as the official pipe band of the unit, playing at weekly guard meetings representing them on parade. Because the unit was a member of the 7th Cavalry its official pipe tune was "Garryowen". Following the war, the connection with the Guard was severed, and the band no longer performed "Garryowen".
1945-2010.
Alastair MacRae rejoined the Washington Scottish Pipe Band after the war and went on to become the band’s longest serving P/M. Under his leadership, the band won numerous contests, including the Pacific Northwest Grade III Championships. Alastair, a professional piper, won the individual Open Championship as well before stepping down from the P/M role in 1967. Alastair’s brother Colin then took the band reins for 2 years. Colin was followed by Roy Cotton, who served from 1969 until 1976. In that year, Alastair MacRae’s nephew Colin MacRae Jr. took over the Washington Scottish. Colin held the P/M role until 2000 and led the band to three Grade III Championships, plus a win over the North American Grade II Championships at the Vancouver Indoor contest in 1988. Colin was followed by Dave Guthrie, who served in 2000 and 2001. Kevin Auld, Band Director for Northwest Junior Pipe Band led the band from 2002 to 2005, at which point Dave Guthrie returned to the role and continues as Pipe Major, as of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18533174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533174" title="Razdan">
Razdan

A Kashmiri Surname, The evolution of Razdan begins with its early ancestors. Even in the earliest days of a name there are changes in that name simply because family names were infrequently written down at that stage in history.
Razdan - The census report of 1819 states that Razdan is a corrupted form of ancient Sanskrit epithet Rajanak. Stein is of the view that 'the title Rajanak, meaning literally "a king", used to be given for services rendered to the King. The title has survived in the form of Razdan as a family name of very free occurrence among the Brahmans of Kashmir. It was borne by Rajanaka Ratanakara, the author of the Haravijaya (9th Century), and by many Kashmirian authors of note enumerated in the Vamsaprasasti which Anama Rajanaka (17th Century) has appended to his commentary on the Nisadhacarita. As the designation of certain high officials (Muhammadans), the term Rajanaka is often used by Srivara and in the fourth chron (also in the shortened form Rajana).' R. S. Pandit states that the title Rajanaka was continued under Muhammadan rule and was conferred on Muslim officers.
It was common for a family name to change as it enters a new country or language. As families, tribes, and clans moved between countries and languages, the Razdan name may have changed with them. Razdan ancestors have travelled around the world all throughout history.
The nationality of Razdan may be very difficult to determine because country boundaries change over time, leaving the nation of origin indeterminate. The original ethnicity of Razdan may be difficult to determine depending on whether the family name came into being naturally and independently in different locales; e.g. in the case of last names that come from a professional trade, which can appear in multiple countries independently (such as the family name "Dean" which may have been adopted by members of the clergy).
The meaning of Razdan come may come from a craft, such as the name "Brewster" which refers to a female brewer. Some of these craft-based surnames can be a profession in another language. This is why it is important to understand the country of origin of a name, and the languages spoken by its early ancestors. Many names like Razdan originate from religious texts such as the Bhagavadgītā, the Quran, the Bible, and other related texts. Commonly these family names relate to a religious sentiment such as "Favored of God".
Razdan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18533183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533183" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Mali">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Mali

The Roman Catholic Church in Mali is composed of 1 ecclesiastical provinces and 5 suffragan dioceses. Its bishops form the Episcopal Conference of Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="18533194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533194" title="Grass mantis">
Grass mantis

Grass mantis is a common name mostly given to various species of praying mantis that mimic grass or other slender vegetation. Species to which this name has been applied include but are not limited to:

</doc>
<doc id="18533197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533197" title="Japanese destroyer Numakaze">
Japanese destroyer Numakaze

History.
Construction of the large-sized "Minekaze"-class destroyers was authorized as part of the Imperial Japanese Navy's 8-4 Fleet Program from fiscal 1917 with nine vessels, and fiscal 1918 with an additional six vessels. However, the final three vessels in the fiscal 1918 were built to a different design and have a different enough silhouette that many authors consider them to be a separate class. "Numakaze", built at the Maizuru Naval Arsenal, was the third ship of this sub-class. It was laid down on August 10, 1921, launched on February 25, 1922 and commissioned on July 27, 1922.
On completion, "Numakaze" was teamed with , and flagship to form Destroyer Division 1 (第一駆逐艦). In 1938-1939, the Division was assigned to patrols of the northern and central China coastlines in support of Japanese combat operations in the Second Sino-Japanese War
World War II history.
At the time of the attack on Pearl Harbor, "Numakaze" was based at the Ōminato Guard District in northern Japan, and was assigned to patrols of the Hokkaidō and Chishima Islands coastlines. 
During the Battle of Midway in May 1942, "Numakaze" was assigned to the reserve force for the Aleutian Islands Operation, which did not leave Japanese waters. Afterwards, she returned to patrol and escort duties based out of Ōminato through July 1943, when it was assigned temporarily to the IJN 5th Fleet for the mission to evacuate surviving Japanese forces from Kiska. On June 6, 1943, "Numakaze" suffered damage in a collision with . "Numakaze" continued to be based at Ōminato for patrol and escort in northern waters until December 1943.
In December 1943, "Numakaze" was reassigned to the Combined Fleet, departing from Moji on December 5 as part of the 1st Surface Escort Division escorting a convoy to Taiwan. However, on December 18, 1943, "Numakaze", while chasing the wake of , was hit by a torpedo, blew up and sank east-northeast of Naha, Okinawa at position . The destroyer was lost with all hands, including the commanding officer of DesDiv 1, Commander Watanabe Yasumasa.
On February 5, 1944 "Numakaze" was removed from navy list.

</doc>
<doc id="18533209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533209" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Malawi">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Malawi

The Roman Catholic Church in Malawi is composed of two ecclesiastical provinces and 6 suffragan dioceses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18533238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533238" title="Acrogaster">
Acrogaster

Acrogaster is a genus of fossil fish of the order Beryciformes, found in the Cretaceous period.

</doc>
<doc id="18533246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533246" title="List of Noein characters">
List of Noein characters

Following is a list of characters from the anime , also known simply as Noein, the science fiction anime television series directed by Kazuki Akane and Kenji Yasuda and produced by Satelight. It ran for 24 episodes from October 12, 2005 to March 29, 2006.
Hakodate (the Present Timespace).
"Note that Hakodate, the main Present Timespace setting of "Noein", is a real city, in the Hokkaido Prefecture of Japan, and its many features of its appearance were replicated with uncanny detail in "Noein". A special feature of the DVD-Videos series goes through this matter extensively."
In the present timespace, Haruka is one of the protagonists of the anime. In this timespace, she was a typical elementary school student before a ghost hunting trip led by Miho led her to meet Karasu for what she believed to be the first time, although she had previously seen him on a church steeple. Initially unaware of her status as the Dragon Torc, Haruka realized this when she was threatened by Atori, activating her powers. She was attacked several times by the Dragon Knights, but was rescued by an angered, almost crazed Karasu. The two of them were whisked back to La'cryma, where Karasu was tortured and Haruka was imprisoned. She was horrified to find that this timespace's Earth is a postapocalyptic wasteland, and that the scientist presiding over her was her former best friend. When Shangri-la attacked, Haruka was almost drowned to harness her powers, but she was rescued by an exhausted Karasu, who returned her to earth. With his help, she continued to evade the remaining Dragon Knights, but later willingly went with Noein if he spared Yuu and Karasu. Haruka was horrified to find that Noein is yet another version of Yuu, who still loves and longs for her in a very warped, insane manner. Along with Yuu, she denies that Noein is the same as Yuu or Karasu, and destroys his power. She and Yuu return to Earth together, after Karasu promises her that she'll see him again – in fifteen years, when Yuu is grown. Some months later, we see that Haruka is anticipating Yuu's return on vacation, and that she regularly emails him. But she glances over at the church steeple, remembering Karasu. Haruka has a deep, almost supernatural bond with the Yuus from both Earth and La'cryma. Both of them can apparently hear her when she is in distress, even when she is in another timespace. Yuu is initially angry that Haruka is so fond of the blunt, tormented Karasu, unaware that this is because both of them are her beloved Yuu, and that she loves them in the same way.
Haruka's mother. She moved with Haruka to Hakodate after her divorce from Takuya, Haruka's father. She was once best friends with Yuu's mother, but their friendship eventually started to fall apart when Yuu's grandmother died; after Haruka and Miyuki visit the past, Asuka and Miyuki re-affirm their friendship.
Haruka's father. He is a prominent scientist in the field of quantum physics and one of the founders of the Magic Circle Project, which aims to control the flow of spacetime. He is divorced from Asuka, Haruka's mother, but confides in Haruka that he still has feelings for Asuka. He claims she will never forgive him though. He still maintains a close relationship with Haruka. After learning of the danger the Magic Circle Project poses, he joins Ryōko and Kyōji to try to stop its activation.
In the present timespace, he is Haruka's classmate and one of the protagonists of the anime. He, unlike other students, is being forced by his mother to go to cram school in order to pass a provincial enrollment test and go to a Tokyo junior high. As a result, he has little time for anything but studying and has developed a habit of carrying a utility knife with him where ever he goes (presumably for suicidal/homicidal purposes). He initially tries to run away with disastrous results, and later has a blowup with his mother. Once the pressure is relieved, he realizes that he needs to take the exams because he has no special talents. Yuu initially doesn't want anything to do with La'cryma and the Dragon Knights, because of Karasu's contempt for him and Atori's crazed behavior. But he reluctantly gets involved, eventually teaming up with Karasu to save all timespaces – and Haruka – from Noein. When confronted by the monstrous version of himself, he disowns Noein and destroys his power. As the series ends, we learn that Yuu is in Tokyo, having passed the exams. He comes home for vacation sometimes, and talks to Haruka constantly over email. He appears to be physically weak and isolated, and he has the same angsty, doubting personality as Karasu – a fact that seems to irk the older version of himself. But he does have a very deep friendship with Haruka, and eventually realizes that he's in love with her. They even seem to have a psychic bond, since Yuu hears Haruka thinking of him in another timespace. There are other Yuus in other timespaces, some of whom lose their Haruka. Some of them remain as they are, but others changed radically because of Haruka. One of them, Karasu, becomes depressed and nihilistic, but is recognizable as Yuu; Noein, on the other hand, is crazed and evil to the point that Yuu disowns him.
Yuu's mother. At the beginning of the series, she is very strict about Yuu's school work. Later, it is revealed that she wanted Yuu to be just like her sister who had died and was very successful at everything before her death. After she pushes Yuu as far as to run away with Haruka, she comes looking for her son and Haruka eventually uses the Dragon Torc to send Miyuki back in time to where she resolves her worries about her mother never loving her. After this, her attitude to Yuu's studying changes, and she even goes as far as to say he doesn't have to take the entrance exams if he doesn't want to.
In the present timespace, she is another of Haruka's classmates, and one of her best friends. She is an expert in soccer, and she has a crush on Isami that doesn't initially seem to be reciprocated. When Isami gives Haruka the same gift he gave Ai, Ai becomes briefly angry that she's shown no special affection. In one future timespace, she is a successful high school soccer player, but she has to have her left leg amputated following a severe injury ending her soccer career. After becoming depressed, she almost commits suicide by jumping off of the hospital roof, but is saved by Isami. In Karasu's timespace, Ai is a respected scientist – Lady Amamiku – who attempts to use Haruka to save La'cryma, and still close to Isami.
He is another one of Haruka's friends in the present timespace. He lives with his brother and grandmother, as their parents both died. He appears to be tough on the outside but has a fear for ghosts, and he is constantly nagging Yū about being a "mama's boy" and never doing anything but study and go to cram school. Yū and Isami are very close, with Yū's angsty, doubting nature offset by Isami's laid-back personality. Isami is also friends with Ai, who has a hidden crush on him. Isami doesn't seem interested at first, since he seems to prefer older women like his teacher. However, there are some hints that he may be growing interested in Ai by the end. In one future timespace, Isami becomes a delinquent after his grandmother dies and is separated from his brother. After a fight with another gang, he ends up losing an eye while trying to protect his friends, who consequently abandon him. With not much to live for, he was about to put a knife in the guy who slashed his eye, before the present timespace's Yū came along and told him he was the only one who could save Ai from killing herself. In Karasu's timespace, he is a Dragon Knight by the name of Fukurou, who decides to help Karasu protect Haruka just before he is killed by Noein.
In the present timespace, she is a close friend of Haruka, Yū, Isami and Ai. She is very chipper and obsessed with ghosts. She develops a bond with Atori when he loses his memories, who at first thinks she is his sister. When Atori shows signs of relapsing into his prior psychotic behavior, Miho starts sobbing and threatening to not speak to him, which restores him to normal.
In one potential timespace Miho is depressed as she has no friends; everyone hates her because she is rich. After spending two weeks locked in her room she develops some sort of psychosis, and does not even recognise her own mother. In the end it is Atori who saves her, and brings her back to reality. Apparently this future is not ahead for Miho. In karasu's timespace, she is blind and has a daughter by the name of Lily.
She is a quantum researcher for the Magic Circle Project. Initially, her research involves a lot of chasing after quickly-disappearing phenomena and seems fruitless, but after she and Kyouji meet the Dragon Cavalry, she discovers that the Magic Circle Project, if successfully activated, would annihilate all of existence; she is then determined to stop it at all costs. She initially is irritated by Kōriyama's attitude and occasional sexually charged joke. But apparently she grows to find him attractive, and in the final episode she rushes to embrace him after he is shot.
He is Ryōko's partner, acting as her driver and bodyguard while she researches quantum phenomena. He doesn't understand the bulk of Ryōko's work, asking for simplistic explanations here and there (as a sort of audience surrogate), but he sticks around her anyway. He does get to shine at the very end of the series, when timespaces are converging and a corrupt corporate leader refuses to let Ryōko stop it. He shoots Kōriyama, only to find that he's unaffected because "apparently there's a me that doesn't get shot!" Kōriyama remains unhurt after the timespaces separate.
She is the teacher to Haruka and her group of friends. She does not seem to get along with Ryōko. Isami has an obvious crush on her.
La'cryma.
La'cryma exists as a timespace 15 years into the future. There all life-forms were transformed into quantum-reality beings at a macro level due to an incident that occurred in the past, the Quantum Revolution. A unique hierarchy called the Reizu Social Order holds sway in this world, ruled over by a supreme council of technocrats. As individuals advance in rank they are given new honorific names that relate to the function they are performing. With the surface of the planet rendered uninhabitable by the constant attacks of Shangri-la, La'cryma's surviving population have been forced deep underground, the unskilled masses and exiles living in the upper strata nearer the blasted surface while the elite citizens live much deeper in the more protected and advanced areas. Their top military force, known as the Dragon Knights, exist to protect La'cryma from invasion and to enter into other timespaces to fight Shangri-la and find the Dragon Torc. There were originally more members, but it is suggested that they dissolve into nothingness from being in foreign timespaces for too long (the standard way a timespace being visited rejects them) or were killed in the pan-dimensional war. Each Knight has access to various weapons formed from their Reizu (and apparently their bodies in quantum states can be transformed for a limited period of time), known as Spin Weaponry. A super quantum-computer called the Reizu Simulator is the key to the survival of La'cryma's people as it acts as an observer of the quantum-reality in that timespace thus sustaining their existence. Through its calculations the computer maintains the dimensional barriers that protect La'cryma from Shangri-la's corrosion and can open up new dimensions for travel.
In English versions, this is called Layze
The Supreme Council.
Ten seats make up the circle of the ruling council of La'cryma. However, an age of pan-dimensional war against Shangri-la has brought about near total collapse of their civilization. Now entering the endgame only councilors Gokan, Enra, and Taiza (and a strange doll-like figure tied to one of the chairs) make up the surviving membership. The council chamber is shrouded in darkness but for the holograms linking them to the central computer and visions of a blue sky they will never see.
"Karasu", the Japanese word for crow, is Yū in the future timespace of La'cryma and one of the protagonists of the anime. However, though his mission was to find the Dragon Torc (ironically in the child form of his dead wife, Haruka) Karasu had an alternate reason as he removed his pipeline to remain in our timespace as Haruka's protector. In his timespace, he failed to save Haruka from death, and thus swore to protect the Harukas of other timespaces from anyone or anything. His devotion is such that even torture and mortal injuries cannot stop him; he even briefly goes mad when she is about to die, triggering the memories of his Haruka's death. As a result, he brutally kills one of the other Dragon Knights and smashes open a dam, screaming "Go! Hell calls you!" He even fights his oldest friend, Isami/Fukurō, almost to the death rather than allow Haruka to be harmed. He is also irritated by the Yū of our timespace, seeing him as weak and indecisive, although it seems that he despises Yū for his own inability to save his Haruka. They are actually very similar, with a psychic bond to Haruka, a desperate need to keep her safe, and a tendency towards angst and doubt. Karasu apparently still whittles.
After invading Shangri-la with Yū, Karasu destroys several of Shangri-la's ships, but is horrified to find that his nemesis Noein is actually another version of him and Yū. He assists Yū in disowning Noein's existence, destroying his power and freeing La'cryma. It is not entirely clear what happens to Karasu after Noein's destruction; by disconnecting himself from the pipeline early in the series, he condemned himself to fade out of that dimension, which would kill him. In the final scenes, he transforms into Yū after speaking to Haruka, suggesting that he may have merged with Yū. Like all Dragon Knights, Karasu's body has been radically altered on a quantum level – when he is injured, the inside of his body shows silver, and he bleeds blue raizu particles (though as shown in at least one fight, he still contains red blood). His spin weapon consists of several black whip-like threads that he can control. With them, he is able to create shields, grab distant objects, and cut through most anything. He has also been seen using blasts of built up energy. The spirals on the arms of Dragon Knights can also become swords, Karasu and Fukurou are seen using this weapon while fighting in episode 12 for a short while. Due to the fifteen years that have passed, and the strain of his life in La'cryma, Karasu is not immediately identifiable as Yū. While Yū looks like an ordinary young boy, Karasu has pallid skin, silver hair that falls over his face, and dresses in a huge black cloak. Despite these differences, his eyes are the same as Yū's, and Haruka sees the resemblance between them. Karasu has somewhat rectangular eyes and short, silver hair with long, evenly cut bangs that are swept off to one side. He also almost always harbors an intense expression which is at least once commented on by his peers.
He is Isami in the same future timespace as Karasu. He also became a Dragon Knight. Unlike the tormented Karasu, Fukurō managed to keep his sense of humour and laid-back personality, and his motto seems to be "Don't worry about it." Being Karasu's best friend, Fukurō failed the mission to kill him when he was declared a traitor; deciding instead to aid Karasu. However, Noein killed Fukurō after Haruka changed the future she saw in which it was Karasu who killed him. Fukurō is a close friend with the future Ai, and expresses his wish to see her one more time as he dies. Fukurō's spin weapon appears to be clusters of laser-like projectiles. He seems to find Haruka's timespace less painful than Karasu, looking fondly on Ai, Yū and his younger self, and admonishing Yū and Isami to "stay friends." Like Karasu, he looks very different from his younger self – tall, muscular, with a long brown ponytail and only one eye (presumably lost in a gang war in his teens) and retains the scar which runs over it and the left corner of his mouth. "Fukurō" is Japanese for owl.
A Dragon Knight of Middle Eastern descent, he resembles a tall, skinny man with bulging purple eyes, dark lips, and a long point of blond hair that hangs over his face, as well as gray/silver spirals that almost resemble the bolts on the neck of Frankenstein's Monster. Al, as he was originally named, witnessed his sister Sara die from traumatic injuries caused by stepping on a mine while he was a child. The incident left him deeply scarred, becoming bizarrely homicidal and violent over time. La'cryma's deteriorating power forces them to keep him on the roster despite his condition.
Though Atori seems to be fighting against the other Dragon Knights, he actually prefers using entirely different, but extreme methods to ensure the job is done. After betraying the Dragon Knights in an effort to destroy the Dragon Torc, he cuts his pipeline and becomes trapped in Haruka's timespace. When Atori intervenes in Karasu and Fukurou's fight, he loses his memory and becomes completely innocent and seemingly harmless. When he first meets Miho, Atori believes she is his little sister. This initially frightens Miho; when she denies that she is Sara, Atori lapses into confusion. Deprived of his prior hatred, he even admonishes his former enemy, the fatally injured Karasu, for sleeping when "the little girl is crying," and defends all of them from Kosagi's attacks. Miho and Atori develop a very deep bond, which seems to influence his personality once he regains his memories, as he fights to protect the children in Haruka's timespace. Ultimately, Atori dies whilst trying to protect Haruka's friends in Haruka's timespace during the second Shangri'la raid.
Atori's spin weapon seems to be based in lightning attacks. He can charge and release large blasts. In the final battle, Atori assumes the form of large quantum beast to fight the invaders from Shangri'la; blocking the circle that allows Shangri-la ships to enter our timespace; he apparently dies when the circle collapses on itself.
Due to his build and facial features, as well as his cold-blooded sadism (which is directed at Karasu with a particular hatred), Atori retains a particular reptilian appearance, perhaps a mix between a frog and a snake.
"Atori" is Japanese for finch.
Second in command of the Dragon Knights, she turned her love toward Karasu to hatred due to his perceived betrayal. She has hatred for Haruka as well, as she blames her for causing Karasu's defection, seeing her as nothing more than an item. Her wanting to understand this forces Kosagi to cut her pipeline so she can stay to see Karasu die. But in time, she comes to understand the truth and eventually returns to La'cryma to destroy the main computer, once the heart of their existence, allowing the people of La'cryma to observe and establish their world themselves, thus halting the invasion. Kosagi's spin weapon appears as a bow-like device bursting from her right arm and can fire energy blasts. "Kosagi" is Japanese for egret.

Tobi is a Dragon Knight who mastered the technical side of the future timespace. Although weak in combat, Tobi is proven to be an invaluable member of the knights. He was one of the Dragon Knights who left La'cryma with Atori, but allied with Karasu. Tobi remained in our timeline and eventually faded away once the danger ended. Tobi has not shown any spin weapons, though it is assumed he has one. "Tobi" is Japanese for kite. Tobi is quite petite, most likely the youngest of the Dragon Knights, and has relatively dark skin. He is adorned by purple hair worn in a style similar to a bowl-cut, though at both sides in the back it is tied into short braids bound by what appear to be wide, tight-bound rubber bands, or some form of clasp or ribbon. He has brown eyes with nearly stick-straight eyelids, resulting in a somewhat feline appearance. Tobi is male,although in the English dub,he is given a female voice and referred to as "she". The reasons for the change of gender to female is unknown.
He is another Dragon Knight who accompanied Atori and Tobi in leaving La'cryma. After removing his pipeline, he remarked that if he would disappear in a peaceful timespace then he would be happy. Fukurou and Karasu travelled to Haruka's timespace to pursue them, and when Atori ordered Isuka to destroy Haruka, Karasu was forced to kill him. Isuka's last words were that he could now be at peace. Isuka's spin weapon consists of him charging energy into his fists and unleasing a blast of energy shaped like a fist towards his target. "Isuka" is Japanese for crossbill.
He is the leader of the Dragon Knight Squad and was the only member to remain on La'cryma. He had feelings for Kosagi, but his affections were not returned. Eventually, his body decayed to the point of using mechical prosthetics and a face mask to cover his eye and later most of his head. Prior to the series, Kuina realized La'cryma was a lost cause and had decided to ally himself with Noein to enter Shangri'la. However, due to Haruka's power increasing and Kuina's own body disintergrating, Noein refused to fulfill his end of the bargin. Kuina's obsession with reaching Shangri'la prompts him to take Haruka there and attempt to force Noein to honor their deal. However, his body is rejected by the timspace and he disintegrates. As he dies, he remarks of how he was foolish to seek Shangri'la, and remarks of Karasu's being a great Dragon Knight. Kuina has not shown any spin weapons, though one may assume that, as a Dragon Knight, he possesses at least one. "Kuina" is Japanese for rail.
La'cryma's Ai, she works as a science officer for the Supreme Council in the Dragon Knight's main base until she was arrested for allowing Haruka to escape back to her timeline. The name Amamiku is derived from Amamiko (also spelled "Amamikyo"/"Amamikiyo"), a creator goddess in Ryukyuan religion, which is also namesake of the Amami Islands.
Lily is Miho's daughter in La'cryma. She helps Haruka when she asks for a route to the surface and finds a place for Haruka and Yū to hide when the Dragon Knights are after them. Miho is blind in La'cryma, so Lily acts as her eyes. Lily strongly resembles her mother, but is more suspicious.
Haruka Kaminogi.
The Haruka of the La'cryma dimension is never seen in the present, only in flashbacks. Karasu later explains that she sacrificed her life to save La'cryma – and him specifically – by becoming a part of the great quantum computer that was made to defend against Shangri-la. This suggests that she may have had powers similar to this timespace's Haruka. Though she never appears, Haruka hears a ghostly phone call asking her to take care of Yū and Karasu. We also briefly see the La'cryma Haruka in flashbacks. Some of these show her as "dying" inside a glass tube of the computer, while one (as Karasu was being tortured) shows a tall silver-haired girl from the back.
Shangri'La.
He is the eponymous antagonist of the anime, initially appearing as a floating mask over a spectral body, occasionally revealing himself to "rescue" Haruka and eliminate anyone who interferes. But in reality, Noein is another Yū from a different timespace where he survived the car crash that killed Ms. Yukie, Isami, and Ai, and in which he had to endure watching a bloody Haruka be killed in the ensuing explosion. Unable to bear the pain of losing her, Noein decided to look for a new Haruka in a different timespace only to find that every Yu in the other timespaces suffers the similar pain of losing their respective Haruka, and that each timespace was filled with pain, death and sorrow. As a result of this, Noein decided to converge every timespace to stop all the pain and sorrow, creating Shangri'la as the first step of his plan: To use the Dragon Torc's power to erase all existence and start things anew.
In the process of this, Noein loses his own humanity to the point of resembling an emaciated albino version of Karasu, upon removing his mask and emerging from his spectral covering. Though he is still clearly in love with Haruka, Noein's feelings are warped in a twisted love/hate for not only her but his other selves. As a result, though he was once Yu, Noein is no longer the same as his other selves as he lacked the ability to truly remember his past. He is even more nihilistic than his La'cryma counterpart. In the end, Noein's existence was denied by Haruka and his other selves. Unable to cope with this as the dimensions recreated themselves, Noein lamented "Who am I?" as his minions emerged from his body and hovered over his dying form, with only his mask and vow that his vision will be realized remaining.
The Others.
They are the residents of Shangri'la. They all were originally residents of other space-times who desired to live in Noein's world, discarding their bodies and existing as merely a collective consciousness that reculantly serves as an extension of Noein's will. They appear to be able to take a limited form of a metallic dragon/seahorse shape with one ribbon like arm that ends in a hand. When Noein dies, his minions leave his body to return to their own worlds.
Other.
The Time Drifter.
This mysterious figure appears only to Haruka as an old man with a wide-brimmed hat that covers most of his upper face with the exception of one eye. He gives both cryptic (though often useful) advice and warnings to Haruka. Near the end of the series, he transforms into the Ouroboros.

</doc>
<doc id="18533248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533248" title="Denver Quarterly">
Denver Quarterly

The Denver Quarterly (known as The University of Denver Quarterly until 1970) is a well-regarded, avant-garde literary journal based at the University of Denver. Founded in 1966 by novelist John Edward Williams.
Best American Short Stories.
Stories from the journal have twice been included in The Best American Short Stories: Margaret Shipley's "The Tea Bowl of Ninsel Nomura," in 1969, and in 1977 Baine Kerr's "Rider." Victor Kolpacoff's "The Journey to Rutherford" received an Honorable Mention in the 1970 anthology, Walter Benesch received a similar notation for "The Double" in 1971, and John P. Fox got one for "Torchy and My Old Man" (also in 1971).
Best American Essays.
Three essays have had honorable mentions: Gabriel Hudson's "The Sky Hermit" in 1986, Stanley Elkin's "What's in a Name? Etc" in 1988, and Albert Goldbarth's "Wind-up Sushi: With Catalogues and Instructions for Assembly" in 1990.
Other awards.
Stephen Berg, the founder of The American Poetry Review, won the Denver Quarterly a Pushcart Prize for his poem "First Song/Bankei/1653/", which also was included in Best American Poetry 1990.
In 1990, Joanne Greenberg won an O. Henry Award for her short story "Elizabeth Baird," originally published in the Fall 1989 issue of the journal. Scott Bradfield's essay "Why I hate Toni Morrison's 'Beloved'" was published to acclaim in 2004 (Vol 38:4).
Editors.
The first editor was John Edward Williams (1965-1970). Others have included Jim Clark, Leland Chambers (1977-1983) Donald Revell (1988-1994) Bin Ramke (1994-2011) and currently, novelist Laird Hunt (2012-present).
Notes and references.
http://libinfo.uark.edu/specialcollections/findingaids/williamsje.html
http://www.philsp.com/homeville/anth/s101.htm
http://books.google.com/books?id=1cZZAAAAMAAJ&q=%22denver+quarterly%22+best+american&dq=%22denver+quarterly%22+best+american&lr=&pgis=1
http://www.du.edu/english/binramke.htm
http://www.randomhouse.com/anchor/ohenry/winners/past.html
http://www.bestamericanpoetry.com/archive/?id=19
http://biography.jrank.org/pages/4268/Didion-Joan.html
http://www.newpages.com/magazinestand/litmags/reviews_archive_2004/2004_08/default.htm
http://eskiaonline.com/content/view/18/33/
http://davidlavery.net/barfield/barfield_resources/Bibliographies/Bibliography.html
http://www.ilab.org/db/detail.php?lang=de&membernr=2318&ordernr=007518
http://www.cmmayo.com/mexico.translators.html
http://books.google.com/books?id=GsdZAAAAMAAJ&q=%22denver+quarterly%22&dq=%22denver+quarterly%22&lr=&pgis=1

</doc>
<doc id="18533250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533250" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Madagascar">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Madagascar

The Roman Catholic Church in Madagascar is composed of 4 ecclesiastical provinces and 17 suffragan dioceses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18533259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533259" title="Luis Alfonso Páez">
Luis Alfonso Páez

Luis Alfonso Páez (born October 27, 1986 in Medellín) is a Colombian football forward, who currently plays for Atlético Nacional.

</doc>
<doc id="18533272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533272" title="Bill Karr">
Bill Karr

William Morrison Karr Jr. (born November 29, 1911 in Ripley, West Virginia, died October 29, 1979 in Clendenin, West Virginia ) was an end who played six seasons in the National Football League for the Chicago Bears. Karr attended West Virginia University.

</doc>
<doc id="18533283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533283" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Liberia">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Liberia

The Roman Catholic Church in Liberia is composed of one ecclesiastical province with 2 suffragan dioceses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18533293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533293" title="Aleksandr Prokhorov (footballer)">
Aleksandr Prokhorov (footballer)

Aleksandr Vladimirovich Prokhorov () (June 18, 1946 in Brest, Belarus – January 7, 2005 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player and coach.
International career.
Prokhorov made his debut for USSR on March 20, 1976 in a friendly against Argentina. He played in the UEFA Euro 1976 quarterfinal (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).

</doc>
<doc id="18533301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533301" title="Brian Brivati">
Brian Brivati

Brian Brivati is a professor of contemporary history at Kingston University and a writer.
Brivati has had articles published in "The Guardian", "The Times", "The Financial Times", "The Independent on Sunday", "The Observer", "The New Statesman", "Progress", "The Fabian Review" and "Parliamentary Brief". He has published extensive work on contemporary British politics with an emphasis on the political history of the British Labour party. He has also written biographies of both Lord Goodman and Hugh Gaitskell and edited several works concerning the Labour Party and Michael Foot, and has appeared as a political commentator on BBC Radio 4.
He is currently a director of the John Smith memorial trust.

</doc>
<doc id="18533303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533303" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Lesotho">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Lesotho

The Roman Catholic Church in Lesotho is composed of 1 ecclesiastical province and 3 suffragan dioceses.

</doc>
<doc id="18533313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533313" title="Palace of Venaria">
Palace of Venaria

The Palace of Venaria (Italian: Reggia di Venaria Reale) is a former royal residence located in Venaria Reale, near Turin, in Piedmont, northern Italy. It is one of the Residences of the Royal House of Savoy, included in the UNESCO Heritage List in 1997.
The Palace was designed and built from 1675 by Amedeo di Castellamonte, commissioned by duke Charles Emmanuel II, who needed a base for his hunting expeditions in the heathy hill country north of Turin. The name itself derives from Latin, "Venatio Regia" meaning "Royal Hunt".
History.
Charles Emmanuel was inspired by the example of the Castle of Mirafiori, built by Duke Charles Emmanuel I for his wife Catherine Michelle of Spain. Keen to leave a memorial of himself and his wife, Marie Jeanne of Savoy-Nemours, he bought the two small villages of Altessano Superiore and Altessano Inferiore from the Milanese-origin Birago family, who had created here a large complex of plants. The place was rechristened "Venaria" for his future function as hunting base.
The design was commissioned from architects Amedeo di Castellamonte and Michelangelo Garove. The plan of the annexed borough was to symbolize the collar symbol of the Order of the Most Holy Annunciation, a dynastic order created by the House of Savoy. In 1675 the borough and the palace were nearly completed, including the so-called Reggia di Diana (Royal Residence of Diana, the heart of the complex. Works however continued until the next century, as in 1693 French invasion troops are known to have destroyed some buildings and Duke (future King) Victor Amadeus II had the residence modified according to French canons.
Further damage was inflicted during the Siege of Turin (1706), when the French troops under Louis d'Aubusson de La Feuillade were billeted there. After the Savoyard victory, Victor Amadeus named Filippo Juvarra as director of the works. It was here that during the reign of Charles Emmanuel III that his third wife died giving birth to son. The structure was rarely used after. 
During the Napoleonic domination, the structures were turned into barracks and the gardens destroyed to create a training ground. The complex maintained this role also after the fall of Napoleon, and was used by the Italian Army until 1978, when it was sold to the Ministry of Culture. Restoration works were begun, but most of the complex was open for tourism from 13 October 2007.
The Palace.
The entrance of the palace leads into the "Corte d'onore" ("Honour Court"), which once housed a fountain with a deer. The main facade, covered in the 17th century section with plaster and featuring cornucopias, shells and fruits, is connected on the right by a part with brickworks added in the 18th century. From the Michelangelo Garove period (1669–1713) are the two towers covered with multicolor pentagonal tiles in ceramics, which are united by a large gallery, known from the 20th century as "Galleria di Diana".
The interiors originally housed a large collection of stuccos, statues, paintings (according to Amedeo di Castellamonte, up to 8,000) from some of the court artists of the times, such as Vittorio Amedeo Cignaroli, Pietro Domenico Olivero and Bernardino Quadri.
Gardens.
The original gardens of the residence are now totally disappeared, since French troops turned them into training grounds. Earlier drawings show an Italian garden with three terraces connected by elaborate stairways and architectural features such as a clock tower in the first court, the fountain of Hercules, a theater and parterres.
Recent works have recreated a park in modern style, exhibiting modern works by Giuseppe Pennone, including a fake 12 m-high cedar housing the thermic discharges of the palace.
Church of Sant'Uberto and other 18th century additions.
After the death of Garove (1713), Juvarra built the Grand Gallery and in parallel built a church dedicated to St. Hubertus, patron of the hunters (1716–1729). The church is strictly included within the palace's structure, so that it was impossible to build a dome: this was then frescoes trompe-l'oeil from inside.
Other works of the Juvarra period included the stables, the "citroneria" (fruit grows, 1722–1728) and the renovation in French-style of the facades.
The last buildings date from the mid-18th and early 19th centuries (stables, riding school, stair of the Reggia di Diana, gallery of Sant'Uberto); subsequently the Palace was abandoned in favour of the Palazzina di Caccia di Stupinigi (1729), which was by then more in tune with the tastes of the European courts.

</doc>
<doc id="18533318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533318" title="Slug (coin)">
Slug (coin)

A slug is a counterfeit coin that is used to make illegal purchases from a coin-operated device, such as a vending machine, payphone, parking meter, transit farebox, copy machine, coin laundry, gaming machine, or arcade game. By resembling various features of a genuine coin, including the weight, size, and shape, a slug is designed to trick the machine into accepting it like a real coin.
Though slug usage is a violation of the law, prosecution for slug usage is rare due to the low value of the theft and the difficulty in identifying the offender. Offenders in casinos are most likely to be prosecuted, as casinos have high levels of video surveillance and other security measures, and are more proactive in enforcement.
Losses caused to vendors by slug usage may be the result of the loss of sales, the absence of revenue following the distribution of merchandise that was obtained at the vendor's expense, or the loss of cash that is distributed by the machine for overpayment with slugs. Honest customers may also suffer losses when change returned to an honest customer for overpayment is in the form of a slug rather than a genuine coin.
In some cases, a slug can be a genuine coin used in another country, with or without knowledge of the user. One example was the interchangeable use of Australian and New Zealand 5c, 10c and 20c pieces in both countries, from 1967 until 2006 (when New Zealand coins were redesigned). These coins were of the same material and size with near identical obverses, so could circulate outside their home country for some time, although the New Zealand coins were worth about 20% less, potentially resulting in a small gain (to those passing them) in Australia and a similar loss in New Zealand. The Canadian quarter was also accepted by at least some US vending machines interchangeably with the US quarter until at least the start of the new millennium. The usefulness of this to offenders varied greatly over time; during the 1970s and 1980s, the Canadian and US quarters were very similar in value, but in the 1990s the Canadian quarter was worth as little as 16 US cents.
In the UK, during the late 1990s some coin operated slot machines would accept two Austrian Schillings glued together as if they were a £1.00 coin. Seeing as the two original coins had a net value of under £0.10 at the then-current exchange rate, this "trick" could net a profit when playing as the cost to play the machine had been reduced by over 90%. It did not take long for industry to reprogram the coin detectors to detect and reject the "Austrian Schilling trick".
Not long after it was possible to buy on the internet a bag of 100 washers for under £20 that had been deliberately made to fool the machines into thinking they were £1 coins. Again profits could be made, and again the industry reacted and coin detection devices were replaced with improved ones.
Many coin operated machines in Germany would accept the 1992, 1993 and 1995 stampings of the cupronickel Estonian 1 kroon coin as a German 1 mark coin. This was profitable for users of the Estonian coins as the kroon was pegged to the mark at a fixed rate of 8:1. All cupronickel 1 kroon coins were demonetized in May 1998 and the replacement aluminium-bronze Estonian 1 kroon coin was not interchangeable with the German mark in coin operated machines.
Composition comparison.
Slugs are usually made from metals differing from those of real coins. While genuine coins in the United States currency are made from various alloys of copper, nickel, and zinc, Canadian coins are made mostly from steel with some copper and nickel, and euro coins are made from steel, nickel, and brass, slugs are frequently made from differing metals and alloys that are cheaper to obtain and mold, such as aluminum, tin, and lead.
Slugs may or may not have the face details of real coins. Some slugs that are made to match the face details may not be immediately recognizable as such to handlers, and may enter circulation.
Older, cheaper, and other low-tech machines that have fewer security measures are more likely to be defrauded by slug users. As an example, the full-mechanical machines still used today in candy machines can be fooled by a cardboard coin. Many newer machines, especially those found in casinos, have additional detection that can identify more details of coins and detect those that do not resemble real coins.

</doc>
<doc id="18533334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533334" title="List of Noein episodes">
List of Noein episodes

This is a list of episodes of the science fiction anime television series "Noein". The series was produced by Satelight and directed by Kazuki Akane. with the opening and ending sequences directed by Kenji Yasuda. The opening theme is "Idea" by Eufonius, and the ending theme is by Solua. The series was originally broadcast in Japan on Chiba TV in 24 episodes between 12 October 2005 and 29 March 2006. It was released in Japan on DVD by Bandai Entertainment. 
"Noein" is licensed in English by Manga Entertainment. It was broadcast in the United States by the Sci Fi Channel as part of Ani-Monday programming block starting on 18 June 2007, and in Australia on ABC2 started on 21 August 2007. In North America, the series was released on five Region 1 DVDs, the last released on 18 September 2007. In the United Kingdom, the first three volumes were sold individually, while the last two can only be purchased as part of a series collection.

</doc>
<doc id="18533336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533336" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Kenya">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Kenya

The Roman Catholic Church in Kenya is composed of 4 ecclesiastical provinces and 20 suffragan dioceses.

</doc>
<doc id="18533347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533347" title="Ruth Jacott">
Ruth Jacott

Ruth Jacott (born September 2, 1960 in Paramaribo) is a Dutch singer, originally from Suriname. 
Jacott transitioned from musical theatre to popular music in 1993, when she represented the Netherlands at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993. Her song, "Vrede" (Peace), was one of the favorites to win, and ended up ranking sixth out of 25 at Millstreet. She has since released nine Dutch-language albums, four of which made the Top Ten on the Dutch music charts.
Biography.
Ruth Jacott was born in Suriname and at nine, moved with her family to The Netherlands, where at 17 she took part in a talent contest, after which she received many offers to perform. She dropped out of the Hilversum Conservatory and began her career with The Vips and bands like The Skymasters, the VARA-Dansorkest and the Metropole Orkest.
Breakthrough.
In 1988, Jacott won the Knokke Festival in Belgium. After this success she had many offers to work in the musical world. She landed key roles in Dutch and German-language productions of "Cats" and "A Night At The Cotton Club", touring The Netherlands, Belgium, Germany and Switzerland. In 1989 Jacott received the "Zilveren Harp" (Silver Harp) award. One year later she sang the duet "Tegyo Makandra" with Hans Vermeulen, in commemoration of a plane crash in Paramaribo, the capital of Suriname. The duet was also released after the 1992 crash of an El Al flight in the Bijlmer (southeast Amsterdam), and became a hit. 
In 1993 her career took an important turn when she was asked to represent The Netherlands at the Eurovision Song Festival in Ireland. She received 92 points and ranked #6 with the song "Vrede" (Peace). The song's chorus stated:
""We bouwen huizen om orkanen te weerstaan" (We build houses to survive hurricanes),<BR>
"En maken schepen om met elke storm te varen" (And construct ships that can weather any storm);<BR>
"Er wordt gesleuteld aan een lamp die nooit kapot zal gaan" (A lamp that never breaks is being built); <BR>
"Het wil alleen ons niet zo lukken, om de vrede te bewaren" (We just can't seem to manage to keep the peace)."
Her Dutch-language debut album "Ruth Jacott" appeared shortly afterwards. In July she had a big hit together with Paul de Leeuw with the duet "Blijf bij mij" (Stay with me). She sang this song solo during the Dutch Nationale Songfestival (national precursor to Eurovision). In Spring 1994 her second album "Hou me vast" (Hold me), came out and went double platinum in the Dutch market. In addition she collaborated on albums with Gerard Joling, René Froger and Oscar Harris. With the charity single "Buseruka", written together with listeners of Dutch radio station 3FM, she was able to collect donations for UNICEF and Oxfam Novib projects in Rwanda.
Her third album "Geheimen" (Secrets) appeared in 1995 and went gold. She performed in shows in major Dutch theaters. With all the pressure she became exhausted and she needed to rest her voice. In February 1997 she was honored with a "Golden Harp" award. Two months later her album "Hartslag" (Heartbeat) was released. This also became a big success and she began another tour.
The compilation album "Altijd Dichtbij" (Always close by) was released in 1998 and contained a selection of five years of hits. She sang the theme song of a Dutch film "Kruimeltje".
2000's.
In 2000 her vocal cords were operated on. After she healed, she toured theaters again. Her album "Vals verlangen" (False longing) went gold and in October she performed at Amsterdam's Carré Theater which was filmed by TV network RTL 4 and later appeared on CD.
In 2002 the album "Tastbaar" (Tangible) was released and the single "Onderhuids" (Under my skin). Both were produced by Humphrey Campbell and the Dutch singing duo Fluitsma & Van Tijn. Two years later the duet "Nu Is Het Over" (Now it's over), with Mark Dakriet (ex-Re-Play), was released.
In 2004, the compilation CD "Het Beste Van Ruth Jacott"' (The best of Ruth Jacott) was released.
In the 2005-6 Dutch theater season Ruth was again in Dutch theaters with her show "A Touch of Latin" in which she sang both in Dutch and Spanish, with some numbers reworked in a Latin style. It was so successful that a second tour followed in the 2006-7 season. 
In 2008 Jacott played the title role in the musical "Billie Holiday", about the legendary African American singer. Her performance was well received by both the critics and the public. On June 2, 2008 she received the Dutch Musical Award for "Best Female Lead in a Small Musical".
In December 2008 Ruth appeared with her own Christmas show, which was also well received. 
On 23 March 23, 2009 the single "Jammer, maar helaas" (Too bad) was released from her new Latin album "Passie" (Passion) which appeared on April 20, 2009. "Passie" is a double CD with the original-language versions on CD 1 and the Dutch-language versions on CD 2. Starting in Fall 2009 Jacott will tour theaters with "Passie".
2010's.
In 2010 Jacott was a guest at the "Toppers" concert in the Amsterdam ArenA, where a quartet of well-known Dutch-language pop singers perform a high-camp show and where other top Dutch musical starts appear as special guests.
In June 2010 Jacott climbed Alpe d'Huez for the Radio 2 team on Radio 2's evening commute show "Knooppunt Kranenbarg" (Kranenbarg Junction).
Starting in February 2011 Jacott can be seen in her one woman show "Simply the Best", in which she performs songs from her heroines of days gone by, and tells her life story in between the songs, written by Frank Houtappels.
On the 4th of October, she released a new single duet with Edsilia Rombley, called "Uit Het Oog, Niet Uit Mijn Hart".
Television.
In 2010 Jacott played a supporting part in '"t Spaanse Schaep" (The Spanish Sheep) as Jopie Vrijman.

</doc>
<doc id="18533350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533350" title="Jack Robbins">
Jack Robbins

Jack Robbins (January 23, 1916 – January 1983) was an American football halfback who played two seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Chicago Cardinals. Robbins also played quarterback during his two years in the NFL. 
Robbins played college football and basketball at the University of Arkansas before being drafted into the NFL Draft in 1938, where he was the first of four Arkansas Razorbacks drafted.

</doc>
<doc id="18533357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533357" title="Festo Kivengere">
Festo Kivengere

Bishop Festo Kivengere (1919–1988) was a Ugandan Anglican-Christian leader referred to by many as "the Billy Graham of Africa". ("See endnote 4.") He played a huge role in a Christian revival in southwestern Uganda, but had to flee in 1973 to neighboring Kenya in fear for his life after speaking out against Idi Amin's tyrannical behavior. 
Kivengere had been made bishop of Kigezi and was among several bishops summoned to Amin's quarters. Angry mobs called for their deaths. Eventually, all were permitted to leave but one, the archbishop, Janani Luwum. The others waited for Luwum to join them but he never came out. The next day the government announced that Luwum had died in an automobile accident. Four days later, despite government threats, 45,000 Ugandans gathered in the Anglican cathedral in Kampala for a memorial service honoring their fallen leader. Kivengere did not attend the service. Urged to flee by friends who said, "One dead bishop is enough," he and his wife that night drove as far as their vehicle could take them and with the help of local church people in the hills they walked until the next morning brought them to safety across the border in Rwanda.
He later authored the book "I Love Idi Amin" to emphasize the qualities of forgiveness for those who wronged you and love of those who persecute you. Kivengere stated, "On the cross, Jesus said, 'Father, forgive them, because they know not what they do.' As evil as Idi Amin is, how can I do less toward him?" A second article about Kivengere is found in the same online dictionary.
Bishop Festo was one of the main speakers at an event called "Eurofest 75" held at the 1958 World Fair site in Brussels, Belgium. He spoke alongside Argentinian evangelist Luis Palau and Dr Billy Graham.
He returned to Uganda after Amin's downfall to continue an active ministry until his death by leukemia in 1988. 
Kivengere was known as a great storyteller and often thrilled his own and other's children with his storytelling skills. A favorite story of his: "One day a little girl sat watching her mother working in the kitchen. She asked her mummy, 'What does God do all day long?' For a while the mother was stumped, but then she said, 'Darling, I'll tell you what God does all day long. He spends his whole day mending broken things.'"

</doc>
<doc id="18533359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533359" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Guinea">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Guinea

The Roman Catholic Church in Guinea is composed of one ecclesiastical province and two suffragan dioceses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18533364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533364" title="Fresh Fruit Festival">
Fresh Fruit Festival

The Fresh Fruit Festival is a New York summer arts festival featuring the work of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgendered (LGBT) artists. Held every July, the festival was founded by Carol Polcovar in 2003 and sponsored by All Out Arts and New Village Productions. It is currently a program of All Out Arts a 501c3 organization. It includes a wide range of plays, visual arts, dance, and film presentations. Along with the Hot! Festival, it is among the most prominent LGBT-themed festivals in the New York artistic community. Fresh Fruit Festival enters its 10th year in 2011. Carol Polcovar held the position of Artistic Director of the festival for the past seven year. Frank Calo a long time Off-Broadway and Off-Off Broadway producer is the current Artistic Director. Fresh Fruit Festival is the only grassroots multidiscipline LGBT Arts Festival in NYC, growing not from a theater group but from LGBT political activists seeking to fight homophobia through the arts.
Past Festivals.
Performing Fruits 2007.
Special Events
Can't Prove It On Me:
A Benefit for Fresh Fruit and the Musicians of New Orleans, honoring LGBT Jazz Greats
Featuring Rome Neal, ButtaFly Soul, Linda Oh, Laraine Goodman, and Jolie Garrett.
Going Bananas II:
A Night with the funniest Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Comics
Hosted by Murray Hill
The Art Of Drag:
Hosted by Clover Honey
Featuring The Church Ladies For Choice, Samantha Richards, Jacqueline Jonee, Radical Faeries, Millie Shayntwrite, and Lady Maria Chaste Diva
Theatre
Short Plays and Performance Art
Poetry/Spoken Word
Visual Arts
Dance
Performing Fruits 2006.
Special Events
CAVALCADE OF FRUITS at the Slipper Room:
SONGS FROM A FRUIT RICH SOUL:
Featuring a world of musical imagination with MC: ButtaFlySoul and David Brown, Lisa Jackson and Kathy Valentine with Anne Rebold.
FRUITS: PAST, PRESENT, FUTURE: Highlights from this year’s festival and a look at the best of past performances.
TWO SPIRIT EVENING:
Celebrating of the First LGBT People on our Continent
• Produced by Robert Urban
• Featuring Georgie Jessup, Roger Kuhn, John Birdsong, Maurice Kenny and honoring Kent Lebostock recipient of the Fresh Fruit Award for Service to Diversity
Theatre
Short Plays and Performance Art
Poetry
Film and Video
OUT TO THE MOVIES
Dance
Development (Play Readings)
Performing Fruits 2005.
Musicals, Musical Revues, Cabaret Performance
Plays
Performance Pieces and Short Plays
Poetry and Literature
Multi-Media
Musical Performance (without book)
Spoken Word
Video
Visual Art
Performing Fruits 2004.
PLAYS
PERFORMANCE AND SHORT PLAYS
MUSICAL PERFORMANCE
POETRY
COMEDY
DANCE
Performing Fruits 2003.
PLAYS
PERFORMANCE and SHORT PLAYS
MUSICAL PERFORMANCE

</doc>
<doc id="18533376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533376" title="Gezaldara (disambiguation)">
Gezaldara (disambiguation)

Gezaldara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18533380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533380" title="Opotiki College">
Opotiki College

Opotiki College is a state secondary school located in Opotiki, in the Bay of Plenty, North Island, New Zealand. 

</doc>
<doc id="18533387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533387" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Ghana">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Ghana

The Roman Catholic Church in Ghana is composed of 4 archdiocese, 15 dioceses and 1 vicariate apostolic. 

</doc>
<doc id="18533394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533394" title="Biz's Baddest Beats">
Biz's Baddest Beats

"Biz's Baddest Beats" is a compilation album by Biz Markie. It was released on July 1, 1994, on Cold Chillin' Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18533398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533398" title="Miss University of Florida">
Miss University of Florida

Miss University of Florida Pageant and the Miss Florida Gator Pageant is the University of Florida's official pageant competition that is part of the larger Miss Florida and Miss America pageants. Florida Blue Key organizes the Miss University of Florida pageant.

</doc>
<doc id="18533403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533403" title="Peculator">
Peculator

Peculator is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Volutomitridae, one family of mitres. 
Species.
Species within the genus "Peculator" include:

</doc>
<doc id="18533413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533413" title="Hitotsubashi, Chiyoda">
Hitotsubashi, Chiyoda

Many establishments are located in Hitotsubashi. In Hitotsubashi 1-chōme are the headquarters of the "Mainichi Shimbun". In 2-chōme are Kyoritsu Women's University, Iwanami Shoten, Shogakukan, and Shueisha, as well as Hitotsubashi Group.

</doc>
<doc id="18533419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533419" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Gabon">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Gabon

The Roman Catholic Church in Gabon is composed of one ecclesiastical province with 4 suffragan dioceses.

</doc>
<doc id="18533463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533463" title="Summer hit">
Summer hit

A summer hit is a term in entertainment industry which refers to a title (song, album, film) released and peaked in its popularity during summer and often later quickly faded away.
Rick Lyman, a culture reporter for "The New York Times," wrote:
"The summer hits of 2001 are making about as much money as hits from previous summers, but they are making it quicker, making more of it that ever on opening weekend. Movies are opening on more screens, generating staggering grosses, and then plummetting off the radar. Many executives of the Hollywood see this trend, which the call "front loading," as a fundamental change in the way the summer movies are watched."
Songs that are marketed to be summer hits are very common, and often feature an upbeat tempo and descriptions of things such as relaxation outdoors and beach parties. These are songs considered ideal listening during summer activities. These intentional summer hits are most common in country (particularly country pop) and mainstream popular music but are much less common in rock.
The opposite of a summer hit in the music industry would be a Christmas song, a category that usually incorporates general winter songs as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18533466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533466" title="Saltby">
Saltby

Saltby is a village within the civil parish of Sproxton and Melton borough of Leicestershire, England. It lies close to the River Eye and the border with Lincolnshire.
The village includes the former RAF Saltby. The 13th to 15th-century parish church of St Peter is a grade II* listed building. 
Nearby places are Waltham on the Wolds, Croxton Kerrial, Coston, Buckminster, and Skillington (in Lincolnshire). 

</doc>
<doc id="18533474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533474" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1908–1911">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1908–1911

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly between the 1908 elections and the 1911 elections, together known as the Seventh Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18533481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533481" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Equatorial Guinea">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Equatorial Guinea

The Roman Catholic Church in Equatorial Guinea is composed of one ecclesiastical province and 2 suffragan dioceses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18533485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533485" title="Paul Swadel">
Paul Swadel

Paul Swadel is a New Zealand film director and producer.
He has directed and produced many successful short films which have screened in competition at Cannes, Venice, New York and Sundance film festivals to name but a few. Saatchi & Saatchi spotted his talent early in the commercials world for their New Directors Showcase at Cannes in 2000. As a TV Commercial director he has done award-winning work for Sony, Nike and had his PlayStation work picked up globally.
Swadel has nurtured a filmmaking partnership with James Cunningham (Director) that spans 15 years and four globally successful short films Their Film Infection competed at Cannes International Film Festival 2000, Sundance Film Festival 2001 and 20 other international Film Festivals. Paul and James have been developing an indie performance capture driven CGI film "Marshal" with Mark Ordesky, Executive Producer of The Lord of the Rings film trilogy. Their proof of concept short film Poppy, was shot on the Weta Digital motion capture soundstage. "Poppy" features Matthew Sunderland Winner of Best Actor Award at the 2008 NZ Screen Awards. Poppy was awarded the Grand Jury Prize at SIGGRAPH in Los Angeles 2010, and Best in Show at SIGGRAPH Asia in Seoul 2010.
He has also developed and co-directed projects with his brother Marc Swadel, whose reel includes work with The Strokes, Sonic Youth and Iggy Pop, and his TVC work was featured in the Saatchi & Saatchi New Directors Showcase at Cannes.
Swadel was a Co-Executive Producer of Headstrong with Ant Timpson and Leanne Saunders. Their feature film The Devil Dared Me To had its world premiere at SXSW and screened at over 20 International Film Festivals. It has sold to Wild Bunch for the United Kingdom, Vivendi for the United States and Boll AG for rest of world. Their second feature film A Song Of Good began its festival run with a World Premiere at Rotterdam Film Festival where it sold out all of its screenings. It garnered 5 nominations at the 2008 New Zealand Screen Awards, and won a "Best Picture" Award.
He has also directed a significant number of award-winning art documentaries around the world. These range in subject from Plácido Domingo at the NY Metropolitan Opera – The Understudy, to an award winning six-hour series on the history of New Zealand Art – The Big Picture presented by Hamish Keith, which garnered 3 nominations at the 2008 New Zealand Screen Awards, and won "Best Series" and "Best Music" Awards.
Swadel recently filled the role of Development Executive at the New Zealand Film Commission in Wellington, New Zealand.
He has recently Executive Produced a cinema documentary on the 2010 /11 Christchurch Earthquakes When A City Falls 
(in release) which had its International Premiere at the Melbourne International Film Festival, 2012.
Swadel is currently developing 6 Feature Films and Exec-Producing $90k shorts as Blue Harvest with the NZ Film Commission. He is currently working on a McCahon book with Craig Potton Publishers. He also works at Media Design School as a Senior Lecturer for the Bachelor of Art and Design where he teaches film making process.
Swadel's partner is filmmaker Kirstin Marcon.
Education.
Paul Swadel has a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Film from the University of Canterbury and a Master of Fine Arts with First Class Honours in Intermedia, from the Elam School of Fine Arts at the University of Auckland.
Filmography.
PRODUCER
DIRECTOR

</doc>
<doc id="18533500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533500" title="Hitotsubashi">
Hitotsubashi


</doc>
<doc id="18533503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533503" title="Joseph Hagerty">
Joseph Hagerty

Joseph "Joe" Hagerty (born April 19, 1982 in Albuquerque, New Mexico) is an American artistic gymnast. He is the 2008 U.S. national champion on the horizontal bar and the 2008 all-around bronze medalist. He was a member of the bronze medal-winning 2008 U.S. Olympic team.
A native of Rio Rancho, New Mexico, Hagerty currently lives and trains at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
In March 2011, Hagerty announced his retirement from gymnastics.
He is now currently performing as one of the Tumble Monkeys in the Festival of the Lion King at Disney's Animal Kingdom in Walt Disney World.

</doc>
<doc id="18533505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533505" title="Luis Miguel del Risco">
Luis Miguel del Risco

Luis Miguel del Risco (born September 7, 1989 in Barranquilla Colombia) is a professional Italo-Colombian soccer player. He currently plays as defender for Expreso Rojo. From 2008 to 2010 he also played for Millionarios in the Copa Mustang.

</doc>
<doc id="18533532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533532" title="Oleh Rodin">
Oleh Rodin

Oleh Dmytrovych Rodin (, ; born April 6, 1956 in Moscow) is a retired Soviet football player. He was one of the very few players who got called up to the USSR national team from a Soviet First League (second level) club team.
International career.
Rodin made his debut for USSR on November 21, 1979 in a friendly against West Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18533547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533547" title="Only in America (song)">
Only in America (song)

"Only in America" is a song recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn. It was released in June 2001 as the second single from the album "Steers & Stripes". Kix Brooks, one-half of the duo, co-wrote the song with Don Cook and Ronnie Rogers, although it features Ronnie Dunn on lead vocals. "Only in America" was also the second of three consecutive Number One hits from that album, reaching its peak on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts for the week of October 27, 2001.
Content.
"Only in America" is an up-tempo in the keys of E and F major (the song transposes upward before the final chorus), accompanied largely by electric guitar. Its lyrics outline the lives of various people across the United States — a school bus driver and her bus full of children in the first verse, and a pair of newlyweds (a 'welder's son and a banker's daughter') in their limousine in the second verse — before observing in the chorus that "only in America" do such people "get to dream as big as want to".
Music video.
The music video was filmed on June 12, 2001 and was directed by Michael Merriman. It was filmed in "The Gorge Amphitheatre" in Quincy, Washington. It features a shot of New York City and the former World Trade Center towers.
Reception.
Although the song was recorded and released several months before the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Brooks feels that the song got grouped in with other, similarly patriotic songs which were released in response to the attacks. The song was also featured in the beginning of the Oliver Stone film World Trade Center. "Rolling Stone" reviewer Andrew Dansby described the song was an "advertisement waiting to happen". Chris Neal of "Country Weekly" called the song a "flag-waving opener" to "Steers & Stripes", but nonetheless made note of the song's "rock-solid riff".
"Only in America" was used extensively during president George W. Bush's successful 2004 re-election campaign. It has been used extensively on the Campaign trail, John Kerry also had it played at the Democratic National Convention in 2004. The song also played when Obama announced Joe Biden as his vice president in Springfield, Illinois in 2008. It was also featured after Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama's acceptance speech in Denver on August 28, 2008 and has been used at campaign events in Obama's 2012 reelection campaign. "Only in America" has been used often in campaign events for Newt Gingrich in his bid to receive the 2012 Republican Presidential Nomination. Scott Walker (R-WI) also used the song after his first speech when he survived a Gubernatorial recall on June 5, 2012. Mitt Romney also uses the song in many of his political rallies.
Chart positions.
"Only in America" debuted at number 54 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart for the week of June 23, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18533555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533555" title="Leon Campbell (American football)">
Leon Campbell (American football)

Leon L. Campbell (July 1, 1927September 2, 2002) was an American football fullback who played five seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Baltimore Colts, the Chicago Bears, and the Pittsburgh Steelers. Campbell played college football at the University of Arkansas before being a 2nd round selection (15th overall pick) in the 1950 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="18533558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533558" title="Melinda and Melinda (soundtrack)">
Melinda and Melinda (soundtrack)

Melinda and Melinda is the soundtrack from the 2005 film of the same name directed by Woody Allen. It mostly features a selection of swing music and big band tracks, which is typical for Allen's films.

</doc>
<doc id="18533564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533564" title="Interplay Europe">
Interplay Europe

Interplay Europe is one of the most important festivals for young playwrights in Europe.
It is organized by Interplay; an international, not-for-profit arts organisation for the furtherance of young playwrights aged 18 to 26. It was founded in Sydney in 1985. Every two years Interplay organises the largest and most prestigious festival of its kind, World Interplay, in Australia. 
Every other year a European country hosts Interplay Europe. The first Interplay Europe was held in 1995. in Berlin and Interplay Europe e.V became official in 1998, which was also in Berlin. 
Participants from all over Europe discuss their plays for two inspiring, practical and creative weeks in classes, workshops, forums and events with experienced international tutors. Through workshops and small-scale productions, they have the opportunity to improve their work. Interplay also supports international youth exchange and seeks to contribute to better understanding between nations. 
Interplay Festivals are held in order to: 
Alumni.
Many highly respected and international award winning European playwrights started their career with Interplay. For example: Ivana Sajko and Tena Stivicic from Croatia, Katharina Schlender and Kristo Šagor from Germany, Ali Taylor and Sarah Kane from the UK, Esther Gerritsen from the Netherlands, Vera Filo and Anna Haraszti from Hungary, Darja Stocker and Simon Froehling from Switzerland or Ignacio Pajón Leyra and Antonio Rojano from Spain.
Interplay festival 2006..
Date: 18 June-25 June
Town: Schaan
Country: Liechtenstein
DELEGATIONS
Bulgaria: Ana Vaseva
Croatia: Nora Krstulovic (tutor), Maja Sviben
England: Ola Animashawun (tutor), Daniel Stathis Barker, Tinuke Asher Craig, Hannah Dee
Germany: Henning Fangauf (tutor), Kristo Šagor (tutor), Martin Kordic, Frauke Scheffler
Hungary: Judit Cziraki (tutor), Marianna Koncz
Latvia: Inta Bernova (tutor), Gunita Grosa, Eliza Sternberga, Daina Tabuna
Liechtenstein: Patrick Boltshauser (tutor), Peter Beck, Caroline Herfert
Netherlands: Jurrie Kwant (tutor), Hubert Roza (tutor), Maaike Johanna Bergstra, Radna Diels, Florian Pieter van Kuijk
Norway: Kim Atle Hansen
Scotland: Alan Wilkins (playwright) (tutor), Rachel Lynn Brody, Lewis Hetherington
Slovakia: Vanda Feriacova (tutor), Diana Kacarova, Pavol Kohut
Slovenia: Dragica Potocnjak (tutor), Sasa Rakef
Spain: Antonio Rojano, Ignacio Pajón Leyra
Switzerland: Miriam Ehlers (tutor), Anna Papst, Laura de Weck
Turkey: Hasan Erkek (tutor), Fatma Kandemir
Interplay festival 2008..
Date: 5 July-13 July
Town: Utrecht
Country: Netherlands
DELEGATIONS 
Australia:Lachlan Philpot (tutor), Adam Mitchell (tutor), Anna Barnes 
Croatia: Ivor Martinić 
Denmark:
Janicke Branth (tutor),
Kristin Auestad Danielsen,
Julie Maj Jacobsen,
Caroline Cecilie Malling Joergensen,
Katrine Hald Troensegaard,
Brian Wind-Hansen,
Thomas Markmann 
England:
Phil G. Davies,
Rosa Connor,
Issy McCann 
France:
Adeline Picault,
Alban Ketelbuters 
Germany:
Henning Fangauf (tutor),
Kristo Sagor (tutor),
Azar Mortazavi-Manesh,
Roman Senkl 
Greece:
Chara Bakonikola (tutor),
Paraskevi Pouli,
Marina Danezi
Hungary:
Upor Laszlo (tutor),
Márton Kiss 
Iceland:
Thordis Elva Thorvaldsdottir (tutor),
Tyrfingur Tyrfingsson 
Latvia:
Lauris Gundars (tutor),
Elvijs Cakans,
Inga Liepa 
Netherlands:
Jurrie Kwant (tutor),
Don Duyns (tutor),
Gijsje Kooter (tutor),
Jannemieke Caspers,
Michiel Lieuwma,
Malou De Roy van Zuydewijn,
Babiche Ronday,
Jelmer Soes,
Anna Maria Versloot,
Milou Brockhus,
Esther Duysker,
Timen Jan Veenstra 
Poland:
Aneta Wróbel-Wojtyszko (tutor),
Ewa Wikiel,
Sylwia Wojas 
Russia:
Benjamin Slivkin (tutor),
Yulia Yakovleva,
Dmitry Egorov 
Scotland:
Alan Wilkins (playwright) (tutor),
Joanne Toner,
Jonathan Whiteside 
Spain:
Ignacio Pajón Leyra 
Sweden:
Dag Thelander 
Switzerland:
Simon Froehling (tutor),
Noo Steffen 
Turkey:
Hasan Erkek (tutor),
Cigdem Yildirem,
Huseyin Gucumen

</doc>
<doc id="18533565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533565" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in the Democratic Republic of the Congo">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in the Democratic Republic of the Congo

The Roman Catholic Church in the Democratic Republic of the Congo is composed of 6 ecclesiastical provinces and 40 suffragan dioceses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18533566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533566" title="Peculator hedleyi">
Peculator hedleyi

Peculator hedleyi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutomitridae, the mitres.

</doc>
<doc id="18533585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533585" title="Florencia Lozano">
Florencia Lozano

Florencia Lozano (born December 16, 1969) is an American actress. She has starred as character Téa Delgado on the daytime series "One Life to Live", often receiving praise for the portrayal, as the character emerged as one of the genre's most prominent heroines.
Lozano has guest-starred in several prime time television shows, as well as film.
Early life.
Florencia Lozano was born in Princeton, New Jersey, to Eduardo, an architect, and Elizabeth, a Spanish teacher from Argentina. She grew up in Newton Centre, Massachusetts, and received her B.A. from Brown University, before moving to New York City to earn her M.F.A. degree at New York University's Graduate Acting Program at the Tisch School of the Arts. Lozano's regional theater credits include "Yerma", "Antigone", "Hamlet", "Caucasian Chalk Circle", among others.
Career.
Lozano landed the role of tough-as-nails attorney Téa Delgado in December 1996 on the daytime drama "One Life to Live", and first aired on January 27, 1997. The character became one of soap opera's most popular creations, and earned Lozano a loyal following. In 2002, almost two years after her departure from the series, Lozano was still receiving a significant amount of fan mail for her portrayal of the character. "I so appreciate that love coming at me," she said. "The response to Téa still overwhelms me." She further relayed, "I left because I wanted to try other things. I really want to do more theater, film and television other than the soap. When you're doing a soap, it is really hard to do other things. It just takes so much of your time."
During her tenure on "One Life to Live", Lozano was in an Off Broadway play called "Lick" in June 1999; from August to September 2000, she appeared in "Love’s Labor Lost", a Shakespearean play produced out of Berkeley in Orinda, CA. In addition to her popularity with soap opera fans, Lozano was named one of "Daytime's Hardest Working Women" by About.com, and titled one of soap opera's "Most Beautiful Women" by magazine "Soap Opera Update".
After leaving daytime, Lozano moved on to prime time television and film; some of her television credits include ', ', "Gossip Girl" and "Lipstick Jungle". Of her prime time transition to film, Lozano stated, "I’m playing homicide detectives a lot," referring to her roles in "Perfect Stranger" and "The Ministers". "I don’t know why," she added, "but I love it!"
To prepare for the roles, Lozano – who had lived in Manhattan for 15 years – visited the homicide division of her local police precinct. "I’ve been hanging out with cops, and they’ve been so wonderful," she said. "One of them, Irma Rivera, and I have become friends. She introduced me to a firearms instructor who showed me how to shoot a machine gun, and she took me up to the NYPD training village." Prepared, Lozano portrayed Lieutenant Karen Tejada in the April 13, 2007 release of "Perfect Stranger". "I interrogate Halle Berry and I end up arresting Bruce Willis," Lozano relayed. The storyline centers around Berry’s character going undercover to solve a friend’s murder, but gets caught up in the world of obsessive on-line life. "It’s very mysterious and full of intrigue," stated Lozano. Acting with prominent film stars was a "rewarding experience" for Lozano. "Halle is so gorgeous," she stated, "and she has a very beautiful energy about her. She was fun to play with, open to ideas, and willing to try new stuff and really excited." Lozano said, "Bruce was fun, too, in a different way. He let me push him around and manhandle him. I was surprised."
When Lozano acquired the lead role in "The Ministers", opposite John Leguizamo and Harvey Keitel, she was again prepared. Filmed in February 2007, the crime thriller is about a female NYPD detective (Lozano) who tries to avenge the murder of her police officer father by what she presumed to be a cult. But unwittingly, she falls for one of the killers (Leguizamo) in the process. "Harvey plays my partner – he used to be my father’s partner," Lozano stated. A fan of Leguizamo, Lozano was excited to work with him. "He was cracking jokes, and we were always busting on each other," said Lozano. "I felt really comfortable with him."
The opportunity to carry a film was a longtime goal for Lozano, who enjoyed the experience. "It’s really a great feeling when your dreams come true. It may sound cheesy but I was like, ‘Wow, I got what I wanted!’" she stated. "My training in theater and daytime really paid off – I have never appreciated being on a soap as much as I do now, because we moved very fast on this movie."
Lozano still looks to do more theater and is also pursuing television opportunities. Queried on whether she would ever reprise her role of Téa on "One Life to Live", she stated, "I will never close any door, especially not a door that has been so wonderful for me to walk through."
In September 2008, "Soap Opera Weekly" reported Lozano's return to "One Life to Live"; she reprised her role as Téa in December 2008 and would play the character until the shows finale in January 2012. In the meantime, she guest starred on "Ugly Betty", portraying Penelope Del Rios in the episode "Filing for the Enemy".
In March 2012, "Soap Opera Digest" reported that Lozano would be bringing her "One Life to Live" character to "General Hospital" the week of May 7, 2012. Her debut aired May 9, and she last appeared on December 3.
Personal life.
Lozano is a trained dancer, whose talents range from ballet to jazz, modern and flamenco. She became romantically involved with Christopher Welch in 1997, who was later featured in the 2002 Broadway revival of "The Crucible". While New York theater plays kept Lozano and Welch busy, Lozano planned to stay on the East Coast. "I went to California, and I realized that while I could work out there, I could never live there," she stated. "There's just something that feels like home about New York. And there is something about theater that just feels so satisfying. is really what I love to do."

</doc>
<doc id="18533586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533586" title="J. R. Cohu">
J. R. Cohu

Jean Rougier Cohu (generally known as J. R. Cohu) was an Anglican priest, school headmaster and author.
Biography.
Cohu was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, obtaining a first-class degree in Literae Humaniores in 1880. He was a Fellow of Jesus College from 1882 to 1890. He taught at Dulwich College as sixth-form master for a year, and was headmaster of Plymouth College for a time before becoming headmaster of Richmond, North Yorkshire Grammar School (1884 to 1890). He was appointed rector of Remenham in 1890, moving to Aston Clinton in 1904, a position he held until his retirement in 1930. He published a number of books on biblical subjects, including "Vital Problems of Religion" (1914), described in his obituary as "a clear and attractive discussion of some of the great problems underlying spiritual experience in the light of the best available modern thought."

</doc>
<doc id="18533595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533595" title="Téa Delgado">
Téa Delgado

Téa Francesca Delgado (formerly Manning) is a fictional character originated on the American daytime drama "One Life to Live". The role was portrayed by Florencia Lozano from January 27, 1997 to March 2, 2000 and briefly in 2002; Lozano returned to the role once again on December 5, 2008 and remained through the original television finale aired January 13, 2012. In April 2012, it was announced that Lozano would become the latest "One Life to Live" actress to head west to "General Hospital" with her alter ego. Scheduled to premiere in May, with Roger Howarth (Todd Manning) returning with her, she premiered on the series on May 9, 2012, last appearing December 3, 2012. Lozano reprised the role when new daily episodes of "One Life to Live" debuted on Hulu, iTunes, and FX Canada via The Online Network April 29, 2013.
A stern but passionate personality, the character has been described as having "set the small screen ablaze" during her time on "One Life to Live." She became one of the show's most popular characters, as well as part of one of soap opera's most popular romances for her complex and volatile pairing with resident bad boy Todd Manning.
Background.
Character creation and portrayal.
Téa Delgado was designed as the "tough-talking, yet soft-hearted attorney" of the series. The writers gave her a fragile personality, layering her as someone capable of showing great love and who is also "dying to be loved herself". One moment, Téa is seen as fiery and enraged; the next, she is witnessed as being soft-spoken and understanding. Having perfected these aspects of the character when paired with Roger Howarth's Todd Manning, actress Florencia Lozano acknowledged Howarth's help. "He's not an actor who's in his own world," she said. Todd had been romantically involved with Blair Cramer for some time already, and his divorce from her and custody pursuit of his daughter, Starr, soon positioned Lozano's character as a new love interest for Todd.
The pace of the soap opera was at times overwhelming for Lozano, and she looked for a way to manage this. "I try to keep feeding the fire, feeding some of the emotional stuff that Téa had to go through," she stated. "It's tiring because, on some level, I have to go there. I have to feel sad. I don't know any other way to do it." When detailing what she thinks about in order to produce onscreen tears, a query she often receives from fans, Lozano stated, "Well...things that would make me cry. It's hard sometimes, but also it feels good when I feel like I portrayed something honestly." Having a good grasp on who Téa is provided Lozano with enough room to "make things up" even while keeping her character true to form. In addition, she looked to make each scene unique. "That's the thing about acting," she said. "When you're rehearsing over and over, how do you make it new every time? Well, it is new every time because it's the first time you've done it that time." Lozano saw each take as an opportunity to improve, rather than as something to be annoyed by, stating, "I love it when we screw up, because we get another chance to do it, and every time it's a different scene." Lozano added, however, that she does enjoy perfecting her scenes. "It makes me really happy when I feel like I kicked ass in a scene," she stated.
Not every character action was originally in the script. "A lot of the times," Lozano noted, "someone make me laugh, and then my next line [would be about responding to that. Any number of things happen, which are usually the best moments. I [wanted to be open to that. But it's hard, too, because I [didn't] want to screw up my lines." She further relayed, "There are many times when I think I didn't get a scene. When you don't feel anything, it's frustrating. I'm less hard on myself because I realize how difficult what we do is. But, as an actor, you hope that you go in there and get caught up in the moment. I think, self-indulgently, that's why we become actors in the first place — to feel things."
Todd and Téa.
"One Life to Live" viewers originally resisted Todd being paired with anyone but Blair. Téa Delgado not only did not have any history with Todd, "she was breaking up "One Life to Live's" most popular (if unorthodox) duo". It was Lozano's "consistently strong and convincing portrayal" of Téa as the tough but soft attorney that won viewers over. Viewers saw immediate chemistry between Howarth and Lozano.
Todd and Téa's marriage is at first nothing more than a business deal; Todd offers Téa to be his wife and lawyer for $5 million to ensure custody of his daughter (Starr). He is out for revenge against ex-wife Blair, feeling she ruined his chances at happiness when he "came back from the dead" and discovered her having sex with Patrick Thornhart (Thorsten Kaye) on the floor of the penthouse he once shared with her. It is after this Todd shuts down emotionally, almost completely. He subsequently only shows kindness to his daughter and his sister (Victoria Lord), and occasionally to children. "Téa being Todd's wife often put her in conflict with wife No. 1 and No. 2 — Blair." During one "heated" confrontation, the women's argument becomes physical. Lozano stated, "I'll never forget the time I crashed out the window. Kassie DePaiva (Blair) had to push me, and she was so nervous about really hurting me that I actually had to calm her down."
With Téa in his life, the writers had the emotional walls Todd had built around himself slowly collapse. Téa is the one who makes Todd's heart "grow at least two sizes bigger" during their union. While Todd's tough bravado and insensitivity are lessened in Téa's presence, his reluctance to be sexually intimate becomes a prominent obstacle for the couple. After having felt betrayed by Blair with Patrick, Todd not only has trouble letting another woman into his psyche but also into his bed. This factor often causes Téa to be sexually frustrated while near Todd. Though they have agreed to keep their relationship platonic, she finds him sexually attractive and starts to desire him romantically. The writers often emphasized this, at one point having Téa strip down naked in front of Todd and plead for him to make love to her, to which Todd painfully and angrily throws her out of their penthouse into the cold. He explains his reaction as being more about not being ready than actually rejecting Téa.
Todd and Téa's romance was written as tempestuous, star-crossed, loving and abusive. The pairing would go from almost making love one minute, to verbally abusing each other the next. Physical abuse takes place in one instance when Todd is on the run from the police and proceeds to kidnap Téa; he punches her out when she implies he will rape her as he had done to Marty Saybrooke (Susan Haskell) years earlier; Téa later knocks Todd out with a shovel to escape. However, during these scenes, the characters' love for each other continues to show; Todd releases a monstrous scream after knocking Téa unconscious and relaxing her body on a chair in front of him, and Téa is seen to seemingly sexually desire Todd even while having tied him up after her attack on him. A disappointed Téa calling Todd a rapist after his kidnapping of her and his broken promises is a breaking point for Todd. She is the one woman, besides Viki, and one of the few people, to believe in him. Her giving indication she now sees him as his enemies do is as much a slight to his well-being as anything physical. "Téa called Todd a rapist," Lozano explained. "By saying out loud that he's a rapist, it was the only way she could push him away. She needed those weapons, both verbal and emotional, to cut the tie because it had been so strong."
When working alongside Howarth, Lozano never felt as though she was simply reciting lines. She said, "I feel like we're just talking, listening and responding to each other. And that makes it relatively easy to concentrate. I feel like we're connecting." She called on her imagination, adding, "I do a lot of substituting. I think, 'What if Todd were a real person in my life?' The situations are so dramatic that in some ways it's easy to feel worked up."
Further differentiating Todd and Téa from other couples on the series was the application of theme music. Dark, sad but romantic theme music was applied to the pairing. Composer David Nichtern explained the emotion he wanted to convey. "This was kind of as close as we get to Todd 'romantic' music," he said. "It's still dark and mysterious, but has the possibility of a little sensuality and romance. I worked on these cues with my pal Kevin Bents (who does a lot of the keyboard work on the show) but when it came time for the demented variations, I just had to be alone (just kidding)."
Though Todd never expects to fall in love with Téa, he does. The marriage of convenience takes the characters on unexpected turns, both with intense feelings for each other. However, Todd struggles with his feelings for her based on his own troubled past and childhood. His obsession with destroying the Buchanan family (his sworn enemies, with the exception of a few) becomes too much for Téa to take. With Téa ready to divorce him, Todd soon "develops" split personalities in order to keep Téa in his life and get out of going to prison for holding 14 people hostage (the day he also kidnapped her). Téa begins to fall in love with Todd's "good alters". The writers had the couple divorce as part of Todd's defense strategy, but remarry after he was cleared of kidnapping charges More heartbreak follows once Téa discovers he is faking his split personality disorder. Though the couple again reunite in 2000 and in 2002, they never manage to stay together for long. Téa returns to town in 2008, with the fact they share a daughter named Danielle.
While characters on the series have struggled to understand Téa's love for Todd, the writers have made the pairing's love story detailed enough in its complexity for viewers to comprehend.
Storylines.
1997–99.
When legal eagle Téa Delgado (Lozano) first sets foot in Llanview as one of its feistiest lawyers, it is due to a woman named Carlotta Vega (Patricia Mauceri) having asked her to come help defend Antonio Vega (Kamar de los Reyes). Antonio — Carlotta's son — has been charged with the murder of Carlo Hesser (Thom Christopher). Carlotta is naturally set on saving her son from prison. Téa helps clear Antonio of charges, meanwhile engaging in an intimate relationship with Kevin Buchanan (then portrayed by Kevin Stapleton, later Timothy Gibbs). She soon sets out to gain a job alongside Nora Buchanan (Hillary B. Smith). Nora declines to hire Téa. Téa, however, is determined to show Nora her law skills, even going so far as to seek to have Antonio's previous murder conviction be overturned. Téa succeeds in her goal of overturning Antonio's murder conviction. It is not long before Todd Manning (Howarth) notices her, seeing the asset in having her work for him. He hires Téa to defend Alex Olanov (Tonja Walker), and Téa is able to get Alex off without any prison time. Todd is further intrigued by Téa, just as Téa's romantic relationship with Kevin is about to end. Subsequently, she moves into an apartment with Rachel Gannon (then portrayed by Sandra P. Grant).
Blair Cramer (DePaiva), Todd's ex-wife, is injured in a car accident. While in rehab, she finds out it was Todd who set the explosion that blew up the Armitage yacht, killing Guy Armitage. The news triggers a stroke. She eventually falls into a coma. After being told by Blair's doctors she will not awaken from the coma, Todd takes action. Anxious to make sure his ex-wife's aunt, Dorian Lord (Robin Strasser), will not win custody of his daughter Starr (Kristen Alderson), Todd offers Téa five million dollars to marry him and to be his lawyer in the custody battle. Téa is flabbergasted; she never had much money. She agrees to the deal. While Blair is comatose, Téa gets full custody of Starr for Todd.
Months of emotional closeness follow for Todd and Téa, and Téa realizes she has developed romantic feelings for Todd. Todd, however, keeps Téa emotionally at a distance after realizing he, too, is harboring romantic feelings for her. Téa turns to Andrew Carpenter (Wortham Krimmer) for comfort and for the type of intimacy Todd will not give her. She had tried to seduce Todd into having sex with her, but he violently threw her out. Téa, though, quickly reasons she cannot have sex with Andrew because she is in love with Todd. Despite Téa's feelings for Todd, she asks Todd for a divorce. Todd refuses the divorce and is able to get Téa to agree to a four week-trial reconciliation.
Todd finally proposes to Téa. She happily accepts. Their happiness, however, is brief. Todd soon becomes a suspect in the murder of a woman named Georgie Phillips. He panics, and holds everyone suspected of killing Georgie (even ones not so suspected, such as his own sister, Viki) hostage at the Buchanan Lodge to get the murderer to confess. Rachel finally confesses to Georgie's murder. Todd runs off, trying to elude the police looking to arrest him. Téa follows Todd. She hopes she can reason with him, but he grabs her and forces her to come with him against her will. He takes her to the garden shed at Llanfair. When Téa verbally lashes out at Todd and mentions his rape of Marty Saybrooke (Haskell), Todd temporarily loses control of his temper and hits Téa. He then ties her up. The two continue to banter when she awakens, even sharing a brief kiss. Téa uses Todd's desire and love for her to trick him into untying her from the ropes binding her arms and legs. She knocks Todd out with a shovel, and later has him arrested, to which a betrayed Todd painfully utters, "Oh, Téa".
Todd escapes soon after being locked in a jail cell. He seeks out his daughter to say goodbye to her, and corners Téa in a cabana. There, the two discuss Todd's inability to make love to her. When Todd tries to initiate sex with her in response to this, Téa rejects him, saying it is too late. He should have trusted her more with his heart and his body. Todd becomes loud. The cops overhear, immediately encircling the building. Sam Rappaport (Kale Browne), Todd's former mentor and longtime father-figure, goes in to talk to Todd. He learns Todd was raped at age 14 by adoptive father Peter Manning. When Sam tries to introduce that fact in court, Todd collapses and goes into a catatonic state. When he awakens, he appears to have dissociative identity disorder (DID) (split personalities), like his sister Viki Lord (Erika Slezak). The personality called Tom, a more childlike and gentle personality, is in control and is determined to have Téa give him a second chance. She eventually admits she is still in love with Todd. More personalities show themselves later. A split personality named Pete is seen as being responsible for all of Todd's cruelest misdeeds. After an apparent "integration" of Todd's newfound "alters", Todd and Téa soon marry again. At the reception, Starr unknowingly has a tape played over the country club's loud speakers where Todd is heard confessing he has been faking the DID to avoid criminal prosecution. This happens as Todd and Téa are in the process of making love. Téa is naturally furious with Todd and leaves him to face off with Sam and Viki. Todd soon after kidnaps Téa and traps her in their "honeymoon" room. She screams at the top of her lungs that he was supposed to truly love her. Todd says he does love her, but he cannot change. Téa tells him to "get the hell" out of her life. He leaves. The room is set on fire, however, when Téa throws an object at one of the lit candles in the room. She tries to escape, but the door is jammed. Téa almost dies; Todd, with Sam at his side, is able to save her.
Todd prepares to leave town, but not before trying to convince Téa to come with him by leaving a letter for her in which somewhat expresses his feelings. Téa tears up the letter, refusing to return to Todd. Once back at Todd's empty penthouse on a mission to rid it of all of her belongings, her emotions get the best of her. She breaks down in memory of her past with Todd. Before Todd leaves, Sam asks Todd if he was truly raped as a young teenager. Todd's answer is ambiguous. The two share an emotional goodbye. Later in 1999, Téa files for divorce.
2000, 2002.
In February 2000, Todd reappears in Llanview intent on taking Téa away with him. He visits with his daughter and gives her a note for Téa. Téa is reluctant to meet with Todd, but she does, at Viki's cabin. When he informs her he caused a gas leak, played mind games on the people of Llanview and he was the one who had recently shot a gun at R.J. Gannon (Timothy D. Stickney), Téa's new boyfriend, due to his jealousy, all while having secretly watched her for months, Téa is beyond appalled. It is not until Todd tells her he had "been all over the world" trying to erase her from his mind and he could not, that she begins to understand his train of thought; it was his way of showing how deep his love runs for her. "You did all of this to prove your love to me," she says. Todd brushes off the notion of typical love, as he had made his devotion known earlier, when he told her, "For you...I'd make the world end." He begs Téa to leave town with him, and although frustrated that Todd refuses to take this time to make love to her, Téa finally takes Todd's hand and leaves with him to start a new life.
In June 2000, Todd returns to Llanview, stating Téa left him. He soon seeks to once again start a romantic life with Blair. After much manipulation, he does. The two continue to have their ups and downs, though. Téa returns to town in 2002 for a brief visit. When she visits Todd, it is evident he is still hurt by her having left him. However, Todd has bigger problems. Blair is furious with him for his latest misdeeds, and has hired bodyguards to keep him away from their children. She and Sam secretly take the family away to Hawaii to get away from Todd, but the bodyguards are working for Todd. He follows them to Hawaii and plans to kidnap the kids. He runs into Téa there. Téa warns Blair about Todd's plans. Blair is able to bring Starr and Jack safely back to Llanview. Todd and Téa, meanwhile, are shipwrecked on a deserted island due to Todd's plan to kidnap his children having gone awry. They are not alone. Ross Rayburn, a man Todd had hired to help him with the kidnapping, is also stuck on the island with them, resulting in a love triangle as he and Todd vy for Téa's affections. Todd spies Téa kissing Ross and decides to leave the island alone. As he prepares for his voyage, Téa shows up and tells Todd she is in love with him and "it" has always been him for her. A wave of emotions come over Todd, and he tells Téa he wants to be with her as well. The two soon make love for the first time, but a change in the weather threatens to ruin the couple's newfound happiness. During this time, Téa painfully realizes Todd is still in love with Blair when she sees he has kept a picture of her, though having earlier sworn he was through with that part of his life. Though hurt by this realization, Téa gives her blessing for Todd to romantically reunite with Blair. Desperate to get home to his family, Todd risks his life by getting on a makeshift raft and rowing out into the sea. He washes up on a beach in Guam, and from there makes his way back to Llanview. Téa and Ross are later rescued.
2008–12.
Téa returns on December 5, 2008 to visit Todd (then portrayed by Trevor St. John), who is incarcerated due to imprisoning an amnesiac Marty for months. Téa begs him to let her help him, but he refuses. Todd eventually changes his mind, but Téa has an ulterior motive for returning to Llanview. She seeks to prove her other client, Ray Montez, had been framed for the murder of his first wife by the real killer, his second wife Vanessa (the real killer later turns out to be Ray's daughter, Lola).
Téa goes head-to-head with Nora in court, forcing Marty to admit on the stand she had not been literally held against her will. All the charges are dropped, but a furious Starr announces to the court her father had planned to steal her baby after birth before she could give it up for adoption. With Starr and corrupt nurse Lee Halpern as witnesses, the case seems solid. However, Téa plays upon Starr's worsening guilt over sending her own father to prison, and she changes her testimony. Next, Téa finds Todd standing over a murdered Lee in his own house; Téa tells the police she killed Lee in self-defense. The police do not believe Téa to be guilty of the murder. With all evidence lost, Todd is cleared. With the threat of prosecution removed, Todd finally confesses to Marty and Starr his crimes against them. At Llanview's Go Red Ball, Todd and Téa get into a six-way altercation with John McBain, Blair, Marty, and a mysterious man named Wes Granger, who Marty has been staying with for the past few days. During the brawl, Wes pulls a knife on Todd. Later that night, Wes is found dead beside Marty, and she is accused. Although Marty is charged, it is also thought Todd may be the true killer. Next, when Blair is found stabbed in her shower, Todd is arrested, as he was the first to find her. When Téa has become sick of Todd supposedly involved in every crime that comes up and of feeling she currently ranks third in comparison to Todd's former lovers (Blair and Marty), she quits as his lawyer.
Téa accepts Dorian's offer to represent Blair, who has just awoken from a coma, in a custody battle against Todd. She comes up with the "ultimate plan" — to get John to marry Blair to keep the kids away from Todd; the plan is successful in court. To get his kids back in turn, Todd comes up with a plan to seduce Téa. Although she turns him down, Todd is successful in getting her to have sex with him weeks later. Afterward, Todd thinks this signifies Téa's willingness to help him in his custody battle against Blair. Téa, however, reveals she has just "played" him. The next day, Todd learns John has been arrested, and heads to court to use this to win custody of his kids. Téa stalls Todd with a kiss and tells him she is just trying to keep him from getting to the judge. They have sex in the empty courtroom. Marty walks in afterward. Téa is upset when Todd runs after Marty, so she uses R.J. to make Todd jealous. It works. She and Todd end up sleeping together after Téa's date with R.J., and again on the morning of Todd and Blair's custody trial.
In May 2009, Powell Lord turns out to be the serial killer suspected of most of the recent town murders and Blair's stabbing. He and Rebecca Lewis, kidnap Todd, Blair and Téa. In a boiler room of the chosen kidnapping site, Blair and Téa believe they will die. Due to this, they reveal to each other Todd is the love of both their lives. Téa has an even deeper secret to tell Blair, but is not able to when Blair passes out. They later survive the kidnapping. Todd and Téa become especially close. In August, Blair suspects Téa is hiding something and hires Rex Balsom to investigate the time Téa was absent from Llanview. It is discovered she is married to Ross Rayburn. Ross seems to give Téa a divorce. Todd proposes marriage to Téa; Téa accepts, and they wed in October. She tells Todd how much she loves him as well and she never wants to lose him. Todd and Téa have a honeymoon night while Blair contemplates how to reveal to Todd his marriage to Téa is invalid. Todd does not believe her at first, but does after making calls. When Todd confronts Téa about it, he feels their relationship is over. As Téa suggests Ross and Blair must have somehow schemed to keep the divorce papers from being signed and she can sign them now and for Todd to give her another chance, Todd tells her no and it no longer matters. He screams he fell in love with and became a better person for her but he now believes she is more "rot" than he is. Téa leaves heartbroken and sets off to confront Blair.
Blair and Téa argue over the matter. Blair wonders what Téa is truly hiding. Téa admits she has been hiding the fact she has a child; guessing Todd is the father, Blair tries to force Téa to tell him, but Téa accidentally pushes Blair out of her bedroom window. Téa reveals to Rachel she and Todd share a daughter named Daniella and she only found out recently with a DNA test. Téa, aboard a plane to London to meet up with her daughter, tells Eli Clarke her daughter is Todd's and not Ross's. Eventually, Todd learns of Danielle's existence and desires to be a part of her life. However, after witnessing Todd shoot Ross, Danielle wants nothing to do with him. For the sake of her daughter, Téa ends her romance with Todd, but tries to push her daughter and Todd to have some kind of relationship.
Téa is diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor, after collapsing in court. She conceals her condition from Danielle. She then goes to court to get Todd off, for the charge of pushing a pregnant Marty down a flight of stairs and causing her to miscarry, so Todd can care for Danielle after she dies. Then, as luck would have it, Blair learns of Téa's condition and, places their differences aside to be by Téa's side. Subsequently, Blair convinces Téa to seek medical treatment for her tumor, which Téa initially protests, but eventually gives in. Shortly thereafter, Blair takes Téa to her first radiation treatment. Blair promises to make sure Danielle is a part of her family, once Téa dies, and she comforts Téa. Weeks later, Téa calls Blair over to ask Blair to be Danielle's legal guardian in case something happens to Todd; Blair promises to always be there for Danielle. Blair and Téa share a goodbye with a montage of some of their history together. When Todd and Danielle learned of her condition, and upon learning it was fatal, they protested Téa is not trying to save herself. With the limited time they believe they have left, Téa and Todd re-marry for a fourth time. The next day, Téa tells Todd and Danielle she has checked herself into a hospice. She asks Blair to be a mom to Danielle. Days later, Téa arrives at the hospice St. Kitts and is looked after by Dr. Greg Evans and Shaun Evans. Téa supposedly dies on August 27, 2010. Todd and Dani fly over to St. Kitts to see Téa once more, but, once they arrive, they are told by Greg that Téa had died the night before. Todd and Dani return home to Llanview and go through her belongings. Then Dani's friends and Todd's family pay their respects to Téa. Later, Todd receives a vase in the mail from St. Kitts with Téa's ashes inside it.
Téa was later seen alive in a hospital room and Dr. Greg Evans attempts to tell Téa she is okay, but is stopped by Eli Clarke. When Téa wakes from her coma, Greg tells her she is not dying. Téa escapes from the clinic only to be kidnapped by Eli. Téa is shocked to learn Eli has also kidnapped Starr, Hope, and Dani. Starr and Hope escape. The police arrive to save Téa and Dani, but Eli causes an explosion in the warehouse; Téa and Dani survive and are reunited with Todd. In August 2011, it was revealed the man Téa was married to was actually Todd's twin brother Victor Lord Jr. and the real Todd Manning had been imprisoned for the last eight years. When the truth is revealed, Téa assures Victor he is the man she loves even though he isn't really Todd Manning. The two make love. Victor is shot by an unknown assailant and later dies in Téa's arms. Téa believes Todd when he said he didn't kill Victor and defends him, Starr and her brother, Tomás. Téa gets Todd and Starr off and they are only sentenced to community service. In October, Téa thinks she might be pregnant with Victor's baby; a pregnancy test further confirms that Téa is indeed pregnant. On January 13, 2012, it is revealed that Téa's husband Victor Lord Jr. is alive and is secretly being held captive by Allison Perkins.
In May 2012, a heavily pregnant Téa arrives in Port Charles, the setting of "General Hospital", to provide legal counsel to Starr, who had held mobster Sonny Corinthos at gun point. Téa quickly discloses that she was hired by Blair. On June 1, she collapses in the parking garage and is found by Todd, and goes into labor. Todd crashes their car off the road during a rainstorm and delivers Téa's baby, a boy, in the rain. When the baby is born, he is not crying and Todd takes the baby and goes for help. Todd runs into Heather Webber, who in turn says the baby is unable to be saved. As Todd goes to tell Téa the unfortunate news, he discovers Sam Morgan lying unconscious with her own healthy newborn son nearby. As Todd attempts to return Sam's baby to her, Téa arrives and falsely assumes the baby is hers. Heather then leaves Téa's stillborn son in place of Sam's. Todd later returns Téa to Llanview with Sam's baby.
Heather Webber arrives in Llanview in September 2012 at Téa's house, introducing herself as "Susan Moore." She offers to be a nanny for the baby. Téa is thankful and hires her. John later arrives in Llanview, and secretly takes a DNA sample from the baby after Sam's husband, Jason, begins to suspect that Sam's baby was switched with Téa's. The DNA results are a match, and John goes to Llanview to tell Téa the truth. However, before he can tell her, Téa realizes that the baby and her nanny are gone. When John tells her that "Susan" is really Heather, a mental patient who escaped from Ferncliff, Téa is shocked. When Téa finds out that Heather is in Port Charles, she heads to Todd's house. Todd pretends to get a phone call from his P.I. telling him where Heather is, and he and Téa leave to go find her. When they get there, however, they find John there with Port Charles Commissioner Anna Devane. Téa listens as John and Anna punch holes in Todd's story, but is too worried about "her baby." Anna then gets a phone call that Heather is at General Hospital, holding the baby hostage on the roof. John, Anna, Todd, and Téa all head to General Hospital. Téa wants to go be with "her son," but John stops her. Todd stays with Téa, while John and Anna confer about the situation. Téa overhears them saying Sam and Jason are on the roof with Heather, and wonders why they are on the roof with Heather and "her son." Téa tries to go to the roof, but Todd stops her. Téa watches in horror as Heather jumps from the roof with the baby in her arms. However, Jason manages to save the baby.
Téa is relieved, and anxious to see her son, but is confused when Todd and Anna keep stopping her. Eventually, she runs inside, and Todd chases after her. She gets out of the elevator, and sees John with Jason, Sam, and the baby. When she goes to get him, John and Sam hold her back, and she becomes even more confused. When Sam and Jason walk away with the baby, Téa is furious and demands an explanation. John and Todd then explains to her that her baby died and the child with Sam and Jason is Sam's son. At first, Téa is in disbelief, thinking they're lying to her, but when John shows the DNA test that was run and tells her that the baby who died had hemophilia, a condition that's in Téa's family, Téa finally realizes her baby is dead. She goes to baby "Victor's" room, and tells Jason and Sam she won't take the baby away - she just wants to say goodbye. Sam agrees, and Téa says a heartfelt goodbye to "Victor." Afterwards, she leaves the room, and the hospital, in tears.
Téa comes to the police station after Todd is arrested in connection to the baby switch. Téa asks him flat out if he had anything to do with the switch. Todd denies it, but Téa warns him that if he did do this, he has hurt her more than he could ever have. She goes back to Llanview, but not before telling Starr about the suspicion surrounding Todd. Téa is shown in Llanview again with Blair, when Todd arrives with Carly Corinthos and Skye Quartermaine. Carly and Skye claim that Tomás is actually an international arms dealer named Lorenzo Alcazar. Blair calls Tomás to come home, but a CIA agent shows up, saying Tomás has left for another mission. Téa leaves with Blair and Skye to find Tomás.
2013–.
In the online revival of OLTL, Téa is still mourning the loss of her son, and finding it hard to focus on life. However, that evening, while attending the opening of Blair's new nightclub "Shelter", Dani passes out and has to be taken to the hospital by Todd, Blair, and Téa. There, Téa finds out that Dani has been taking OxyContin pills, which caused her to have an overdose at the club. Téa finds out Matthew knew, and yells at him for not telling her. However, Todd then yells at her for not realizing Dani was using. As Téa is arguing with him, Victor comes in and pushes Todd away from Téa. Téa reunites with Victor.
When Dani comes home later, she makes it clear that she feels like Téa has just been ignoring her. Victor finds the nursery, and Téa tells him about their baby and the switch. When Dani comes home after partying late at Shelter, Téa is furious, but Dani says she wasn't using. Téa makes it clear to Dani that she's going to be paying more attention to her.
Reception.
Téa became one of "One Life to Live's" most popular characters. Her romantic pairing with Todd was described as "one of the hottest stories to hit daytime television". Fans enjoyed the union and dubbed them "TnT" (for Todd and Téa). The pairing's popularity was seen as equal to rival couple Todd and Blair. This created an intense rivalry between the two fanbases, which became known as the "T&B vs. TnT" wars. The "T&B vs. TnT" wars were some of the genre's most notorious Internet battles, and left writers and producers with the task of deciding which couple would be the "true love" couple. In addition, viewers enjoyed the battles between Blair and Téa, which became one of soap opera's most entertaining rivalries. Although Todd and Téa were promoted as a dysfunctional pairing, they were prominently featured in commercials advertising their love story, voted "Best Couple" and "Best Romance" in soap opera magazines, and cited as "television at its best".
Howarth left the role of Todd in 1998. When he later returned as the character in 2000 for a one-week stint to persuade Téa to leave with him, it was one of the show's most anticipated events. He returned again as Todd later that year without Téa. When the return was first reported, fans queried whether Téa would be returning with the character. An emphatic "No!" was issued by Lozano's agent in what was deemed "an angry statement" to magazine "Soaps in Depth". The agent added, "Give it up, guys! Stop calling!" Viewers wondered how the show would explain Téa no longer being with Todd, and heavily campaigned for the series to reunite the pairing. The writers had Todd explain that Téa had left him in the middle of the night, with a letter saying that she could no longer be with him. Determined not to be alone, Todd is soon seen going after Blair, wanting the family he once had with her. This did not deter fans of the Todd and Téa romance from campaigning for the couple. In 2002, their campaign was successful when Lozano agreed to return to the series for a brief stint. The opportunity to work with Howarth again was one of the reasons Lozano decided to return. "It's a lot of fun to work opposite Roger," she said. "There is so much going on beneath the surface."
The writers scripted Todd and Téa's reunion to take place following Blair, betrayed by Todd again, having left him; it was a live-week for the series, something that had not been done in almost twenty years in the history of soap opera. In a shout-out to fans, Téa makes her return entrance by stating, "I'm baaack!" with "a gleam in her eye" while interrupting Antonio and Carlotta Vega's bilingual bickering before visiting Todd. Not long after visiting Todd, the two are shipwrecked with one of Todd's employees after coming face to face for the first time in two years on a boat Todd had planned to use in order to kidnap his children from Blair. Regarding Todd and Téa being stranded together on a deserted island, former head writer Gary Tomlin, who was new to the series at the time, explained, "They both realize the mistakes they've made. Téa starts to see why she fell in love with him. The same thing for him. He's thinking that if they ever get off this island, they can go back and he can share his life with her — a life including his kids." While Todd does not declare his love for Téa, he "opens up" to Téa in "his own special way". Tomlin elaborated, "He makes the decision not to run away and deal with what he needs to deal with. and Téa were cast away in the first place because we wanted to address Todd's relationship with the past." Tomlin further relayed, "It was also a way to finally satisfy Todd and Téa fans, who have been campaigning for a reunion since Florencia Lozano left the show in 2000. I don't know if Todd and Blair could have stayed together. Had he stayed in Llanview, it's possible that Téa would have come back, and we would have dealt with the situation in Llanview, with Blair being part of the dynamic."
Despite Tomlin reuniting Todd and Téa, seemingly having the pair on the path to their "happy ending" and scripting their first time having sex together (a long-awaited event by fans of the love story), he chose Todd and Blair as being the actual "true love" couple. This decision angered viewers of the series, who expressed their anger through e-mails to the ABC network over Tomlin describing Todd's love for Blair as "the most genuine thing he has ever felt". Tomlin said that he had his reasons for telling the summer story the way he did and that the Todd and Téa fans have "convenient memories". He clarified, "When I went back to screen the Todd/Téa relationship — which everybody had said was so wonderful, that it was so this and so that, and they were so much in love — the thing that stuck out for me was when Todd punched Téa in the face and knocked her out. As a female viewer, I would have trouble getting past that. When you delve into physical abuse...it's a tough thing."
Todd being recast in 2003 with actor Trevor St. John after Howarth's departure from the series did not stop speculation that "One Life to Live" still planned to continue the Todd and Téa romance. In 2005, "TV Guide" reported the rumor, stating, "We recently came across an "OLTL" audition script for a scene between Todd and 'Lucia,' a woman who sounds a lot like his long-lost Latina legal eagle. So is a recast in the works? A show rep assures TVGuide.com that 'there are no plans to bring the character of Téa back to "OLTL".'" It was surmised that if true, "Todd and Blair fans everywhere breathe a major sigh of relief". In September 2008, magazine "Soap Opera Weekly" confirmed Lozano's return to the series. She returned in December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18533632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533632" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Ivory Coast">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Ivory Coast

The Roman Catholic Church in Côte d'Ivoire is composed of 4 ecclesiastical provinces and 11 suffragan dioceses.

</doc>
<doc id="18533653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533653" title="Peculator obconicus">
Peculator obconicus

Peculator obconicus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutomitridae, the mitres.

</doc>
<doc id="18533664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533664" title="Yuriy Romenskyi">
Yuriy Romenskyi

Yuriy Mykhaylovych Romenskyi (; born 1 August 1952 in Mingachevir, Azerbaijani SSR) is a retired Soviet football player and a former FC Chornomorets Odesa goalkeeping coach. 
Born in Azerbaijan Romensky settled in Ukraine since 1978 when he moved to Odessa after joining FC Chornomorets Odesa. He retired sometime in 1984 and then worked as a coach or football consultant. On the question "Who is the best Ukrainian goalkeeper?" he answered – "Yevhen Rudakov".
International career.
Romensky made his debut for USSR on 19 November 1978 in a friendly against Japan. He played in a UEFA Euro 1980 qualifier (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).

</doc>
<doc id="18533685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533685" title="Hideki Sakamoto">
Hideki Sakamoto


</doc>
<doc id="18533688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533688" title="10.5 cm Luftminenwerfer M 15">
10.5 cm Luftminenwerfer M 15

The 10.5 cm Luftminenwerfer M 15 (Pneumatic Trench Mortar) was a medium mortar used by Austria-Hungary in World War I. It was developed by the German firm of Ehrhardt & Sehmer. It was a rigid-recoil, muzzle-loading mortar on a fixed base that used compressed air to propel the mortar bomb to the target. Each cylinder of compressed air lasted for fifteen shots. A notable advantage was that the mortar had no firing signature, unlike conventional mortars with smoke and muzzle flash.
A batch of 25 mortars, 250 cylinders of compressed air and 10,000 complete bombs (i.e. with fuses) was ordered on 31 July 1915 for combat evaluation, but the manufacturer was unable to deliver the mortar bombs. They had to be manufactured by the Army itself. A slightly improved model was offered by Ehrhardt & Sehmer at the end of March 1916, but it was rejected because of the poor range of the ammunition and the difficulty in procuring it.
Ten trench mortar platoons, each with two weapons, were formed and deployed in February 1916, mainly to the Russian theater.

</doc>
<doc id="18533693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533693" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Chad">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Chad

The Roman Catholic Church in Chad is composed of 1 ecclesiastical province with 6 suffragan dioceses.

</doc>
<doc id="18533709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533709" title="Milt Simington">
Milt Simington

Milton Richard "Milt" Simington (August 26, 1918 January 17, 1943) was an American football guard who played two seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Cleveland Rams and Pittsburgh Steelers. He was selected to the NFL All-Star team in 1942.
Playing career.
Simington played college football at the University of Arkansas before being selected by the Cleveland Rams in the 1941 NFL Draft. In August 1942, he was traded along with Johnny Binotto by the Rams to the Pittsburgh Steelers in exchange for George Platukis.
Simington was selected for the NFL All-Star team based on his performance during the 1942 NFL season, but he suffered a mild heart attack during practices for the game which ended his playing career. He suffered a second heart attack a few weeks later which proved fatal; he died in Shreveport, Louisiana on January 17, 1943 at the age of 24. At the time of his death he had been planning to enter officer training school.

</doc>
<doc id="18533716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533716" title="El McMeen">
El McMeen

Elmer Ellsworth McMeen, III (known as El McMeen), born June 3, 1947, in Lewistown, Pennsylvania, is an acoustic steel-string fingerstyle guitarist. His specialty is fingerstyle arrangements of sung or strongly melodic pieces, ranging from the Irish genre, to hymns, gospel tunes and pop music. He has also composed instrumentals for guitar, and has published a book of Irish and Scottish instrumental music that he arranged for classical string trio (violin, viola and cello). That book is called Celtic Treasures for String Trio (Piney Ridge, 2005). He plays and arranges guitar music almost exclusively in the CGDGAD tuning. (That tuning, developed by English guitarist Dave Evans in the 1960s, is similar to a Hawaiian slack-key tuning called "C Ni'ihau" tuning.) "Acoustic Guitar" magazine (Oct. 2001, No. 106) called McMeen "the king of CGDGAD tuning".
McMeen has also arranged many pieces of music in Dropped D tuning (DADGBE), and has written "The Art of Dropped D Guitar", published by Mel Bay Publications, Inc. He is profiled in Marquis’ "Who’s Who in the World".
McMeen practiced law as his primary vocation in New York City for many years, and was a partner in the New York City law firm of LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, LLP for 21 years, until his retirement in 2000. After retirement from law, he has pursued music and lay ministry work full-time.
Biography.
El McMeen was born in Lewistown, Pennsylvania in 1947, and moved with his family to Huntingdon, PA in 1960. Through freshman year in college, he played clarinet as a solo instrument, as well as in band and orchestra settings. He studied piano, and sang in choral groups. He attended public schools in Lewistown and Huntingdon, PA, before attending Mt. Hermon School (now called Northfield Mt. Hermon School), graduating in 1965. He graduated from Harvard College in 1969, and the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1972, in each case with Honors. He was an Editor of the University of Pennsylvania Law Review. He has been married to the former Sheila Taenzler since 1971, and has three sons—Jonathan, Daniel and James—and a daughter, Mary.
McMeen started learning guitar as a senior at Mt. Hermon. At first, he did not approach the guitar primarily as a solo instrument, but used it as accompaniment for his singing. Upon reapplying himself in the early 1980s to the instrument, he encountered what he saw as an incredible breadth of music that one could try to render on guitar. He found himself attracted to Irish and Scottish music, alternative tunings, and different approaches to rendering and arranging music. McMeen’s playing is characterized by melodic emphasis, economy and great beauty of sound. His natural voice-like phrasing and skill at ornamentation and improvisation create a musical flow that gives the listener the impression he is hearing the piece for the first time, each time it is played. His improvisational approach to pieces creates an atmosphere of warm and personal immediacy. Guitar Player Magazine (Vol. 29, No. 2, 1995) referred to his music as "drop-dead gorgeous".

</doc>
<doc id="18533717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533717" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in the Central African Republic">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in the Central African Republic

The Roman Catholic Church in the Central African Republic consists of one ecclesiastical province composed of 8 suffragan dioceses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18533735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533735" title="City of Seattle Pipe Band">
City of Seattle Pipe Band

The City of Seattle Pipe Band was a grades II-I competition band restructured and refit out of the historic Seattle Men's Pipe Band (1916–1980) in 1981. Disbanded in 1990, City of Seattle won the Grade II North American Invitational Championships in Chicago in 1985, allowing them to compete in grade I that same year in the West Coast Championships in Santa Rosa, in 1985. Many of its previous members currently play in grades I, II or III pipe bands throughout Western Washington or British Columbia. The City of Seattle Pipe Band is only one of two bands ever to make it to grade I originating out of Washington State. The other, considered a progressive pipe band, the Northwest Pipe Band, operated from 1975-1977.<br>
<br>
Trouble in Mind Filmed in Seattle, Washington, USA; depicts a parade scene with the City of Seattle Pipe Band, with Pipe Major Ken Briggs and Drum Sgt. Buddy Maxwell. [http://www.fraser.cc/pipes/Mresources/T.html/ Trouble In Mind was directed by Alan Rudolph and starred Kris Kristofferson, Keith Carradine, Lori Singer, Geneviève Bujold, Devine, and John Carradine.
British Airways Concorde delivers Beaujolais Nouveau The City of Seattle Pipe Band was the entertainment of choice contracted for the historic Seattle delivery of 219 cases of Bouchard Beaujolais Nouveau wine. Funded and orchestrated by notable Seattle restaurateurs, Mick McHugh and Tim Firnstahl, passengers aboard the flight paid $2,400 USD each for the privilege of flying the route from London. Funds from which went in part to help the creation of the [http://www.museumofflight.org/ Museum of Flight. This was one of the only trips where a Concorde jet landed into Seattle. The event attracted close to 10,000 spectators and 100 reporters and photo journalists.The Register-Guard
Member History.
1981-1983 - Grade II (Dress MacKenzie tartan).<br>
Pipers: P/M John McBride, Craig Fraser, Bill Hughes, Ken Briggs, Marcia Campbell, Bill McMurchie, Bill Heaton, Rex Harrison, Bill Luke, Tim Clark, Terry Raymond.<br>
Sides: L/D Buddy Maxwell, Ken MacKenzie, Jeffrey Hamilton Smith, Pat Modrell, Bob Simon.<br>
Midsection: Doug Maxwell, Greg McBride, Debi Maxwell.
1983-1990 - Grade II & I (Ancient Sinclair tartan).<br>
Pipers: P/M Ken Briggs, Terry Raymond, Bill Hughes, Patty Swan, Sandy Hill, Chuck Zittel, Dave Guthrie, Rod Weeks, Bill Luke.<br>
Sides: L/D Buddy Maxwell, L/D Rob McKendrick, Steve Roy, Jim Oliver, Pat Modrell, Mark Jameson, Bob Simon.<br>
Midsection: Doug Maxwell, Debi Maxwell, Mary Jameson.
Over the years, there has been wishful effort by some of its past members to rekindle the band, primarily in the mid-nineties. To date, this has yet to take foot.

</doc>
<doc id="18533737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533737" title="Government Day Care in the United States">
Government Day Care in the United States

Government Childcare Centers are federally owned daycare centers located in the United States of America. They were first proposed by feminists of the late 1960s. While opposed by much of the population even in the early 1970s, acceptance gained throughout time and these were finally implemented as a test program. 
These centers are found in every major metropolitan area in the United States. This service is sometimes subsidized by federal and/or State funds for low-income families.

</doc>
<doc id="18533743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533743" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Cameroon">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Cameroon

The Roman Catholic Church in the Cameroon comprises 5 ecclesiastical provinces and 19 suffragan dioceses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18533751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533751" title="Peculator porphyria">
Peculator porphyria

Peculator porphyria is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutomitridae, the mitres.

</doc>
<doc id="18533761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533761" title="Warlick Carr">
Warlick Carr

Marvin Warlick Carr (January 4, 1921 – July 9, 2008) was a prominent American attorney in Lubbock, Texas, and the brother of former Texas Attorney General Waggoner Carr. Carr specialized in business transactions, real estate, business litigation, probate, estate planning, and mediation.
Early years, education, military.
Carr was born in Fairlie in Hunt County near Dallas, the second of four children to Vincent Carr (1892–1983) and the former Ruth Warlick (1897–1985). The family moved to Lubbock in 1932, when Vincent Carr's bank in Fairlie failed. The Carr brothers, though they were three years apart in age, graduated in 1936 from Lubbock High School. In 1940, the two graduated with Bachelor of Arts degrees from Texas Tech University in Lubbock. Warlick's degree was in government.
At both institutions, the Carr brothers excelled on the debate teams and won numerous tournaments. After Texas Tech, Warlick Carr entered Columbia University Law School in New York City but transferred after one year to the University of Texas School of Law in Austin, which Waggoner was attending. Warlick graduated with honors in April 1947 with a Doctor of Jurisprudence degree.
His law school education was interrupted by three and a half years of service in the United States Army Air Corps, the forerunner of the Air Force. Carr entered as a private and was discharged as a captain in the Intelligence Corps. Returning to UT, Carr was elected to The Chancellors and to the Order of the Coif and served as student editor of the "Texas Law Review".
Private law practice.
Upon graduation, he and Waggoner started their own firm in Lubbock under the name Carr & Carr. When Waggoner was elected county attorney of Lubbock County, Warlick joined the existing Lubbock firm of Bradley & Keys. In 1960, Warlick Carr became an organizing member of the firm of Key, Carr, Carr & Clark, a firm that stayed in existence, under varying names, until 2000. In that year he joined the firm of Mullin, Hoard & Brown, LLP, with offices in the Wells Fargo Center, where he remained until his death.
In 1962, Carr was one of the attorneys who tried the only civil suit against Billie Sol Estes, a Pecos financier accused of fraud and misrepresentation. Carr directed the filing of some thirty lawsuits in a 24-hour period at a time when such matters were produced on a manual typewriter.
Carr was recognized in 1991 by the Lubbock County Bar Association as a "Distinguished Senior Lawyer". In 1998, he was named the "Outstanding 50-Year Lawyer" by the Texas Bar Foundation. A former president of Lubbock Rotary International, Carr was a Paul Harris Fellow, a prestigious award named for the founder of Rotary.
Carr was a member of the State Board of Law Examiners from 1977–1997 and was the chairman of the board for the last six years of his tenure. He was the second longest-serving attorney on the board. At the time of Carr's death, John Simpson, chairman of the Board of Law Examiners, recalled that the meticulous Carr was never seen without a suit and tie and never removed his jacket when he was in the office.
Carr was admitted to practice in all state courts, in the United States District Court for Northern District of Texas, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, and the United States Supreme Court. Carr was a member of the Canadian River Municipal Water Authority, the Lubbock Area Foundation, Lubbock Symphony Board, the Lubbock Chamber of Commerce, and the Lubbock Board of City Development. He was a member of the First United Methodist Church of Lubbock and the Methodist Hospital Foundation.
The Carrs were originally Democrats. Waggonner Carr carried the Democratic banner against Republican U.S. Senator John G. Tower in the 1966 campaign. However, prior to his death, Warlick Carr was a donor to John Cornyn, the Republican who holds the same Senate seat that Tower first won in 1961. In the 2008 general election, Cornyn easily defeated the Democratic State Representative Rick Noriega of Harris County.
Family.
On April 30, 1949, Carr married the former Billilee "Bee" Ragan (July 28, 1923–April 18, 2010), an interior designer originally from Big Spring, Texas, the daughter of Rex and Dorothy Ragan. She attended elementary school in Big Spring and moved to Sweetwater, where she graduated in 1940 from Sweetwater High School. She then attended Texas Tech and the University of Denver in Denver, Colorado. She was a draftsman for an oil company and then a designer for the former Decorator's Studio in Lubbock as well as an active community figure.
The Carrs had two children, Leanne Carr and husband Robert Benedict Meyer, Jr. (born ca. 1943), of Lake Forest, Illinois, and Bradley Warlick Carr and wife Patti Ann (both born ca. 1956) of Horseshoe Bay, and three granddaughters, Mallory and Lindsey Meyer, and Natalie Carr Sartell and husband Ryan. The marriage of Leanne Carr and Bob Meyer, originally from McConnelsville, Ohio, was carried in "The New York Times" on September 19, 1982. It was his second marriage, the first having ended in divorce. At the time of the marriage, Meyer was vice president of the World Banking Group of the Chemical Bank in New York City. Carr also had a brother, Dr. Robert L. Carr and wife Betty; a sister, Virginia Campbell Carter and husband Bill, all of Lubbock, and sister-in-law, Ernestine Story Carr (born 1920) of Austin, the widow of Waggoner Carr.
Death and legacy.
In April 2008, Carr broke a leg, and physicians discovered his body to have been permeated with cancer. He died three months later at his Lubbock residence. His brother had also died of cancer four years earlier, after having survived a decade with the disease.
Donald Hunt (born June 22, 1934), who practiced law with Carr for forty-seven years, described his colleague as "my mentor. He had respect for the law and translated that to others." According to the "Lubbock Avalanche-Journal", Carr was best known for having been "detail-oriented and meticulous in his preparation for trial for his attributes integrity, honesty and class." Hunt called his friend "the pole star to which all other attorneys should be measured. He was the one that shined brightest in the heavens."
The Carrs are interred at Resthaven Cemetery in Lubbock.
Lubbock attorney George Gilkerson said that Carr was "an outstanding person, a pillar of integrity, and likely won't ever see someone like him again. think we lost a giant of a lawyer and a very true advocate. He was very well thought of -- even by his foes."

</doc>
<doc id="18533774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533774" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Burundi">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Burundi

The Roman Catholic Church in Burundi is composed of 2 ecclesiastical provinces and 5 suffragan dioceses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18533778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533778" title="Isa, Nigeria">
Isa, Nigeria

Isa is a town and Local Government Area in the state of Sokoto in Nigeria. It shares borders with Shinkafi in Zamfara State, Sabon Birni in Sokoto and the Republic of Niger in the east.
It has an area of 2,158 km² and a population of 146,103 at the 2006 census.
The postal code of the area is 842.
The Isa LGA is made up of the capital town of Isa and other towns and villages such as Turba, Bafarawa (birthplace of former Sokoto State governor and 2007 presidential candidate Attahiru Bafarawa). Historically, the area was a part of the ancient kingdom of Gobir and is inhabited by members of the Gobirawa and Fulani ethnic groups.

</doc>
<doc id="18533790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533790" title="On the Turntable">
On the Turntable

On the Turntable is a mix album released by Biz Markie. A follow-up was released in 2000, titled "On the Turntable 2".

</doc>
<doc id="18533792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533792" title="Principle of Orthogonal Design">
Principle of Orthogonal Design

The Principle of Orthogonal Design (abbreviated POOD) was developed by database researchers David McGoveran and Christopher J. Date in the early 1990s, and first published "A New Database Design Principle" in the July 1994 issue of Database Programming and Design and reprinted several times. It is the second of the two principles of database design, which seek to prevent databases from being too complicated or redundant, the first principle being the Principle of Full Normalization (POFN).
Simply put, it says that no two relations in a relational database should be defined in such a way that they can represent the same facts. As with database normalization, POOD serves to eliminate uncontrolled storage redundancy and expressive ambiguity, especially useful for applying updates to virtual relations (e.g., view (database)). Although simple in concept, POOD is frequently misunderstood and the formal expression of POOD continues to be refined.
The principle is a restatement of the requirement that a database is a minimum cover set of the relational algebra. The relational algebra allows data duplication in the relations that are the elements of the algebra. One of the efficiency requirements of a database is that there be no data duplication. This requirement is met by the minimum cover set of the relational algebra.

</doc>
<doc id="18533795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533795" title="Viktor Samokhin">
Viktor Samokhin

Viktor Sergeyevich Samokhin () (born January 1, 1956 in Moscow) is a retired Soviet and Russian football player and a current coach.
International career.
Samokhin played his only game for USSR on November 21, 1979 in a friendly against West Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18533809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533809" title="Uptown Anthem">
Uptown Anthem

"Uptown Anthem" is a 1992 song by hip-hop group Naughty by Nature. It was made for the soundtrack for the movie "Juice". NBN rapper Treach also had a cameo acting role in the movie. Rapper 2Pac is featured in the video. As well as NBN the soundtrack included songs from numerous other well-known hip-hop artists such as Eric B. & Rakim, Big Daddy Kane, Too Short, Teddy Riley, EPMD, Salt-N-Pepa, and Cypress Hill. The song peaked at #27 on the Hot Rap Singles and #58 on the R&B/Hip-Hop chart. It was also included as the final track on later releases of the group's 1991 self titled album "Naughty by Nature". The song is especially notable for its chorus, which goes "We gonna break/We gonna bash/We gonna roll/We gonna smash"
Jermaine Dupri sampled Uptown Anthem for the Jagged Edge track "Shady Girl" featured on the album "Hard".
Late Rapper Tupac Shakur sampled the song for his "Intro/Bomb First (My Second Reply)".

</doc>
<doc id="18533835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533835" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Burkina Faso">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Burkina Faso

The Roman Catholic Church in Burkina Faso is composed of 3 ecclesiastical provinces and 11 suffragan dioceses.

</doc>
<doc id="18533837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533837" title="Baby Let's Play House">
Baby Let's Play House

"Baby Let's Play House" is a song written by Arthur Gunter and recorded by him in 1954 on the Excello Records label, and covered by Elvis Presley the following year on Sun Records. It was the fourth issue of a Presley record by Sun, and became the first song recorded by Elvis to appear on a national chart, when it made #5 on the Billboard Country Singles chart in July 1955.
Presley's version differs greatly from the original: Elvis started the song with the chorus, where Gunter began with the first verse, and he replaced Gunter's line "You may get religion" with the words "You may have a Pink Cadillac", referring to his custom-painted 1955 Cadillac auto that had been serving as the band's transportation at the time.
The song was lip synched by Jonathan Rhys Meyers in the TV biopic "Elvis: The Early Years", in a scene of Presley's 1955 Odessa Auditorium performance.
John Lennon used the line, "I'd rather see you dead, little girl, than to be with another man," from this song for the opening line of the Beatles song, "Run for Your Life."
Buddy Holly recorded a cover of this song in 1955 at the Jim Beck Studio in Dallas. Holly's cover, cut as a demo for Columbia Records, and included on the 1985 Charly Records compilation "Buddy Holly Rocks", sounds very much like the Elvis version.
The song was also recorded by Australian Lonnie Lee on Leedon Records in early 1960. The version was not unlike Elvis' in many respects. It was very popular at Lee's shows and a version of him singing it in 1960 on Australia's first Rock'n'Roll TV Show, 'Six O'Clock Rock' is still extant.
In 2008, a Spankox remix of it made #84 in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="18533842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533842" title="Saint-Georges, Shawinigan">
Saint-Georges, Shawinigan

Saint-Georges, often unofficially known as Saint-Georges-de-Champlain, was a former village municipality and is now a sector ("secteur") of the city of Shawinigan.
Until 1919, Saint-Georges had been known as Village Turcotte. It merged with Shawinigan in an municipal amalgamation on January 1, 2002. In the Canada 1996 Census its population was 3,929.
Mayors.
From 1916 to 2001, Saint-Georges had its own mayor and its own city council. The mayors were: 

</doc>
<doc id="18533849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533849" title="Saint-Jean-des-Piles, Quebec">
Saint-Jean-des-Piles, Quebec

Saint-Jean-des-Piles (Canada 1996 Census population 693) is a community in the Canadian province of Quebec. Formerly a separate parish municipality in the Le Centre-de-la-Mauricie Regional County Municipality, it has been one of the seven sectors of the city of Shawinigan since the municipal amalgamation of January 1, 2002.
Mayors.
From 1897 to 2001, Saint-Jean-des-Piles had its own mayor and its own city council. The mayors were: 

</doc>
<doc id="18533862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533862" title="Diamond, Oregon">
Diamond, Oregon

Diamond is an unincorporated community in Harney County, Oregon, United States. Diamond is located west of Oregon Route 205 and south of Malheur Lake, south-southeast of Burns by highway. Its post office is assigned ZIP code 97722.
Settled in 1874–75, the community got its name from a diamond-shaped branding iron used by a local cattle rancher.
Climate.
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Diamond has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18533864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533864" title="China national field hockey team">
China national field hockey team

The China national field hockey team is the national team of the People's Republic of China that participates in international field hockey matches and tournaments. As of June 30, 2008 the team is 17th in the FIH world rankings.
Most of the players have traditionally been from Inner Mongolia, where the Daur people have been playing Beikou, a game similar to field hockey, for about 1,000 years.Their teams are increasing in abilities yearly as some overseas Chinese can be applicable to play for the team after 3 years of residence, as demonstrated with the new and upcoming talent of Tim Tsung who arrived from England 5 years ago and played for the English U16 National team for 3 years. He has been officially signed on by the Chinese National Field Hockey team and is hinted to make his debut soon, after a series of successful training sessions and friendly matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18533865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533865" title="Saint-Gérard-des-Laurentides, Quebec">
Saint-Gérard-des-Laurentides, Quebec

Saint-Gérard-des-Laurentides (Canada 1996 Census population 2,155) is a community in the Canadian province of Quebec. Formerly a separate parish municipality in the Le Centre-de-la-Mauricie Regional County Municipality, it has been one of the seven sectors of the city of Shawinigan since the municipal amalgamation of January 1, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18533870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533870" title="American Circus Corporation">
American Circus Corporation

The American Circus Corporation, consisted of the Sells-Floto Circus, the Hagenbeck-Wallace Circus, the John Robinson Circus, the Sparks Circus, and the Al G. Barnes Circus. It was owned by Jerry Mugivan, Bert Bowers and Ed Ballard. They sold the company in 1929 to John Nicholas Ringling for $1.7 million ($ today). With that acquisition, Ringling owned virtually every traveling circus in America.
Hagenbeck-Wallace Circus.
The Hagenbeck-Wallace Circus was a circus that traveled across America in the early part of the 20th century. At its peak, it was the second-largest circus in America next to Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey Circus. It was based in Peru, Indiana.
Al G. Barnes Circus.
Al G. Barnes Circus was an American circus run by Alpheus George Barnes Stonehouse.
Sells Floto Circus.
The Sells Floto Circus was a combination of the Otto Floto Dog and Pony Show and the Sells Brothers Circus that toured with sideshow acts in the United States during the early 1900s.
John Robinson Circus.
The John Robinson Circus was founded by John Robinson and Joseph Foster.
Sparks Circus.
Sparks Circus as established by John H. Wiseman (1863-1903). He used the name of Sparks on all of his entertainment shows and legally changed his name to John H. Sparks. He died on January 29, 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="18533874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533874" title="Feld Entertainment">
Feld Entertainment

Feld Entertainment Inc. is an American live show production company which operate the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus.
History.
In 1967, Irvin Feld and his brother purchased Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus from the Ringling and North families and took it public in 1969. Irvin Feld sold the circus to Mattel in 1971 for $50 million in Mattel stock. He bought it back in 1982.
In September 2008, Feld also acquired the motorsports division of Live Nation, including the properties of Monster Jam (and several associated monster trucks), Supercross, Arenacross, and the IHRA. The motorsports division was renamed Feld Entertainment Motor Sports.
In January 2012, the company purchased Palmetto Corporate Center, a former Siemens Corp. complex in Ellenton, Florida, and plans to move most of its various operations and its world headquarters there over a five year period starting with its worldwide production center. 
In March 2013, Feld agreed with Marvel Entertainment to produce a Marvel Character based live arena show.
Ownership.
Feld Entertainment has owned:

</doc>
<doc id="18533876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533876" title="Yuri Saukh">
Yuri Saukh

Yuri Vasilyevich Saukh () (born September 14, 1951) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Russian coach.
International career.
Saukh made his debut for USSR on May 26, 1976 in a friendly against Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="18533884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533884" title="Hadamard (disambiguation)">
Hadamard (disambiguation)

Hadamard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18533901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533901" title="Magneto (Atlas Comics)">
Magneto (Atlas Comics)

Magneto is a fictional character created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby. The character first appeared in "Strange Tales" #84, in May 1961, just before Atlas Comics became Marvel Comics. Even though the character name and creators are the same as the modern Marvel's Magneto, the Atlas Comics character is not related to Marvel's mutant.
Fictional character biography.
Eight-foot-tall () Hunk Larken is one of the strongest men in the country and can lift a car with his own hands, but he is a dim-witted worker who can not find a job. One day, Larken hears a government announcement and volunteers for the US space program. Because of his strength and low excitability he is chosen as the first human to travel to outer space.
During his mission, Larken is accidentally exposed to a cosmic mist of radioactive anti-matter. When he returns to Earth, Larken discovers that he now has the power to control magnetic fields and move large objects and other beings. Driven by a desire for revenge against those who taunted him in his past, Larken assumes the name "Magneto" and begins a wave of violence and robbery. He soon discovers, however, that his powers are fading, and are apparently only temporary. Fearing being captured for his crimes, Magneto infiltrates a rocket that will be sent to space. In actuality, however,the rocket was part of a plan to exile Magneto into space where he could live a peaceful existence and even find another world that suits him better.

</doc>
<doc id="18533902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533902" title="Clothesline (disambiguation)">
Clothesline (disambiguation)

Clothesline is an apparatus for laundry drying. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18533918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533918" title="Lawen, Oregon">
Lawen, Oregon

Lawen is an unincorporated community in Harney County, Oregon, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office with a ZIP code of 97720. Lawen lies along Oregon Route 78 just south of its interchanges with Oregon Route 205, U.S. Route 20, and U.S. Route 395 in Burns, the county seat. Lawen is just north of Malheur Lake.
Climate.
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Lawen has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18533942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533942" title="Cathussach mac Ailello">
Cathussach mac Ailello

Cathussach mac Ailello (died 749) was a Dal nAraide king of Ulaid (Ulster). He was the son of Ailill mac Dúngaile Eilni (died 690), a previous King of Dál nAraidi and nephew of Cú Chuarán mac Dúngail Eilni (died 708), a previous king of Ulaid. He ruled from 735-749. He belonged to a branch of this family settled in Mag nEinli, a plain between the Bann and Bush in County Antrim.
It is uncertain at what date he acquired the kingship of Dal nAraide. The death of Dub dá Inber mac Congalaig as King of Cruithne ( the title used for them at this time in the annals) is recorded in 727. Indrechtach mac Lethlobair (died 741) is also listed before Cathussach in the king lists but it is possible he resigned the kingship to Indrechtach upon becoming King of Ulaid in 735.
Cathussach was killed at Ráith Beithech (Rathveagh, modern County Antrim) probably in the interest of the rival Dal Fiatach who retook the kingship of Ulaid.
Neither the "Annals of Tigernach" nor the "Annals of Ulster" give him the title King of Ulaid at his death notice but instead refer to him as King of the Cruithne. Professor Byrne believes that there may have been an interregnum in Ulaid between 735-750. This would give a possible reign for Cathussach over the Dal nAraide from 741-749 if this were true and would explain his placing in the king lists of the Cruithne.
His son Cináed Ciarrge mac Cathussaig (died 776) was also King of Dal nAraide.

</doc>
<doc id="18533958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533958" title="Dee, Oregon">
Dee, Oregon

Dee is an unincorporated community and former company town in Hood River County, Oregon, United States, on Oregon Route 281, about 11 miles south of Hood River.
History.
The Oregon Lumber Company built a sawmill at Dee in 1906 and named it for Thomas Duncombe Dee, a stockholder and business associate of board member David Eccles. Dee was also a station on the Eccles-owned Mount Hood Railroad. In addition to the large sawmill, Dee had a privately owned water works and electric lighting system, as well as a general store, shops, and a hotel.
Dee had a population of 250 in 1915 and 200 in 1919, and by 1940 the population had declined to 100.
Dee was sold to the Edward Hines Lumber Company in 1958 and they dismantled the town.
Besides logging, Dee's economy is also tied to the fruit-growing industry of the Hood River Valley. The area was one of the primary communities in the Hood River Valley farmed by "Nikkei"—Japanese migrants and their descendants. The first Japanese in the area were hired as laborers on the Mount Hood Railroad. They also worked at the mill and lived in the company housing on both sides of the East Fork Hood River, which passes through the town.
About 35 Nikkei families lived in Dee in the 1920s and they founded the Dee Japanese Community Hall.
Geography.
Lost Lake is reached by a route that begins in Dee. The area's fruit orchards lie between the east and west forks of the Hood River in an area known as Dee Flat. The site of the old saw mill, of which only the foundations still exist because of a fire, can the seen on the edge of town. Dee is characterized predominantly by pear orchards dotted with farm houses about every 1/2 mile. The community is situated atop a small plateau unique in the immediate vicinity, with unobstructed views of Mount Hood from nearly every household or building.
Economy.
Dee has a fluctuating population of migrant workers, mostly from Mexico, that increases greatly during the annual pear and apple harvest. Several families remain year round. Oregon Republican Senator Wayne Fawbush operated a blueberry farm in Dee for 20 years, which is still in operation.

</doc>
<doc id="18533961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533961" title="Polyspilota griffinii">
Polyspilota griffinii

Polyspilota griffinii, common name Griffin Mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to Cameroon that grows to about 5 inches in length.

</doc>
<doc id="18533974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533974" title="Guerrilla warfare in the American Civil War">
Guerrilla warfare in the American Civil War

Guerrilla warfare in the American Civil War followed the same general patterns of irregular warfare conducted in 19th century Europe. Structurally, they can be divided into three different types of operations—the so-called 'People's War', 'partisan warfare', and 'raiding warfare'. Each has distinct characteristics that were common practice during the Civil War years (1861–1865).
Types of guerrilla warfare.
The concept of a 'People's war,' first described by von Clausewitz in his classic treatise "On War", was the closest example of a mass guerrilla movement in the era. In general during the Civil War, this type of irregular warfare was conducted in the hinterland of the Border States (Missouri, Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky, and northwestern Virginia / West Virginia). It was marked by a vicious neighbor-against-neighbor quality as other grudges got settled. It was frequent for residents of one part of a single county to take up arms against their counterparts in the rest of the vicinity. Bushwhacking, murder, assault, and terrorism were characteristics of this kind of fighting. Few participants wore uniforms or were formally mustered into the actual armies. In many cases, it was civilian against civilian, or civilian against opposing enemy troops.
One such example was the opposing irregular forces operating in Missouri and northern Arkansas from 1862 to 1865, most of which were pro-Confederate or pro-Union in name only. They preyed on civilians and isolated military forces of both sides with little regard for politics. From these semi-organized guerrillas, several groups formed and were given some measure of legitimacy by their governments. Quantrill's Raiders, who terrorized pro-Union civilians and fought Federal troops in large areas of Missouri and Kansas, was one such unit. Another notorious unit, with debatable ties to the Confederate military, was led by Champ Ferguson along the Kentucky-Tennessee border. Ferguson became one of the few figures of the Confederate cause to be executed after the war. Dozens of other small, localized bands terrorized the countryside throughout the border region during the war, bringing total war to the area that lasted until the end of the Civil War and, in some areas, beyond.
Partisan warfare, in contrast, more closely resembled commando operations of the 20th century. Partisans were small units of conventional forces, controlled and organized by a military force for operations behind enemy lines. The 1862 Partisan Ranger Act passed by the Confederate Congress authorized the formation of these units and gave them legitimacy, which placed them in a different category than the common 'bushwhacker' or 'guerrilla'. John Singleton Mosby formed a partisan unit that was very effective in tying down Federal forces behind Union lines in northern Virginia in the last two years of the war. Groups such as Blazer's Scouts, White's Comanches, the Loudoun Rangers, McNeill's Rangers, and other similar forces at times served in the formal armies, but often were loosely organized and operated more as partisans than as cavalry, especially early in the war.
, deep raids by conventional cavalry forces were often considered 'irregular' in nature. The "Partisan Brigades" of Nathan Bedford Forrest and John Hunt Morgan operated as part of the cavalry forces of the Confederate Army of Tennessee in 1862 and 1863. They were given specific missions to destroy logistical hubs, railroad bridges, and other strategic targets to support the greater mission of the Army of Tennessee. Morgan led raids into Kentucky as well. In his last raid, he violated orders by going across the Ohio River and raiding in Ohio and Indiana as well, as he wanted to bring the war to the northern states. This long raid diverted thousands of Union troops. He captured and paroled nearly 6,000 troops, destroyed bridges and fortifications, and ran off livestock. By mid-1863, Morgan's Raiders had been mostly destroyed in the late days of the Great Raid of 1863. 
Some of his followers continued under their own direction, such as M. Jerome Clarke, who kept on with raids in Kentucky. The Confederacy conducted few deep cavalry raids in the latter years of the war, mostly because of the losses in experienced horsemen and the offensive operations of the Union army. Federal cavalry conducted several successful raids during the war but in general used their cavalry forces in a more conventional role. A good exception was the 1863 Grierson's Raid, which did much to set the stage for General Ulysses S. Grant's victory during the Vicksburg Campaign.
Union countermeasures against the Confederate guerrillas.
Federal counter-guerrilla operations were successful in reducing the impact of Confederate guerrilla warfare. In Arkansas, Federal forces used a wide variety of strategies to defeat irregulars. These included the use of Arkansas Unionist forces as anti-guerrilla troops, the use of riverine forces such as gunboats to control the waterways, and the provost marshal's military law enforcement system to spy on suspected guerrillas and to imprison those captured. Against Confederate raiders, the Federal army developed an effective cavalry themselves and reinforced that system by numerous blockhouses and fortification to defend strategic targets.
However, Federal attempts to defeat Mosby's Partisan Rangers fell short of success because of Mosby's use of very small units (10–15 men) operating in areas considered friendly to the Rebel cause. Another regiment known as the "Thomas Legion", consisting of white and anti-Union Cherokee Indians, morphed into a guerrilla force and continued fighting in the remote mountain back-country of western North Carolina for a month after Robert E. Lee's surrender at Appomattox Court House. That unit was never completely suppressed by Union forces, but voluntarily ceased hostilities after capturing the town of Waynesville, North Carolina, on May 10, 1865.
Prolonging the war through guerrilla action.
In the late 20th century, several historians focused on the Confederate government's decision to not use guerrilla warfare to prolong the war. Near the end of the war, there were those in the administration who advocated continuing the southern fight as a guerrilla conflict. These efforts were opposed by Confederate generals such as Lee who ultimately believed that surrender and reconciliation were the best options for the war-ravaged South.
Notable Civil War guerrillas, partisans, jayhawkers, and rangers.
Other notable bushwhackers, jahawkers, and guerrillas of the Civil War included Frank James, Jesse James, "Tinker Dave" Beaty, Archie Clement, Silas M. Gordon, Champ Ferguson, Charles R. Jennison, James Montgomery, Joseph C. Porter, and George M. Todd.

</doc>
<doc id="18533983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533983" title="China women's national field hockey team">
China women's national field hockey team

The China women's national field hockey team is the national women's field hockey team of the People's Republic of China that participates in international matches and tournaments. As of May 25, 2008 the team is 6th in the FIH world rankings.
Current roster.
Roster for the 2012–14 Women's FIH Hockey World League Final.
Head Coach: You Baodong

</doc>
<doc id="18533988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18533988" title="Pine Grove, Hood River County, Oregon">
Pine Grove, Hood River County, Oregon

Pine Grove is an unincorporated community in Hood River County, Oregon, United States on Oregon Route 35 in the middle Hood River Valley near Neal Creek. It is about five miles south of the city of Hood River and has a Hood River ZIP code.
History.
Pine Grove was a station on the Mount Hood Railroad and was named for a stand of timber that once existed at this locale. In 1886, German immigrant Peter Mohr planted 400 apple trees in the Pine Grove area, in what was probably the first commercial orchard in the Hood River Valley planted on dry land and relying solely on irrigation. Pine Grove was also one of the primary communities in the Hood River Valley farmed by "Nikkei"—Japanese migrants and their descendants.
Economy.
Like much of Hood River County, the economy of Pine Grove is based on agriculture, especially fruit orchards and the accompanying storage and packing facilities. Businesses in the Pine Grove area include The Fruit Company, which packs and ships fruit gift baskets and gourmet food products, and Mount Hood Winery. Mount Hood Winery's cooperative winemaking facility is located in a former fruit-packing warehouse. Also located in Pine Grove is Columbia Gorge Fruit Growers, a non-profit organization of 400 growers and 20 shippers of tree fruit in the Mid-Columbia area that works to encourage and promote the fruit industry. To preserve the history of the area's principal industry, in 2012 The Fruit Foundation Historical Society will be opening the Fruit Heritage Museum in Pine Grove in a historic cold storage and fruit packing facility built in the 1930s and now owned by the Fruit Company.
Historic structures.
Pine Grove Grange celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2006. It is the oldest Grange in Hood River County. The current Grange hall originally served as a general store and the upstairs was a community dance hall. Today the Hood River Valley Playhouse uses the upstairs stage for its productions.
Pine Grove Methodist Church was dedicated in 1907 and still serves the community today.
The Martin and Carrie Hill House near Pine Grove is a 1910 Dutch Colonial Revival house on a working farm listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Education.
Pine Grove Elementary School is part of the Hood River County School District. The current school was built in 1927 and has the original cast iron school bell in the cupola. The first school on the current school grounds was built in 1887 in the pine grove for which the community is named. The pine grove was cut down in 1957, but a group of students and alumni replanted pine trees around the school during a reunion in 2008. Pine Grove Elementary was closed as a K-5 school in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18534021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534021" title="15 cm Luftminenwerfer M 15 M. E.">
15 cm Luftminenwerfer M 15 M. E.

The 15 cm Luftminenwerfer M 15 M. E. (Pneumatic Trench Mortar Maschinenfabrik Esslingen) was a medium mortar used by Austria-Hungary in World War I. It was developed by the German firm "Maschinenfabrik" Esslingen in response to a German requirement. Its initial testing was observed by an Austro-Hungarian representative and his positive report convinced them to order a batch of five for comparative testing. It was evaluated on 21 September 1915 and it produced the right impression. Nonetheless four weapons were sent off for combat trials at the end of October 1915, which were presumably favorable.
The barrel was mounted on a central pivot attached to a base plate, apparently with 360° of traverse. A single cylinder of compressed air was good for twelve shots.
The Model II incorporated minor improvements suggested by both the Austrians and German pioneer troops and was evaluated at the end of 1915. It was deemed satisfactory and another hundred were ordered. However, they were soon made obsolete by the better performance of the 12 cm Luftminenwerfer M 16 and shelved before the production run was finished.

</doc>
<doc id="18534032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534032" title="Western Maori">
Western Maori

Western Maori was one of the four former New Zealand parliamentary Māori electorates, from 1868 to 1996.
Population centres.
The electorate includes the following population centres:
Tribal areas.
The electorate includes the following tribal areas:
Tainui, Taranaki
History.
The Western Maori electorate extended from South Auckland and the Waikato to Taranaki and the Manawatu. The seat originally went to Wellington. With MMP it was replaced by the Te Tai Hauāuru electorate in 1996.
The first member of parliament for Western Maori from 1868 was Mete Paetahi. From the 1890s to the 1930s the seat was held by various Reform Party MPs. In 1935, Toko Ratana the eldest son of the founder of the Ratana Church won the seat and became the second Ratana MP; he became a Labour MP following the Labour-Ratana pact. From this point until the abolition of the seat prior to the 1996 election the seat was held by Labour MPs. 
Candidates for the National Party (who usually came second) included Hoeroa Marumaru (1946, 1949 & 1951) and Pei Te Hurinui Jones (1957, 1960 and 1963; also earlier). 
Members of Parliament.
Western Maori was represented by 15 Members of Parliament:
Key
Table footnotes:
Election results.
1896 election.
Table footnotes:

</doc>
<doc id="18534037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534037" title="Pickling salt">
Pickling salt

Pickling salt is a salt that is used mainly for canning and manufacturing pickles. It is sodium chloride, as is table salt, but unlike most brands of table salt, it does not contain iodine or any anticaking products added. Previously circulated a legend - that iodination of sodium chloride lead the brine of pickles to a change of color. It is absolutely false: iodine is added in infinitesimal quantities (20–30 mg/kg) in the form of iodide or potassium iodate. Also these two salts have colorless solutions. Pickling salt is very fine-grained, to speed up dissolving in water to create a brine, so it is useful for solutions needing salt.
Other uses.
Pickling salt can be used for things other than pickling. It can be used in place of table salt, although it can cake. A solution to this would be to add a few grains of rice to the salt, or to bake it (draws the moisture out), and then break it apart. Pickling salt sticks well to food, so it can be used in place of popcorn salt, which also has fine grains.

</doc>
<doc id="18534039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534039" title="Temple Beth Israel (Jackson, Michigan)">
Temple Beth Israel (Jackson, Michigan)

Temple Beth Israel () is a Reform synagogue located at 801 West Michigan Avenue in Jackson, Michigan. Formed in 1862 by Jews of German background, it grew out of the Hebrew Benevolent Society, which had been organized in 1858, and was the second Reform congregation in Michigan.
Dr. Jonathan V. Plaut, the son of the late rabbi Dr. W. Gunther Plaut, joined as rabbi in 2000 and served the congregation until his death in 2012. 
In September of 2011 Rabbi S. Robert Morais became Beth Israel's rabbi.

</doc>
<doc id="18534040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534040" title="Temple Beth Israel (Macon, Georgia)">
Temple Beth Israel (Macon, Georgia)

Temple Beth Israel () is a Reform synagogue located at 892 Cherry Street in Macon, Georgia. Formed in 1859 by Jews of German background as Congregation Kahal Kadosh Beth Israel, it was originally Orthodox, and followed the German minhag.
The congregation constructed its first building on the corner of Poplar and Second Streets from 1871 to 1874. The congregation's current building was constructed on the corner of Cherry and Spring Streets in 1902.
, the rabbi was Larry Schlesinger.

</doc>
<doc id="18534043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534043" title="Temple Beth Israel (Sharon, Pennsylvania)">
Temple Beth Israel (Sharon, Pennsylvania)

Temple Beth Israel was a Reform synagogue located at 840 Highland Road in Sharon, Pennsylvania. Originally called House of Israel Congregation, it was founded in 1888 as an Orthodox congregation by Jews from Eastern Europe. It merged with Rodef Sholom Temple in July, 2013.
The congregation constructed its first synagogue building in 1903, and expanded it in 1924. It hired its first full-time rabbi, Maurice Moskowitz, in 1929; he served until 1934.
By the 1940s the congregation had moved to Conservative Judaism, and with the installation of M. Robert Syme (1945–1948) as rabbi, transitioned to Reform Judaism. It joined the Union for Reform Judaism in 1949, and completed its current building in 1950.
Rabbis since Syme have included Meyer M. Abramowitz (1948–1956), Robert Bergman (1957–1961), Joseph Hewzog (1961–1974), Samuel Weingart (1974–1985), and Stephen Sniderman (1985–1996). Jacques Cukierkorn has been the rabbi since 1996.
Early history.
Jews from Eastern Europe first settled in Sharon in the 1880s. In August, 1888 they founded the Orthodox Temple Beth Israel (originally called House of Israel Congregation) so that they would have place to worship for "Rosh Hashanah" the following month. J.M. Rabinowitz (or Rabinovitz) served as cantor, ritual circumciser, Hebrew teacher, and ritual slaughterer.
Services were initially held on the second floor of 62 Shenango Street. The first permanent synagogue building was constructed in 1903. By 1907 the synagogue had 40 member families, and its annual revenues were $1,000 (today $). Services were held on "Shabbat" and the Jewish holidays. The congregational school had two teachers and 25 students. A dissenting group who wanted more traditional services formed the Shaarah Torah synagogue. A number of years later Shaarah Torah re-merged with Beth Israel.
A new sanctuary was added to the building in 1924, in time for High Holy Days that year. Beth Israel's first full-time rabbi, Maurice Moskowitz, was hired in 1929. He served until 1934, and was succeeded that year by Aaron Shapiro, who served until 1936. Shapiro was succeeded by Meyer Finkelstein, who served until 1937, and then by Harry Seeve, who served from 1937 to 1941.
Sidney Riback joined as rabbi in 1941; by this time the synagogue had moved to Conservative Judaism. By 1942 there were approximately 140 Jewish families in Sharon, and the women of House of Israel had formed a sisterhood.
Move to Reform.
The members voted to reform services in 1945, and hired a new rabbi, M. Robert Syme. Born in 1920 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, he was a graduate of the Jewish Institute of Religion. When he arrived in Sharon, it had a Jewish population of approximately 150 families, and Beth Israel was its only synagogue.
Syme changed synagogue ritual, adopted the "Union Prayer Book", and added a choir and organ. These changes were resisted by some members. Syme also discovered that Sharon's Orthodox Jewish population was sharing space with Beth Israel's congregation, worshiping in the basement. He felt it important that the Orthodox Jews be able to pray in the sanctuary too; so, on Friday nights he followed the Reform service in the "Union Prayer Book", using an organ, while on Saturday mornings he followed the services from an Orthodox "siddur" (prayer book), praying without an organ. (Orthodox services normally do not use musical instruments, since the playing of musical instruments on "Shabbat" and many holidays are forbidden by Jewish law.) While living in Sharon, Syme also walked to synagogue and kept a kosher home, in accordance with Jewish law, to show that he was the rabbi of all of Sharon's Jews.
Looking for the greater challenge, opportunity, and money a larger congregation could provide, Syme eventually resigned in 1948, moving to Temple B'nai Abraham of Butler, Pennsylvania. Syme would become better known as rabbi of Detroit's Temple Israel, where he served for almost 47 years, starting in 1953.
Events since 1948.
Syme was succeeded in 1948 by Meyer M. Abramowitz. Born in Rochester, New York in 1918, Abramowitz had an unusual educational background; he was a graduate of the Orthodox Hebrew Theological College, Columbia University and the Conservative Jewish Theological Seminary of America (both in 1943), and the Reform Jewish Institute of Religion, where he was ordained in 1946. He had served from 1938 to 1944 as a cantor and director of Jewish education at the Forest Hills Jewish Center, from 1944 to 1946 as its student rabbi, and from 1946 to 1948 as its rabbi. Abramowitz served until 1956, moving the following year to Temple B'rith Sholom of Springfield Illinois, where served the rest of his rabbinical career.
In 1949, the congregation started using the "Union Prayer Book" for High Holy Days, and Beth Israel joined the Union for Reform Judaism (then Union of American Hebrew Congregations). That same year, the members began construction of the current building at 840 Highland Road (at Euclid Avenue). The building was completed by September 1950, in time for "Rosh Hashanah".
Abramowitz was succeeded as rabbi by Robert Bergman (1957–1961) and Joseph Hewzog (1961–1974). Hewzog was succeeded by Samuel Weingart in 1974. Raised in Des Moines, Iowa, Weingart was a graduate of State University of Iowa, and had been ordained at Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion in 1962. He served until 1985, and later served as rabbi of Temple Israel of West Lafayette, Indiana.
Weingart was succeeded as rabbi in 1985 by Stephen Sniderman. A native of Toronto, Canada, Sniderman was a graduate of York University and was ordained at Hebrew Union College in 1975. He served until 1996, and was succeeded that year by Jacques Cukierkorn. Cukierkorn. Due to falling membership, the synagogue closed its doors and merged with Rodef Sholom Temple in nearby Youngstown in July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18534044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534044" title="Temple Beth Israel (Plattsburgh, New York)">
Temple Beth Israel (Plattsburgh, New York)

Temple Beth Israel is a Reform synagogue located at One Bowman Street in Plattsburgh, New York. Established in 1861, it served Plattsburgh's Jewish population and itinerant Jewish tradesmen in the region. After worshiping in temporary locations, the congregation acquired its first permanent home on Oak Street in 1866. Beth Israel adopted Reform services in 1910, and joined the Union for Reform Judaism in 1913.
The current building at One Bowman Street was completed in 1971, and houses a number of notable works of art by Marc Chagall, Ben Shahn and Frank Eliscu. Eric Slaton served as rabbi from 1985 to 1988, and Carla Freedman from 1990 to 1997;Freedman was the first Canadian woman to become a rabbi, and the first woman ordained at Hebrew Union College to become a grandmother. Freedman was followed as rabbi by David Steinberg (1999–2005), Heidi Waldmann (2005-2008), Andrew Goodman (2008–2010), Emma Gottlieb (2010–2102), and Kari Tuling, who joined in July, 2012.
, Tuling was the synagogue's rabbi. Temple Beth Israel was the only synagogue in New York State north of Glens Falls that has a full-time rabbi.
Early history.
Temple Beth Israel () is a Reform synagogue located at One Bowman Street in Plattsburgh, New York. It was established in 1861, as "The Jewish Congregation of Plattsburgh", serving Plattsburgh's Jewish population and the itinerant Jewish tradesmen in the region. Plattsburgh's Jewish community was the oldest in the Adirondack Mountains, having been founded in the 1840s by Jewish peddlers from western Vermont and northern New York. These traveling salesmen would come into Plattsburgh for High Holy Days and occasional Sabbath services.
The congregation initially worshipped in temporary locations. They soon had a rabbi, and in 1862, they acquired a cemetery. In the ensuing decades, congregations in less well-established nearby Jewish communities, such as the one Burlington, Vermont, would send their dead to Beth Israel's cemetery to be buried. In 1866 the members acquired their first permanent location, the former First Universalist Church on Oak Street.
Plattsburgh's Jewish community grew after 1880 as a result of Jewish immigration from Eastern Europe. By 1907, Plattsburgh's Jewish population was around 125. The congregation, then still located on Oak Street, had 25 member families, and an annual income of $900 (today $). Jacob Lubin served as both rabbi and cantor, and services were held on the Sabbath and the Jewish holidays. The congregational school met twice a week, and had twelve students and one teacher. The congregation adopted Reform services in 1910, and joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations (now Union for Reform Judaism) in 1913.
Move to Bowman Street.
The current building at One Bowman Street was completed in 1971, and includes a sanctuary, school, social hall, and library. It houses a number of notable works of art, including Marc Chagall's tapestry "King David", Ben Shahn's silk tapestry "The Menorah", and the bronze sculpture "Remembering the Six Million" by Frank Eliscu, who also designed the Heisman Trophy. The building also houses a cut and painted butcher paper decoration by Jacob Hochfelder, who was Beth Israel's cantor and spiritual leader in the late 1880s and early 1890s. Designed for the east wall of the synagogue sanctuary, it is inscribed with the biblical verse fragment "I am ever mindful of the Lord's presence" (), and was created in 1887–1889.
Fred V. Davidow, a 1973 graduate of Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, was Beth Israel's rabbi in the mid-1970s. Yossi Liebowitz was rabbi in the early 1980s. During his tenure, he appeared on a Plattsburgh public-broadcast program called "The Religion Factor" with a Presbyterian minister and Catholic priest. He left Beth Israel in 1984.
Minneapolis-born Eric R. Slaton became rabbi in 1985. Ordained by Hebrew Union College that year, he had served as a student rabbi at Cincinnati's Congregation B'nai Tzedek before joining Temple Beth Israel upon ordination. While at Beth Israel, he was also chaplain of Clinton Correctional Facility and Plattsburgh Air Force Base. Slaton served as rabbi for three years, before becoming rabbi of Ohavay Zion Synagogue in Lexington, Kentucky.
Carla Freedman became the congregation's rabbi in 1990. A native of Winnipeg with a Master's degree in educational psychology from the University of Manitoba, she was ordained at Hebrew Union College that year, the first Canadian woman to become a rabbi. She was also the first woman ordained at Hebrew Union College to become a grandmother. She served until 1997, moving to the Jewish Family Congregation of South Salem, New York.
Events since 1999.
In 1999, David Steinberg became rabbi. A graduate of Harvard Law School, he had practised as a lawyer for four years before studying and being ordained as a rabbi at the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College. While at Beth Israel, he was active in interfaith activities, and served as the president of the Interfaith Council of Plattsburgh and Clinton County in 2004 and 2005. That year he left Beth Israel to marry Peter Blackmer of Vermont, and become the associate rabbi of the Ohavi Zedek Synagogue of Burlington, Vermont.
Heidi Waldmann, also ordained at the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College, served as rabbi from 2005 to 2008. Andrew Goodman joined as rabbi that year, his first pulpit. He left in June 2010, to pursue studies at Virginia Commonwealth University. He was succeeded by Emma Gottlieb, a May 2010 graduate of Hebrew Union College in New York City.
As with her predecessor, Beth Israel was Gottlieb's first pulpit, though she had previously done a two-year internship at a synagogue in Rye, New York. Her father, Daniel Gottlieb, was also a rabbi. Though the younger Rabbi Gottlieb was supposed to start at Beth Israel on July 1, she was delayed in taking up the role because she was a native of Toronto, Canada. Recent regulatory changes made the application process for foreign clergy to work in the United States lengthy, and she wasn't able to enter the country until mid-August. Gottlieb served as rabbi until 2012.
In July 2012, Kari Tuling became Beth Israel's spiritual leader. Ordained at Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati in 2004, Ohio she previously served congregations in Indiana and Ohio taught at the University of Cincinnati for five years. 
, Tuling was the synagogue's rabbi. Temple Beth Israel was the only synagogue in New York State north of Glens Falls that has a full-time rabbi.

</doc>
<doc id="18534046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534046" title="Temple Beth Israel (Fresno, California)">
Temple Beth Israel (Fresno, California)

Temple Beth Israel () is a Reform synagogue located at 6622 North Maroa Avenue in Fresno, California. Founded in 1919, it was the first and remains the oldest synagogue in the San Joaquin Valley.
, the rabbi was Rick Winer.

</doc>
<doc id="18534048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534048" title="Temple Beth Israel (York, Pennsylvania)">
Temple Beth Israel (York, Pennsylvania)

Temple Beth Israel is a Reform synagogue located at 2090 Hollywood Drive in York, Pennsylvania. Founded in 1877 as the Hebrew Reformed Congregation Temple Beth Israel, it joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations (now Union for Reform Judaism) in 1907. That year it completed the construction of its first building, a Moorish Revival brick building topped with large, copper Onion domes.
In 1962 Beth Israel started construction on its current facilities, completing the Religious school wing, auditorium, and social facilities, and in 1966 it completed work on the sanctuary. , the rabbi was Jeffrey Astrachan.

</doc>
<doc id="18534088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534088" title="Trail, Oregon">
Trail, Oregon

Trail is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Jackson County, Oregon, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office with a ZIP code of 97541. Trail lies at the intersection of Oregon Route 227 and Oregon Route 62, just north of Shady Cove and west of Lost Creek Lake, which is a reservoir of the Rogue River. Trail is located around the mouth of Trail Creek at the Rogue River.
Climate.
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Trail has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18534098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534098" title="Nass (Islam)">
Nass (Islam)

Nass ( ) also spelt as nas is an Arabic word meaning “a known, or clear, legal injunction”. In Islam it is predominantly used to denote the process of appointing another person in one's position. It is especially used by leaders of Islam to appoint their successor. Nass is a process not a code word. The word nass may or may not be used during the actual process of performing the nass. Nass may be done once or many times on the same successor depending on the situation of the mentality and belief of the people. It also depends on the kind of enemies that the person performing the nass has. If the enemies are strong the nass is done again and again on different pretext. Further if the minds of the followers are weak or if their faith in the religion is weak then the nas is done repeatedly such that it is imprinted on their minds and no confusion exist as to who the successor is.
Open or Explicit nass.
When a person petforms nass in front of the members of the religious community or in front of the general public at large it is called an open or explicit nass. Here the person performing the nass intends that the people come to know about the nass and accept the successor. This is not always possible as these leaders have many enemies and it is possible that they may harm the successor or device ways to huror instigate people against the successor. It is also possible that the people may not be ready to accept the successor or the people may start to ponder as to why a successor is named so soon and may work out some depressing answers which may prove detrimental to the progress of the religion. Lastly the person performing the nass may not have the permission to do so from the one to whom he is answerable to which all lead the person performing the nass to do so privately or secretly.
Secret or private nass.
Due to the many reasons mentioned above and also due to the fact that tomorrow is uncertain most of the leaders perform their nass in private or secret. Private nass is done before two or few people, other than the one doing the nass and the one upon whom the nass is done, under an oath of not disclosing the nass to the members of religious community or the public at large until further instructions from the person doing the nass or to make the nass explicit at a particular time after the demise of the person doing the nass. A private nass is sought for only when explicit nass is not done. But even in a private nass two or more witness is compulsory and some sort of a covenent would be documented so as to prove that nass is actually done.
Nass among Prophets.
Though nass is an Islamic term the practice of the same was prevailent even during the period of the prophets. It is said that Nabi Adam had done nass on Nabi Abel but due to enmity Kabel, the other son of Nabi Adam, killed Abel so Nabi Adam had to again do nass on Nabi Sheesh. And the process of nass continued such that the last Nabi of the period of Nabi Adam does nass on Nabi Noah. The process goes on such the last Nabi of the period of Nabi Noah does nass on Nabi Ibrahim such that the process of nass reaches Nabi Mosa (Moses) and Nabi Esa (Jesus) and from there on the process of nass on Nabi ends upon Nabi Muhammed, who is the last Nabi. Nabi Muhammed does nass on Maulana Ali at Ghadir al-Khumm and Maulana Ali establishes the nass over Imam.
Nass among Imams.
The first Imam that Maulana Ali performed nass upon was his son Imam Hasan who in turn performed nass upon Imam Husain. Then Imam Husain performed nass on his son Imam Ali Zainulabeddin in Karbala who performed nass on Imam Muhammad al-Baqir such that the process of nass reaches the 21st Imam whose father Imam Amir was the last if the Fatimid Caliphate. The 21st Imam went into seclusion establishing the institution of Dai.
Nass among Dai.
In the institution of Dai, the first was Syedna Zoeb who did nas upon Syedna Ibrahim, who in turn did nass upon Syedna Hatim and the process goes on till date. This process of nass too has created various sects of religious beliefs in the world.
Religious sects.
All the religious sects in the world were formed by the believing or non believing in the line of nass being done. All through the periods of nass there had been false claims of nass been done other than the true nass. These false claims have led to the formation of religious sects. Like during the period of Nabi Adam there were two main sects one the followers of Adam and the other, the idol worshipers. By the end of period of Nabi Noah many sects had been formed at the times of nass over certain Nabis during this period. Nabi Ibrahim formed the Hebrew sect but there was many sects by then. While some survived, some became extinct and others got merged into one another. Nabi Mosa brought the Jewish religion, his followers accepted the religion while others continued with their respective religions. The same process continued when Nabi Esa brought Christianity such that the last Nabi Muhammad arrived bringing the religion of Islam. The same continued during the period of the Imam and the Dai.
Some of the religions after separating from the line of nass followed the process of electing their religious leaders by vote or consencious or some other process accepted by that religious sect. While some people decided to follow their own beliefs based on science and opted out of not only the process of nass but also out of the religious process.
List of known religious sects.
This is a list of known religious sects that were formed as a direct or indirect effect of a nass being done,false claim of a nass being done, misunderstanding of the people about the nass being done etc.
There may be many other sects that might have been formed. As mentioned earlier many sects might have come to an end, many might have merged with one another, some might not have reasonable following, some might be in some remote inaccessible places that their existence is not known. And still new sects are being formed because of the issue of nass. The above list will have quiet a number of names of religious sects.

</doc>
<doc id="18534107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534107" title="List of Chicago Bulls head coaches">
List of Chicago Bulls head coaches

The Chicago Bulls are an American professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois. They are a member of the Central Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf and coached by Tom Thibodeau. They play their home games in the United Center. The Bulls first joined the NBA in the as an expansion team. Coached by Johnny Kerr, the team finished its first season with a 33–48 record, the best record achieved by an expansion team in its first year of play, and secured a playoff berth. The Bulls won their first NBA championship in the 1991 NBA Finals while coached by Phil Jackson. They won five additional NBA championships in the 1990s under Jackson.
There have been 21 head coaches for the Bulls franchise. Phil Jackson is also the franchise's all-time leader in regular season games coached, regular season games won, playoff games coached, and playoff games won. Jackson and Jerry Sloan are the only Bulls coaches to have been inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach. Kerr, Dick Motta, Jackson, and Thibodeau have won NBA Coach of the Year with the team. Ed Badger, Bill Berry, Bill Cartwright, Pete Myers and Jim Boylan have all spent their entire NBA head coaching careers with the Bulls. Sloan, Cartwright, and Myers formerly played for the Bulls.
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the .

</doc>
<doc id="18534111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534111" title="Paillataru">
Paillataru

Paillataru was the toqui of the Mapuche from 1564 to 1574. He succeaded Illangulién in 1564 following his death in the Battle of Angol. Paillataru was said to be the brother or cousin of Lautaro.
During the first years of his command he led raids from time to time to ravage and plunder the possessions of the Spaniards, always avoiding a decisive conflict. In 1565, Paillataru with a body of troops harassed the neighborhood of the city of Cañete. The Real Audiencia of Chile that had taken control of the government of Chile, attempted to make peace with Paillataru. He conducted negotiations but with the aim to delay the conflict not end it. During the negotiations Paillataru took the opportunity to build a pucará in a naturally strong position within two leagues of Cañete.
When it became known in Concepción of Paillataru's activity, the court lost their hopes for peace, and appointed captain Martin Ruiz de Gamboa to head an army of 100 Spaniards and 200 Indian auxiliaries with Lorenzo Bernal del Mercado as his Maestro de Campo. Gamboa's force stormed the fortress and after a long fight captured it after setting it afire, and dispersed Paillataru's army killing 200 of them and capturing some others. Following the battle Pedro Cortez with a party of cazadores harassed the country immediately around the city so well that for a long time the Mapuche could not gather to conduct operations of significance.
In 1568 Paillataru had collected a new army and occupied the heights of Catirai. Immediately, the new governor Melchor Bravo de Saravia marched against the toqui with three hundred Spanish soldiers and a large number of Indian auxiliaries. There Paillataru gave the Spaniards a defeat and the governor escaped with the remnant of his troops to Angol, where he resigned the command of the army, appointing Gamboa as its general. Intimidated by his defeat, he ordered Gamboa to evacuate the fortress of Arauco, leaving large numbers of horses to be captured by the Mapuche.
Paillataru, who had moved from Catirai to destroy the Spanish fort at Quiapo, marched afterward against Canete, which he attempted to besiege. However Gamboa advanced to meet him with all the troops he could raise and in a long bloody battle compelled Paillataru to retreat. Gamboa followed up by invading Araucanian territory, intending to ravage it as they had before but Paillataru with fresh levies returned and compelled Gamboa to retreat.
Paillataru was succeeded on his death by the toqui Paineñamcu the Mapuche name of the mestizo Alonzo Diaz.

</doc>
<doc id="18534112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534112" title="Apes of Wrath">
Apes of Wrath

Apes of Wrath is a 1959 animated short featuring Bugs Bunny. This cartoon recycles the plot from the previous animated short "Gorilla My Dreams" (1948). The title is a parody of John Steinbeck's novel "The Grapes of Wrath".
Plot.
The cartoon opens with the drunk stork talking to himself in the woods, while the gorilla baby he is supposed to deliver walks out of his bag. The stork is shocked to find that he has no baby to deliver. He has to find that new baby or he'll be kicked out of the Stork Club. Coincidentally, what scene should appear next... none other than Bugs Bunny, who is singing "I dream of Genie, she's a light brown hare..." while roasting a carrot not too far from him. The stork knocks him out with a stick and takes him to the gorilla house, as the new baby. The bag is closed and they are both excited, until they open the bag, which reveals Bugs. Elvis (the male gorilla) goes to get a club to hit Bugs with, but the mother (dubbed "MAMA!" throughout the episode) stops him. MAMA explains "no matter what he looks like, he's still your son!" Bugs Bunny awakens, and is not about to assume position of a baby gorilla, so he tries to get away, to which his gorilla mother responds with a spanking for trying to run away.
Elvis growls at Bugs when mother gorilla prompts him to "kiss your son". So she hits him over the head with a rolling pin, to get him to stop scaring the "baby". When Bugs saw that, he said to himself "Hey! this promises to be fun! Eh, so I'll be a monkey". From that point on Bugs decides to make Elvis's life miserable. As Elvis rocks Bugs' cradle rather unpleasantly, he tries to sneak away from Bugs who responds with a horrid tantrum "Waah, I wanna drinka water! Waah, I wanna drinka water!"; to which Elvis responds by dumping a bucket of water over him then the scene changes to Elvis still holding the bucket then fades just before the mother gorilla hits him. The scene changes and they're outdoors, where MAMA tells Elvis to "play horsey with baby". Elvis plays for a few seconds then sends Bugs flying up into the air, then lands on Elvis; to which he responds by chasing Bugs. To Bugs best of luck, MAMA is nearby who soon takes control of the situation by clobbering Elvis with the rolling pin, then Bugs does the same while saying "bad ol' daddy" (almost like Tweety's famous line, "Bad ol' putty tat".)
MAMA leaves Bugs in the care of Elvis once more, this time with Bugs hitting Elvis constantly over the head with a baseball bat. MAMA walks away while saying "yeah that's it, keep baby happy". Elvis then takes the bat and breaks it in two, but Bugs yells "MAMA", and Elvis decides to replace the bat for Bugs; rather that letting MAMA know what just happened. While this is happening the stork is already taking to MAMA about his mistake, then gives her their real baby, Elvis hears MAMA yelling: "Elvis look! The Stork brought us our real baby". Bugs finally appreciates the danger he is in, and tried to run away. Then he crosses a rope bridge and tries to keep Elvis at bay threatening to cut it if he crosses it; Elvis instead pulls the entire opposing cliff-side to him in one effortless yank of the rope. He tries to hit Bugs, but he got away to the bottom of the cliff. When Elvis sees him, he throws a huge boulder toward Bugs. Bugs has no idea that there's a boulder coming towards him, but moves away when he sees MAMA coming to say: "ELVIS! Guess what the baby said?" while she steps right into the spot where the boulder should land! Elvis realizes the misfortune of what just happened, and tries to apologize to MAMA, but she begins to hit him with the rolling pin off-screen. Bugs says: "I'd like to see him eeh-ooh-aah-ooh and but his way outta this one", while the stork mistakenly delivers a baby to Bugs. The baby turns out to be Daffy. Daffy closes the cartoon by kissing and hugging Bugs and saying: "Ooh, I love you mommy!", all to Bugs' noticeable annoyance.
Availability.
""Apes of Wrath"" is available, uncensored and uncut, on the "Looney Tunes Superstars" and "Looney Tunes: Unleashed" DVDs. However, in both cases it was cropped to widescreen.

</doc>
<doc id="18534134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534134" title="Clemens Markets">
Clemens Markets

Clemens Markets also known as Clemens Family Markets was a supermarket chain in the Philadelphia area. It was family-owned from the founding of its first store in Lansdale, Pennsylvania to the sale of the company in 2006. Clemens was one of three independent supermarket chains to identify as "family markets" in Greater Philadelphia. Another was Genuardi's, which was sold to Safeway Inc. in 2000. The last one was Giunta's, which went out of business soon after Clemens. During the 1980s and 1990s, Clemens expanded by opening many new locations; eventually Clemens operated 20 supermarkets in three Pennsylvania counties, moving its headquarters to Kulpsville, Pennsylvania in 1993. The chain eventually acquired many Thriftway/Shop 'n Bag franchises. Many of these were also former Acme, A&P, Food Fair, and Penn Fruit stores. Clemens later acquired many former Shop 'n Save stores which themselves started as Super G. In 1999, it introduced its upscale FoodSource division, which had three locations. One of these stores was a former Zagara's, a gourmet supermarket chain itself a division of Genuardi's and later Safeway.
In late 2006, Clemens was acquired by Giant, but several of its stores in Montgomery and Bucks counties in Pennsylvania were sold to Super Fresh. Two of the three FoodSource stores have been closed since the buyout. Clemens Family Markets website is http://web.archive.org/web/20061024015511/http://www.clemensmarkets.com/ . The remaining store is now owned by Giant Food Stores.

</doc>
<doc id="18534137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534137" title="Rock Point, Oregon">
Rock Point, Oregon

Rock Point is an unincorporated community in Jackson County, Oregon, United States. Rock point lies just north of the I-5 and Oregon Route 99 interchange. Rock Point is located between Rogue River and Gold Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="18534139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534139" title="Parasphendale affinis">
Parasphendale affinis

"Parasphendale affinis," given the common name budwing mantis, named because of the female's short wings, is a species of praying mantis. They can grow to 4 inches long and have a low mortality rate as nymphs. They originate from Kenya and are always a mottled brown and reddish pink color. They have a voracious appetite, and have been known to gorge themselves to the point of illness when kept in captivity with an unlimited food source. Due to their level of activity, though they can be kept in captivity, they require more space than other mantis species.

</doc>
<doc id="18534141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534141" title="Wanna Bet?">
Wanna Bet?

Wanna Bet? is an American game show which aired on ABC. It featured four celebrities making wagers on whether ordinary Americans will be able to complete outrageous stunts.
An episode of the show began with four celebrities being given $25,000 to wager on the success or failure of ordinary Americans completing outrageous stunts. Show hosts Ant & Dec introduced a stunt performer and the stunt they claim they will be able to complete, and the celebrities then guess whether the performer will successfully complete the stunt or if they will fail to complete the stunt. The celebrities also lock in the amount of money they'd like to wager on performer's ability to complete the stunt, but the exact amount of the wager is not revealed to the viewing audience. The performer then attempts the stunt, and afterward the celebrities' wagers are revealed and the amount of money earned is totalled. The celebrity with the most money totalled at the end of an episode wins that amount for their favorite charity.
Due to poor ratings, the show was cancelled after one season.
Differences to the original show.
"Wanna Bet?" was based on the German entertainment show Wetten, dass..? which is shown in Austria, Switzerland, Italy and Germany. The show in Europe normally lasts up to 120 to 150 minutes and is broadcast an average 6 times a year. The first show started in 1981. After every show viewers can call for their favourite bet wager and he / she can win 1000, 2000, 3000, 4000 or 5000 Euros by becoming the bet king. In the show included is a child bet, where a child can bet a difficult task and is awarded outside the competition. The child normally gets an extraordinary present (training with the soccer national team and visit a game of the team, or visit a concert music performance of famous musician). The show is also broadcast from different locations around Europe (Xanten, Disneyland Paris, Palma de Mallorca, Vienna, Berlin, Berne, and other locations in mainly German-speaking areas.
Ratings.
The series tanked in the Nielsen ratings, first on Mondays, then on Tuesdays, usually losing to repeats of sitcoms, "NCIS" and "Big Brother 10" on CBS, reruns of "House" on Fox, "America's Got Talent" on NBC (also including their 2008 Summer Olympics coverage) and the Spanish "telenovela Fuego En La Sangre" on Univision. It didn't even help matters when the first three shows were scheduled after "" on July 21 and 28 as well as August 4 before moving to Tuesdays as of August 12.
Original U.S. version.
The series was first seen on American television fifteen years earlier, as an hour-long special that aired on CBS in 1993, with Mark McEwen and Gordon Elliott as co-hosts. The panel consisted of Marsha Warfield, Martin Mull, Victoria Jackson, and Evander Holyfield.

</doc>
<doc id="18534146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534146" title="Koytur">
Koytur

Koytur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18534152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534152" title="Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 105 kg">
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 105 kg

The men's 105 kg weightlifting event was the seventh men's event at the weightlifting competition, limiting competitors to a maximum of 105 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 18, but was divided in two parts due to the number of competitors. Group B weightlifters competed at 15:30, and Group A, at 19:00. This event was the fourteenth Weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18534163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534163" title="Wimer, Oregon">
Wimer, Oregon

Wimer is an unincorporated community in Jackson County, Oregon, United States. Wimer is north of Rogue River.

</doc>
<doc id="18534181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534181" title="List of Koihime Musō episodes">
List of Koihime Musō episodes

This is a list of episodes of "Koihime Musō", a Japanese anime television series based on the visual novel of the same name. The "Koihime Musou" anime began airing in Japan on July 8 and ended on September 23, 2008, on Tokyo MX TV and the Chiba TV. This was followed by an OVA released on April 1, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18534210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534210" title="Jamie McGhee">
Jamie McGhee

Jamie McGhee (born 28 September 1989 in Grantham) is an English footballer who currently plays for Grantham Town, as a right-sided midfielder.
McGhee is a graduate of the Mansfield Town youth academy, and made his first-team debut for the Stags near the end of the 2006-07 season, appearing as a substitute in the League Two games against Swindon and Bury. He did not feature for Mansfield's first-team in 2007-08, and appeared only once during the 2008-09 season (against York City in the Setanta Shield). He was released by Mansfield at the end of the season, and signed for Corby Town in July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18534234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534234" title="Robert Younis">
Robert Younis

Robert Younis (born 14 August 1985) is an Australian footballer who plays for Bonnyrigg White Eagles in the New South Wales Premier League.
Club career.
Younis signed for Adelaide in 2008 after an impressive two seasons for APIA Leichhardt in the NSW Premier League which saw him net a phenomenal 38 goals in just 43 appearances. After an indifferent start to his professional career at United, Robert came on as a 78th minute sub against and made an immediate impact setting up Brazilian Alemão to equalise in the eventual 2–1 win.
In April 2009, a goal shy Robbie was released from Adelaide United by mutual consent. He has since re-signed with former club, APIA Leichhardt for the 2009 NSW Premier League season.
As of 26 April 2009, Robbie has played 7 games for APIA and has yet to score a goal.
On 2 May 2009, Younis finally got on the scoresheet with a well taken penalty against bitter rivals Marconi Stallions.
Robbie continues to lead the line for APIA and had an exceptional 2010 season where he banged hom 16 goals.
Younis has signed for the Bonnyrigg White Eagles for the 2012 NSWPL season.
Career statistics.
1 – included A-League final series statistics<br>
2 – includes Club World Cup statistics; Asian Champions League statistics included in season commencing after group stages.

</doc>
<doc id="18534236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534236" title="Lechters Housewares">
Lechters Housewares

Lechters Housewares was a national chain of kitchen-supply stores in the United States, based in Harrison, New Jersey. Many of its stores were in malls. Its store-brand products used the name Cooks Club. It owned the Costless Home Store chain. In 2000, it renamed its stores Lechters Thinkkitchen in advertising, but it was not able to convert its stores to the brand when it declared bankruptcy. It went out of business in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18534256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534256" title="Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's +105 kg">
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's +105 kg

The Men's +105 kg weightlifting event was the heaviest men's event at the 2008 Summer Olympics weightlifting competition, allowing competitors of over 105 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 19, but was divided in two parts due to the number of competitors. Group B weightlifters competed at 15:30, and Group A, at 19:00. This event was the fifteenth and last weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18534257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534257" title="Warren Burrell">
Warren Burrell

Warren Burrell (born 3 June 1990 in Sheffield) is an English footballer who currently plays for Sheffield FC, as a midfielder.
Burrell is a graduate of the Mansfield Town F.C. youth academy, and made his first-team debut in the last game of the 2007-08 season against Dagenham & Redbridge, coming on as a substitute for Nathan Arnold. He was also captain of Mansfield's youth team, and signed a professional contract with the club in June 2008. He is currently captain of Sheffield FC

</doc>
<doc id="18534263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534263" title="Tom Jenkins (disambiguation)">
Tom Jenkins (disambiguation)

Tom Jenkins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18534271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534271" title="Blindfold (album)">
Blindfold (album)

Blindfold is the second and final album from American indie hip hop group Greenthink. It was self-released on CD and cassette in 1999. It was reissued on A Purple 100 in 2002.
The album was a collaborative, pre-Clouddead project featuring many of the same musicians, led by Doseone and Why?. "Blindfold" is the only commercially available Greenthink album.
Personnel.
These are only a few of the many musicians who collaborated to create the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18534277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534277" title="Lidija Mihajlović">
Lidija Mihajlović

Lidija Mihajlović (Serbian Cyrillic: Лидија Михајловић; born September 23, 1968 in Niš, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia), is a Serbian sport shooter. 
Mihajlović began her shooting career at SK "NIŠ 1881", in her native city of Niš and she is currently coached by Zoran Stojiljković. 
She has participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona as an Independent Olympic Participant, due to the country of Yugoslavia being under United Nations sanctions which prevented the country from taking part in the Olympics. However, individual Yugoslav athletes were allowed to take part as Independent Olympic Participants. She represented Serbia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China, as she gained qualification for two different events. She finished 7th in the 50 metre rifle three positions event.
During her career, she has won five international medals (four silver, one gold) and also two European medals (one silver, one bronze).
Mihajlović gained her qualification to the 2008 Summer Olympics by taking 4th place at the 2006 ISSF World Shooting Championships in Zagreb, Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="18534283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534283" title="Okinawa Christian Junior College">
Okinawa Christian Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18534285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534285" title="NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The NCAA Men's Basketball All-American Teams are teams made up of National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) basketball players voted the best in the country by a variety of organizations.
History.
College basketball All-American teams were first named by both "College Humor" magazine and the Christy Walsh Syndicate in 1929. In 1932, the Converse shoe company began publishing All-American teams in their yearly "Converse Basketball Yearbook," and continued doing so until they ceased publication of the yearbook in 1983. The Helms Athletic Foundation, created in 1936, retroactively named All-American teams for years 1905–35, and also continued naming teams until 1983. The Associated Press began naming its team selections in 1948.
Consensus teams.
While an increasing number of media outlets select All-America teams, the NCAA recognizes consensus All-America teams back to 1905. These teams have drawn from two to six major media sources over the years, and are intended to reflect the opinions of most college basketball experts. Today the four teams used to select consensus teams are: the Associated Press, The National Association of Basketball Coaches, the United States Basketball Writers Association and "Sporting News" magazine. Since 1984, the NCAA has applied a standardized point system to those teams designated as "major" All-American teams to determine consensus teams. The point system consists of three points for first team, two points for second team and one point for third team. No honorable mention or fourth team or lower are used in the computation. The top five totals plus ties are first team and the next five plus ties are second team.
Team leaders.
The top ten schools with the most consensus first team All-Americans are listed below, ranked by total number of selections. For a complete list, please see the official NCAA records.
Academic All-Americans.
In 1963, the first Academic All-American basketball team was named. The first team, selected by the College Sports Information Directors of America (CoSIDA), consisted of: Rod Thorn of West Virginia, Ken Charlton of Colorado, Gerry Ward of Boston College, Art Becker of Arizona State and Ray Flynn of Providence. CoSIDA has named Academic All-America teams continuously each year since.
Preseason All-Americans.
In 1986, the Associated Press named the first preseason All-America team for the 1986–87 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Navy's David Robinson was the leading vote-getter that year. He was joined on the team by Steve Alford of Indiana, Danny Manning of Kansas, Kenny Smith of North Carolina and Pervis Ellison of Louisville. In 2011, Harrison Barnes of North Carolina became the first freshman voted a preseason All-American by the AP.

</doc>
<doc id="18534294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534294" title="2008 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
2008 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 2008 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The Sporting News and the National Association of Basketball Coaches. 
2008 Consensus All-America team.
The following players were consensus All-Americans.
<onlyinclude>
<br>
</onlyinclude>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:
Academic All-Americans.
On February 26, 2008, CoSIDA and "ESPN The Magazine" announced the 2009 Academic All-American team with Adam Emmenecker headlining the University Division as the men's college basketball Academic All-American of the Year.
2007–08 "ESPN The Magazine" Academic All-America Men’s Basketball Team (University Division) as selected by CoSIDA:

</doc>
<doc id="18534295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534295" title="Coastal Corporation">
Coastal Corporation

Coastal Corporation was a diversified energy and petroleum products company headquartered at 9 Greenway Plaza (Coastal Tower) in Greenway Plaza, Houston, Texas. The company was founded in 1955 by Oscar Wyatt and incorporated in 1955 as Coastal States Gas Producing Company. It was a major energy producer when it merged with the El Paso corporation in 2001. As of 1999, Coastal was a Fortune 500 company with 13,300 employees and annual Revenues of $8.2 billion.
Products.
Coastal produced and marketed petroleum, natural gas, electricity, and coal. It also sold gasoline at Coastal-branded gas stations: by 1999, Coastal Refining and Marketing operated 962 gas stations across in 33 states and was supplied by four refineries, including a 150,000 bbl per day refinery in Corpus Christi, Texas, a 180,000 bbl per day refinery in Eagle Point, New Jersey, a 250,000 barrel per day refinery on Aruba, and a 25,000 bbl per day refinery geared for asphalt production in Chickasaw, Alabama. Coastal Corporation also owned and operated a fleet of oil tankers, tugs, and barges. Sales in 1991 totaled $9.549 billion. Coastal Corporation was a major supplier of marine diesel in the Caribbean, natural gas in Colorado, and heating oil in the Northeast.
Coastal was a key natural gas producer and distributor along with competitors Enron, Williams, and El Paso Energy, which Coastal later merged with. Coastal produced, gathered, processed, transported, stored and marketed natural gas throughout the United States and by the 1990s Coastal's 20,000-mile pipeline network, including the Iroquois and Great Lakes pipeline, completed in 1991, and the Empire State Pipeline, completed in 1992, transported five billion cubic feet of natural gas daily.
El Paso lawsuit and merger.
In 2003, Coastal sued the El Paso Corporation for allegedly misrepresenting its intentions for Coastal assets. After the merger of Coastal and El Paso Corporation, the former began divesting itself of Coastal assets beginning in 2001. El Paso needed the cash to repay mounting debt it had acquired from following much the same business model as Enron, where El Paso had heavily leveraged itself to fuel sales into new markets for electricity.
As Coastal's petroleum marketing and production assets were being sold off piece by piece to competitors Valero, Sunoco, and Conoco Phillips, Oscar Wyatt was being investigated for illegally doing business with Iraq's Saddam Hussein in violation of United Sanctions that strictly regulated Iraqi sales of crude oil. In 2007, Oscar Wyatt pled guilty in a U.S. federal court for illegally sending payments to Iraq under the Oil for Food program.
Oscar Wyatt.
Founder Oscar Wyatt served in World War II as a bomber pilot, earned a degree in mechanical engineering from Texas A & M University, and gained experience in the oil business as a partner in Wymore Oil Company. In 1955, Wyatt founded Coastal States Gas Producing Company. Coastal began business in modest circumstances, with 68 miles of pipeline and 78 employees. Wyatt's pipeline company purchased small amounts of gas from a number of producers, packaged it, and then sold it in larger volumes. Gas gathering became the company's primary business. Wyatt developed effective pipeline systems that connected both buyers and sellers and still left room for profits. Most pipeline owners set output quotas to make an oil field last for up to 20 years. Wyatt ignored this convention and generally purchased as much gas from producers as they could pump. The practice frustrated other pipeline owners, but the arrangement worked to Coastal's advantage, and by 1960 revenues exceeded $17.6 million.
As the U.S. economy grew in the 1960s, dependence on energy sources, notably oil and gas, also increased, and Coastal took full advantage of the soaring demand. By the early 1960s Coastal's newly created subsidiary, LoVaca Gathering Company, supplied gas to San Antonio, Austin, Corpus Christi, and other cities in south Texas. In 1962 Coastal purchased 800 miles of crude oil pipeline from Sinclair Oil Corporation, including a major refinery in Corpus Christi with a capacity for almost 30,000 barrels of oil per day. Later, as oil refining became one of its principal activities, Coastal extended this capacity. Much of Coastal's subsequent expansion came through takeovers—often hostile—of rival companies. Wyatt acquired a reputation as a tough business competitor. In 1968 Coastal acquired a 965-mile system from United Pipeline Company. In the same year Wyatt won control of Rio Grande Valley Gas Company. In June 1970 the company announced plans to link its west Texas natural gas reserves to the Dallas area.
The 1970s : rapid expansion.
In the early 1970s events in the Middle East overshadowed the rise of Coastal. The Arab-dominated Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), by presenting a united front, began to win price increases. In 1971 OPEC cut production and raised prices by 70 percent, and by 1974 prices had quadrupled, leading to the energy crisis of the mid-1970s. LoVaca, Coastal's pipeline subsidiary, had signed fixed-price contracts to supply cities in south Texas with natural gas. With energy prices soaring and supplies dwindling, LoVaca could not meet its contractual obligations, and at one point it cut off gas supplies to the cities of San Antonio and Austin during the winter. Wyatt then obtained regulatory permission to increase prices beyond the limits specified in the contracts.
LoVaca was the target of lawsuits by outraged customers, and the problems of the subsidiary caused problems for Coastal for years. Coastal finally settled $1.6 billion in lawsuits by agreeing to spin off LoVaca. The spinoff, Valero Energy Corporation, which was formed on December 31, 1979, from LoVaca and other Coastal assets, had annual revenues of about $1 billion. The customers suing Coastal received 55 percent of Valero's stock, with the remaining split among Coastal shareholders, not including Wyatt. At the plaintiffs' insistence, he was excluded from the agreement.
Despite the impact of the energy crisis, Coastal maintained its profitability and continued to expand throughout the 1970s. Expansion was not confined to Texas. In 1973, Coastal acquired Colorado Interstate Gas Company, formerly the Derby Oil Company of Wichita, Kansas, along with its three refineries in a $182 million hostile bid. With the acquisition, Coastal became a national company. In 1973, Wyatt renamed the company Coastal States Gas Corporation.
In the first half of the decade, Coastal also sought to diversify into other energy markets. In 1973 Coastal entered the coal mining field with the acquisition of Southern Utah Fuel Company. Also in 1973, with the acquisition of Union Petroleum Corporation, renamed Belcher New England, Inc., Coastal began the marketing and distribution of petroleum products. By 1975 revenues had reached $1.9 billion. Coastal's expansion continued in 1976 with the purchase of Pacific Refining Company's plant in Hercules, California, which increased Coastal's refining capacity to about 300,000 barrels per day. In 1977 Coastal acquired Miami-based Belcher Oil Company, one of the largest marketers of fuel oils in the Southeast.
Name change and legal issues.
In 1980 Wyatt changed the company's name to Coastal Corporation, and in the same year revenues exceeded $5 billion. In 1980 in Houston, Wyatt and two other oil executives pleaded guilty to criminal violations of federal crude oil pricing regulations. Wyatt and the president of Coral Petroleum were each fined $40,000. Each company was required to refund $9 million to the U.S. Department of the Treasury, and each incurred $1 million in civil penalties. Economic recession and an oversupply of oil and natural gas, as well as conservation by consumers, led to Coastal's first loss, which amounted to $96.4 million for the year 1981. Wyatt trimmed the workforce and cut the budget, and within six months he had restored the company to profitability.
In the mid-1980s the U.S. government sought to foster competition in the natural gas industry through deregulation. The new government policy, together with falling prices, created difficulties for many energy companies. Coastal not only survived deregulation but also took full advantage of the competitive atmosphere by launching hostile takeover bids for other struggling energy companies. The mere threat of a takeover by Coastal could send the stock price of a target company soaring. In 1983, for example, Coastal's attempt to secure Texas Gas Resources failed, yet Coastal's initial investment in the company generated a total of $26.4 million in profits. Intervening companies that came to the rescue of Texas Gas Resources were forced to buy up shares held by Coastal at inflated prices. Wyatt's unsuccessful attempt to take over Houston Natural Gas in 1984 yielded a similar return of $42 million. In 1985 Wyatt set about acquiring American Natural Resources (ANR), one of the most profitable natural gas pipelines in the Midwest. Despite ANR's initial determination to stay free of Coastal's clutches, Wyatt pushed through an all-cash deal of $2.45 billion, which ANR shareholders could not refuse. The acquisition transformed Coastal into a major power in the U.S. gas business.
In 1987, despite sanctions prohibiting U.S. companies from dealing with Libya because of its terrorist connections, Wyatt negotiated a deal in which Libya supplied oil to Coastal's refinery in Hamburg, Germany. Wyatt's deal was legal because foreign subsidiaries of U.S. companies were exempt from U.S. regulations.
In the late 1980s Coastal took advantage of improved economic relations between the United States and the People's Republic of China. In 1988 Coastal concluded an agreement with China National Chemicals Import and Export Corporation (Sinochem) for joint ownership of Coastal's Pacific Refining Company. Coastal and Sinochem each held a 50 percent interest in the West Coast refiner. The agreement provided certain advantages for both sides. Sinochem obtained an opportunity to invest in the United States as well as a long-term outlet for crude oil, and Coastal secured a dependable supply of crude oil in a volatile world oil market. This joint venture represented the first investment in U.S. energy assets by China.
A key to the company's successful strategy was the continued high productivity of all Coastal employees, from unskilled workers to those in management. Coal workers employed by Coastal produced twice the industry average, and the expectations for Coastal's management staff were high. Indeed, the constant pressure for results led to a high management turnover, with Coastal's refinery business alone having five different managers between 1980 and 1989.
Steady acquisitions and growth.
The U.S. government took action against Coastal's agreement with Libya in 1991 by prohibiting U.S. citizens from working for the venture. This act did not dissuade Wyatt from further deals with countries in the Middle East, however. Coastal bought large amounts of Iraqi crude in the 1980s, and prior to the commencement of the Persian Gulf War, Wyatt offered to sell Iraqi President Saddam Hussein part of the company's international marketing and refining operations. U.S. sanctions against Iraq following the war prevented Coastal from purchasing Iraqi oil, but Wyatt maintained close relations with Iraq in hopes of gaining access to the oil at some time in the future.
In 1992 Coastal shut down its Derby refinery in Kansas when its refining and marketing division reported an operating loss of $192 million, but the company continued to grow, seeking acquisitions and joint ventures to streamline operations. In the following year, in fact, Coastal adopted an aggressive growth strategy. Through its subsidiary ANR Pipeline Company, Coastal completed construction on the Empire State Pipeline, a 156-mile line that ran from Niagara Falls to Syracuse, New York. ANR held a 50 percent interest in the pipeline, and Union Enterprises Ltd. held the remaining half. Also in 1993 the company acquired Soldier Creek Coal Co. and Sage Point Coal Co., both subsidiaries of Sun Co., Inc.
Wyatt gave up his post as CEO in 1995 but continued as chairman. David A. Arledge, the company president, became its CEO as well. In early 1995, through subsidiary Coastal Oil & Gas Corp., Coastal gained an interest in several producing fields, off the coast of Louisiana, from Koch Hydrocarbons, Inc. The company also acquired working interests in two dozen wells in the Utah area from Snyder Oil Corporation and bought the marketing assets of Exxon Corporation's subsidiary Esso Petrolera, S.A., located on the Caribbean island of Aruba.
In 1996, Coastal entered into discussions with Westcoast Energy Inc. to form a joint venture to market natural gas and electricity and to provide energy management services. The venture, which would create one of the largest marketers of natural gas and electricity in North America, was named Engage Energy. To procure funds for additional ventures, Coastal sold its Utah coal mining operations for approximately $610 million in late 1996. The company planned to keep its coal operations in the eastern United States.
When Wyatt stepped down as chairman in 1997, Arledge gained the additional post. In that year Coastal acquired an 11 percent interest in the 1,900-mile Alliance Pipeline, designed to move natural gas from western Canada to the Chicago region. Construction of the pipeline continued through the late 1990s. In 1999 Coastal announced plans to develop a 700-mile pipeline running from Mobile, Alabama, to Tampa Bay, Florida. The proposed Gulfstream Natural Gas System pipeline was designed to serve the growing natural gas and energy demand in Florida. It was projected that the pipeline would be completed by 2002.
In the late 1990s Coastal focused on its natural gas business. With excess reserves of crude oil and low refining margins, the global oil industry was in a state of chaos. The North American natural gas market, on the other hand, was a regional market, largely unaffected by global oil market conditions. In addition, according to Coastal, by 2010 the demand for natural gas was expected to grow considerably, from 22 trillion cubic feet to 30 trillion cubic feet per year. The company therefore chose to invest heavily in its natural gas operations, targeting the primary natural gas supply areas, which included the Gulf of Mexico, south Texas, the Rocky Mountains, and Canada. In June 1998 the company acquired additional interest in natural gas assets in Alabama, including a processing plant and a pipeline.
To bolster its exploration and production operations, Coastal upped its exploration and production budget by $100 million in 1998 and by $290 million in 1999. Coastal acquired oil and gas assets in northeastern Utah and western Colorado in late 1998. The company also acquired properties in the Texas Coastal Plain, a region that accounted for 45 percent of Coastal's net gas production in 1998. By February 1999 Coastal had seven oil rigs in operation. In the Gulf of Mexico region, Coastal built five drilling and production platforms in 1998. Coastal also sought international opportunities for its exploration and production operations in the late 1990s. The company announced plans to start exploration in Australia, and in October 1998 Coastal signed a deal with Petrobras, Brazil's national oil company.
Although Coastal concentrated on boosting its natural gas operations, the company continued to implement its growth strategy in other divisions. In Coastal's electric power business, the company increased its interest in a cogeneration plant in Midland, Michigan, from 10.9 to 20.4 percent in 1998. In 1999 Coastal announced plans to build a power plant in Colorado and indicated that it had reached an agreement with the Public Service Company of Colorado regarding the purchase of power. Coastal also participated in numerous international projects. In early 1999 Coastal purchased a 24.5 percent stake in a hydroelectric plant in Panama and also began operations at its Nicaragua plant. The company acquired a 66.7 percent interest in a power plant in Bangladesh and continued work on two projects in Pakistan, which were scheduled to be operational in 1999. Coastal hoped to have its Guatemala coal-fired power plant, which began construction in 1997, operational by early 2000. In September 1999 Coastal announced that, with GENER S.A., a South American electricity company, it had purchased 50 percent of the Itabo Generation Company from the Dominican Republic. Itabo owned six thermal plants near the country's capital.
Coastal's refinery facilities expanded operations in the late 1990s as well. In July 1998 the company signed a five-year deal with PMI Comercio Internacional, S.A. de C.V., a marketing subsidiary of Mexico's national oil company, Petroleos Mexicanos, in which PMI agreed to supply crude for Coastal's refinery in Aruba. Coastal began expanding the Aruba refinery in September. In 1997 Coastal entered into discussions with Venezuela's national oil company, Petróleos de Venezuela S.A. (PDVSA), regarding a venture involving Coastal's Corpus Christi refinery facilities. Coastal's refinery in Eagle Point, New Jersey, was busy in 1998 as well. In June Coastal finalized an agreement concerning the supply of crude with Norway's state oil company, Statoil Group.
In other 1998 developments, Coastal sold or closed nearly 100 retail stores, including 64 Coastal Mart stores in the Midwest, to adhere to the company's decision to dispense with nonessential businesses. The stores continued to operate under the Coastal brand name. Coastal joined Chevron Corp. and Mobil Oil Corp. in a $200 million deal to purchase crude oil from Iraq. The agreement was part of the United Nation's oil-for-food deal, in which the proceeds of the sales would be used to purchase food and medicine for Iraqi citizens, who had suffered significantly from economic sanctions in place against Saddam Hussein since 1991. Coastal also expanded its chemical operations with a newly established ammonia plant in Oyster Creek, Texas. In its coal division Coastal progressed with plans to transform the business from a processing and marketing company to one that mined, processed, and marketed its own coal.
Acquisition and divestment.
Although Coastal's operating revenues dropped considerably between 1996 and 1998, from $12.17 billion to $7.37 billion, the increased production of natural gas by more than 16 percent during 1998 and intended to continue expanding exploration and production operations as the company approached the year 2000. Though Coastal planned to seek international projects and joint ventures abroad, the company remained committed to pursuing opportunities in the United States.
Coastal was acquired by El Paso Corporation in 2001, and El Paso largely divested itself of Coastal's Petroleum business with the Coastal brand being phased out. Its website was closed immediately upon the buyout. El Paso has gradually sold off the Coastal retail gasoline business, and very few of its stations still exist under the Coastal brand , many having been converted to other major brands or generic brands. Sunoco acquired 245 service stations from Coastal on February 9, 2001 for approximately $40 million. Coastal's Eagle Point, New Jersey Refinery was sold to Sunoco while refineries in Texas and Aruba were acquired by Valero Energy. A majority of the Coastal retail gas stations were sold to Phillips 66 which later became Conoco Phillips.
Principal subsidiaries.
ANR Pipeline Company; ANR Alliance Pipeline Company U.S., Inc.; ANR Independence Pipeline Company; ANR Storage Company; Colorado Interstate Gas Company; Wyoming Interstate Company, Ltd.; Coastal Field Services Company; Coastal Gas International Company; Coastal Gas Marketing Company; Coastal Gas Services Company; Coastal Aux Sable Products Company; Coastal Gas Australia Pty Ltd.; Engage Energy US, L.P. (50%); Engage Energy Canada, L.P. (50%); Blue Lake Gas Storage Company (75%); Empire State Pipeline (50%); Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership (50%); Coastal Aruba Refining Company N.V.; Coastal Refining & Marketing, Inc.; Coastal Eagle Point Oil Company; Coastal Mobile Refining Company; Coastal Refining & Marketing, Inc.; Coastal States Trading, Inc.; Coastal Canada Petroleum, Inc.; Coastal Oil & Gas Corporation; ANR Production Company; Coastal Oil & Gas USA, L.P.; CIG Exploration, Inc.; Coastal Oil & Gas Australia Pty Ltd.; Coastal Power Company; Coastal Technology, Inc.; Coastal Coal Company, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="18534325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534325" title="Okinawa Women's Junior College">
Okinawa Women's Junior College

There are plans to open a branch of the campus in Yonabaru Town on the east coast of Okinawa Island.

</doc>
<doc id="18534331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534331" title="Cilnia humeralis">
Cilnia humeralis

Cilnia humeralis, common name Wide-armed Mantis, is an aggressive and very cannibalistic species of praying mantis from Africa.
A breeder in the United Kingdom describes "C. humeralis" as "a very stockily built species with huge forelegs; possibly the most powerful and aggressive species I have kept." 
Subspecies.
This species of mantis contains two subspecies.
"Cilnia humeralis femoralis" (Werner, 1906).
This subspecies of mantis is found in Tanzania.
"Cilnia humeralis humeralis" (Saussure, 1871).
This subspecies of mantis is found in Ethiopia, Mozambique, South Africa, Namibia. 
Synonyms of this subspecies include:

</doc>
<doc id="18534333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534333" title="Working through">
Working through

In psychodynamic psychotherapy, working through is seen as the process of repeating, elaborating, and amplifying interpretations. It is believed that such working through is critical towards the success of therapy.
The concept was introduced by Sigmund Freud in 1914, and assumed ever greater importance in psychoanalysis, in contrast to the immediacy of abreaction.
Interpretation and resistance.
Interpretations are made when the client comes up with some material, be it written, a piece of art, music, or verbal, and are intended to bring the material offered into connection with the unconscious mind. Because of the resistance to accepting the unconscious, interpretations, whether correct or partially incorrect, consciously accepted or rejected, will inevitably require amplifying and extending to other aspects of the client's life.
In a process Sandor Rado compared to the labour of mourning, the unconscious content must be demonstrated repeatedly in all its various forms and linkages - the process of working through.
Because of the power of resistance, the client's rational thought and conscious awareness may not be sufficient on their own to overcome the maladjustment, entailing further interpretation and further working through.
Rat Man.
Before formulating the concept of working through, in his case study of the Rat Man, Freud wrote of his interpretations:
"It is never the aim of discussions like these to create convictions. They are only intended to bring the repressed complexes into consciousness...and to facilitate the emergence of fresh material from the unconscious. A sense of conviction is only attained after the patient has himself worked over the reclaimed material".
Transference.
The necessity of working through the transference is stressed in almost all forms of psychodynamic therapy, from object relations theory, through the openings offered for working through by transference disruption in self psychology, to the repetitive exploration of the transference in group therapy.
External links.
Remembering, Repeating and Working Through
Working-Through

</doc>
<doc id="18534366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534366" title="Multipurpose reservoir">
Multipurpose reservoir

A multipurpose reservoir is a man-made lake which is managed for multiple purposes.
General.
Multipurpose reservoirs may be managed to balance some or all of the following activities:
The multipurpose nature of these facilities dictates that the agencies which manage them are responsible for balancing competing demands. For example, managers responsible for hydroelectric power generation often want to keep lake levels as high as possible, since the water stored in the reservoir serves as a kind of "fuel" for their generators. However, managers responsible for flood control often want to keep lake levels as low as possible to provide the maximum amount of storage capacity for rainwater runoff.
One agency often associated with multipurpose reservoir management is the Tennessee Valley Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="18534380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534380" title="List of Miss Venezuela contestants">
List of Miss Venezuela contestants

This is a list of contestants in the Miss Venezuela pageant:

</doc>
<doc id="18534394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534394" title="USS Maartensdijk (ID-2497)">
USS Maartensdijk (ID-2497)

USS "Maartensdijk" (ID-2497) was a freighter seized by U.S. Customs when the United States declared war against Germany in World War I. "Maartensdijk" – a Dutch-owned vessel -- was used by the Navy to transport military cargo across the Atlantic Ocean in support of Allied troops in Europe. 
Seized by U.S. Customs.
"Maartensdijk", a steel cargo steamer, was built as "Rapallo" by Furness Withy & Co., Ltd., West Hartlepool, England, in 1902. Prior to World War I, she sailed the Atlantic sealanes and in 1918 was owned by Holland-American Line, Rotterdam, Netherlands. "Maartensdijk" was seized by U.S. Customs at New York City 20 March 1918; turned over to the Navy 21 March; and commissioned 28 March for duty with NOTS.
World War I service.
After loading Army cargo, "Maartensdijk" departed in convoy for European waters 10 April. Steaming via Halifax, Nova Scotia, she reached St. Nazaire, France, 14 May, discharged her cargo, and sailed for the United States 15 June. During the closing months of World War I she made two more cargo runs out of New York and Boston, Massachusetts, to French ports.
Post-war service.
She returned to New York City 2 days after the signing of the Armistice. Sailing from Boston 12 December, she carried additional cargo to French ports and returned Army supplies to the United States. In all, she transported more than 27,000 tons of supplies during her four cargo runs to France. 
Post-war decommissioning.
"Maartensdijk" returned to New York City 9 February 1919. She decommissioned there 25 February 1919; transferred to the U.S. Shipping Board the same day; and subsequently was returned to her owner, Holland American Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18534409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534409" title="Prince Ludwig Rudolph of Hanover">
Prince Ludwig Rudolph of Hanover

Prince Ludwig Rudolph of Hanover (full name: Ludwig Rudolph Georg Wilhelm Philipp Friedrich Wolrad Maximilian Prinz von Hannover; 21 November 1955 – 29 November 1988) was a member of the House of Hanover and a music producer.
Early life and career.
Ludwig Rudolph was born in Hanover, Lower Saxony, Germany the third child and second son of Ernst August, Hereditary Prince of Brunswick (1914–1987) and his wife Princess Ortrud of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (1925–1980). Ludwig Rudolph was a great-great-great-great-grandson of George III of the United Kingdom and a great-grandson of Wilhelm II, German Emperor.
Ludwig Rudolph had trained to become a music producer in Los Angeles and London.
Marriage and death.
Having obtained the consent of Elizabeth II by Order in Council on 15 September 1987 pursuant to the Royal Marriages Act 1772, Ludwig Rudolph, a Lutheran, married the Roman Catholic Countess Isabelle von Thurn und Valsassina-Como-Vercelli (born 1962 in Gmunden, Upper Austria), a former fashion model at her father's ancestral Austrian estate in Bleiburg, Carinthia on 4 October 1987. She was the daughter of Count Ariprand von Thurn und Valsassina-Como-Vercelli (1925-1996), whose family has been traced back to Gorizia in the 14th century, and his wife, "née" Princess Maria von Auersperg (born 1929). Ludwig Rudolph and Isabelle had one son:
In the early hours of 29 November 1988, after the couple had entertained guests at their summer home, "Königinvilla" in Gmunden, the prince went to the bedroom where his wife had retired before midnight, and found Isabelle sprawled fully dressed across their bed. The efforts of her husband and friends to revive her proved futile. As authorities later removed her body and investigated the scene, discovering syringes, cocaine and heroin, Ludwig Rudolph, who had been investigated previously on suspicion of illegal drug purchases, placed a call to his elder brother, Ernst August, in London, imploring him to take care of the couple's 10-month-old son. Then he slipped away. Several hours later Ludwig Rudolph was found near his family's hunting lodge several miles away, on Lake Traun. He was in his car with the motor running. He had the muzzle of a rifle in his mouth and was dead of a gunshot wound.
The case was closed without further investigation. Ludwig Rudolph and Isabelle were interred on 2 December 1988 at Grünau im Almtal, Austria, having been married less than 14 months. Custody of their infant son Otto Heinrich was awarded, contrary to the expressed wishes of Ludwig Rudolph, to the child's maternal grandparents, the Count and Countess Ariprand von Thurn und Valsassina-Como-Vercelli at their castle, Schloss Bleiburg in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="18534422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534422" title="Paul Bové">
Paul Bové

Paul A. Bové was born in Philadelphia in 1949. He is distinguished professor of English at the University of Pittsburgh and editor of boundary 2, an in-house publication that does not receive submissions, published by Duke University Press. Bové has been a member of the Pitt faculty since 1979 and was named a distinguished professor in 2005. Bové also holds affiliations with the Institute for Cultural Studies at the University of Valencia in Spain and the Centre for International Political Studies in Pretoria, South Africa. From 1994 to 1999 he served on the board of directors of the Institute of Postmodern Studies at Peking University.

</doc>
<doc id="18534436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534436" title="Victor A. Reko">
Victor A. Reko

Victor A. Reko, (born August 3, 1880 in Vienna) was an Austrian teacher and scientific author who moved to Mexico in 1921. He is best known for his popular book "Magische Gifte: Rausch- und Betäubungsmittel der Neuen Welt" (""Magic Poisons: Inebriating and Narcotic Substances of the New World""), first published in 1936. This book recorded a number of second-hand observations on New World psychoactive drugs, paraphrased from notes he took of conversations with his cousin, the eminent Mexican ethnobotanist Dr. Blas Pablo Reko, including the first published refutation of Dr. William Edwin Safford's uncharacteristically untenable assertion that teonanácatl was not a mushroom, but a cactus. 
Reko's book also covered the following drugs, many of which were not mentioned in the earlier book "Phantastica" by Louis Lewin: sinicuichi ("Heimia" spp.) for which he falsely claimed psychoactivity, "Ololiúqui" ("Turbina corymbosa"), peyotl ("Lophophora williamsii"), marihuana ("Cannabis sativa"), toloachi ("Datura stramonium" var. tatula), ayahuasca, colorines ("Erythrina" and "Sophora" species), coztic-zapote ("Pouteria campechiana"), xomil-xihuite ("Gelsemium sempervirens"), camotillo ("Dioscorea composita)", and cohombrillo ("Ecballium elaterium"). The second edition also contained chicalote (supposedly obtained from a cross between "Argemone mexicana" and "Papaver somniferum"), minapatli ("Sebastiania pavoniana", Mexican jumping bean), and herbas locas ("Dioon edule", "Astragalus amphyoxys", and "Oxytropis lambertii").
Victor A. Reko became a member of the Mexican Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="18534463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534463" title="George Dunn (publisher)">
George Dunn (publisher)

George Dunn was an influential American music publisher and lithographer. He entered the music publishing business in 1863, during the American Civil War and rapidly rode to prominence. His firm was George Dunn & Company, and during the War Dunn published thirty-two works on his own and twenty-four with partner Julian A. Selby.
Some of the company's more popular works include "The Southern Soldier Boy", "God, Save the Southern Land", "Ardent Recruit" and "A Gallant Boy".

</doc>
<doc id="18534471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534471" title="Ward brothers">
Ward brothers

The Ward Brothers, Lemuel T. Ward (1897–1984) and Steven W. Ward (1895–1976), were two brothers from Crisfield, Maryland, who became famous for their wooden wildfowl carvings, commonly called decoys. Their decoys are highly prized by collectors. Few examples of their work survive on the open market, as private collectors and museums now own most of their original works. In November 2006, a Ward Brothers goldeneye drake decoy sold for US$109,250 at an Easton, Maryland waterfowl festival auction. They adopted the moniker 'Wildfowl Counterfeiters in Wood' as the motto for their carving operation. Another rare Ward Brothers bird, a Broadbill Drake made in 1936, was sold for $51,750 at a January 2013 auction on Park Avenue in New York City. 
Originally barbers by trade, they began carving small decoys from cedar blocks in their barber shop during slow times and to help make extra money during the winter months.
Legacy.
The Ward Museum of Wildfowl Art in Salisbury, Maryland, which opened in 1992, is named in the Ward brothers' honor. The museum houses the largest collection of wildfowl art in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18534478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534478" title="Wareham High School">
Wareham High School

Wareham High School is a public high school located in Wareham, Massachusetts. The school is a part of the Wareham Public School System, and serves roughly 900 students in grades 9-12. Wareham High School's colors are Blue, Gold & White, and their mascot is the Vikings. 
Enrichment Activities.
There are over 25 clubs and activities students can become involved in, and the school is known for its award-winning DECA organization, marching band and drama program. The band may be small but is mighty and energetic. They have entertained the fans at football games for years with popular stand tunes and half time shows. The band's past shows include Spy themes, The Beatles, Blues Brothers, songs from the 70s and most recently "Songs from the 80's". The drama program, known as the "Viking Theater Company" instills discipline, hones group skills, exposes students to the rigors of work under pressure and to the rewards of committed, goal-oriented effort, while performing a straight play, a musical, and several shorter pieces every school year.
Athletics.
Wareham is renowned for its powerful boy's basketball and football teams. The football team has won 6 South Coast Conference titles and has had 5 undefeated regular season (1978, 1980, 1995, 2004, 2006). They won the State Title in 1995, guided by All-American quarterback and linebacker, Stephen Cooper, who is currently an NFL linebacker for the San Diego Chargers. Wareham were also the State runner-ups in 1980 and 2006. The Wareham football program has produced numerous Division 1 and NFL players, including Stephen Cooper (UMaine & NFL), Shea Allard (Delaware & NFL), Mike Laperriere (Northeastern), Wayne Sylvester (Kansas), and Darien Fernandez (Laramie - Wyoming). 
The boy's basketball team is regarded as one the best high school teams in New England. They won the 2009-2010 Division 3 State Championship. They have also compiled 4 undefeated seasons since 2002, and have competed in 5 Regional Championships and 3 State Championship games.
Wareham High competes in the South Coast Conference for athletics, which competes at the Division 3 level of athletics in Massachusetts. Their nickname is the "Vikings," and their colors are Blue, White & Gold. Wareham's main rival in neighboring Bourne High School. They have played each other in the annual Thanksgiving Day football game every year since 1933, almost 80 years.
FALL
WINTER
SPRING
Controversy.
A Johns Hopkins University study called Wareham High School a "dropout factory", on the grounds that less than 60% of each incoming class remained in the school by its fourth year; the Wareham school superintendent disputed this figure, arguing that the study's methodology was flawed and Wareham High School's graduation rate is 82.2%

</doc>
<doc id="18534488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534488" title="Kiyoshi Uchiyama">
Kiyoshi Uchiyama


</doc>
<doc id="18534511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534511" title="The Prisoners (play)">
The Prisoners (play)

The Prisoners is a Caroline era stage play, a tragicomedy written by Thomas Killigrew. It was premiered onstage c. 1635, acted by Queen Henrietta's Men at the Cockpit Theatre; and was first printed in 1641. Killigrew's first play, "The Prisoners" inaugurated its author's playwriting career.
Genre.
Killigrew's first essay in drama was in the tragicomic genre, as were his subsequent plays "Claricilla" and "The Princess". This is unsurprising, since tragicomedy was the favored genre of the court of Queen Henrietta Maria. The courtier dramatists of the 1630s, men like William Cartwright, Lodowick Carlell and Sir John Suckling, worked largely in tragicomedy. And Killigrew the courtier functioned in the same social and artistic milieu; "As part of Henrietta Maria's circle, he penned the courtly romances she favoured, such as "The Prisoners"..." (For an extreme example of the type of drama favored at the Queen's court, see "The Shepherd's Paradise".)
Publication.
"The Prisoners" as entered into the Stationers' Register on 24 May 1640; it was published together with "Claricilla" in a single duodecimo volume in 1641, a book printed by Thomas Cotes for the bookseller Andrew Crooke. The volume featured commendatory poems by William Cartwright and Henry Bennet, 1st Earl of Arlington.
In the 1641 edition, each of the plays has a separate title page; and while the title page for "Claricilla" is correctly dated "1641," that for "The Prisoners" is misdated "1640." This was a common feature of some of the early collected editions of plays in the seventeenth century. In, for example, the 1659 collection of Richard Brome's works, "Five New Plays" (also published by Crooke), the plays have separate title pages, and three are misdated "1658." It is generally thought that the booksellers of the mid-seveneteenth century designed their collections so that the plays could be sold either individually or collectively, as market conditions warranted; and that practical and financial constraints sometimes extended the preparation of a collection over more than one calendar year.
No evidence indicates that "The Prisoners" was ever issued in a single-play edition, either in 1640 or at any other time in the seventeenth century.
The misdating phenomenon recurs in the publication history of "The Prisoner". The play next appeared in print when it was included in "Comedies and Tragedies", the collected edition of Killigrew's plays issued by Henry Herringman in 1664. Several of the plays in that volume have individual title pages dated "1663." 
In the collected edition, "The Prisoners" is dedicated to the dramatist's niece, Lady Crompton.
Location.
The collected edition also specifies the city in which Killigrew wrote each drama. Almost all of the plays were written in the various cities in Europe — Paris, Venice, Naples, Florence, Turin, Madrid, even Basel in Switzerland — where Killigrew lived during his Continental travels (1635-41) and his years in exile during the Commonwealth era (1647–60). Only "The Prisoners" was written at home in England, in London.
Style and manner.
Like other tragicomedies of its era, the play belongs to a lush realm of fantasy and romance with limited relationship to reality. The play provides an "overplus" of "adventure, heroic dialogue, and sentiment..."The Prisoners" introduces us to a melodramatic pirate, Gillipus, who holds nobles as his slaves and kidnaps princesses. The locus is Sardinia and several scenes take place at sea." The action is "brisk."

</doc>
<doc id="18534539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534539" title="Överfurir">
Överfurir

Överfurir is an obsolete Swedish military rank established 1942 and placed above furir. Before 1972 the rank was a professional rank within the underbefäls category, and from 1972 to 1983 it was the highest rank within the gruppbefäls category. The holder of the rank typically served as instructor of conscripts corresponding to the present ranks of fänrik and löjtnant. A non-professional military service furir could obtain the rank through volunteer promotional courses at FBU. It was removed as a professional rank in 1983, but appointments of non-professionals to the rank continued until 1991. Prior appointees retain their rank. Temporary appointments are still made in some circumstances, primarily for the duration of international peacekeeping missions. Police officers in international operations receive this rank to distinguish them from military police trained by the army.
Reform 1972 – Rank inflation phase I.
Prior to 1972, military personnel were divided into three categories: "underbefäl" (non-commissioned officers), "underofficerare" (warrant officers), and "officerare" (commissioned officers). Reform established a four-career-path system with four categories as described below and carried out major promotions of most personnel below the rank överstelöjtnant.
The "underbefäl" category was split into two categories:
Gruppbefäl, to include:
Plutonsofficerare, to include:
The "underofficer" category was renamed kompaniofficerare, to include:
The "officer" category was renamed regementsofficerare, to include:
Reform 1983 – Rank inflation phase II.
All categories were merged into one professional officer category, with the lowest rank set to fänrik. Furir, överfurir, sergeant, and fanjunkare were removed as professional ranks. Holders of the rank fanjunkare were promoted to löjtnant and the rest to fänrik.

</doc>
<doc id="18534568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534568" title="Mladen Tepavčević">
Mladen Tepavčević

Mladen Tepavčević (Serbian Cyrillic: Младен Тепавчевић; born October 26, 1976 in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia) is an Olympic swimmer from Serbia. He swam for Serbia and Montenegro at the 2004 Olympics. He also qualified to represent Serbia at the 2008 Olympics, however, he did not swim.
Tepavčević holds the Serbian record in all men's breaststroke events (50-m 0:28.10; 100-m 1:02.60 and 200-m 2:22.54). He has competed for Serbia and Montenegro at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece in the Men's 100m Breaststroke, where he registered a time of 1:03.52, enough for an overall 29th position out of 60 swimmers.
He qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics with the 1:02.80 he swam for 33rd at the 2007 FINA World Championships in the Men's 100 m breaststroke.
He also swam at the 2003 and 2005 World Championships.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18534577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534577" title="2007 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
2007 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 2007 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The Sporting News and the National Association of Basketball Coaches. 
2007 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18534590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534590" title="Okayama College">
Okayama College


</doc>
<doc id="18534606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534606" title="Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 58 kg">
Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 58 kg

The men's 58 kg competition in taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place on August 20 at the Beijing Science and Technology University Gymnasium.
Competition format.
The main bracket consisted of a single elimination tournament, culminating in the gold medal match. Two bronze medals were awarded at the taekwondo competitions. A repechage was used to determine the bronze medal winners. Every competitor who lost to one of the two finalists competed in the repechage, another single-elimination competition. Each semifinal loser faced the last remaining repechage competitor from the opposite half of the bracket in a bronze medal match.
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18534625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534625" title="Yak Ballz">
Yak Ballz

Yak Ballz, born Yashar Zadeh is an American independent hip hop artist, who was brought up in Flushing, Queens, New York. He is one of the original members of The Weathermen. He is also a member of Cardboard City.
Early life.
In his youth, Yak spent a lot of his time using his imagination and creativity to draw and paint. He became enamored with the rebel art of graffiti. He was inspired by Cost, Revs, Uend, and his TCK (True City Killers) brethren. Yak turned to writing as an outlet for expression and a form of therapy due to his mother being overprotective about their neighborhood in Queens at the time. Thanks to his best friend’s older brother, Vaz (of 89.9-FM WKCR’s legendary “Night Train” hip-hop show), while in high school Yak landed a gig interning at Bobbito Garcia’s Footwork store in downtown Manhattan where he saw a myriad of flyers promoting Hip Hop shows all over the city. At the age of 16 he entered the Braggin’ Rites MC battle; he took second place and was the youngest person in the competition. Yak would go on to achieve first runner-up honors two more times after that, but more importantly, the aspiring MC grabbed the attention of several interested people in attendance, including Armando “Mondee” Torres and Brett Scott, who approached Vaz about getting Yak to appear on their new mixtape. At the urging of Vaz, the MC agreed to work with Mondee. This would lead to a lasting music relationship. He is of Persian heritage.
Breaking Out.
Bobbito Garcia, world renown radio personality known for breaking records and introducing new talent in New York City during the Indie Hip Hop boom in the mid to late 90’s, liked Yak’s demo, "Flossin’", so much that he put it in rotation on his CM Famalam show on 89.9-FM WKCR in New York. He later invited Yak to appear on the show in 1998. After a few impressive appearances on WKCR, and "Flossin’" gaining regular rotation, Bobbito approached Yak about some new original music. Yak's lyrics caught the attention of Cage, who was impressed enough to reach out to him; making him an original member of The Weathermen.
Followup Releases.
Soon after, Yak released his first 12-inch, "Homepiss" in 2000, courtesy of Bobbito and his Fondle’em label. His 4-song EP was released featuring "Flossin"', "The Plague", "Nasty or Nice", and "Homepiss".
The Freakshow.
In 2001, Yak followed up the EP with a stand-out 3 song vinyl 12-inch, "The Freakshow", which was one of the first ever 12-inch releases by the indie Hip Hop label Definitive Jux.Vinyl specialty stores and Web sites quickly sold out of the three-song 12-inch that featured cover art by TCK brother Ewok One 5MH. El-P even included "The Freak Show" on 2002’s "Definitive Jux Presents 2" compilation album.
While You Where Sleeping.
In 2003, he released "While You Were Sleeping" b/w "The Drill" 12-inch with Traffic Entertainment. Once Eastern Conference Records, then home to fellow Weathermen; Cage and Tame One, heard of this single they moved to sign Yak to an album deal. After working on The Weathermen’s "Conspiracy" mixtape (2003) Yak Ballz released his first album, "My Claim" in 2004 with guest appearances from both Cage and Tame One. He worked with producer Mondee for production and engineer Joe Raia. His lyrical content on "My Claim" was fueled by his Queens life and college experiences. After leaving Eastern Conference, Yak put out a mixtape in 2005, "The Missing Cassettes" consisting of rare and unreleased material.
Scifentology.
In 2006 he released "Scifentology", a mixtape put out by Yak himself and Scifen clothing company which features cover art by Ewok One 5MH. Yak’s lyrics became more introspective and the beats changed on "Scifentology" by relying more on rock and synthesized instrumentation . The mixtape started as an innocent idea and promotional tool to help cross-market Yak with the Scifen clothing brand, but it quickly became one of the most talked-about mixtapes of the year within the indie Hip Hop world in ‘06 .
Scifentology II.
January 2008, Yak released his sophomore effort, "Scifentology II" on FloSpot Records in conjunction with Scifen Clothing. "Scifentology II" features production from the likes of Aesop Rock, the late Camu Tao, Mondee, Chapter 7, Adept, and Chris Maestro TCK. It also has guest appearances from Cage, Tame One and Slow Suicide Stimulus. The album is packed tight with cathartic rhymes of grit, wit, shuddering images, and has received critical acclaim . Ewok One 5MH, premier urban artist and senior designer for Scifen clothing, also designed "Scifentology II"'s full-color cover. Feb 2009, “Dirt Empire,” produced by Aesop Rock, won the MTVu Best Freshman Video with over 40,000 views.
Current Work and education.
Currently, Yak is working on an extended play called 'Gas Galaxy', due out on Definitive Jux sometime in fall of 2009. Yak has performed the title song in support of Cage's Depart From Me tour. Yak is a graduate from New Paltz State University with a Bachelor of Science in Business Management.

</doc>
<doc id="18534641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534641" title="Adam Peterson (2000s pitcher)">
Adam Peterson (2000s pitcher)

Adam L. Peterson (born May 18, 1979 in Savannah, Georgia) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball. Peterson appeared in three games with the Toronto Blue Jays in .
Peterson was traded by the Blue Jays to the Arizona Diamondbacks on January 12, 2005, in exchange for Shea Hillenbrand. The Diamondbacks placed him on waivers, and he was claimed by the Detroit Tigers. He pitched in the Tigers' farm system in , his last year in professional baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="18534644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534644" title="Adam Peterson (1990s pitcher)">
Adam Peterson (1990s pitcher)

Adam Charles Peterson (born December 11, 1965 in Long Beach, California) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball. Peterson spent parts of five seasons in the majors between and with the Chicago White Sox and San Diego Padres. 
He comes from a family of seven, with five sisters: Suzy, Kay, Sandy, Clare, and Elizabeth, and one brother: Mark (M. David). He is the father of three children; Brandon, Hillary, and Josilyn, and currently resides in the state of Idaho. He is the son of Ian Charles Peterson, former press photographer of the Rhodesian Government for Prime Minister Ian Smith, and Angela Clare Storey Peterson.
In 1989 he led the Vancouver Canadians, who at that time were the Tripe-A affiliates for the Chicago White Sox, to victory in the Triple-A World Series, pitching 25 games and going 14-5 for the season with a 2.27 ERA, earning MVP honors as a result.

</doc>
<doc id="18534647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534647" title="Adam Peterson">
Adam Peterson

Adam Peterson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18534700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534700" title="Lucy McKim Garrison">
Lucy McKim Garrison

Lucy McKim Garrison (October 30, 1842 - May 11, 1877), born in Philadelphia, was an American song collector, contributor to "Slave Songs of the United States". Her work in Port Royal, South Carolina constitutes the first attempt to systematically describe the characteristics of African American spirituals. She married Wendell Phillips Garrison in Philadelphia on December 6, 1865, and died in West Orange, New Jersey of heart disease after a long illness culminating in paralysis. She was survived by her husband and three children.

</doc>
<doc id="18534709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534709" title="Kurashiki City College">
Kurashiki City College


</doc>
<doc id="18534730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534730" title="Kawasaki Medical School">
Kawasaki Medical School

Medical Museum of Kawasaki Medical School.
Kawasaki Medical School (川崎医科大学 Kawasaki ika daigaku) is a private university in Kurashiki, Okayama, Japan, established in Spring, 1970.
To commemorate the 10th anniversary of the school’s foundation, an educational museum of medicine called the was built in 1981 to facilitate the independent learning of medical and postgraduate students. In this museum, the collected materials focus on the exposition of modern medicine rather than on historical materials. Students are able to instruct themselves by examining the exhibited specimens and to solidify their understanding. Practicing physicians are also welcome to visit the museum to further their medical education. It is also designed to propagate knowledge of medicine and health care to the general public.

</doc>
<doc id="18534738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534738" title="James Cerretani">
James Cerretani

James Cerretani (born October 2, 1981, in Reading, Massachusetts) is an American professional tennis player. A doubles specialist, he has won three ATP World Tour titles in his career. He reached his career-high doubles ranking of World No. 45 on July 21, 2008.
Amateur career.
After an outstanding junior tennis career, he attended Brown University, where he had an excellent collegiate career. He earned Ivy League Rookie of the Year honors in 2001 and graduated from Brown in 2004 with a degree in International Relations and Business Economics.
Doubles performance timeline.
"This table is current through 2014 Australian Open.

</doc>
<doc id="18534741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534741" title="Onoda Line">
Onoda Line

The is a railway line in Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by the West Japan Railway Company (JR West). The line runs between Ube-Shinkawa Station in Ube and Onoda Station in San'yō-Onoda.
Stations.
All stations are in Yamaguchi Prefecture.
History.
"Wanman" driver only operation commenced on the branch line between and on 11 March 1989, using KuMoHa 42 EMUs. Driver only operation commenced on the main line between and on 1 June 1990, using 105 series EMUs.

</doc>
<doc id="18534749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534749" title="Advanced Life Support in Obstetrics">
Advanced Life Support in Obstetrics

ALSO helps in the management and to help with morbidity and mortality of both the mother and baby. ALSO does this by incorporating both didactic and practical, hands on workstations with lifelike mannequins. Topics include, assisted vaginal delivery, Doppler fetal monitoring, fetal dystocias, neonatal resuscitation, management premature labor, management of postpartum hemorrhage, along with Forceps and vacuum assisted delivery. ALSO concludes, and to become certified in ALSO, you must successful pass a written test as well as a practical hands on case management of a birth (mega-delivery) incorporating many elements learned throughout the course.
ALSO helps serve the same function as Advanced Trauma Life Support (ATLS) and Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS) to help keep physicians who work with rural or underserved populations up to date on Evidence-based medicine and curriculum.

</doc>
<doc id="18534751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534751" title="Mavropigi">
Mavropigi

Mavropigi (Greek: "Μαυροπηγή", Macedonian Slavic: Бошовци, "Bošovci", , "Boshovtsi") is a village located 11 km southeast of Ptolemaida, in Kozani regional unit, within the Greek region of Macedonia. It is situated at an altitude of 740 meters above sea level. The postal code is 50200, while the telephone code is +30 24630. As of the 1991 census, the population was 774. 

</doc>
<doc id="18534755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534755" title="Kawasaki College of Allied Health Professions">
Kawasaki College of Allied Health Professions


</doc>
<doc id="18534780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534780" title="Wytheville Cubs">
Wytheville Cubs

The Wytheville Cubs, located in Wytheville, Virginia, were a minor league baseball team affiliated with the Chicago Cubs that played from 1985 to 1989. They played in the Appalachian League and had four different managers in their five years of existence. They finished with their best record in their first year, when they went 39-31, finishing third in the league.
Alumni include Jerome Walton, Les Lancaster, Derrick May, Shawn Boskie, Matt Walbeck, Matt Franco, Alex Arias, Frank Castillo and Kevin Roberson.
After the 1989 season, the Wytheville Cubs moved to Huntington, West Virginia to become the Huntington Cubs.

</doc>
<doc id="18534796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534796" title="Komanos">
Komanos

Komanos (, ) is a village located southeast of Ptolemaida, in Kozani regional unit, within the Greek region of Macedonia. It is situated at an altitude of 660 meters above sea level. The postal code is 50200, while the telephone code is +30 24630. The time zone (EEST), has a difference of +3 hours to GMT. As of the 1991 census, the population was 817. 

</doc>
<doc id="18534797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534797" title="Hippodrome Theatre (Baltimore)">
Hippodrome Theatre (Baltimore)

The Hippodrome Theatre is a former vaudeville theater in Baltimore, Maryland. Built in 1914 for impresarios Pierce and Scheck, the 2300-seat theater was the foremost vaudeville house in Baltimore, as well as a movie theater. The Hippodrome was designed by Thomas White Lamb, one of the foremost theater architects of his time. Lamb gave the theater an unusually strong presence on Eutaw Street through the use of brick and terra cotta on a massive façade. The Hippodrome has been recently renovated for use as a performing arts theater, and is part of the France-Merrick Performing Arts Center.
The site had previously been occupied by the Eutaw House Hotel, built in 1835. The new theater had an original capacity of 3,000 seats and boasted a Moller organ, as well as a house orchestra that survived into the 1950s. The Loew's chain operated the Hippodrome from 1917 to 1924, then Keith-Albee-Orpheum assumed stewardship. During the 1930s the Hippodrome featured such performers as Jack Benny, Milton Berle, Bob Hope, MercyMe, Martha Raye, Dinah Shore, Red Skelton, the Andrews Sisters, Morey Amsterdam and Benny Goodman. Frank Sinatra first performed with the Tommy Dorsey Orchestra at the Hippodrome. Live performances ceased in 1959, but movies remained strong through the 1960s. The Hippodrome finally closed in 1990 as the last movie theater in downtown Baltimore.
The most recent renovation combined three contiguous existing buildings and a new structure: the Western National Bank Building (1887), the Eutaw Savings Bank Building (1888) and the Hippodrome into a major performing arts complex, designed by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates. The Maryland Stadium Authority led the renovation. Clear Channel Entertainment (now Live Nation) became the theatre operator after project completion. In 2008, Live Nation sold most of its theatrical assets, including the Hippodrome, to Key Brand Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="18534802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534802" title="List of Amalgam Comics publications">
List of Amalgam Comics publications

Near the end of the "DC vs. Marvel" crossover event in 1996, Amalgam Comics released a series of one-shot comic books combining characters from the Marvel Universe with characters from the DC Universe. The first twelve Amalgam titles were released in a single week, temporarily replacing both publishers' regular releases. Half the comics in the event were published by Marvel Comics and half by DC Comics. A year later, the stunt was repeated, but without the crossover as background. Later, both publishers collected their issues into trade paperback collections.
In the 24 Amalgam Comics titles printed, one-third of those printed included letter-columns by fictitious fans to give a larger background to the stories and to help give hints of what might happen in the next issue. The "fans'" hometowns were usually fusions of existing American cities.
1996 - DC Comics.
"Amazon".
Amazon, written and drawn by John Byrne, featured Amazon aka Princess Ororo Munroe of Themiscyra.
"Assassins".
Assassins, written by Dan Chichester and illustrated by Scott McDaniel, featured two main characters, Catsai and Dare the Terminator. Despite their enmity, they team up to take on the Big Question and his gang.
"Doctor Strangefate".
Doctor Strangefate was written by Ron Marz with art by José Luis García-López and Kevin Nowlan. The issue features the powerful mystic Doctor Strangefate. His comic also featured the character Access and highlights his adventures in between issues of the "DC vs. Marvel" miniseries. This book was reprinted in the "DC versus Marvel" trade paperback due to its part in the overall story.
"JLX".
JLX was written by Gerard Jones and Mark Waid, with art by Howard Porter and John Dell. The members of the Judgment League Avengers whose powers are mutant in origin turn against their teammates and form their own team, JLX. They leave to find Atlantis. The JLX returned in another title in the 1997 series of Amalgam comics, titled "JLX Unleashed".
"Legends of the Dark Claw".
Legends of the Dark Claw was written by Larry Hama with art by Jim Balent and Ray McCarthy. Dark Claw returned in another title in the 1997 Amalgam comics, titled "Dark Claw Adventures".
"Super Soldier".
Super Soldier was written by Mark Waid and illustrated by Dave Gibbons.
An experimental infusion of alien DNA transforms the human Clark Kent into Super Soldier, hero of World War II. After a suspended animation, he is revived in modern times. He fought against Green Skull, Ultra-Metallo and the terrorist organization Hydra.
The main character also appeared in "JLX" as a member of the JLA, again a year later in "Super Soldier: Man of War", and again as part of the JLA in "JLX Unleashed".
1996 - Marvel Comics.
"Bruce Wayne Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.".
Bruce Wayne Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. was written by Chuck Dixon with art by Cary Nord and Mark Pennington.
"Bullets and Bracelets".
Bullets and Bracelets was written by John Ostrander and illustrated by Gary Frank.
"Magneto and the Magnetic Men".
Magneto and the Magnetic Men was written by Gerard Jones with art by Jeff Matsuda and Art Thibert. The characters featured here returned in the 1997 "Magnetic Men featuring Magneto".
"Speed Demon".
Speed Demon was written by Howard Mackie and James Felder with art by Salvador Larroca and Al Milgrom.
"Spider-Boy".
Spider-Boy was written by Karl Kesel with art by Mike Wieringo and Gary Martin. Spider-Boy, the titular character, is a clone whose gravity powers enable him to mimic the wall-crawling abilities of a spider. This character returned in another Spider-Boy title in the 1997 Amalgam comics, titled "Spider-Boy Team-Up". Spider-Boy is a crossover of the characters Spider-Man and Superboy.
"X-Patrol".
The team returned in another title in the 1997 Amalgam comics, titled "Exciting X-Patrol".
1997 - DC Comics.
"Bat-Thing".
Bat-Thing - "Someone to Watch Over Me" was written by Larry Hama with art by Rodolfo Damaggio and Bill Sienkiewicz. The titular character Bat-Thing attacked people in the street of New Gotham City, and the detective Clarck Bullock tried to protect the Bat-Thing's wife and daughter from the monster.
"Dark Claw Adventures".
Dark Claw Adventures was written illustrated by Ty Templeton and Rick Burchett. This "animated series" version of the Dark Claw comic used an art style that mirrored "" and was similar to the "Batman Adventures" comic. Lady Talia pursued the Dark Claw to avenge the killing of her father, Ra's A-pocalypse.
"Generation Hex".
Generation Hex was written by Peter Milligan with art by Adam Pollina. The comic featured a team of mutants, the Malforms, suffering prejudice and living by robbery in the Old West. Their leader, Jono Hex, helps them escape a trio of mutant-hunting robots sent by Marshal Trask and get revenge on his hometown Humanity.
"JLX Unleashed".
JLX Unleashed was written by Christopher Priest with art by Oscar Jimenez and Hanibal Rodriguez. This second outing of the JLX sees them joined by Amazon. The Hellfire League of Injustice summons up the dragon Fin Fang Flame to destroy all metamutants. The dragon decide to incinerate the entire humanity, since "All humanity, after all, is mutated to some extent". The Judgment League Avengers and the JLX ally to defeat it.
"Lobo the Duck".
Lobo the Duck was written by Alan Grant with art by Val Semeiks and Ray Kryssing.
The story revolves around the fearless, muscular, anti-hero bounty hunter Lobo the Duck and his shapeshifting canine sidekick Impossible Dawg who are investigating the murders of several Amalgam Comics superheroes, including Doctor Strangefate, Super-Soldier, Aqua Mariner, Dare the Terminator, and Hawkhawk.
Lobo only agrees to find the murderer(s) as the aforementioned heroes had paid him upfront. Lobo fights his way through Gold Kidney Lady, Doctor Bongface, and various other supervillains before he realizes that the end of the world is about to begin and only he can stop it.
Some other minor characters introduced in "Lobo the Duck" include Ambush the Lunatik, a fellow bounty hunter that was eaten by Lobo after angering him; Al Forbush, the owner of Al Forbush's Subterranean Diner; and Jonas Turnip.
"Super Soldier: Man of War".
Super Soldier: Man of War was written by Dave Gibbons and Mark Waid, with art by Dave Gibbons and Jimmy Palmiotti. This comic presented Super Soldier (Clark Kent) in the style of the Golden Age World War II comics. Clark Kent and Jimmy Olsen are sent to England to follow a mysterious cargaison of stolen equipment desired by the Nazis.
1997 - Marvel Comics.
"Challengers of the Fantastic".
Challengers of the Fantastic was written by Karl Kesel with art by Tom Grummett and Al Vey. The members were scientist Reed "Prof" Richards, S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Susan "Ace" Storm, her daredevil brother Johnny "Red" Storm, and fighting Senator Ben "Rocky" Grimm. Their enemies included Doctor Doomsday and Galactiac.
"Exciting X-Patrol".
Exciting X-Patrol was written by Barbara Kesel with art by Bryan Hitch and Paul Neary. The team fought against Brother Brood. This comic was dedicated to the memory of Mark Gruenwald, who had died one year previously from a heart attack.
"Iron Lantern".
Iron Lantern was written by Kurt Busiek with art by Paul Smith.
"The Magnetic Men featuring Magneto".
The Magnetic Men featuring Magneto was written by Tom Peyer with art by Barry Kitson and Dan Panosian. In addition to the title characters, this book also features Mister Mastermind, Quasimodox, Chemodam, and the Sinister Society.
The Sinister Society's members each represent various special metals from both universes. The members and their associated metals are:
"Spider-Boy Team-Up".
Spider-Boy Team-Up was written by "R.K. Sternsel" (an amalgam of the names of Roger Stern and Karl Kesel) with art by José Ladrönn and Juan Vlasco. In this comic, Spider-Boy teams up with characters based on Marvel and DC comics based in the far future and/or outer space, including the Legion of Galactic Guardians 2099.
"Thorion of the New Asgods".
Thorion of the New Asgods was written by Keith Giffen and John Romita, Jr..

</doc>
<doc id="18534804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534804" title="Rufus Fairchild Zogbaum">
Rufus Fairchild Zogbaum

Rufus Fairchild Zogbaum (August 28, 1849 – October 22, 1925) was an American illustrator, journalist, and writer. He is primarily known as an illustrator for late 19th century news magazines. His works were regularly featured in "Harper’s Weekly" magazine.
Early life.
Zogbaum was born in Charleston, South Carolina. He was educated at the Art Students League in New York City from 1878–1879, and during 1880–1882 studied under Léon Bonnat in Paris.
Career.
"Harper's Weekly" normally hired freelance illustrators; nevertheless, for a time Zogbaum was on the magazine's art staff and was sometimes given the assignment to redraw submissions by freelance illustrators. In the 19th-century news magazine world, redrawing illustrations was the equivalent of editing writers’ works. Two of the most famous artists who made illustrations for Harper’s were Winslow Homer and Frederic Remington, whose first few illustrations for Harper’s were redrawn by staff artists, including Zogbaum. Zogbaum and Rockwell both lived and worked in New Rochelle, New York, a well-known art colony especially popular among illustrators of the early twentieth century. 
By 1912, Remington had died (1909) and Zogbaum had become so well known that Rudyard Kipling referred to him in a poem about a friend who had died:
<poem>
Zogbaum draws with a pencil,
And I do things with a pen.
And you sit up in a conning tower
Bossing eight hundred men.
Zogbaum takes care of his business
And I take care of mine.
And you take care of ten thousand tons,
Sky-shooting through the brine.
Zogbaum can handle his shadows
And I can handle my style.
And you can handle a ten-inch gun
To carry seven mile.
"To him that hath shall be given."
And that's why these books are sent
To the man who had lived more stories
Than Zogbaum or I could invent.
</poem>
Specialization and influence.
Zogbaum specialized in several areas of illustration. During his lifetime, his drawings and paintings of horses and military themes (U.S. Army and Navy) were almost as well known as Remington’s, although he was older than Remington and his works had actually influenced the younger artist. As did Remington, during the Spanish-American War, Zogbaum served as an on-the-scene artist-correspondent. His 1897 book, "All Hands: Pictures of Life in the United States Navy," is a collector's item featuring 36 full page illustrations. A mural by him is located in the Howard M. Metzenbaum U.S. Courthouse in Cleveland, Ohio.
Afterward.
His son, Rufus F. Zogbaum, Jr., became an admiral in the U.S. Navy, and his grandson, Wilfred Zogbaum (1915–1965), was a well-respected painter and sculptor who had teaching stints in several universities, including the University of California at Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="18534830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534830" title="Kibi International University Junior College">
Kibi International University Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18534834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534834" title="2006 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
2006 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 2006 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The Sporting News and the National Association of Basketball Coaches. 
2006 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18534841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534841" title="Pranitha Vardhineni">
Pranitha Vardhineni

Pranitha Vardhineni (born 17 November 1990, in Kalleda village in Warangal, Andhra Pradesh) is an Indian archer. She attended Rural Development Foundation's Kalleda Rural School before she was selected to attend the Tata Archery Academy.
2008 Summer Olympics.
Vardhineni contested in the women's individual and team events at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, but failed to reach the finals in both events. She teamed up with Dola Banerjee and Bombayala Devi in the team event. They were ranked sixth in the qualifiers. They got a bye in the round of 16, but lost to China by 206-211 in the quarterfinals. In the individual event, she was ranked 37th in the qualifiers. She defeated Jane Waller of Australia by 106-100 in the round of 64, but lost to Kwon Un Sil of North Korea by 99-106 in the round of 32.

</doc>
<doc id="18534890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534890" title="Beppu Mizobe Gakuen College">
Beppu Mizobe Gakuen College


</doc>
<doc id="18534903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534903" title="University of Texas at Austin Graduate Studies">
University of Texas at Austin Graduate Studies

The Graduate School at The University of Texas at Austin was established in 1910. The school offers advanced degrees in nearly 100 fields of study and has more than 12,000 students. According to the school's Website, "Graduate School awards the second highest number of doctoral degrees in the United States." Additionally, a number of the school's programs rank among the highest in the nation. Below is a table indicating rankings awarded to various programs in The Graduate School from 2005 to 2008: 

</doc>
<doc id="18534909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534909" title="Vladimir Sakharov">
Vladimir Sakharov

Vladimir Nikolayevich Sakharov () (born February 5, 1948 in Palatka, Russia) is a retired Soviet football player.
International career.
Sakharov made his debut for USSR on October 12, 1975 in a UEFA Euro 1976 qualifier against Switzerland (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).

</doc>
<doc id="18534924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534924" title="Higashikyushu Junior College">
Higashikyushu Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18534927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534927" title="Galateia, Kozani">
Galateia, Kozani

Galateia () is a village and a community of the Eordaia municipality. Before the 2011 local government reform it was part of the municipality of Ptolemaida, of which it was a municipal district. The 2011 census recorded 393 inhabitants in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18534928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534928" title="Flan">
Flan

Flan is an open pastry or sponge cake containing a sweet or savoury filling. A typical flan of this sort is round, with shortcrust pastry. It is similar to a custard tart or a South African melktert.
British savoury flans may have diverged from the Spanish and French custard flans (also known as crème caramel) in the Middle Ages.
Etymology.
The English word "flan", and the earlier forms "flaune" and "flawn", come from Old French "flaon" (modern French "flan"), in turn from early Medieval Latin fladōn-em, derived from Old High German "flado", a sort of flat cake, probably from an Indo-European root for "flat" or "broad".

</doc>
<doc id="18534934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534934" title="Ube Line">
Ube Line

The is a railway line in Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by the West Japan Railway Company (JR West). The line runs between Shin-Yamaguchi Station in Yamaguchi and Ube Station in Ube.
Stations.
All stations are in Yamaguchi Prefecture.
History.
"Wanman" driver only operation commenced on the section between and on 1 June 1990, using 105 and 123 series EMUs. The entire line was switched to driver only operation on 14 March 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18534940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534940" title="Big Comic Superior">
Big Comic Superior

"Superior" was originally a special issue of "Big Comic Original", published twice monthly on the 1st and 15th. However, since it was selling just as well as the main three magazines ("Big Comic", "Big Comic Original", and "Big Comic Spirits"), it began to be released every other week. It is currently released twice monthly on the second and fourth Fridays. "Superior" has a circulation of about 250,000 for each issue.
The magazine has published works by a number of well-known manga artists, including Ryoichi Ikegami, Mochiru Hoshisato, Yū Koyama, Yūji Aoki, Fumi Saimon, Norifusa Mita, George Akiyama, and Buronson.

</doc>
<doc id="18534941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534941" title="Peke">
Peke

Peke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18534944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534944" title="Oita Junior College">
Oita Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18534965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534965" title="Oita Prefectural College of Arts and Culture">
Oita Prefectural College of Arts and Culture


</doc>
<doc id="18534984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534984" title="Sansa Fuze">
Sansa Fuze

The Sansa Fuze is a portable media player developed by SanDisk and released on March 8, 2008. The Fuze is available in three different Flash memory capacities: 2 GB, 4 GB, and 8 GB and comes in six different colors: black, blue, pink, red, silver, and white. Storage is expandable via a microSDHC slot with capacity up to 32 GB, and unofficially to 64 GB or more via FAT32 formatted SDXC cards. All models have a 1.9 inch TFT LCD display with a resolution of 220 by 176 pixels and a built-in monaural microphone and FM tuner; recordings of the latter two are saved as PCM WAV files.
Media support.
The Fuze supports MP3, WMA, PCM WAV, and, since the 1.01.15 firmware revision, OGG Vorbis and FLAC audio codecs. The Fuze can display both pictures and videos, both of which must first be converted with the Sansa Media Converter software for Windows; this program converts images to BMP format and videos to DivX-AVI, with specific parameters that make the media compatible with the device. Alternatively, the open-source, platform-independent Video4Fuze application can be used. Video4Fuze offers more options and the ability to save the file to a computer instead of having the device plugged in every time one wants to convert a file. The Sansa Fuze supports media playlist types of .m3u and .wpl.
As of the 1.02.26 and 2.02.26 firmware revisions, Fuze now supports ReplayGain for MP3, WMA (non-DRM only), Vorbis and FLAC, which utilizes any ReplayGain metadata that has been encoded into the media files. Also, navigation by folder was implemented as an addition to browsing by metadata.
Operation.
The Sansa Fuze is compatible with Microsoft Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X when USB mode is set to MSC as a drag and drop USB mass storage device. The player can also function as a Windows Media 10 and up device when USB mode is set to MTP. The Fuze's USB cable utilizes a proprietary connector that is compatible with its predecessor, the e200 series, as well as the c200 series. It has a mechanical scroll wheel (as opposed to the touch sensor on an iPod). Also unlike an iPod, powering the device off cuts all power usage (except for the clock) completely, rather than switching to a sleep mode that merely shuts down its visible operation. The Fuze has a MicroSDHC slot that can be used for standard media storage and for the proprietary Sansa services known as Slotradio and Slotmusic.
Software.
Sandisk includes the Sansa Media Converter to convert video and photos for use on the player. Equivalent open-source packages also exist, such as Video4Fuze.
For editing playlists, the Sansa Fuze supports Windows Media Player (in MTP mode), Winamp (in MSC mode) and YAPL for Fuze (in MSC mode). In auto detect, one can view the files like one views them on a hard drive. One can add music through these programs or just drag and drop via a file browser like Windows Explorer. Alternatively, one may install open source Rockbox firmware, which supports numerous formats and offers greater flexibility.
Fuze+.
The Sansa Fuze+, announced on August 31, 2010 in capacities of 4 GB (US$79), 8 GB (US$89) & 16 GB (US$119), is a portable media player with a 2.4-inch color display (QVGA) and touch capability. It also features an FM radio with FM recording, a voice recorder, and 24 hours of audio playback from a single charge. It supports the following audio formats: MP3, WMA, Secure WMA, Ogg Vorbis, FLAC, AAC, Audible, Podcasts. For video it supports MPEG-4, H.264, and WMV. Storage is expandable via a microSDHC slot, and it can be used to play slotMusic and slotRadio cards.

</doc>
<doc id="18534994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534994" title="Toita Women's College">
Toita Women's College


</doc>
<doc id="18534996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18534996" title="Vyacheslav Semyonov">
Vyacheslav Semyonov

Vyacheslav Mikhailovich Semyonov () (born on 18 August 1947 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a retired Ukrainian football player.
International career.
Semyonov made his debut for the USSR on 29 June 1972 in a friendly against Uruguay. He played in the 1974 FIFA World Cup qualifiers (the USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).

</doc>
<doc id="18535033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535033" title="Maichingen">
Maichingen

Maichingen is a village in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is part of the town Sindelfingen.
Educational institutes.
There is a primary and combined secondary school, the Johannes-Widmann-School, as well as a high school called Gymnasium Unterrieden.

</doc>
<doc id="18535034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535034" title="Meirin College">
Meirin College


</doc>
<doc id="18535043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535043" title="Cuyama Valley">
Cuyama Valley

The Cuyama Valley is a valley along the Cuyama River in central California, in northern Santa Barbara, southern San Luis Obispo, southwestern Kern, and northwestern Ventura counties. It is a sparsely inhabited area containing two significant towns – Cuyama and New Cuyama – and is largely used for ranching, agriculture, and oil and gas production. California State Route 166 runs along most of the length of the valley, connecting the coastal communities of Santa Maria and Arroyo Grande with the San Joaquin Valley near Bakersfield.
Geography.
The valley encompasses an area of approximately . It is bounded on all sides by mountains, and the Cuyama River escapes west through a narrow canyon to the Pacific Ocean between the Sierra Madre Mountains on the south and the La Panza Range on the north. The headwaters of the Cuyama River are just north of Pine Mountain Summit on California State Route 33, and the valley widens from there to its maximum width near the junction of Route 166 and 33, near the corner of the four counties, and then it narrows again as the river exits to the ocean between the enclosing mountain ranges. The agricultural portions are in the center, near to the major highway intersection and the two towns, where the alluvium is rich and the valley is a wide floodplain.
North of the major portion of the valley is the mile-high Caliente Range, on the other side of which is the Carrizo Plain. To the east-southeast is the high backcountry of Ventura County, which includes Mount Pinos, the highest summit in the region, and the northeastern extremity of the valley ends at the San Andreas Fault, which forms a low jumble of hills over which passes Route 166; the southern San Joaquin Valley and Bakersfield are on the other side. The Los Padres National Forest is adjacent to the Cuyama Valley on the south, east, and northwest; much of the land to the north, including most of the Caliente Range, is owned by the Bureau of Land Management (BLM).
Geologically, the valley is an alluvium-filled synclinal basin, at an elevation of approximately 2,000 to 2,500 feet (600 to 800 meters). Most of the rocks are sedimentary, and the Miocene-age Monterey Formation outcrops to the south, in the foothills of the Sierra Madre. Pliocene and Pleistocene sedimentary formations occur in the foothills along the south side of the valley as well. The large Morales Thrust Fault separates the abruptly-rising block of the Caliente Range from the valley itself on the north. Scenic badlands occur in the upper reaches of the valley, north and northeast of Pine Mountain Summit; they are reachable from Route 33 via Lockwood Valley Road.
The climate of the valley is semi-arid with hot summers and cool winters. Almost all precipitation occurs in the winter in the form of rain, although snow has fallen on occasion; only five inches of rain falls annually on the valley floor, making it the driest place in coastal Central California. Since the valley is open to the sea, there is occasional marine influence. The principal native vegetation on the valley floor is grassland and scrub, with chaparral and oak woodland in the hills to the south.
History.
The native inhabitants of the valley were Chumash Indians. The name "Cuyama" comes from an Indian village named for the Chumash word "kuyam", meaning "clam" or "freshwater mollusk".
In the early to middle 19th century, the first European settlers arrived, and near the end of the Mexican period of Alta California the valley was split into two land grants along the Cuyama River, the 22,193-acre (89.81 km2) Rancho Cuyama (Rojo) in 1843 and the 48,827-acre (197.60 km2) Rancho Cuyama (Lataillade) in 1846. The main land use in the 19th century was cattle grazing, although some homesteading took place in the late part of the century, especially in the side canyons, where there was more water. In 1939, the first successful water wells using a pumping system were drilled – groundwater is deep in the Cuyama Valley – and the availability of irrigation transformed the valley into an agricultural area.
Little further economic development took place until the discovery of oil in 1948 at the Russell Ranch Oil Field, and more significantly, in 1949 at the much larger South Cuyama Oil Field. Richfield Oil Company, later part of ARCO, built the town of New Cuyama to house the oil workers and their associated services; they moved the oil pumped from these two fields by pipeline to a refinery near Long Beach. For a brief time in the early 1950s, the Cuyama Valley was the fourth-most productive oil region of California.
As oil production declined – only about two percent of the South Cuyama Field's oil is estimated to remain – the main economic activity in the valley again became agriculture, although with the sharp rise in the price of oil in 2007 and 2008, petroleum exploration has again been of interest. Recently E&B Natural Resources purchased the rights to develop the South Cuyama Oil Field from Hallador Petroleum.

</doc>
<doc id="18535054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535054" title="Niigata Chuoh Junior College">
Niigata Chuoh Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18535059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535059" title="Anthony Pullard">
Anthony Pullard

Anthony Pullard (born June 23, 1966, in DeQuincy, Louisiana) is a retired American professional basketball player. He was a 6'10" (2.08 cm) 235 lb (111 kg) forward and played collegiately at McNeese State University from 1985 to 1990. He also attended Odessa Junior College but did not play competitive basketball. He was named "Sports Illustrated" Player of the Week for March 5, 1990 after averaging 27.7 points and 13.3 rebounds in three wins, highlighted by a 35-point, 18-rebound performance in a 60-54 victory over North Texas on March 3, 1990.
Pullard signed with the Philadelphia 76ers of the NBA but was waived in July 1990. He signed with the Milwaukee Bucks in August, 1992, and played 8 games with them in the 1992-93 season, averaging 2.1 points and 1.0 rebound per contest. He was waived in January, 1993. Days later, he was signed by the Rockford Lightning of the CBA. According to the Canadian-based "Latinbasket" website, Pullard last played professionally in Ciudad Victoria, Mexico, in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18535073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535073" title="Germain Sée">
Germain Sée

Germain Sée (February 6, 1818 – May 12, 1896) was a French clinician who was a native of Ribeauvillé, Haut-Rhin.
He studied medicine in Paris, obtaining his doctorate in 1846 with a dissertation on ergotism. In 1855 he became "médecin des hôpitaux" in Paris, and subsequently worked at La Rochefoucauld (1857), Beaujon (1861), Pitié (1862) and Charité (1868) hospitals. In 1867 he succeeded Armand Trousseau (1801–1867) as professor of therapeutics and materia medica, and in 1876 attained the chair of clinical medicine at the Hôtel-Dieu de Paris, a position he held for the remainder of his career.
Sée specialized in the study of lung and cardiovascular diseases, and he made contributions involving research of chorea and its association with rheumatic disorders. He conducted extensive studies of various drugs, being an advocate of antipyrine for headaches, and sodium salicylate for treatment of rheumatism.
Among his writings were the nine volume "Médecine clinique", a work that he co-authored with Frédéric Labadie-Lagrave (1844–1917), and "Leçons de pathologie expérimentale", a treatise on experimental pathology that was edited and published by Maurice Raynaud (1834–1881). 
In 1869 he became a member of the "Académie de Médecine".

</doc>
<doc id="18535074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535074" title="Bailey Hanks">
Bailey Hanks

Bailey Noel Hanks (born February 6, 1988) is an American singer, actress, and dancer best known for winning MTV's "". She performed on Broadway as Elle Woods in "Legally Blonde: The Musical" in 2008.
Life and career.
Hanks was born on February 6, 1988 in Anderson, South Carolina, to Brad and Angie Hanks. She has one older sister, Brooke, and one younger sister, Bradlee. Her father is a pastor and youth minister in addition to being a highway patrolman, while her mother is a nurse. Hanks attended Westside High School (South Carolina) in Anderson. She transferred to and graduated from Pendleton High School in 2006. Growing up in the local theater, her notable appearances were as Dorothy in "The Wizard of Oz"; Gertrude McFuzz in "Seussical the Musical"; Elle Woods in Legally Blonde; Baby June in Gypsy; Hello, Dolly!; Music Man; A Year With Frog and Toad; Annie; Bye Bye Birdie; A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum; and High Steppin' Country. Bailey studied under Sarah Reese, an esteemed former opera singer. Bailey was also crowned Miss Liberty Teen 2005, and competed in the Miss SC Teen Pageant. Hanks also had the honor of performing the National Anthem for president Bill Clinton in 2000. Hanks is an alumna of Gamma Phi Beta (Coastal Carolina University) in real life. Hanks most recently starred as Sharpay Evans in a production of "High School Musical" which ran from November 5 to December 7, 2008 at the Paper Mill Playhouse.
Hanks appeared in the daytime television soap opera "Guiding Light" in April 2009.
Bailey played the part of the NYU Tour Guide in the third installment of Touchstone Pictures' "Step Up" franchise. The film, titled "Step Up 3D", premiered in August 2010.
Hanks currently resides in Hendersonville, Tennessee.
Hanks got engaged to her boyfriend on November, 10th 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18535088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535088" title="Bison B.C.">
Bison B.C.

Bison B.C. is a heavy metal band from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
The band was formerly signed to California based Metal Blade records.
Bison B.C. recorded their Metal Blade debut 'Quiet Earth' with Jesse Gander (3 Inches of Blood, Subhumans, Mass Grave, S.T.R.E.E.T.S.) at The Hive Studios in Burnaby, British Columbia. The album was released on 30 September 2008. On December 7, 2009, the band announced that they were heading into the studio, once again with long-time friend Jesse Gander as the producer, to record their follow up to the Metal Blade records album "Quiet Earth". The album, entitled "Dark Ages", was released on April 13.
Bison is especially known for its intense live shows. They have built themselves a strong fan base around North America. Bison have toured with the likes of 3 Inches Of Blood, Genghis Tron, Baroness, The Ocean Collective and Priestess.
The band was released from its contract with Metal Blade Records in February 2013.
History.
"Earthbound".
In the summer of 2007 Bison released their first EP/LP titled "Earthbound" on Nick Hart's Forest Records. Only 1100 copies of the album were ever printed.
A digital re-release of the album was made available in Canada via iTunes on September 2, 2008. An American iTunes release is expected by 2009.
Founder of Bison, James Farwell (Vocals/Guitar) is best known for his affiliation with the skate-punk band S.T.R.E.E.T.S (Skateboarding Totally Rules Everything Else Totally Sucks).
Mike Payette, another former member of S.T.R.E.E.T.S, has done the artwork for both of Bison B.C's albums - Earthbound and Quiet Earth.
There has been some confusion over what the band's official name actually is. While having referred to themselves as Bison for several years, since their signing with Metal Blade, there have been some postings referring to the band as Bison B.C. (i.e. Before Christ; or British Columbia, the Canadian province in which they live). The name change was done to avoid any confusion with other bands of the same or a similar name.
In a recent interview with Discorder Magazine, Bison B.C. guitarist Dan And gave his output on the Bison name confusion.
"Quiet Earth".
On September 30, 2008 Bison B.C. released their first full length album for Metal Blade records.
Comprising 8 tracks, one being an instrumental, the album has been given mixed but mostly positive reviews. 'About.com' gave the album 3.5/5 saying that "There's a definite retro feel to some of the songs, but others are very contemporary. There are a few lulls and some songs that could be a bit shorter, but Quiet Earth is a surprisingly good CD from a relatively unknown Canadian band that shouldn't be unknown for much longer". The website 'ReviewBusters.net' gave the album a 9.5/10 stating that, "In Bison b.c.’s case you get a terrific album. Quiet Earth makes everything Mastodon put out look like child’s play"
Quiet Earth marks many 'first times' for the band. This record is the first to feature a song over 6 and a half minutes in length. "Wendigo Pt.1" clocks in at just over 8 minutes. The same song is also the first to feature cellos and violins. Also, Jamie Hooper (scream vocalist from Canadian power metal band 3 Inches Of Blood) does a guest vocal appearance on the track "Slow Hand of Death". This is the first time Hooper has done any sort of vocal since taking a hiatus from 3 Inches of Blood.
"Dark Ages".
On April 13, 2010 Bison B.C. released their second full-length album for Metal Blade records. Comprising 7 tracks, the album gained largely positive reviews, with one critic stating "if you’re thirsty for unpretentious, balls-out, heavy-as-hell metal, this album is set to be the soundtrack to all your future raging keggers".
"Dark Ages" was named the No. 6 Metal Album of 2010 by Exclaim! magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18535090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535090" title="Mine Line">
Mine Line

The is a railway line of West Japan Railway Company between San'yō-Onoda and Nagato all within Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan. Due to heavy rainstorm flooding in July 2010, service was suspended indefinitely. Despite estimates that repairs would take up to 3 years to complete, the Mine Line was restored to full service on September 26, 2011, in time for the 66th National Sports Festival, "Oidemase Yamaguchi Kokutai," which began in October 2011.
Stations.
All stations are in Yamaguchi Prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="18535109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535109" title="West Lake Junior High">
West Lake Junior High

West Lake Junior High or "WLJH" is a public junior high in West Valley City, Utah. It is located at 3400 South and 3450 West in the Granger region of West Valley City. The school belongs to the very large Granite School District, which covers a large portion of the Salt Lake Valley in Utah.
Background.
The school was built in 1964. Students who attend West Lake come from the area approximately bounded by 2100 South on the north, Redwood Road on the east, 3500 South on the south, and 4800 West on the west. The school is located in the heart of West Valley City. The school has 64 classrooms, including six relocatable classrooms and a Parent and Family Center. West Lake is a Title One school and receives additional funding from Highly Impacted Schools, Gear Up, and Schools for the 21st Century. These grants allow West Lake to reduce class size, offer after-school and summer programs, and additional opportunities for our students, faculty, and community.
Enrollment.
West Lake serves approximately 1,117 students in grades 7-9. Students come from many parts of the world, creating a rich diversity amongst our student body. A majority of the school staff is ESL endorsed and/ or trained in Sheltered English Strategies.
Computers and Technology.
West Lake has a computer network system that is accessed by every classroom in the building. The Media center is a central lab that can be used by all students for research, with access to online information and many other library systems. The school has a series of labs throughout the building designed to enhance the curriculum and are also used for testing purposes. They have three laptop computer carts (with wireless Internet access) that teachers can check out and use in their classroom. West Lake has a small studio where student video broadcasts are created and shown during the morning announcements. They have grades, attendance and student information on the Internet for parents. Parents can come to the Parent and Family Center and access their student’s grade and attendance information.
Promotion.
Students of Westlake continue to either Hunter High School or Granger High School.

</doc>
<doc id="18535118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535118" title="Merve Terzioğlu">
Merve Terzioğlu

Merve Terzioğlu (24 February 1987 in Istanbul, Turkey-7 April 2008 in Memphis, Tennessee, U.S.A.) was a Turkish female swimmer in the sports club Galatasaray the latest and before that (2002-2006) in Fenerbahçe, both teams in leading positions nationally in Turkey. She was the holder of two national records and was Balkan champions and had obtained a third place in the COMEN Cup Swimming Competition of Mediterranean countries. She competed in the 200 m breaststroke.
Part of the swimming team of Delta State University in her first season as freshman, Terzioğlu was described as a standout performer and had garnered the Most Valuable Swimmer Award at the New South Intercollegiate Swim Conference Championships in February 2008. 
She and her teammate Molly Bates died from injuries received in a one-auto car accident in Cleveland, Mississippi, that occurred on 29 March 2008, Molly Bates losing her life on the spot and Merve Terzioğlu eight days later on 7 April.

</doc>
<doc id="18535126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535126" title="Milochori">
Milochori


</doc>
<doc id="18535132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535132" title="Petro Slobodyan">
Petro Slobodyan

Petro Petrovych Slobodyan (, ; born 2 July 1953 in the village of Sheparivtsi, Stanislaviv Oblast) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Ukrainian coach.
International career.
Slobodyan made his debut for USSR on 28 November 1976 in a friendly against Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18535137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535137" title="List of University of Texas at Austin buildings">
List of University of Texas at Austin buildings

This list of University of Texas at Austin buildings catalogs the currently existing structures on the campus of The University of Texas at Austin in Austin, Texas. Buildings are categorized based on their current functions and characteristics.
Residential buildings.
University family apartments.
There are also three off-campus apartment complexes owned and operated by the university. They are Brackenridge Apartments, Colorado Apartments, and Gateway Apartments. The apartments are about from the main UT Austin campus. Eligible students include graduate students, undergraduate students who each have at least 30 credit hours and are in good academic standing, and married students with families.
Brackenridge Apartments is a part of the UT Austin Brackenridge tract, located along Lake Austin and Lady Bird Lake in western Austin. As of 2007 the units at Brackenridge Apartments do not have washers, dryers, and dishwashers. As of that year some units at Brackenridge do not have central air conditioning. As of that year the monthly rent for a three bedroom apartment was $715. The university provides shuttle buses to the UT Austin campus. At Brackenridge Apartments many neighbors know each other and area children interact with one another. Many residents originate from other countries. Brackenridge is away from Colorado Apartments.
Colorado Apartments has 510 units. The rent at Colorado, as of 2007, was half of the Austin apartment market rate. In 2007 540 students lived in the complex; about 70% come from outside of the United States. Of the spouses of the students, many are unable to work because their visas do not permit them to work.
The Colorado and Brackenridge units have painted concrete panel and brick exteriors, colored orange.
The Colorado Apartments area includes a gazebo, picnic tables, and a soccer (football) field. A grocery store is located in proximity to the complex.
All three apartments are within the Austin Independent School District and are zoned to Mathews Elementary School, O. Henry Middle School, and Austin High School. Many children of the UT Austin students living at Brackenridge and Colorado attend Mathews Elementary. School buses come to Brackenridge to pick up students to go to Mathews. The school is considered by the area community to be high achieving. Mathews has a racially/ethnically diverse student body. The school offers Chinese language classes.
History of university family apartments.
The Colorado Apartments opened in 1962.
In 1989 the City of Austin and UT Austin entered into an agreement, allowing UT Austin the option of redeveloping the parcels of land housing the university family apartments. The agreement specifies that the parcels may be redeveloped to house residential, retail, and/or other commercial properties. The agreement regarding the parcel with the Colorado Apartments went into effect in 1999. The agreement regarding Brackenridge Apartments was scheduled to go into effect in 2009.
In 2005 the University of Texas Board of Regents offered the parcels of land with the Colorado Apartments as a possible site for the location of the George W. Bush Presidential Library; ultimately Southern Methodist University received the library. As of the northern hemisphere spring semester of 2007, 268 students were on a waiting list to get into units at Brackenridge Apartments. In August of that year, over 500 students submitted an intention to move into the units. Around 2007 a task force recommended selling the tract including the Brackenridge Apartments and the Colorado Apartments to developers, who would replace the apartments with commercial property. The options presented by the task force were keeping the housing at the same location, moving the housing to a new location, and giving a housing subsidy to students to pay for the costs of housing at third party locations. The graduate student community states that they preferred keeping the apartments where they were and did not support the housing subsidy idea. The community of Mathews Elementary believed that if the UT student housing was removed, the community would lose the international student culture that comes with the children who live on the complex.
When asked by the "Austin American-Statesman". about the details of the recommendations of the planners to redevelop Gateway Apartments to be a larger complex and replacing the functions of Brackenridge and Colorado apartments, William Powers Jr., the UT Austin president, said that the components of the new housing plan that would be essential for the students would include having "garden-style" apartment units instead of high-rise dormitory units, having facilities for children, and continued zoning to Mathews Elementary.

</doc>
<doc id="18535147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535147" title="Ill at Ease (The Mark of Cain album)">
Ill at Ease (The Mark of Cain album)

Ill at Ease is the third full-length studio album by the Australian hard rock/alternative metal band The Mark of Cain. It was released in 1995 by Australian label rooArt and produced by Henry Rollins. "First Time" and "LMA" were released as singles from the album. "The Contender", "Interloper", "You Let Me Down", "Hindsight" and "Pointman" were remixed for release on the following album "Rock and Roll".

</doc>
<doc id="18535148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535148" title="Darin Brassfield">
Darin Brassfield

Charles Darin Brassfield (born September 16, 1960) is a former American racing driver from Los Gatos, California. He attempted to make his CART Championship Car debut in 1985 at the season ender in Miami driving for Wysard Racing. However, he failed to qualify. He returned to sports car racing to gain more experience. He returned to CART for two races at the end of the 1988 season and made his first start at the Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course but was knocked out by engine failure after 30 laps. He also drove at Laguna Seca Raceway a month later but suffered a broken gearbox 31 laps in. He subsequently returned to sports cars and was a multiple race winner in the IMSA GT Championship. He also made three NASCAR Winston Cup starts in 1989 on the road courses at Sears Point and Watkins Glen, finishing 22nd and 12th, and on the oval at Richmond International Raceway, finishing 30th. He also attempted to qualify for the first race of the 1997 Craftsman Truck Series season at the Walt Disney World Speedway but failed to qualify. He continued to be active in IMSA sports car racing until the late 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18535157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535157" title="Zdeněk Lukáš">
Zdeněk Lukáš

Zdeněk Lukáš (21 August 1928 in Prague – 13 July 2007 in Prague) was a prolific Czech composer having composed over 330 works. He graduated from a teachers' college and worked as a teacher from 1953 to 1963. He was a musical editor and program director at the National Broadcasting Company in Pilsen and conducted the "Česká píseň", one of the most famous choirs in the Czechoslovakia.
Selected works.
Chamber music.
Flute
Oboe
Clarinet
Bassoon
Trumpet
Horn
Saxophone
Violin
Viola
Cello
Guitar
Harp
Organ
Harpsichord
Piano

</doc>
<doc id="18535171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535171" title="Century (novel)">
Century (novel)

Century is a "New York Times" best-selling novel, written by Fred Mustard Stewart and published in 1981. The story follows four generations of an Italian-American family with settings in both America and Italy. Most of the events that take place in the novel, take place in actual American and Italian history. Readers are witnesses to the rise of Benito Mussolini, the Prohibition period, Black Tuesday, World War I, World War II, the attack on Pearl Harbor, the Holocaust, and the gradual formation of the motion picture industry in Hollywood. The novel spent six weeks on the New York Times Best Seller list.
Plot summary.
Introduction.
Seven-year-old Princess Syliva Maria Pia Angelica Toscanelli is called to the Mother Superior's office. She is told that her father, Prince Filiberto was killed in battle, making the princess an orphan.
Private Augusts Dexter is on his way back from Savannah, Georgia, after delivering confidential papers from General Sherman when he decides to spend the night at a burned plantation house, in order to rest and loot the house. An old slave, offers him his mistress's jewels for fifty dollars. Augusts gives him thirty dollars and his father's gold watch. He plans to sell the jewellery and use them to fund his plans of building a bank in New York.
Part I: Franco and Vittorio (1880).
Alice Dexter, the wife of Augustus, is vacationing in the Villa dell'Acqua after having struck up a friendship with Princess Sylvia. She meets Vittorio Spada, a servant child, with whom she takes a great liking to.
Franco Spada, the older brother of Vittorio, and the gardener of the villa, bribes the local priest with a gold watch. Franco asks the priest to care for Vittorio, in the case of his death. The next morning, Princess Sylvia goes on her daily horse ride, when she encounters what appears to be an unconscious Franco. When she dismounts and attempts to wake him, Franco immediately holds her at gunpoint in the hopes of kidnapping her so that the royal family will give enough money to send him and Vittorio to America. Princess Sylvia laughs at him, and demands that he help her to mount her horse. Afterwards, she invites him to meet her at the library where she begins to teach him how to read and write. She is later warned by Alice of the suspicions that could possibly arise from her teaching Franco, particularly the suspicions of her husband. Princess Sylvia ignores it, and continues to teach him.
Prince Giancarlo returns home after a bomb scare. He meets with a Mafia man to arrange for Franco's removal from his wife's presence. One night Franco is awoken and arrested for the rape and murder of a local girl. He is later arraigned and given a life-sentence. Princess Sylvia makes it her life goal to fight for his release, knowing that Prince Giancarlo, was likely behind the arrest. She writes to Alice explaining her woes and the fear for Vittorio's future.
Alice, who is unable to produce children, decides to have Vittorio sent to America to become her son, against the wishes of Augustus.
Franco is later transferred to the island of San Stefano to live out the remainder of his life sentence with hard labor. He becomes chained to Fillipo Pieri with whom he immediately bonds to.
Part II: Love Affairs (1890–1892).
Vittorio is now known as Victor Dexter, the legally adopted son of Alice and Augustus Dexter. Augustus continues to treat him as a nuisance but slowly shows signs of warmth. He is called into Augustus's office to be pressured into attending the family Christmas party. Victor decides to ask Lucille Elliot, his cousin, but she is already attending with her boyfriend.
At the Christmas party, he dances enthusiastically with an unattractive girl, with whom he was tricked into dancing with by his cousin Rodney. Lucille takes notice and asks Victor to dance with her. Shortly after, a drunk Rodney and Lucille's boyfriend gang up on Victor leading to a public fight. Afterwards, Victor leaves and travels to Little Italy. A prostitute approaches him, and he decides to give in to his sexual urges for the first time.
The next day Victor returns home to inform Alice and Augustus that he is moving out, and living with an Italian family. He meets Gianni, the family's son, with whom he is asked to teach English to. When Victor returns to work at the bank, Augustus calls him to his office, to question the loan application of an Italian grocer. Victor informs him that he recommended the grocer to apply at their bank. The two argue after Augustus chooses to reject it based on his racist hatred of Italians. After the argument, Augustus approves the loan. A celebration with the local Italians ensues, and Gianni asks Victor to accompany him to a "club". The club turns out to be a gang led by Little Vinnie. Victor rejects the invitation to join and leaves.
Alice is becoming weak due to tuberculosis. She celebrates her thirty-sixth birthday with her family. Victor meets up with Lucille and tells her that he loves her, and to marry him. She decides to date him. Upon their first date, he discovers that Howard Cantrell, the genial cashier of the bank is embezzling money. After confronting him, Howard runs and away and drowns himself. Augustus later praises Victor for his discovery, and finally attempts to connect with him.
On his way back home, Victor runs into Gianni, Little Vinnie and their friend Marco. The three are drunk and decide to teach him a lesson. An accident ensues in which Marco is killed. Little Vinnie assures Victor before they leave, that Marco's death will not be forgotten. Later, Victor moves back home with Alice and Augustus. He later confesses the accident to Augustus, who accepts it calmly but secretly harbors mixed feelings regarding Victor's true nature. Alice dies ten days later from her illness.
In Italy, Franco writes in his diary that Fillipo has died due to a heat stroke coupled with twelve years of backbreaking work. He plans to escape the prison and prepares to do so, only to find that the newly widowed Princess Sylvia has managed to have him pardoned by the King, and released.
She brings him back to the villa where he cleans and is offered the services of a prostitute. However, Franco rejects her, and confesses his love for the princess, who has secretly harbored feelings for Franco as well. The two becomes lovers, and he decides with her support to create a socialist newspaper, which eventually becomes successful.
Part III: Years of Gold (1903–1910).
The eleven years after Alice's death, were happy ones for Victor. He married Lucille and fathered three children with her. Also during that period, he and Augustus shared a greater relationship, before Augustus's death from a cerebral hemorrhage. Three days after Augustus's funeral, the will was read. Victor learned that he had been left a large amount of money. Yet, the controlling shares of the Dexter Bank were left to Lucille. Eventually, Victor came to understand that it was Augustus's way of conveying to Victor, that he didn't completely trust him, after the night he learned that Victor killed a man.
With Victor as the new president of the Dexter Bank, he immediately initiates great changes by reaching out to new classes of depositors – primarily the urban poor and immigrants. Little Vinnie learns of this change, and meets up with Victor at the bank to blackmail him into giving him a hundred thousand dollar loan. Victor fears that Little Vinnie will tell the media about Marco's death. He arranges to speak with the uncle of Julia Lombardini, his new secretary, due to his insights on Little Vinnie's criminal activities. Later, Little Vinnie and Gianni are arrested on charges of robbery. The two had been manipulated into committing a crime that Victor and an undercover police officer had planned.
Lucille decides to use some of the income from the bank stock to build a mansion for the family. She hires Archie Winstead, an architect, to aid in the design and construction. Victor worries that she will drive the bank into bankruptcy with her spending. Tensions arise when she informs Victor that he can do nothing to stop her plans for the building, nor her plans for moving upwards in the social hierarchy. Eventually, Victor asks Lucille to sell him her stock. She refuses, because she enjoys the new power that she holds over him. On the day that Victor receives news of Little Vinnie's arrest, Lucille asks him to make love to her. He rejects her, making her realize that her once compliant husband is rebelling.
During Christmas, Lucille is in London buying furniture for their home. Victor is invited to Julia's home to spend Christmas with her family. After dinner he and Julia walk along the beach, when he confesses that he is falling in love with her. She accepts his kiss before pushing him away and insisting that she be his secretary, rather than his mistress. Back at Julia's home, Victor asks her uncle who owns a local Italian newspaper for help in forcing Lucille to sell her stock. With the newspaper, they ask the Italian community to deposit their money into the Dexter Bank. Lucille returns home ecstatic with the deposits and increases in stock. She buys a new dress, only to discover that the new Italian depositors, are withdrawing their money. Lucille quickly realizes that Victor had planned the sudden deposits to force her to sell. They argue with Victor telling her that she has forced him into doing this for fear that she will sell the stock out of the family in order to climb the social ladder. She cries and asks Victor if he loves her. He admits that he does not know anymore. Afterwards, she tells him that she will sell the stock to him, leaving Victor to realize by doing so it may have cost him his marriage.
Meanwhile, in Italy Franco is now a senator and living with Princess Sylvia and their twin sons. He uses his position to pressure the senate into launching a crusade against the Mafia. Sylvia worries for his safety and asks that he hire a bodyguard. Their son Tony, is under the tutelage of Cardinal dell'Acqua, in hopes of becoming a priest. The Cardinal presses Tony to encourage his parents to solidify their marriage by marrying. Despite Franco's continuous attack on the Church, the couple agree. Later, Tony's brother Fausto pressures him into coming along to La Rosina, the local brothel. Although Tony is initially resistant he agrees. He sleep with a woman for the first time. Later, he angrily admits to Fausto that he enjoyed it. The next day he informs his mother that he is going to be a priest.
Back in America, Julia is now Victor's mistress despite her desire to be anything but. She argues with him to divorce Lucille. Victor continually insists that the timing is wrong despite his desire to be with her as well. Eventually, Victor and his family are aboard a ship to Italy where they have been invited to attend Franco and Sylvia's wedding. It will be the first time Victor has returned to Italy in thirty years. Yet, he cannot be happy while Julia is upset at him. That night, Victor and Lucille engage in an argument before Victor asks her for a divorce. She refuses and informs him that he is not rich enough for her to divorce him yet. On the third day of traveling, they reach Rome where Victor tearfully reunites with Franco. The two converse that night with Franco telling Victor, that it is apparent he is unhappily married. Franco and Sylvia are later married by Cardinal dell'Acqua where a grand celebration takes place afterwards.
When the Dexter family returns home, Julia meets with Victor and tells him that while he has been away, she has been dating a wine importer and accepted his proposal in spite of the fact that she does not love him. Victor tells Julia that he has tried to divorce Lucille, but she will not agree. Julia does not relent and admits that she has grown to despise being his mistress. They depart by saying thank you for the last six years shared together.
A week later Victor receives a cable from Sylvia informing him that Franco was run over by a car and killed. He retreats into a room to mourn his losses. In Rome, Fausto angrily tells his mother that his father's death was no accident. He is certain that the Mafia was involved. He promises to avenge his death.
Part IV: Over Here and Over There (1915–1917).
A woman named Elaine Fitzsimmons has approached Victor with the idea of writing a book about his life. He considers it, before inviting her to spend the weekend with his family at their weekend house on Sands Point. Before leaving the office, he meets with Morris David, a director, writer and producer of films. Morris asks Victor to aid him in financing his next film. Victor agrees under the condition of seeing Morris's other works. That night, he attends the movies and watches Morris's "The Undressed Salad". He decides to finance it.
Drew Dexter and his friends steal a speedboat with the intentions of returning it. They are caught and end up in jail for the night. Victor decides to have him work with the Sand Point road crews in order to learn his lesson. In the meantime, Barbara Dexter meets Morris who has come into Sand Points attempting to meet with her father. They find themselves amused by the differences in their personalities as they ride back to her home. Before leaving he tells her to contact him if she finds any good books that could possibly be made into films.
Elaine has tea with Lucille who has been hiring her to seduce Victor. Lucille hopes that by entrapping Victor, she will receive a generous divorce settlement. However, Elaine finds herself turned off by Lucille's cold nature. She confides in Victor and the two become lovers. Unbeknownst to the two, Lucille is all too aware of their relationship and sends two photographers to their rooms. When he returns home, she triumphantly announces what she intends to reap from their divorce settlement. Before he leaves, she is startled to hear him say that he feels sorry for what he knows she will become. As he walks out she finds herself wishing he would come back.
In Italy, Lieutenant Fausto and his men are captured during the Battle of Caporetto. The German captain who has caught him allows him to escape home where Princess Sylvia has transformed the palazzo into a hospital for wounded soldiers. Fausto returns and takes note of a pretty nurse named Nanda Montecatini. He asks his mother to introduce them. Yet, Fausto is not the only one to notice Nanda. Tony struggles with his role as a priest and his strong desires for Nanda. During Fausot's first date with Nanda, he mistakenly falls prey to the rumor that all Jewish girls are easy. He attempts to force Nanda to sleep with him. She knees him in the groin. He apologizes and the two agree to see each other later. Meanwhile, Tony confesses to Cardinal dell'Acqua his lustful thoughts of Nanda. Cardinal dell'Acqua insists that Tony must purge himself of such thoughts.
Later, Fausto is traveling a taxi to rejoin his commanding officer. They are forced to stop due to a crow of people gathered around Benito Mussolini. He steps outside and finds himself entranced by the speaker.
Part V: The Filming of Russia (1920).
Morris David and Barbara Dexter are now married and living in Hollywood, where David has become a successful comedic film producer. They hold a great celebration filled with various Hollywood celebrities for their open house. Also in attendance, is the newly married Lucille, her young husband Archibald Pembroke and Lorna Dexter. During the party, Morris makes an announcement that he intends to create "Russia", the most expensive dramatic film of its time, in order to document the suffering of the Russian Jews. While at the party Lorna meets Carl Maria von Gersdorff, a concert pianist. Though engaged, she finds herself attracted to him.
While filming "Russia", numerous difficulties, accidents and upsets cause the film to be delayed and even more costly. Barbara decides to fund the film so long as Morris changes the genre to comedy, which he ultimately agrees to after realizing that all of the accidents and dramatic effects have essentially created a comedy.
Back in New York, Lorna visits Victor to inform him that she is marrying Carl. Although happy for her, Victor feels even lonelier knowing that his last daughter is now leaving him.
On the night of the premiere of "Russia", Morris and Barbara return home. The film is well received by fans and critics alike. However, as Morris professes his love for Barbara's faith in him, she slaps him. Morris eventually learns that Barbara had discovered that he had been sleeping with Laura Kaye, the female lead in the film. Soon after, Morris manages to charm Barbara into forgiving him.
A week after the premiere, Lorna marries Carl. Eight months later they have a baby girl named Gabriella.

</doc>
<doc id="18535219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535219" title="Vladimir Suchilin">
Vladimir Suchilin

Vladimir Viktorovich Suchilin () (born January 22, 1950 in Kolchugino) is a retired Soviet football player.
International career.
Suchilin played his only game for USSR on November 28, 1976 in a friendly against Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18535243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535243" title="Davy Crockett (disambiguation)">
Davy Crockett (disambiguation)

Davy Crockett was a celebrated 19th-century American folk hero, frontiersman, soldier and politician. 
Davy Crockett may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18535251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535251" title="Blue Jeans (1920s song)">
Blue Jeans (1920s song)

"Blue Jeans" ("Fox Trot Song") is a sentimental popular song written by Harry D. Kerr and Lou Traveller in 1920. In the song, the singer is reminiscing about a long-ago young love that happened somewhere in the "hills of the old Cumberland." The chorus echoes the singer's longing:
"Blue Jeans" was recorded a number of times, including by the Premier Quartet (Victor 18740, November 1920) and the Peerless Quartet (Edison Blue Amberol 4288, August 1921).
References.
Blue jeans are also something you wear on your legs.

</doc>
<doc id="18535261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535261" title="Foufas">
Foufas

Foufas (, , Paleor) is a village is a village and a community of the Eordaia municipality. Before the 2011 local government reform it was part of the municipality of Mouriki, of which it was a municipal district. The 2011 census recorded 575 inhabitants in the village.
History.
In 1845 the Russian slavist Victor Grigorovich recorded "Paliora" as mainly Bulgarian village. Stefan Verkovich, folklorist from Bosnia, noted in 1889 that there were 50 Bulgarian and 30 Turkish houses in Paleor. On May 11, 1907 during an armed clash with the local villagers the captain from Hellenic Army Foufas (Zaharias Papadas), commander of a Greek paramilitary squad, was killed. In 1932 the village was renamed Foufas (Fufas) after the nickname of Captain Papadas.

</doc>
<doc id="18535277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535277" title="Tapley">
Tapley

Tapley is a surname that refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18535300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535300" title="National Cannabis Prevention and Information Centre">
National Cannabis Prevention and Information Centre

The National Cannabis Prevention and Information Centre or NCPIC, is an Australian centre funded by the Commonwealth Department of Health and Ageing. It is located in Sydney, Australia and was officially opened in 2008. The Centre is a consortium of high quality organisations from around the country, led by the National Drug and Alcohol Research Centre (NDARC).
The National Cannabis Prevention and Information Centre was established in response to growing community concerns about cannabis use, particularly amongst young people.
While prevalence rates have markedly reduced over the past decade, cannabis is still widely used by young people, and the impacts on adolescent development remain an important issue.
The key goals of the Centre are:
History.
On 15 May 2006 the Australian State and Territory governments endorsed the first National Cannabis Strategy (2006–2009) at a meeting of the Ministerial Council on Drug Strategy in Perth, Western Australia. Christopher Pyne, the now defunct Howard Government's Parliamentary Secretary for Health, welcomed the endorsement and later confirmed that A$14 million had been committed over four years to establish a "National Cannabis Control and Prevention Centre". 
Just over a year later, as the Minister for Ageing, Pyne announced that a national consortium led by the National Drug and Alcohol Research Centre (NDARC) had been selected to establish the centre. It was eventually named the National Cannabis Prevention and Information Centre and was officially opened on Tuesday 29 April 2008 by the new Minister for Health and Ageing, Nicola Roxon in a ceremony held at the Justice and Police Museum in Sydney, 
Australian media promotion was received by the centre following the release of its first two publications, the NCPIC Bulletin and the Criminal Justice Bulletin. Both publications, along with a monthly e-zine, are produced and sourced from evidence-based information and research.
Rationale.
The National Cannabis Prevention and Information Centre was established in response to growing community concerns about cannabis use, particularly amongst young people.
In response to these challenges, the NCPIC mission is to reduce the use of cannabis in Australia by preventing uptake and providing the community with evidence-based information and interventions.
Services.
the delivery of cannabis-related interventions.

</doc>
<doc id="18535320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535320" title="Niigata College of Technology">
Niigata College of Technology


</doc>
<doc id="18535329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535329" title="Sergio Hernández (basketball)">
Sergio Hernández (basketball)

Sergio Santos Hernández (born November 1, 1963) is an Argentine professional basketball coach.
Coaching career.
Hernández coached the senior men's Argentine national team from 2005 to 2010. He succeeded Rubén Magnano in the position, and was the team's head coach at the 2008 FIBA Diamond Ball (where the team won the gold medal), the 2008 Summer Olympic Games (where the team won a bronze medal), and at the 2010 FIBA World Championship (where Argentina finished in 5th place). 
After his contract to coach the Argentine national team expired in 2010, Hernández did not accept the 4–6 years renewal offered by the Argentine Basketball Federation, therefore ending his tenure as the national team's head coach. He did, however, return to the team as an assistant coach for the 2012 Summer Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18535333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535333" title="Niigata Woman's College">
Niigata Woman's College


</doc>
<doc id="18535336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535336" title="Kylee Cochran">
Kylee Cochran

Kylee Cochran (born December 27, 1974 in Brigham City, Utah) is an American actress.
Cochran had roles in several major films such as "", "Gangland" and "The Paper Brigade". She also had appearances in national television series such as "ER", "House M.D.", and has starred alongside her husband Seth Peterson on "Burn Notice". Kylee has filed for divorce, citing Peterson's infidelity with a 22-year-old mistress. She is first cousins with musician Tucker Rountree, who is also from Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="18535339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535339" title="Alexander Tarkhanov">
Alexander Tarkhanov

Alexander Fyodorovich Tarkhanov () (born September 6, 1954 in Kazakh SSR) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Russian coach. He works as a manager for FC Ural Sverdlovsk Oblast.
His son Yuri Tarkhanov is a professional footballer.
International career.
Tarkhanov made his debut for USSR on November 28, 1976 in a friendly against Argentina. He played in a 1982 FIFA World Cup qualifier, but was not selected for the final tournament squad. He also played in one qualifier for UEFA Euro 1984 (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).

</doc>
<doc id="18535369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535369" title="Kishin Line">
Kishin Line

Rolling stock.
New KiHa 122 and KiHa 127 series diesel multiple units (DMUs) were introduced on the line between Himeji and Kōzuki from spring 2009. Journey times were reduced from spring 2010 after the entire fleet of new trains had been delivered.

</doc>
<doc id="18535372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535372" title="African mantis">
African mantis

African mantis and African praying mantis are common names for many species of praying mantis from Africa, especially "Sphodromantis viridis" (giant African mantis) and other species in genus "Sphodromantis" (i.e. "S. belachowski", "S. centralis", "S. gastrica", "S. lineola", etc.), and also
"Miomantis caffra" and others as well.
Variants of this common name are used by species such as "Popa spurca" (African twig mantis), "Oxyothespis dumonti" (African grass mantis), "Tarachodes" species (African bark mantis), etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18535407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535407" title="Actinobacillosis">
Actinobacillosis

Actinobacillosis is a zoonotic disease caused by Actinobacillus.
It is more commonly associated with animals than with humans.
One of the most commons form seen by veterinarians is the mouth actinobacillosis of cattle, due to "Actinobacillus lignieresii". The most prominent symptom is the swelling of the tongue that comes out of the mouth and is very hard at palpation ("wooden tongue").
"Actinobacillus suis" is an important disease of pigs of all ages and can lead to severe morbidity and sudden death.
Differential diagnosis.
Mouth actinobacillosis of cattle must be differentiated from actinomycosis that affects bone tissues of the maxilla.

</doc>
<doc id="18535416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535416" title="Mothman (disambiguation)">
Mothman (disambiguation)

Mothman is a legendary creature reportedly seen in Point Pleasant, West Virginia.
Mothman may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18535445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535445" title="Miss Bolivia 2008">
Miss Bolivia 2008

The Miss Bolivia 2008 pageant was held on July 19, 2008. This year only 25 candidates are competing for the national crown. The chosen winner will represent the Bolivia at the Miss Universe 2009 . Miss Bolivia Mundo represent Bolivia in Miss World 2008. Miss Bolivia Internacional represent Bolivia in Miss International 2008. Miss Bolivia Tierra represent Bolivia in Miss Earth 2008. Miss Bolivia Reina de Turismo Internacional represent Bolivia in Miss Tourism Queen International 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18535447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535447" title="Autumn Hurlbert">
Autumn Hurlbert

Autumn Hurlbert (born in Great Falls, Montana) is an American actress, singer, and dancer. Hurlbert is best known as the runner-up on the reality competition series '. After taping the competition, Hurlbert served as a member of the Broadway cast in ' until its closing on Oct 19, 2008. She also understudied the parts of Elle and Margot on Broadway. Ultimately, Hurlbert did headline as Elle Woods in a 2012 version of the production, directed by Denis Jones.
<br>
Hurlbert's other Broadway credits include the first national tour of the musical "Little Women", and numerous regional and touring credits, including: Belle in "Beauty & the Beast", Eponine in "Les Miserablés", and the Mistress in "Evita". In 2009, Hurlbert was awarded the "FringeNYC Overall Excellence Award for Outstanding Actor" for originating the role of Abby Lawrence in the comedy hit: "A Contemporary American's Guide to a Successful Marriage, 1959".
Hurlbert starred as Rachel Hughes in the 2010 award-winning film SuddenDeath!, directed by Adam Hall. In Fall 2010, Hurlbert co-starred with Phylicia Rashad in Marcus Gardley’s new play: "every tongue confess", directed by Kenny Leon. Hurlbert received critical acclaim for originating the role of Benny Pride. Hilton Als of The New Yorker characterized her performance as “phenomenal”. 
<br>
Hurlbert made her Off-Broadway debut in 2011, starring in the Outer Critics Circle Award-nominated musical Tomorrow Morning, at the York Theatre. "Tomorrow Morning", with book, music and lyrics by Laurence Mark Wythe is a new musical about two couples. "Tomorrow Morning" has been produced in London, Chicago, Tokyo and Seoul and, in 2009, won Chicago’s Joseph Jefferson Award for Best Musical. 
<br>
In 2012, Hurlbert starred as Sibyl in Noël Coward's "Private Lives" at the Huntington Theater in Boston, directed by Maria Aitken. This very successful production has been slated to return to the stage in 2014 at the Shakespeare Theatre Company, in Washington D.C. Also in 2012, Hurlbert starred as Elle Woods in at the North Carolina Theatre.<br>
She teamed up again with Hall in 2013 as a scientist named Taylor in the web-series Research, alongside Barry Bostwick and Doug Jones. Hurlbert played Samantha in the new Off-Broadway musical Nobody Loves You, at Second Stage Theatre. 
Hurlbert most recently appeared in NBC's THE SOUND OF MUSIC: Live Special on 12/5/2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18535459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535459" title="Donald Esty, Jr.">
Donald Esty, Jr.

Donald Esty, Jr. is a Maine politician Esty was the mayor of Westbrook, Maine, and State Senator for Maine from 1984 to 1996. He is married to Katherine Esty, who works at IDEXX Laboratories, and has three daughters. Esty is currently a math teacher at Falmouth High School. 

</doc>
<doc id="18535463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535463" title="Rubén Magnano">
Rubén Magnano

Ruben Magnano (born 1954) is an Argentine professional basketball coach. 
Coaching career.
Magnano served as the head coach of the senior men's Argentine national team, guiding them to a gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympic Games. In January 2010, he became the head coach of the senior men's Brazilian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="18535478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535478" title="Indio">
Indio

Indio may refer to:
Specific people: 
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="18535494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535494" title="Kibi Line">
Kibi Line

Stations.
All stations are in Okayama Prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="18535506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535506" title="Leonardo Reichel">
Leonardo Reichel

Leonardo Reichel (born July 18, 1956 in Ciudad Obregon, Sonora, Mexico) is a Mexican journalist.
Biography.
Early life.
Reichel was born in Ciudad Obregón, Sonora, on 18 July 1956. His father was Pablo Reichel Bauman, a revolutionary activist murdered under the government of Luis Echeverría Álvarez in March 1974 by the Mexican military as a result of being accused of instructing the communist party "Liga Comunista". Reichel's mother was Elva Urroz Lazheztter, who died in April 1969.
Writing career.
Mexico (1974–1992).
After his father's murder in 1974, Reichel became a victim of political persecution, being arrested and tortured on multiple occasions. In 1974 he began writing letters, poems, stories, and narrations. His first works were published during 1974 in cultural sections of the "Diario del Yaqui", "Tribuna del Yaqui", and "Extra de la Tarde" newspapers in Ciudad Obreón. Between 1977 and 1979, he became part of "Taller de Escritores de Café y Arte Nogales", a workshop of writers, and published some of his work in the "Acción", "El Noroeste", and "El Centinela" newspapers. In 1980, the "Alta Primaría Pro Arte y Cultura" and a writer named Oscar Monroy Rivera published his book "Un niño en el Valle del Yaqui" (Spanish: "A Child in the Yaqui Valley"). Between 1980 and 1982, he worked for the "El Observador" daily newspaper publishing a column called "Cosas que deben ser dicho" (Things That Need to be Said). This newspaper gained a lot of controversy as it championed the causes of farm workers and peasants in opposition to the Sonoran government. In 1982, he married Mirna Márquez Urías. Together they had three children: Elva Sofía, Eliuth Leonardo, and Beatriz.
In 1983, "El Observador" changed its name to "Respuesta", after a demand from governor Samuel Ocaña García made it impossible to continue publishing under that name. Reichel formed part of a group directed by Mario Rivas Hernández that included Pedro Beltrán Lizarraga and Atanasio Aragón Gámez, and worked for the "Respuesta". Soon afterwards, the publication was shut down by the Federal Direction of Security, which destroyed their machinery and burned their archives, equipment, and furniture. From 1983 until early 1985, Reichel worked as a reporter for the newspaper "La Voz del Norte" in Nogales, Sonora, under the direction of journalists José Luis Hernández Salas and Héctor Raúl Dávila Pazos. Following the sale of the newspaper to the Mexican Agency Information (AMI), a group of investors in partnership with the government of Sonora, Reichel resigned and returned to Ciudad Obregon. He worked for the "Revista Nacional Café Caliente" in 1985, alongside Pedro and Beltran Lizarraga, until it was closed down by the Ministry of the Interior.
In 1986, he worked as a reporter for "El Debate de Los Mochis" in Los Mochis, Sinaloa, under the direction of Lorenzo Valdez. During the opening of the "Universidad de Occidente" in Los Mochis, he angered Antonio Toledo Corro, the Sinaloan governor, when he questioned his close relation to a drug lord Miguel Ángel Félix Gallardo involved in a series of crimes against detractors of his administration. His questions included the murder of journalist Odilón López Urías. Toledo Corro fell to the extreme of slapping Reichel in front of other members of the press. Reichel left Sinaloa after receiving death threats. He traveled to Mexico City and worked as a reporter, first for the "Agencia Noticiosa Lemus" and later for the capital's newspaper "La Prensa". In 1987, he returned to Sonora and started a daily newspaper called "El Debate de Cajeme" with Pedro Beltrán. The paper failed for financial reasons.
Between 1987 and 1991, he returned to "La Voz del Norte" of Nogales, Sonora, where he first occupied the position of a sports section editor. He later became chief of information, chief editor, and eventually editorial coordinator. His column "Tintero" becomes the periodical voice from which whole bands of drug lords that worked the region along with their political friends, federal judges, corrupt police and more were lashed and denounced. He also investigated and denounced corrupt actions from the government and defended numerous popular causes. During that time, "La Voz del Norte" expanded around Mexico. In 1991, the state governor Rodolfo Félix Valdez, who heard Leonardo Reichel's criticisms, forced the newspaper to fire Reichel. He also imposed numerous barriers to housing developments that the owners of the paper were involved in. By then, Reichel had become the most recognized reporter in northern Sonora. The offices of "La Voz del Norte" was attacked with machine-guns, and there were threats of kidnapping Reichel's son. Reichel also lost his positions as correspondent with the news agency Notimex Mexicana de Sonora and correspondent for the state capital city newspaper "La Prensa". The three resignations occurred while the state candidate Manlio Fabio Beltrones was declared the elected governor of Sonora.
Reichel started working in different newspaper publishing agencies throughout Sonora, Sinaloa, and Baja California. He ended his career in Mexico when the life of one of his sons (Eliuth Reichel) was jeopardized after a kidnapping. He left Mexico to live in Arizona with his family in 1992.
United States (1992–present).
In Phoenix, Reichel was appointed the general director of Hispanic media, and worked in that post until 1995. During this time, the newspaper became the most important publication in Spanish from Arizona and one of the largest in the United States. In 1995 he launched a new, more cultural project, "El Observador de Arizona", which allowed speech writers, teachers, philosophers and students of Arizona State to publish their work. The project is currently run by Doctor of Philosophy Manuel Saldivar Murrieta, and continues via the Internet. Reichel worked for several magazines and newspapers in Arizona: "De Cristal Magazine", "Onda X" and "El Debate de Arizona". He assumed the direction of graphic design for "Teleguía en Español" for eight years. For several years, he was a columnist for "El Monitor Hispano", and wrote articles for "Calle Ocho" in Florida, "Century 21" in Massachusetts, and many other publications. In 2008, he returned to Mexico with his family.

</doc>
<doc id="18535511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535511" title="No Motherland Without You">
No Motherland Without You

The Ode to Kim Jong-il, or No Motherland Without You, is a song from the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) which is about the country's deceased leader Kim Jong-il. It proclaims the talent and virtues of Jong-il, and the attachment of the Korean people for him as he led them out of the turmoils of the Arduous March. The repeated phrase in the song is "Without you, there would be no us! Without you, there would be no motherland!" It is also considered to be the anthem of the Songun ("military-first") policy Jong-il implemented in coexistence with the Juche Idea in 1995. It is frequently broadcast on the radio and from loudspeakers on the streets of Pyongyang.
Lyrics.
Though the official lyrics use the phrase "김정일동지" ("Comrade Kim Jong-il") to refer to the son of Kim Il-sung, the current usage of the song refers to him as "김정일장군" ("General Kim Jong-il") because of his capacity as the Supreme Commander of the Korean People's Army since 1991. 
The military version of the song refers to Kim Jong-il as "General" Kim Jong-il (""Kim Chŏng-il changgun""), not "Comrade" Kim Jong-il (""Kim Chŏng-il tongji"") because of his concurrent capacities as KPA Supreme Commander-in-Chief since 1991 and Chairman of the DPRK National Defense Commission since 1993, while the civilian/official version refers otherwise because of his capacity as Workers Party of Korea General Secretary since 1997 and other previous and present civilian positions.

</doc>
<doc id="18535544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535544" title="Folks River, Panama">
Folks River, Panama

Folks River is a city and river along the Caribbean seacoast in Colón Province, Panama, near the Atlantic entrance to the Panama Canal. It is located at 
By the time the United States acquired the rights to build the Canal in 1904, the settlement at Folks River — then called Fox River — consisted of “small, portable houses put up by the French and in bad condition,” and “24 main buildings in three rows,” between the railroad shops and the main line. In 1915, the town's population (then 932) changed its name to Folks River.

</doc>
<doc id="18535560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535560" title="1997 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1997 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1997 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1997年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1997 for the 1996 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1997 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18535573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535573" title="John Morton (racing driver)">
John Morton (racing driver)

John Morton (born February 17, 1942) is an American racing driver from Waukegan, Illinois. After his father took him to a race at Road America in 1957, Morton became an avid racing fan. He went on to race jalopies in South Carolina before he dropped out of Clemson University to attend Carroll Shelby's racing school at Riverside Raceway in California. Taking a menial job working in Carroll Shelby's race shop, Morton saved his money to purchase his first race car, a Lotus Super 7 which he raced in SCCA (Sports Car Club of America) amateur races in 1963.
In 1964 he drove with Ken Miles at Sebring in a 427 Cobra for Shelby American Racing. Teaming with Miles and Skip Scott, Morton won the GT class at the Road America 500, second overall, in a team Cobra. That year he bought his second race car: a Lotus 23B, which he still races today in vintage races for current owner Tom Griffiths.
John raced mostly SCCA Club races through 1968 until Peter Brock (the American designer, motorsports writer and photographer, not the Australian racer) hired him for his new BRE Datsun team. The period between 1969 and 1972 were fruitful for John, Peter and Datsun. The team disbanded after the 1972 season after dominating both SCCA C Production with the 240Z (National Championships in 1970-71) and the 2.5 Trans-Am with the 510 (Championships in 1971-72).
Racing in F5000, Can-Am and IMSA occupied the next few years. A short almost accidental foray into the movie industry in 1975 led to stunt work on a couple of feature films (Gumball Rally and Greased Lightning) and several TV shows (Rockford Files and Fantasy Island). In 1981 Phil Conte joined John's small Can-Am team as a sponsor for two years after which Phil formed his own IMSA team with John as one of his two drivers in the GTP category.
In 1985 Jim Busby hired John as team driver in one of his BF Goodrich sponsored Porsche 962s with Pete Halsmer. The pair won the Times GP at Riverside in 1985. In 1987 John drove for the Group 44 Jaguar team of Bob Tullius and won the last Times GP at Riverside and the West Palm Beach GP, both sharing the car with Hurley Haywood. The Walkinshaw team replaced Tullius' Jaguar team for 1988 and the Electramotive Nissan Team signed Morton. John and Geoff Brabham won several races that year setting the stage for Nissan's domination of the IMSA series for several years.
Other notable Nissan races for John during 1989-95 include an overall victory at Sebring and several class wins, including Le Mans in 1994, one of nine times he has competed at Le Mans. Several races in various other classes and categories include Sprint cars and karts. Morton also made 6 starts in the CART Championship Car series. He first entered a CART race at the Riverside International Raceway in 1982 but his entry was declined due to a lack of experience in those cars. He attempted that race again in 1983 but failed to qualify. He made his CART debut in the first race of the 1984 season at the Long Beach Grand Prix and finished 9th. He made four more starts that year and failed to qualify for two other races, but couldn't match the 9th place finish of his debut. He also entered the 1984 Indianapolis 500 but the car never appeared. He made a one off appearance in the 1986 Molson Indy Toronto and finished 12th. He failed to qualify for the 1990 Detroit Grand Prix and 1993 Indianapolis 500 in his other CART attempts.
In his most recent professional races, 1997–2001, John raced Porsches in both the Grand Am Rolex Sports Car Series and American Le Mans Series. Currently most of John's competition is in vintage races driving a variety of cars, which include Cobra coupes, Corvettes, Porsches, a Sunbeam Tiger and his favorite race car: the Scarab that he saw race at Road America while still a teenager.
Morton has competed at the Monterey Historic Automobile Races several times. In 2010, he suffered a horrific crash when his Scarab flipped end over end near turn two of Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca, landing on its roll bar. He was taken to the hospital, and was determined to be fine. The Scarab was seriously damaged, but is due to be rebuilt and restored to original specifications.

</doc>
<doc id="18535578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535578" title="Raja Laut">
Raja Laut

Raja Laut is a classic two masted gaff rigged wooden schooner. Built in 2006, her hull and rigging are based on the designs of classic European yachts and small trading ships of the 19th Century.
Design.
"Raja Laut"s length overall is ; one of the largest classic yachts of her kind sailing in Asia today. Her beam is , and she has a displacement of 150 tons. Under sail, she is capable of a top speed of , whilst her Yanmar turbo engine allow her a top speed of .
The hull design is typical of traditional wooden schooners from Europe and America. The hull of "Raja Laut" was built of hard and resistant timber, a type of ironwood known as Belian or Ulin, forming a strong and watertight hull, with all fastening in '304' stainless steel. Emphasis on timber quality and symmetry of construction mean the hull lines provide for a smooth flow of water and excellent stability.
Name.
The Malay name "Raja Laut", translates to "King of the Sea", is a reference to the history and maritime adventure stories of Malaysia State of Terengganu, South East Asia.
Luxury charter.
"Raja Laut" is part of a number of sail charters that operates around the Asia-Pacific region. The vessel has only six cabins, with a maximum of 12 passengers. In January 2011, "Raja Laut" was involved in a more unusual charter when she was hired as one of the sets for the making of a feature film about 50 German World War One marines left stranded by the light cruiser during the Battle of Cocos. The film was being made by the veteran filmmaker Berengar Pfahl.

</doc>
<doc id="18535584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535584" title="BNS Bangabandhu">
BNS Bangabandhu

BNS "Bangabandhu" is a Guided Missile Frigate of the Bangladesh Navy, and is one of the most modern currently in service. She is currently moored at Chittagong, serving with the Commodore Commanding BN Flotilla (COMBAN). About 200 personnel serve aboard her. This frigate type is said to the most modern frigate of its class according to the Bangladesh Navy.
History.
Named for Bangladesh's founding father Sheikh Mujibur Rahman who is popularly termed as Bangabandhu, she is capable of serving in a combat role, as well as performing peacetime maritime duties. She was laid down on March 11, 1998 at Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering, Republic of Korea, and commissioned on June 20, 2001 as BNS Bangabandhu
Later, the ship was decommissioned for various warranty repair works and placed in reserve class-III as DW 2000-H frigate on February 13, 2002. In 2007 she was commissioned again as BNS Khalid Bin Walid. Later on 2009 she was renamed as BNS Bangabandhu.On 29 August 2013, the ship got the national standard.
Armament.
This vessel is said to be the most modern frigate of its class in the region according to official statistics. It is equipped with some of the most advanced systems available; the Otomat Mk.II Block.IV AShMs on board the vessel are an advanced and highly capable missile system with a range of 180+ km; these AShMs can change course mid-flight and the warship does not need to be repositioned to fire at the target (unlike other anti-ship missiles). It will be upgraded with the addition of another quad Otomat AShM launcher. Additionally the vessel is armed with sophisticated point-defence surface to air missile system in the form of 8 FM-90N SAMs (15 km range) and 4 x Otobreda 40 mm/70 (2 twin) compact CIWS. The vessel is also armed with 6 x 324 mm B-515 (2 triple) tubes which fire the EuroTorp Whitehead A244/S Mod.3 torpedoes (which is the latest version of that particular torpedo). All of these weapons systems together with the 1 x Otobreda 76 mm/62 Super Rapid Gun give the vessel extensive combat capability. This frigate is also equipped with Thales sensors including Mirador optical tracking system and Lirod Mk. 2 fire control radar. The combat management system of the ship is Thales TACTICOS.
The Agusta-Westland AW109 Power naval helicopter on board is compatible to fire the C-701 AShMs and torpedoes among other weapons.
Mission.
The primary role of this ship is the defence and surveillance of the country’s exclusive economic zone. She also carries out various constabulary tasks within Bangladesh’s maritime boundary against maritime terrorism, environmental pollution, smuggling and can also be deployed for search and rescue operations when necessary.

</doc>
<doc id="18535585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535585" title="Contract (2008 film)">
Contract (2008 film)

Contract (2008) is a Hindi film by Ram Gopal Varma, where the story revolves around an ex-commando man, Aman, whose wife and daughter are killed in a terrorist attack. A top undercover cop then approaches Aman to collaborate with him to hunt the mastermind of these terrorist attacks Sultan, who is planning another big attack on the city of Mumbai. With meticulous planning, Aman infiltrates the underworld gangs to reach Sultan, the chief mentor.

</doc>
<doc id="18535598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535598" title="Comparison of shopping cart software">
Comparison of shopping cart software

The following is a comparison of the features of notable shopping cart software packages available. Some of the shopping cart software packages are extensible through a third-party application. As such, the features listed below may not encompass all possible features for a given shopping cart software package. The reader should also be aware that the shopping carts listed here are but a fraction of all the carts on the market.
General information.
Basic general information about the shopping carts including creator, pricing, etc.
Data storage.
Information about what data storage system can be used.
General features.
Information about the features the shopping carts offer.
Customer features.
Information about the features the shopping carts offer.
Customer reward features.
Information about the features the shopping carts offer.
Administration area features.
Information about the features the shopping carts offer.
Search engine optimization features.
Information about the features the shopping carts offer.
Security features.
Information about the features the shopping carts offer.
Other features.
Information about the features the shopping carts offer.
Payment gateway support.
Information about which payment gateways are supported.
Alternative checkout support.
Information about which alternative checkouts are supported.
Real time shipping calculation.
Information about if the Shopping Carts have Real Time Shipping Calculation built in to be able to calculate how much it will cost to ship an order in real time when the customer checks out an order.
Shipment booking integration.
Information about if the Shopping Carts have Shipment Booking Integration to allow staff to be able to book shipments for a number of orders at once via the control panel.
Shipment tracking integration.
Information about if the Shopping Carts have Shipment Tracking Integration to show the customers the tracking information on the View Order pages.

</doc>
<doc id="18535599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535599" title="Crozer Quarterly">
Crozer Quarterly

Crozer Quarterly began publishing in 1924. It is a journal dedicated to religious and theological scholarship.

</doc>
<doc id="18535632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535632" title="David Cittadini">
David Cittadini

David Cittadini was an important technologist in the New Zealand business market in the 1990s. He was involved in creating and leading a number of important technology developments within New Zealand, such as Object-oriented programming and Distributed object computing. He was a member of a number of New Zealand technology-related standard groups (including Standards New Zealand) and was involved in a number of international standard bodies, such as the Object Management Group, and was an energetic proponent of leading-edge approaches and technologies in New Zealand. He is recorded as being the initial Technology Architect for the INCIS Project and was strongly identified as being the initiator of the leading-edge technology approach of the INCIS project. However, the August 1994 Sapphire Technology Ltd handover report, tabled as part of the 2000 Ministerial Inquiry into the project, Cittadini recommended that New Zealand Police should not proceed with the project; the project subsequently collapsed (see INCIS).
He has contributed to many technology-based books, such as Java Development on PDAs where Cittadini is credited as a key contributor by the author Daryl Wilding-McBride. He is the author of many published technology articles, such as a Java Naming article published in the Java Developers Journal.
He was an early adopter of a number of leading-edge technologies, such as those developed by Taligent. He was the only non-IBM person on IBMs internal technology review team and was the only person to develop and release a product using Taligent technology
He created the initial firewall configuration script which is now a very important security component in numerous Unix implementations, such as FreeS/WAN.
Cittadini was one of the earliest Solutions Architect in New Zealand and Australia. He created a comprehensive Solution architecture, called the Sapphire Enterprise Architecture for analyzing, describing and building complex enterprise-based Information Technology systems.
It is believed that he no longer is involved in the Information Technology industry.
External links.
David Cittadini secondary source material:

</doc>
<doc id="18535643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535643" title="Henry Ringling North">
Henry Ringling North

Henry Ringling North (12 November 1909 – 2 October 1993) was the vice president, treasurer, director and operations chief, while his brother, John Ringling North, was the president and chairman of the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus.
Biography.
He was born in Chicago and attended Yale University, he was awarded a Silver Star for his actions in the Navy during World War II. In the 1960s he became an Irish citizen. He was involved with two oil firms in Oklahoma. His first two marriages ended in divorce. He died on 2 October 1993 in Begnins near Geneva, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="18535672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535672" title="Jalan Sri Aman">
Jalan Sri Aman

Jalan Sri Aman or Jalan Polis, Federal route is a federal roads in Sri Aman Division, Sarawak, Malaysia. It is also a main route to Sri Aman town from Pan Borneo Highway.

</doc>
