<doc id="18249818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249818" title="World Union for Protection of Life">
World Union for Protection of Life

The World Union for Protection of Life (German: Weltbund zum Schutz des Lebens, French: Union Mondiale pour la Protection de la Vie, Russian: Всемирный союз для защиты жизни) is an international non-profit organization and non-governmental organization which was founded 1958 in Salzburg (Austria) by the writer Günther Schwab. The concept "Protection of Life" is considered to be different from the protection of the environment as it has been used by the United Nations Environmental Program (UNEP), though that organization was founded as a result of the United Nations Conference on the Human Environment in 1972.
Günther Schwab is known as the author of the screenplay for the movie "Der Förster vom Silberwald" (Heimatfilm, literally homeland film), released 25 November 1954 in Vienna (as "Echo der Berge") and 8 February 1955 in Munich. In his novel "Der Tanz mit dem Teufel" ("Dance with the Devil") Günther Schwab gives his expressions to sentiments for nature protection and describes the destruction of nature as a plan of a devil who seems really existent. The book was translated in many languages, the first English translation was published 1963. In the year 1958 Schwab started to set up an organization with the name "World Union for Saving of Life" which was registered as "World Union for Protection of Life" two years later and soon activated branches in more than 30 countries all over the world.
Germany.
International congresses with scientist and church organizations mainly took place in German speaking countries.
Around the year 1968 the organization had several thousand members in the Federal Republic of Germany. Famous members were the physicist Karl Bechert and the chemist Hans-Adalbert Schweigart.
The organization played an active role during the foundation of the German Green Party, especially in Lower Saxony.
Austria.
The organization was officially registered as "World Union for Saving of Life" on 24 September 1958 in Salzburg and is therefore one of the oldest anti-nuclear organization.
The greatest group – concerning the numbers of members – is still in Austria and is an open institution for everyone. One of the famous members was the biologist Annie Francé-Harrar. The Austrian anti-nuclear power activist Robert Jungk engaged himself for the WUPL.
International activities.
According to its own publications the WUPL had "sections" in Australia, Egypt, Ethiopia, Belgium, Brasília, Bulgaria, Canada, Czechoslovakia, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Hungary, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Romania, Sweden, Switzerland, Spain, South-Korea, South-Africa, Yugoslavia and USA.
A scientific advisory board of 400 scientists out of 53 countries supported the work of the organization. Among them were 40 Nobel laureates. President of the board was Linus Pauling. Günther Schwab himself held about 1500 public readings.
In Australia the WUPL tried to ward off the dangers connected with the building of the Atomic Reactor at Jervis Bay, only about 130 miles from Sydney.
The World Union for Protection of Life gave the Hans-Adalbert-Schweigart-Medal to:
In 2008 – 50 years after foundation – the organization pledged for the Global Population Speak Out (GPSO). Since 2009 the international stage was activated by scientists in 13 countries. For many organizations with similar goals has been set up since the 1970er, today the WUPL is only open for elected representatives of organizations with equal goals and members with a scientific qualification. In October 2009 the German text of the foundation document was published in the internet. International Members take part in the United Nations Climate Change Conference 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18249827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249827" title="Conrad Victor Ankarcrona">
Conrad Victor Ankarcrona

Conrad Victor Ankarcrona (1823–1912) was a Grand Master of the Court of the King of Sweden.
Family and children.
Ankarcrona was the son of Theodor Vilhelm Ankarcrona, Gentleman of the Bedchamber of the Court of the King of Sweden, and first wife Charlotta, Friherrinnan Sture.
He married in 1851 his cousin Ebba Charlotta, Grefvinnan Bielke (1828–1911), daughter of Niels, Grefve Bielke, Gentleman of the Bedchamber of the King of Sweden, and wife Ebba Florentine, Friherrinnan Sture. They had at least one son, Oscar Carl Gustav Ankarcrona, born on 10 June 1857, a Huntsman-Major of the Court of the King of Sweden, Major of the Swedish Army, etc., who married on 20 November 1886 Anna Elisabeth Aurora Carleson (5 November 1867 -), and had issue.

</doc>
<doc id="18249830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249830" title="Trash Yéyé">
Trash Yéyé

Trash Yéyé is an album by Benjamin Biolay, released in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18249842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249842" title="Ulf Nilsson">
Ulf Nilsson

Ulf Nilsson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18249843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249843" title="Cornwall County Constabulary">
Cornwall County Constabulary

Cornwall County Constabulary was the Home Office police force for the county of Cornwall, England, until 1967.
The force was formed in 1857. It absorbed Bodmin Borough Police in 1865, Liskeard Borough Police in 1877, Launceston Borough Police in 1883, Falmouth Borough Police, Helston Borough Police, Penryn Borough Police and St Ives Borough Police in 1889, Truro City Police in 1921, and Penzance Borough Police and the Isles of Scilly Police in 1947. From 1947 it was officially called the Cornwall and Isles of Scilly Constabulary, although this name was rarely used. In 1965, it had an establishment of 500 and an actual strength of 446.
On 1 April 1967 it amalgamated with Devon and Exeter Police and Plymouth City Police to form Devon and Cornwall Constabulary.

</doc>
<doc id="18249858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249858" title="Tomás Campos">
Tomás Campos

He was part of the Cruz Azul side that became the first Mexican team to reach the final of the Copa Libertadores.
A left-sided wingback or midfielder, Campos earned seven caps for Mexico in 2001 and 2002, scoring one goal. He was a part of the first selection called up by Javier Aguirre upon Aguirre's first appointment as Mexican head coach in June 2001.
International goals.
Mexico national team 1000th goal

</doc>
<doc id="18249863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249863" title="Juhdum">
Juhdum

Juhdum () is a Palestinian village located eight kilometers east of Bethlehem.The village is in the Bethlehem Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 1,391 in mid-year 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18249865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249865" title="Phoenix Metro">
Phoenix Metro

Phoenix Metro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18249869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249869" title="Emir Sinanović">
Emir Sinanović

Emir Sinanović (born 24 October 1988) is a Bosnian football midfielder who currently plays for FC Aarau in the Swiss Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="18249933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249933" title="Zoran Čutura">
Zoran Čutura

Zoran Čutura (born 12 March 1962 in Zagreb) is a former Croatian basketball player. Čutura won a silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics with Yugoslavia.
He is the father of Tomislav, a former basketball player at Lycoming College in Pennsylvania and Hana, a current student the University of California, Berkeley and a member of the Golden Bear volleyball team that was a semifinalist at the 2007 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament Final Four, as well as the 2009 Pac-10 Player of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="18249939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249939" title="Robert Devreesse">
Robert Devreesse

Robert Devreesse (1894–1978) was a French priest and scriptor in the Vatican Library. His many works involve ground-breaking achievement in Greek (and also in Syriac) paleography, research into the life and work of Theodore of Mopsuestia and the history of the Patriarchate of Antioch in its early centuries. He was irregularly appointed curator of the Manuscripts department of the Bibliothèque nationale and therefore fired in August 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="18249951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249951" title="College of the North Atlantic">
College of the North Atlantic

College of the North Atlantic is the public college of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. The enabling legislation is the
"College Act".
The headquarters for College of the North Atlantic and the Bay St. George campus are located in Stephenville, on the west coast of the island portion of Newfoundland and Labrador. They are Newfoundland and Labrador’s public college – one of the largest post-secondary educational and skills training centres in Atlantic Canada, with a history dating back more than 40 years. Today they have 17 campus locations throughout Newfoundland and Labrador and one in the Middle East State of Qatar. The College of the North Atlantic offers nearly 100 full-time program offerings and more than 300 part-time courses for some 20,000 students each year.
Mission and Vision.
The college mission is to improve accessibility to quality programs and enhanced services to support the success of students and communities.
The vision of College of the North Atlantic is of lifelong learners who are educated and highly skilled, able to meet the demands of the labour market and contribute to the social, economic, and cultural well-being of their communities.
History.
After 1963, District Vocational Schools (DVS) opened in Labrador City; Happy Valley-Goose Bay; St. Anthony; Corner Brook; Stephenville Crossing; Port aux Basques; Baie Verte; Springdale; Grand Falls - Windsor; Lewisporte; Gander; Bonavista; Clarenville; Burin; Placentia; Carbonear; and Seal Cove. A College of Trades and Technology opened in St. John's and a Heavy Equipment School opened in Stephenville. In 1967, an Adult Upgrading Centre opened in Stephenville. In 1977, the Bay St. George Community College was established in Stephenville encompassing the District Vocational School in Stephenville Crossing, the Adult Upgrading Centre and the Heavy Equipment School. 
In 1987, two Institutes and five Community Colleges are formed from the former District Vocational Schools, the College of Trades and Technology and the Bay St. George Community College. These Colleges are: Cabot Institute; Fisher Technical College; Avalon Community College; Eastern Community College; Central Newfoundland Community College; Labrador Community College and Western Community College. In 1991, the Fisher Technical College was renamed the Fisher Institute of Applied Arts and Technology and the Western Community College was renamed Western College of Applied Arts and Technology. In 1992, five Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology and Continuing Education are formed from the two Institutes and five Community Colleges. These Colleges are: Cabot College; Eastern College; Central Newfoundland Community College; Westviking College and Labrador College. 
In 1997, College of the North Atlantic was formed from the province's five community colleges. The province's community colleges were administered and operated independently before merging.
Campuses.
College of the North Atlantic has 17 campus locations throughout Newfoundland and Labrador and one in the Middle East State of Qatar.
In alphabetical order, CNA campus locations are in the following locations: 
Facilities.
The Bay St. George campus consists of five main buildings. These buildings include a residence with a capacity of 170 students and dining facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="18249958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249958" title="Hawk-class patrol boat">
Hawk-class patrol boat

The Hawk-class of fast patrol craft is in service with the Royal Naval Force of Jordan. The ships were built by British shipbuilder Vosper Thornycroft (now BAE Systems Surface Ships).

</doc>
<doc id="18249967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249967" title="Russia–Uruguay relations">
Russia–Uruguay relations

Russia–Uruguay relations is the bilateral foreign relations between the two countries, Russia and Uruguay. Russia has an embassy in Montevideo and Uruguay has an embassy in Moscow. Russia is looking for cooperation with Uruguay in the field of nuclear energy, the Russian ambassador to Latin America said: "Our countries could maintain cooperation in the sphere of nuclear energy although Uruguay's legislation bans the use of nuclear energy". The diplomat said Uruguayan officials had shown interest in a floating nuclear power plant, when the project's presentation took place at the Russian Embassy recently. The first floating plant will have capacity of 70 MW of electricity, and about 300 MW of thermal power. The cost of the first plant is estimated at $400 million, but could later be reduced to $240 million. In 2009 marked the 150th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Russia and Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="18249975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249975" title="Isaac Menyoli">
Isaac Menyoli

Isaac Menyoli (born August 6, 1972) is a Cameroonian architect and skier who was the first person to represent his country at the Winter Olympic Games when he took part in the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City. He competed in the men's classical 15 km race in cross-country skiing, finishing 83rd and last with a time of 45:40.3. He also took part in the 1.5 km sprint, where he finished 67th out of 71, with a time of 4:10.07, just behind Philip Boit of Kenya.
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation reported that he had been "voted the day's best Olympian overnight", and described him as a Winter Olympics' version of Eric the Eel.
Menyoli's stated aim as a competitor was not to win a medal, but to attract media attention (as a Cameroonian skiier) so as to speak up, in front of a global audience, about the prevalence of AIDS in his country, and specifically in his home town of Buea. Menyoli explained that many people in Buea were not convinced of the threat posed by AIDS, and that he hoped to persuade them by being interviewed during an international event. "I want to ski for a reason. I want to tell people that they really have to watch out, that AIDS is serious."

</doc>
<doc id="18249979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249979" title="Royal Naval Force">
Royal Naval Force

The Royal Naval Force is the Naval entity of the Jordanian Armed Forces. As Jordan is landlocked except at its southern extremity, with only of shoreline along the Gulf of Aqaba providing access to the Red Sea, its Naval Force comprises 27 patrol boats, and has a total complement of more than 700 excluding 77th Marines Reconnaissance Battalion. The Naval Force is under the command of the army.
The Royal Coast Guard was established at Aqaba in 1951, with its headquarters moving to the Dead Sea area in 1952, remaining there until 1967. The Royal Coast Guard was renamed the Royal Naval Force on 13 November 1991.
As of July 2010 the Commander of the Navy is Major General Dari al-Zaben.
History.
The Royal Naval Force was established in 1951 as the Royal Coast Guard. It was established here in Aqaba. Its size was about that of an infantry company. In 1952, the Coast Guard Headquarters was moved to the Dead Sea area and remained there until 1967. In 1974, The Coast Guard was provided with four medium patrol boats (Bertram Class) and with equipment for the divers and frogmen.
The naval element of the armed forces, although designated the Royal Jordanian Navy, remained an integral part of the army. Performing essentially a coast guard mission, in 1988 it had 300 officers and men based at Al Aqabah, the country's only port, with access to the Red Sea. The navy operated five coastal patrol boats of United States manufacture armed with light machine guns. The navy assisted in the maintenance of harbor security, operating in conjunction with customs and immigration personnel to ensure the enforcement of the country's laws and regulations. In late 1987, three larger craft of ninety-five tons each were ordered from Britain. When introduced, each would have a crew of sixteen and would be armed with 20mm and 30mm guns. Israeli units at the adjacent Israeli naval facility at Elat similarly consisted of small, lightly armed patrol boats.
In 1991, the Coast Guard was provided with three heavy patrol boats (Hawk Class). On 13 November 1991 the Royal Coast Guard was renamed as the Royal Naval Force.
As part of the IDEX 2009 exhibition, Dr. Moayad Samman, Chairman and CEO of the King Abdullah II Design and Development Bureau (Kaddb), will be signing a joint venture agreement with Mr. Mark T. Hornsby Managing Director of RiverHawk Worldwide LLC to establish Jordan RiverHawk Shipbuilding and Support, PSC. Kaddb and RiverHawk Worldwide LLC agreed on establishing Jordan RiverHawk Shipbuilding and Support to manufacture, market and supply AMP-137 Advanced Multi-mission Platform Vessels, Provide training and service and maintenance on each vessel sold, Explore the development of other vessels for customers in the region as well a provide maintenance services for other vessels. The partnership with Kaddb will allow RiverHawk Worldwide to exchange the know-how with the Bureau and to benefit from the skilled workforce to manufacture top of the line vessels to be marketed to the Jordan Armed Forces as the number one customer to Kaddb and then to the region.

</doc>
<doc id="18250033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250033" title="Arsenal Supporters' Trust">
Arsenal Supporters' Trust

The Arsenal Supporters' Trust is the official supporters' trust of Arsenal Football Club, as recognised by Supporters Direct. The group, like other supporters' trusts, seeks to strengthen the influence of supporters over the destiny of their clubs through democratic supporter ownership.
History and constitution.
The group was founded in 2003 as The Arsenal Supporters' Trust and is registered as an Industrial and Provident Society, which means the Trust is owned equally by all of its members. Each member has one vote in the Trust's elections. Though it is recognised by Supporters Direct as the official Supporters Trust for Arsenal FC, and holds regular dialogue with the club, the Arsenal Supporters' Trust is wholly independent and is not owned or financially dependent on the club or its owners.
With a membership of approximately 1,000, it is one of the smaller supporters' trusts in the United Kingdom, but has a close working relationship with the club. AST's members include small shareholders as well as supporters and the Trust itself owns three of the 62,217 shares in the club, including the so-called 'orphan share', donated by the club in 2007.
2007–09 takeover role.
The Trust has played a role in the ongoing takeover bids for the club by rivals Stan Kroenke and Alisher Usmanov. Regarding Usmanov's bid as hostile, in November 2007 the Trust joined the Arsenal board's lockdown agreement to prevent a full takeover. In May 2008 the Arsenal Supporters' Trust came down in favour of Stan Kroenke as a more likely long term, supportive, investor in Arsenal FC and published a summary of their point of view, following a visit to some of the sports franchise and TV interests of Kroenke in the United States. The Trust went on to work as bridgebuilder between Kroenke and the Arsenal board.
2011 takeover role.
The Trust did not support their shareholder members selling shares to Stan Kroenke in May 2011 when his Company bought the shares of two major shareholders Danny Fizsman and Lady Nina Bracewell. The Offer of £11,750 per share came about due to the death of Danny Fiszman with his Estate selling his shares, obliging Kroenke to launch a full take-over bid as he had exceeded the 30 percent threshold. Kroenke through Kroenke Sports Enterprises (KSE) had acceptances from shareholders at the end of the Offer on Friday 10 June 2011 amounting to 66.64% of the issued share capital of Arsenal Holdings PLC.

</doc>
<doc id="18250048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250048" title="Conjuring Arts Research Center">
Conjuring Arts Research Center

Conjuring Arts Research Center is a not-for-profit organization, based in New York City in the United States, dedicated to the preservation and interpretation of magic and its allied arts.
Established by William "Bill" Kalush in 2003, the Conjuring Arts Research Center has over 12,000 volumes of books, journals and rare documents related to magic and magic allied arts (e.g., ventriloquism, mentalism, juggling, Theatrical Séances, puppetry, circus arts, escapology, psychic and occult phenomenon, hypnosis and deceptive gambling.) 
The collection contains several incunabula including several rare variations of the 15th century magic classic Reginald Scot’s Discovery of Witchcraft and 500 books written before the 18th century including those written in Latin, Dutch, Portuguese, Spanish, Italian, French, Japanese, German, Russian, Swedish. Many of these works are currently being translated into English. 
Conjuring Arts Research Center serves magic performers, collectors, historians, writers and magic enthusiasts by making rare books, documents and ephemera available to them.
The Conjuring Arts Research Center also holds special events, publishes two volumes per year of the "Gibeciere", a research journal with articles contributed by internationally recognized magic authors.
An important research tool of the Conjuring Arts Research Center is an on-line search engine called "Ask Alexander". It is a magic-dedicated search tool. Bill Kalush and Larry Sloman's book, "The Secret Life of Houdini" was researched on "Ask Alexander".
The International Brotherhood of Magicians' Board of Trustees recently granted the Conjuring Arts Research Center permission to provide the Linking Ring magazine files to its subscribing members through "Ask Alexander".

</doc>
<doc id="18250089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250089" title="The Vilcek Foundation">
The Vilcek Foundation

The Vilcek Foundation aims to raise public awareness of the contributions of immigrants to the sciences, the arts and culture in the United States.
The Foundation was established in 2000 by Jan and Marica Vilcek, immigrants from the former Czechoslovakia. The mission of the Foundation was inspired by the couple’s respective careers in biomedical science and art history, as well as their personal experiences and appreciation for the opportunities offered them as newcomers to the United States.
Through its prizes and other programs, the Vilcek Foundation publicizes the far-reaching influence of immigrants on the professional, academic, and artistic communities across the United States. The Foundation awards the annual Vilcek Prizes in the biomedical science and the arts and sponsors programs such as the Hawaii International Film Festival.
Prizes.
Vilcek Prizes.
The Vilcek Prizes are awarded to foreign-born individuals residing permanently in the United States, with a legacy of outstanding achievement in the arts and sciences. The Foundation awards two Vilcek Prizes annually, one in biomedical science and the other in the arts and humanities; the latter in a field designated annually by the Foundation, such as fine arts, architecture, music, filmmaking, culinary art, literature, dance, and contemporary music. Each prize consists of a $100,000 cash award and a commemorative sculpture designed by Austrian-born Stefan Sagmeister.
Vilcek Prizes for Creative Promise.
The Vilcek Prizes for Creative Promise are awarded to foreign-born individuals who have demonstrated outstanding achievement during the early stages of their careers. Like the Vilcek Prize, the Vilcek Prizes for Creative Promise are awarded each year in the field of biomedical science and a selected art field. Creative Promise applicants are required to submit essays, personal statements, and examples of their work. To be eligible for the prize, applicants must have been born abroad, reside permanently in the United States, and be within the specified age limit. As of 2013, three prizes each will be awarded in biomedical science and a designated art field. Each recipient is awarded a $35,000 cash prize and a commemorative plaque.
Prize recipients.
Vilcek Prizes for Creative Promise.
In 2013, the Vilcek Prizes for Creative Promise were changed from recognizing one winner and four finalists to recognizing three winners in each category. The past finalists are listed below.
Cultural events and exhibitions.
Past events and exhibitions.
The Vilcek Foundation is located in a landmark, Beaux Arts-style renovated carriage house in New York City's Upper East Side, which serves as both its headquarters and gallery space. The Foundation hosts exhibitions and events featuring the work of immigrant artists, designers, filmmakers, and others, many of whom have yet to achieve critical or financial success.
dARTboard.
Launching its first online exhibition on Vilcek.org in 2012, the dARTboard is an online art space developed to celebrate the achievements of foreign-born artists working in the realm of digital art.
Each year’s featured artist is chosen from a pool of applicants for the annual dARTboard Call for Entries in Digital Art, first opened in July 2011. Every cycle, applicants are invited to submit their digital artworks for consideration. Eligible applicants must be foreign born and reside permanently in the U.S. The chosen artist, selected by an expert juror, is invited to exhibit his or her work on the dARTboard at the start of the following year. The featured artist also receives a $5,000 honorarium. In 2014, three artists were chosen for a three-way tie, and each artist was awarded a $5,000 honorarium.
Publications.
American Odysseys: Writings by New Americans.
American Odysseys is an anthology of twenty-two novelists, poets, and short story writers. Among the featured writers are Ethiopian-born Dinaw Mengestu, the recipient of the 2011 Vilcek Prize for Creative Promise in Literature; Yugoslavian-born Téa Obreht, the youngest author to receive the Orange Prize in Fiction; and Chinese-born Yiyun Li, a MacArthur Genius grantee. The foreword is by U.S. Poet Laureate Charles Simic, the winner of the 2011 Vilcek Prize for Literature. A private, hard copy edition was first published in January 2012, and a trade paperback edition was released by Dalkey Archive Press on May 2, 2013.
Masterpieces of American Modernism: From the Vilcek Collection.
"Masterpieces of American Modernism: From the Vilcek Collection", features ninety-eight paintings, works on paper and sculptures by twenty artists - including Stuart Davis, Arthur Dove, Marsden Hartley, Georgia O'Keeffe and Max Weber. William C. Agee contributed the book’s introduction and Lewis Kachur wrote individual entries on each work. In addition to tracing the evolution of individual artists and the movement as a whole, the book explores developments within American Modernism, such as Synchromism and Color Abstraction, American Cubism, and the influence of the landscape and culture of the Southwest (an issue that is explored in depth in the book’s Illustrated Timeline). The Collection also highlights the contributions of immigrant artists – eight of the twenty artists were born outside the United States. The book is prefaced by a collector's statement from Ján Vilček and Marica Vilcek and has contributions by The Vilcek Foundation’s Executive Director, Rick Kinsel, and Assistant Curator, Emily Schuchardt Navratil.

</doc>
<doc id="18250110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250110" title="Mpedigree">
Mpedigree

mPedigree refers both to a mobile telephony shortcode platform that interconnects GSM mobile networks in the West African republic of Ghana to a central registry wherein pedigree information of product brands belonging to participant manufacturers are stored, as well as the organisation that has emerged in the country to manage and promote this registry to organisations and firms in the health sector of Ghana and Africa. The latter is named the mPedigree Network. In November 2008, the Nigerian National Agency for Drug Administration & Control (NAFDAC) reported to an industry publication that its Technical Committee was evaluating the security credentials of the mPedigree system for a possible roll-out in that country. NAFDAC and the Nigerian pharmaceutical companies formed a consortium in June 2009 to roll the service out for all medicines in Nigeria, though this has not happened as at end of 2010.
In 2011, the Kenyan drug safety regulator announced its support for the mobile telephony anti-counterfeiting system deployed in that country by mPedigree.
Methodology.
Manufacturers who sign on to the mPedigree scheme upload pedigree information of each pack of medicine into the central registry using standard mass serialisation methods such as those employed in the RFID-enabled e-pedigree system familiar in the United States and elsewhere.
When consumers buy a product made by a manufacturer participating in the scheme, they are able to query the pedigree information stored in the registry by means of a free SMS message. An automatic response from the registry certifies whether the particular product is truly "from source" or not. The proponents of the scheme believe the system will be effective in the fight against counterfeit medicines in the region.
In May 2010 it was reported that Hewlett Packard (HP), Zain Telecommunications, and undisclosed pharmaceutical and other partners had signed up to the mPedigree program with plans to extend the service to multiple countries across Africa. Some West African companies were also reported as using the technology.
Trials.
The platform has been in testing since 28 January 2008. Media reports in Ghana suggest that monitored trials conducted in the two major cities in the country, Accra and Kumasi, were largely successful. In a forum convened together with the US-based Partnership for Safe Medicines and the Ghana Food & Drugs Board, the Deputy Chief Executive of the Food & Drugs Board announced that the Ghanaian Authorities were investigating the introduction of the mPedigree platform as a national standard based on the outcomes of the trial.
Partnerships.
MPedigree lists as its supporting partners: the World Economic Forum Technology Pioneers Program, Ashoka, Nokia, and a number of telecoms carriers and pharmaceutical regulators in Ghana, Nigeria, and India.
Social Marketing.
In April 2008, mPedigree announced that it had commissioned the first documentary on the fake drugs phenomenon produced within West Africa by a locally-based production House. This documentary was debuted in partnership with the German overseas cultural establishment, the Goethe Institut, and later premiered on Ghanaian television networks, including the national broadcaster, GTV.
Awards.
In November 2009, mPedigree lost out to Air Semiconductor in the finals of the 2009 Institution of Engineering Technology's Innovation Awards.
On 4 December 2008, the World Economic Forum announced that it has selected mPedigree as a 2009 Technology Pioneer. The World Economic Forum's Technology Pioneer Program alumni includes NanoSolar, Google, the Wikimedia Foundation (publishers of the Wikipedia), Mozilla, and Raindance Technologies.
In November 2010, mPedigree won the start-up category of the Global Security Challenge in London, becoming the first organisation in the Southern Hemisphere to win the award according to the organisers.
In February 2011, mPedigree won the 2011 Netexplorateur Grand Prix at UNESCO in Paris, for combating fake medicine in Africa through texting.
In August 2013, mPedigree's President, Bright Simons, was given a lifetime achievement award by the International Foundation for Africa Innovation, for his work in mobile innovation.
Also in August 2013, Bright Simons, was named on a list by MIT Technology Review of the World's 35 Top Innovators Under 35.

</doc>
<doc id="18250117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250117" title="Black Jack (confectionery)">
Black Jack (confectionery)

Black Jack is a type of "aniseed flavour chew" according to its packaging. This means that it is a chewy (gelatin-based) confectionery. Black Jack is manufactured under the Barratt brand in Spain. In the 1920s Trebor Bassett manufactured them, and the wrapper showed gollywogs on it. An example of it can be seen at the V&A Museum of Childhood.
While still manufactured under Tangerine Confectionery, Black Jacks have been rebranded from Barratt to 'Candy Land' and the packaging, most notably the outer box, has been redesigned. (2013) 
Nutrition facts.
Nutritional Information
Per 100g - Energy 1680 kJ (395 Kcal), Protein 0.8g, Carbohydrate 84.5g, Fat 6g.
Per Chew - Energy 50 kJ (10 Kcal), Protein 0g, Carbohydrate 2.4g, Fat 0.2g.
Ingredients
Glucose syrup, sugar, hydrogenated vegetable fat, colours (E153, E151, E129), citric acid, gelatine, flavouring, emulsifier (soya lecithin).
Each pack weighs 33.6g and contains 15 chews.

</doc>
<doc id="18250151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250151" title="List of Brigham Young University–Hawaii alumni">
List of Brigham Young University–Hawaii alumni

This list of Brigham Young University Hawaii alumni includes notable graduates, non-graduate former students, and current students of Brigham Young University Hawaii (BYUH).

</doc>
<doc id="18250166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250166" title="Swaggering">
Swaggering

Swaggering is an ostentatious style of walking affected by men wishing to assert their dominance. It is a form of machismo or sexual display which takes up more space than needed for simple motion. The exact gait will vary with personality and fashion but it is generally more of a loose, rolling style than a stiff strut. Among London cockneys, this was stylised as the coster walk which became the dance craze of the Lambeth walk. Among African-Americans, this is known as a jive-ass walk or pimp walk. The actor John Wayne was known for his swaggering walk which became a distinctive element of his screen image.
A cane may be used as a walking stick as part of the performance. In the military, this became stylised as the swagger stick — useless as a support and just used for gesturing and prodding.
Portraits which are ostentatiously posed in the grand manner are known as swagger portraits. The Tate Gallery held an exhibition of these in 1992, featuring the work of William Dobson, Anthony van Dyck and Peter Lely.

</doc>
<doc id="18250180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250180" title="Water resources management in Bolivia">
Water resources management in Bolivia

Bolivia has traditionally undertaken different water resources management approaches aimed at alleviating political and institutional instability in the water sector. The so-called water wars of 2000 and 2006 in Cochabamba and El Alto, respectively, added social unrest and conflict into the difficulties of managing water resources in Bolivia. Evo Morales’ administration is currently developing an institutional and legal framework aimed at increasing participation, especially for rural and indigenous communities, and separating the sector from previous privatization policies. In 2009, the new Environment and Water Resources Ministry was created absorbing the responsibilities previously under the Water Ministry. The Bolivian Government is in the process of creating a new Water Law – the current Water Law was created in 1906 – and increasing much needed investment on hydraulic infrastructure.
Water management history and recent developments.
The 1906 Water Law ("Ley general de aguas") marks the beginning of Bolivia's 20th Century water resources policy. The Water Law includes provisions such as water as a public good and establish Bolivian government as main authority responsible for water management. The definition of water rights is vague, “the water passing through the land belongs to the land owner as long as it does not affect others.” No provision is included for neither groundwater property rights nor water tariffs. The Water Law was minimally modified on 1945, to specify that “no water right includes the right to deny access to water to downstream water users.” In 1988, the Senate prepared a draft to modify the Water Law to include provisions such as groundwater as public domain, and to establish a water fee for farmers based on the area benefited with improved irrigation infrastructure. Similar attempts occurred in 1995 and 1999, when the government together with the World Bank and GTZ drafted a Water Law including some fundamental principles included in the 1988 version plus provisions on institutional framework and concessions of water rights. None of the three drafts turned into a new Water Law.
Despite these efforts to concentrate water resources management into a single legal document, the different sectors involved in water use continue to act separately in accordance with several laws such as the Electricity Act, the Hydrocarbon Act, the Mining Code and the Environmental act. The lack of a clear legal and institutional framework has made difficult to ensure appropriate quality and quantity of water for the different water users in the medium and long term.
Water resources base.
Surface and groundwater resources.
Bolivia can be divided into three areas, which correspond to the eastern area (a tropical and subtropical region), the western area (the arid, semi arid and sub-humid dry region), and the Titicaca basin. The hydrographic system consists of three large basins:
The Amazon basin has a high flow of water and it is prone to floods. The Parana basin represents approximately 42% of the total area of Bolivia and it is prone to droughts and desertification. The quantity and quality of hydrological information is very poor.
River Basins in Bolivia
"Source": FAO
Storage capacity.
According to the Food and Agriculture Organization, Bolivia has five dams aimed mostly at hydropower generation.
Environmental aspects.
Water quality.
The gradual decrease in Bolivia’s water quality is due to the release of untreated effluents from industries and cities. For example, in the Andean region, rivers transport high values of organic material, up to 100 mg/l. This water is used for irrigated agriculture downstream.
In the Amazon region, erosion and land use upstream, especially mining, deteriorate water quality due to high concentration of sediments.
Forestry and agriculture also have an impact on water quality in Bolivia. For example, sugarcane production is considered one of the main causes in the decreasing on fisheries in the Rio Pirai (Santa Cruz)
Water related risks.
Natural disasters directly affect Bolivia’s development; because they cause capital losses, and damage hydraulic and other type of infrastructures. Such losses, in turn, influence economic indicators such as inflation and production, which in turn increase poverty.
Floods and landslides in the rainy season affect a wide range of hydraulic infrastructure. Since year 2000, a notable increase in climate-related disaster situations have been observed in Bolivia, some of them associated with El Niño/La Niña events. In 2002, the Potosi Province experienced an unprecedented heavy snow storm, which affected about 3,000 inhabitants and killed 20,000 animals; and the La Paz Province was struck by a destructive hail, causing the death of 70 persons and US$70 million in losses.
In 2004, a prolonged drought affected the Chaco Region, which consists of the Departments of Santa Cruz, Chuquisaca and Tarija, threatened the food security, health and nutritional status of approximately 180,000 people, of which 15 percent were children. El Niño 2006/2007 event caused economic losses estimated at US$0.44 billion or 4 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) and impacted about 133,100 families or 0.56 million people, equivalent to five times the population affected by El Niño 1997/1998. About 54 percent of the losses occurred in the rural areas. La Niña 2007/2008 event caused damage and losses evaluated at US$0.52 billion, 20 percent higher than the previous event and impacted about 123,600 families. The agricultural sector absorbed about 53 percent of these losses and damage.
Potential climate change impacts.
According to a study about Climate Change in Bolivia published in 2007 by the Bolivian Government, the anticipated impacts of Climate Change on water resources are:
Anticipated impacts of Climate Change by Region
"Source": National Program for Climate Change
Water resources management by sector.
Drinking water and sanitation.
Bolivia’s water and sanitation coverage has greatly improved since 1990 due to a considerable increase in sectoral investment. However, the country continues to suffer from what happens to be the continent’s lowest coverage levels as well as from low quality of services. The lowest levels of coverage are found in the departments of Pando, Potosí, and Oruro. Increasing coverage requires a substantial increase of investment financing, which has dropped back since 2000.
The next table reflects access to water supply and sanitation services in 2006.
"Source": Joint Monitoring Program WHO/UNICEF(JMP/2006). Data for water and sanitation based on the Housing Survey (2002), Bolivia Democratic and Health Survey (2003), and Survey of Multiple Indicators by Conglomerates ("Encuesta de Multiples Indicadores por Conglomerados", 2000).
Irrigation and drainage.
The government considers irrigated agriculture as a major contributor to "better quality of life, rural and national development" and is undertaking a major institutional reform in sector including the creation of a National Irrigation Plan. Bolivia has an irrigated area of approximately 2,265 km³ or about 11% of the total agricultural land 21,000 km³. There are about 5,000 irrigation systems in Bolivia, most of them located in the South and Southwestern areas (Valles and Antiplano). These irrigation systems consist of rudimentary web of canals supplied by rainfall with few regulatory schemes such as dams, which makes them very vulnerable to seasonality of rain.Overall efficiency of irrigation systems varies from 18 to 49% in traditional systems to 35-50% in improved systems.
Hydropower.
The electricity sector in Bolivia was privatized in the early 1990s. The supply is dominated by thermal generation (60%), while hydropower (40%) has a smaller share in its generation mix compared to other South American countries (LAC average hydropower capacity is 51%). The electricity coverage in rural areas is among the lowest in Latin America.
Aquatic ecosystems.
Bolivian ecosystems are linked with the characteristics of every river basin. The Endorreic basin hosts a typical Central Andean dry puna, the inter-Andean valleys host mountain forest, and the east valleys host tropical forests and wet savannas. The endorreic basin, with little vegetation and precipitation and 40% of Bolivia’s population, has traditionally been dedicated to agriculture and mining. In the inter-Andean valleys, with steep slopes, there is a need for irrigation and terraces to avoid soil erosion. These valleys produce high crop yields and have a positive impact on Bolivia’s overall economy. Drainage systems and fragility of soil are the main challenges in the tropical east. Agriculture in this area has grown to produce soya, cotton, sunflowers, and sugarcane.
Legal and institutional framework.
Legal framework.
The former Water Ministry made an effort to draft a Water Law integrating the multipurpose use of water on a coherent and unique legal document. It is uncertain whether the new Environment and Water Resources Ministry will continue with this effort. In the meantime, two of the most important sectors in terms of social impact are regulated under a specific law, namely the Water and Sanitation Services Law No. 2066 and the Irrigation Law No. 7828.
The Irrigation Law establishes a system for granting and registering traditional water user rights “guaranteeing legally and permanently water for irrigation.” This registration of water rights for irrigation limits somehow the way in which the government can grant access to other water users through the future Water Law. .
The Water and Sanitation Services Law No. 2029 of 1999, was revised in 2000 after Cochabamba’s water war into Law No. 2066. The new law includes provisions for protection of traditional water-sharing arrangements through a system of official licenses and increase local communities participation in decision making processes such as the establishment of water tariffs. The Agency for the Supervision of Basic Sanitation (SISAB), (Superintendencia de Agua y Saneamiento Basico) which grants concessions and licenses and establishes the principles to set prices, tariffs, taxes, and quotas, was not modified by the new Law. The Government of Evo Morales considers passing a new water and sanitation services law called “Water for Life”. According to Vice-Minister Rene Orellana, this new legal framework would eliminate the SISAB and introduce a decentralized regulator in its place. Regulatory taxes would be eliminated along with the legal concept of the concession. A preferential electricity tariff would be introduced for EPSAs and community water rights would be strengthened.
Institutional framework.
The Environment and Water Resources Ministry, the national water authority, created in 2009 is responsible for planning, implementing, monitoring, evaluating, and funding plans and policies for water resources management. It consists of three vice ministries: (i) water supply and basic sanitation, (ii) water resources and irrigation, and (iii) environment, biodiversity and climate change.
At the regional level, and according to the Administrative Decentralization Law, the prefectures are responsible for water management and conservation of water resources, including integrated water resources management under a river basing management approach.
At the local level, the municipalities are responsible for water management and development inside its jurisdiction according to the Municipalities Law. Local actors include water users and farmer organizations, campesino communities, indigenous people, public and private enterprises, NGOs, Universities, and public local entities.
The Interinstitucional del Agua (CONIAG), created in 2002 though Decree No. 26599, is aimed at create a forum for government, social and economic organizations to agree on legal, institutional and technical aspects related to water resources management.
Government strategy.
Morales’ administration is currently in the process of developing water resources management in Bolivia under the framework of the Policy known as “Agua para Todos.”
Particularly the government is aiming at: (i) establishing a sustainable, participatory, and integral water resources management through the Water Resources Management National Strategy, River Basin National Plan and Water Sector Information Program; (ii)protecting ecosystems through a Desertification Prevention Plan; (iii)increasing civil society collaboration through a Coordination Mechanisms Strengthening Plan
Economic aspects.
Water pricing, cost recovery and subsidies.
The Water Law of 1906 did not establish any type of payment for water use. Irrigation legislation establishes a payment for water use equal to maintenance of the water system. The irrigation associations are in charge of establishing the water tariff which does not include cost recovery or upgrading or extending the water system.
For water supply and sanitation in rural areas, there are per capita subsidies of US$70 for water supply and 65US$ for sanitation. Moreover, the is an indirect subsidy on interest rates for internal financing funds and those projects co financed by Non-governmental organizations.
The campesino and indigenous community have never paid for water use. This together with the fact that they are the poorest group in Bolivia has traditionally excluded this group for water user tariffs in Water Law drafted in the past. Moreover, the Water Law of 1906 does not either establish a system to grant water rights. Hence to this date, there is no document or title defining who and to which extent water can be used in Bolivia.
National investment.
Bolivia’s national investment on water resources has been in decline at the beginning of this century but has increased in the last couple of years.
Budgeted and actual investment on water resources
"Source": Vice Ministry of Public Investment and External Financing
External cooperation.
The Inter-American Development Bank is currently implementing a US$ 300,000 project to create a strategy for integrated management of water resources together with the Water Ministry.
The Dutch and Swedish cooperation agencies collaborated with the River Basin and Water Resources Viceministry to create the River Basin National Plan. This plan was approved in May 2007. The River Basin and Water Resources Viceministry is implementing the plan in 12 selected basins in Cochabamba, Chuquisaca, Santa Cruz and Oruro departments with a total investment of US$6 million.
The Irrigation Viceministry has channeled national and cooperation funds including US$16 million from the Corporacion Andina de Fomento, US$18 million from the German government and US$ 270 million from the Inter-American Development Bank with to prepare and implement a number of irrigation projects. (See article)
The World Bank assists the Bolivian Government in a number of projects with a water resources management component including: (i) Water Related Adaptation to Climate Change, (ii) Emergency Recovery and Disaster Management; (iii) Adaptation to the Impact of Rapid Glacier Retreat in the Tropical Andes; (iv) Urban Infrastructure for the Poor; and (v) Community Development and Food Security.
In the area of Climate Change, Bolivia - together with Bangladesh, Cambodia, Mozambique, Nepal, Niger, Tajikistan and Zambia – has been selected to be part of the Pilot Program for Climate Resilience (PPCR) under the Strategic_Climate_Fund. The PPCR will provide about $500 million for integrating climate resilience in national development planning. It is expected that water resources management will be an integral part of the activities supported by the fund, whose resources will be channelled through the regional development banks and the World Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="18250205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250205" title="The House of Tomorrow (film)">
The House of Tomorrow (film)

The House of Tomorrow is a 1949 animated theatrical short directed by Tex Avery. It was part of a series of cartoons Avery did satirizing technology of the future which included: "The Car of Tomorrow", "The Farm of Tomorrow", and "The T.V. of Tomorrow". These were satires of live action promotional films that were commonly shown in theaters at the time.
The film is a straight forward narrated showcase of appliances said to be found in a typical house in the year 2050, roughly a hundred years after the cartoon was made, each one actually an outlandish joke. Most of the time the inventions following a similar pattern of being made for each member of the family ending with a fatal version for the "mother-in-law".

</doc>
<doc id="18250209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250209" title="Swaggerers">
Swaggerers

Swaggerers was the title given to the gangs of men who specialised in roaming 17th-century London in search of Scottish beggars.

</doc>
<doc id="18250215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250215" title="SS La Bretagne">
SS La Bretagne

SS "La Bretagne" was an ocean liner that sailed for the Compagnie Générale Transatlantique (CGT) from her launch in 1886 to 1912, sailing primarily in transatlantic service on the North Atlantic. Sold to Compagnie de Navigation Sud-Atlantique in 1912, she sailed for that company under her original name and, later, as SS "Alesia" on France–South America routes. The liner was sold for scrapping in the Netherlands in December 1923, but was lost while being towed.
Design and construction.
In March 1885, Compagnie Générale Transatlantique (CGT), announced the building of four new steamers for the Le Havre–New York route at the company's Penhoët ship yard. The similarly sized steamers, , , "La Bretagne", and , were built under a French government subsidy law that provided that the ships could be taken over in a time of war. CGT also announced that noted French designer Jules Allard would decorate the four ships.
"La Bretagne" was launched 9 September 1885 by CGT in Saint-Nazaire. Built for France to New York service, she had a and measured long between perpendiculars and wide. Equipped with twin triple-expansion steam engines driving a single screw propeller that drove her at , she was outfitted with two funnels and four masts carrying a barquentine rig. "La Bretagne" was initially equipped with accommodations for 390 first-class, 65 second-class, and 600 third-class passengers. Her hull was made of steel from the foundries at Terre-Noire and featured eleven bulkheads which created twelve watertight compartments; her deck was planked with Canadian elm and teak. The ship cost $1,700,000 (about $ million today), exclusive of decorations which were provided for $75,000 by CGT employees.
CGT career.
"La Bretagne" began her maiden voyage from Le Havre to New York on 14 August 1886, and arrived on 22 August after a storm-tossed voyage carrying 281 passengers. In June 1891, a westbound passage was marred when a drunken man flung his five-year-old son overboard in mid ocean. The man was seized and straitjacketed while a boat was launched in an unsuccessful attempt to save the boy.
In the last quarter of 1892, "La Bretagne" seemed to be jinxed. In September, a cholera outbreak, traced to a United States immigrant brought aboard a German steamer, caused all steerage traffic to be suspended and CGT's New York traffic to depart from Cherbourg for the next two months. "La Bretagne", arriving in New York in mid-September, was caught in the middle of the outbreak and was detained at the New York Quarantine Station (though the liner had no cases reported on board). Among the passengers aboard was John D. Washburn, the United States Minister to Switzerland, who was leaving his diplomatic post. On her next voyage, a purser's error resulted in the ship being detained for an "uncomfortable long time" off Liberty Island in early December while the error was sorted out. Departing from her pier at the foot of Morgan Street in New York on 11 December, a pilot error resulted in "La Bretagne" plowing through a pier at the foot of Franklin Street. The New York agent for CGT estimated that it would take two weeks to repair the eleven plates crushed by the allision.
The success of upgraded engines on the liner in 1894 prompted CGT to make similar changes on several older liners, including "La Bretagne". In 1895, her triple-expansion engines were upgraded to quadruple-expansion engines, and her four barquentine-rigged masts were removed and replaced with two pole masts. At the same time, her third-class passenger capacity was nearly tripled, going from 600 to 1,500 passengers.
In April 1898, "The New York Times" reported on a rescue at sea accomplished by "La Bretagne"s crew that had happened late the previous month. Encountering the dismasted British bark "Bothnia", the crew of "La Bretagne" effected rescue of the stricken ship's master and ten surviving crewmen. The crew then used carrier pigeons to announce the rescue. The carrier pigeons were being carried aboard "La Bretagne" as a trial program under the watch of a French Army officer, after the CGT liner "La Champagne" broke her propeller shaft and was adrift for five days in February without any way of communicating her predicament.
On 18 May 1899, a fire was discovered in the cargo hold of the outbound North German Lloyd liner , when she had just sailed through the Narrows. "Barbarossa"s crew—in a panic, according a "Chicago Daily Tribune" news story—turned the big liner around and hastily headed back to her pier, ramming the docked "La Bretagne" in her starboard quarter in the process. The damage to "La Bretagne"s hull was significant: a hole long, below the waterline that left her in danger of sinking at her pier. By making the ship list to port, "La Bretagne"s crew were able to get the hole above the waterline and prevent further damage. Estimates in "The New York Times" two days later put "La Bretagne"s repair time at ten days. In the meantime, her passengers were able to choose to travel on the Cunard liner or the CGT liner to complete their travel. On 27 May 1909, "La Bretagne" was tangentially involved in another North German Lloyd liner mishap. , departing for Bremen from New York in a fog, steered clear of "La Bretagne" and instead ran hard aground near the seawall of Fort Wadsworth.
"La Bretagne"s career was not marked entirely by misfortune. On her August 1902 crossing, a group of about 30 first-cabin passengers formed a vegetarian society, which they called "La Société des Legumineux", that gave the steward fits because they ignored the chef's signature meat dishes of roast beef and Philadelphia chicken. The same voyage carried eight Franciscan nuns—reportedly the last of the expelled order to leave France—on their way to Canada. In September 1905, "The New York Times" heralded the arrival on "La Bretagne" of 30 dressmakers and milliners with the latest fall fashions from Paris. Over 200 trunks of women's clothing arrived on the liner, and were inspected by married customs inspectors because, according to the head of the inspectors, "a married man is the only person in the world would know what all that stuff was".
Later career.
In 1912, the newly reorganized Compagnie de Navigation Sud-Atlantique purchased a number of second-hand ships—including "La Bretagne"—for its relaunch of South American service from France. "La Bretagne" sailed on the South American service through 1923, the last four years under the name of "Alesia". In December 1923, "Alesia" was sold to a Dutch firm for scrapping. While on her way to the shipbreaker, "Alesia"s tow line parted and the ship ran aground on the island of Texel, becoming a total loss.

</doc>
<doc id="18250230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250230" title="Russia–Uganda relations">
Russia–Uganda relations

Russia–Uganda relations () is the bilateral foreign relations between the two countries, Russia and Uganda. Russia has an embassy in Kampala and Uganda has an embassy in Moscow. The links between the two countries are traditionally friendly.
Bilateral Relations.
The Soviet Union established diplomatic relations with Uganda on October 11–12, 1962. In 1964, the USSR and Uganda signed a trade agreement and an agreement on economic and technical cooperation, which provided for a loan of 14 million rubles to Uganda. Registered dynamic political dialogue.
In June 2004, Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni had a brief conversation with Russian President Vladimir Putin at Sea Island, the summit of the G8.
In June 2008 - First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation Andrey Denisov visited Kampala and signed a Memorandum of Consultations between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Russia and Uganda.
The most active bilateral relations began to develop in the last two years. In August 2009, Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni was in Moscow on a private visit. He held talks with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, the Russian CCI President Yevgeny Primakov. The Ugandan leader also visited the International Aviation and Space Salon MAKS-2009 in Zhukovsky, the Military History Museum in g.Kubinke armored vehicles, the company-manufacturer of equipment for the food industry FSUE "FSPC device."
On June 6, 2011 the President of the Russian Federation Dmitry Medvedev and the President of Uganda Yoweri Museveni had a telephone conversation.
In 2010, the trade turnover, according to the Federal Customs Service of Russia totaled $ 49 million. Russia exported goods to Uganda worth 29.3 million (wheat, medicine, tires, metal, spare parts), imports - $ 19.7 million (cashew nuts, tea, coffee, spices, tobacco).
The country has a representation of the Kazan Helicopter Plant, is a group of Russian experts on operation and maintenance of helicopters.
In February 2011, a group of observers from the Russian Central Election Commission worked in the general elections in Uganda.
In the Ugandan hospitals under the "Zdraveksporta" open 7 Russian doctors, 11 more - private contracts.
4 thousand Ugandans have graduated in our country. Uganda in 2010, it was a 7 state scholarships for its citizens in the Russian universities (5 - for a full course of study, 2 - to graduate school), in 2011 - 5. In 2010, to study the state line arrived in Russia one man and 19 - on a commercial basis.

</doc>
<doc id="18250231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250231" title="Daniel Johnston (consultant)">
Daniel Johnston (consultant)

Daniel Johnston is an American writer and consultant to the international petroleum industry. He has done expert witness and consulting work for both governments and oil companies worldwide.
He is most well known for his May 2006 publication of a report on the proposed Alaskan gas pipeline. At the time, he was under contract with the Alaskan State Legislature.
He is currently the vice chair of the executive committee of Oxford Journals' "Journal of World Energy Law and Business".

</doc>
<doc id="18250249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250249" title="Calcium Light Night">
Calcium Light Night

Calcium Light Night is a piece of music by American composer Charles Ives. It is one of his "Cartoons or Take-Offs" and is scored for piccolo, clarinet, cornet, trombone, bass drum, and two pianos (four players). (This instrumentation can be expanded by using extra instruments suggested by Ives in a memo in the manuscript.) In 1912 or 1913 Ives grouped "Calcium Light Night" with five other pieces to make "Set No. 1" for chamber ensemble. The piece pictures an event that occurs on the campus of Yale University that is well-described by W.E. Decrow in his book, "Yale and the “City of Elms”".
“Delta Kappa Epsilon, .., like its rival, Psi Upsilon, chooses about forty members from each junior class and gives out its elections in precisely the way stated in the article describing Psi Upsilon hall...” “Psi Upsilon at Yale is a junior society, and about forty members of every junior class are elected to membership in the organization. Meetings are held on the Tuesday evenings in term time, and the elections are given out two or three weeks before Commencement. On that occasion the members form in line two deep, and, preceded by a calcium light borne on a wooden frame by four members of the society, march around to and visit various rooms, in each of which a certain number of men pledged to join the society are awaiting their coming. The procession files through the room, each member shaking hands with each candidate, and receiving, on marching out again, two or three fine cigars, presented by the newly-elected members. The other junior society, Delta Kappa Epsilon, is always out on the same mission, under precisely similar circumstances. Accident or design, or both, always cause the two processions to pass each other several times during the evening, and each, singing its own society song, attempts to the best of its ability to drown the voices of the other. It is always done with the utmost good nature, and both sides enjoy it heartily, as do the numerous spectators...”
The main themes of the piece are the society tunes "And again we sing thy praises, Psi U., Psi U.!" and "A band of brothers in D.K.E., we march along tonight." The tunes begin quietly and slowly and build to a raucuous climax as the two groups of students cross each other's paths, and then retreat back to the way they began in a sort of leap-frog retrogression.

</doc>
<doc id="18250273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250273" title="Tsitika Mountain">
Tsitika Mountain

Tsitika Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located southeast of Telegraph Cove and northwest of Mount Abel.

</doc>
<doc id="18250283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250283" title="Marcel Dupont">
Marcel Dupont

Marcel Dupont (Jupille, 10 October 1917 — Blegny, 6 March 2008) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer, who finished 5th place in the 1949 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18250305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250305" title="Top Gear Races">
Top Gear Races

In "Top Gear", a BBC motoring show, one of the show's regular features since 2002 is various forms of racing the presenters undertake, either against each other or against invited guests. The show has featured a number of epic races, where one of the presenters — Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond, James May, and occasionally The Stig — drives a car in a race against the others in another form of transport. These races typically involve Clarkson driving the car while Hammond and May take the same journey by combinations of plane, train, or ferry. May has said that the races are planned to be as close as possible {In Top Gear, Series 11 Episode 4 1:01:13}. Of the long distance races so far, the car has won the vast majority of the races, with the exceptions of the cross-London epic, in which the car was beaten by a bicycle, a boat on the Thames and public transport; Ferrari Daytona vs. Powerboat, in which the boat won and Shelby Mustang GT500 vs. High Speed Train, in which the train won.
Races.
Aston Martin DB9 vs. French TGV - Distance 900 miles.
"Series Four, Episode One"
Clarkson drove an Aston Martin DB9 from the Dunsfold studio in Surrey to Monte Carlo, against Hammond and May who took the Eurostar and the French TGV. Hammond and May walked two miles to a bus stop, took a bus to Guildford railway station, and went on a train to London Waterloo. From there they took the Eurostar to Gare du Nord, the RER to Gare de Lyon, the French TGV to Nice, then another train to Monte Carlo. During the race, May compared the contest to the earlier Blue Train Races, won by a Rover Light Six and Bentley Speed Six against "Le Train Bleu" or The Blue Train. Though the result was edited to seem quite close, James later revealed in a radio interview that Clarkson had actually beaten them by almost an hour. "Winner: Car
Ferrari 612 Scaglietti vs. Passenger Jet - Distance 650 miles.
"Series Five, Episode Eight"
Clarkson tried to beat Hammond and May in a race from the Dunsfold studio in Surrey to Verbier, Switzerland. Clarkson drove a Ferrari 612 Scaglietti. Hammond and May got a bus to Guildford, took a train to Woking, got a RailAir coach to Heathrow, and a plane to Geneva. After landing, Hammond and May took the train to Martigny and La Chable before getting on a coach to Verbier. This proved to be the closest "Top Gear" race so far, as Clarkson overtook Hammond and May on the main street of Verbier. Winner: Car 
Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren vs. Cruise Ferry - Distance 1320 miles.
"Series Six, Episode Six"
Hammond and May raced Clarkson (in a Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren) from Heathrow airport to Oslo, Norway. May and Hammond flew to Newcastle, then took the ferry across the North Sea to Kristiansand, Norway and used a speedboat to get to Oslo. Clarkson, in the McLaren Mercedes, had to drive over 1,300 miles (about 2,100 km) through the UK, France, Belgium, Holland, Germany, Denmark (stopping to rest overnight), Sweden, and Norway. On the way from Kristiansand to Oslo, aspiring to their first epic race win, the engine on Hammond and May's speedboat burnt out while the back-up chase boat's hull was damaged—all while Hammond was getting seasick over the side of the boat—severely spoiling their lead. They had to land in an unknown town (Stavern, in Larvik), taking nearly a day to find a bus and get to the destination—leaving Clarkson to win the race, fly back to England, get home, and be halfway through supper before Hammond and May arrived at the destination. Winner: Car
Bugatti Veyron vs. Cessna 182 - Distance 813 miles.
"Series Seven, Episode Five"
Clarkson (in a Bugatti Veyron) raced Hammond and May (in a Cessna 182) from Alba to Tower 42 in London to deliver a truffle. Hammond and May rode scooters to the local airport, and planned to fly directly to London, but had to fly via the French Riviera since the aircraft was not equipped to fly over mountains above 10,000 feet—in this case, the Swiss Alps. While catching up to Clarkson, May had to land in Lille, as he was not licensed to fly at night. From Lille, May & Hammond took the Eurostar to London, and then a bus for the final leg of the journey. Winner: Car
Polar Race - Toyota Hilux vs. Dog Sled - Distance Approx. 400 miles.
"Series Nine, Episode Seven."
Clarkson and May drove a modified Toyota Hilux against Hammond, Matty McNair and a dog sled team in a race across the Canadian arctic. Clarkson and May won the race, and became part of the first successful attempt to drive a motor vehicle to the North Magnetic Pole. ""'Winner: Car"
London Race - Car vs. Bicycle vs. Boat vs. Public Transport - Distance 17 miles.
"Series Ten, Episode Five"
May (in a Mercedes-Benz GL-Class) raced Hammond (hybrid bicycle), The Stig (using the London public transport system), and Clarkson (by motorboat) from Kew across to London City Airport. The Stig started on a bus, then got on the Tube before taking the DLR. The bicycle was the winner by a fair margin. Clarkson, in the speedboat, came second, the Stig came third, and the car came last. Despite the result shown in the film, the presenters mockingly denied this outcome (by saying things such as Hammond getting killed in an accident and Clarkson's boat exploding which 'killed' him), and insisted that May in the Mercedes-Benz won the race fairly and foremost. The "disputation" of the result can be alluded to the fact that May was stopped by the Metropolitan Police to check the camera car's permit. The loss of time put him into heavy traffic, and cost him further. Winner: Bicycle
Nissan GT-R vs. Japanese Public Transit System - Distance 355 miles.
"Series Eleven, Episode Four"
Clarkson drove a Nissan GT-R through Japan, from Hakui, Ishikawa to Mount Nokogiri, while Hammond and May took public transport—most notably the 188 mph Shinkansen. First they took a limited express train from Hakui to Kyoto, before getting on the bullet train to Shin-Yokohama, they then had to take the Yokohama Subway to Yokohama Station, where they got on the suburban train to Kurihama and caught the bus to the ferry. While in Tokyo, Clarkson accidentally turned off the satnav system in the GT-R and struggled to turn it back on as the system only spoke Japanese, costing him 45 minutes. By the time he had managed to turn it back on, Hammond and May had taken the lead. However, May and Hammond were temporarily separated when their train split. They eventually regrouped when Hammond asked May to hold the bus. May and Hammond then crossed Tokyo Bay on a ferry, from which they used folding bicycles (carried in their suitcases) to the cable car, which got them up to the top of Mount Nokogiri; however Clarkson had already made it to the summit, just 3 minutes before them. Winner: Car
Fuel Economy Race - Car vs. Car vs. Car - Distance 780 miles.
"Series Twelve, Episode Four"
With the team booked to switch on the famous Blackpool Illuminations, the three were presented with a challenge to determine which one of them would get the honour of actually throwing the switch. This took the form of a race from Basel in Switzerland to Blackpool, taking a route of their choice and using any unmodified production car they chose, with the restriction that they were only allowed to use a single tank of fuel. May selected a Subaru Legacy diesel, Clarkson a Jaguar XJ and, to the scorn of his compatriots, Hammond chose a Volkswagen Polo BlueMotion. Clarkson bought the Jaguar because, he said, they cannot go from Basel to Blackpool on one tank of fuel, claiming "If you're gonna fail, you may as well fail in style and comfort." Before leaving France he figured out that, if he went fast enough, he could run out of fuel a few minutes from his house. However, Clarkson failed to run out of fuel—arriving in Blackpool shortly after Hammond. May did eventually finish, albeit 40 minutes after the celebration. All competitors chose their own routes, taking differing routes through France but all crossing the channel via Calais and Dover, which put Blackpool out of the theoretical range of all the chosen vehicles. With seconds to go before the switch-on, Richard—despite winning—claimed Jeremy should switch the light, but Jeremy declined. However, the honour of performing the ceremony fell to the Stig during the ensuing argument. Afterwards, it was found Clarkson's car had 120 miles of fuel left. Winner: Volkswagen Polo 
Ferrari Daytona vs. Powerboat - Distance 206 miles.
"Series Twelve, Episode Five"
Hammond drove a Ferrari Daytona against May and his co-driver in an XSR 48 powerboat from Portofino to Saint-Tropez. Both were stopped by the Italian police at different points to check documents, with Hammond having to follow the police to a nearby police station. This probably led May to winning the race. Winner: Boat
Race to the North - Jaguar XK120 vs. Vincent Black Shadow vs. Tornado locomotive - Distance 378 miles.
"Series Thirteen, Episode One"
On 25 April 2009, the BBC filmed a private charter train hauled by the brand new steam locomotive 60163 "Tornado". Clarkson (on the train) raced James May (in a 1949 Jaguar XK120) and Richard Hammond (on a 1949 Vincent Black Shadow motorcycle) from London King's Cross to Edinburgh Waverley. "Tornado" completed the run in exactly 8 hours, with four stops for water, while May and Hammond were restricted to the A1 Road (as no motorways existed yet in 1949). Winner: Car
Ford Shelby Mustang GT500 vs. French TGV - Distance 814 miles.
"Series Nineteen, Episode Three"
Clarkson raced Hammond and May from Wembley Stadium to the San Siro in Milan, where the winner would get a free ticket to watch AC Milan play Anderlecht in the UEFA Champions League. Clarkson however was restricted to any car he liked that didn't exceed the cost of 35,000 pounds. He decided to drive a Ford Shelby Mustang GT500 while Hammond and May travelled by public transport. They took a combination of bus and commuter train to St. Pancras International, where they then took an early Eurostar train to Paris Gare du Nord. On arrival, they took an RER metro train across Paris to Gare de Lyon before taking a TGV to Milan. They then took the Milan Metro to Lotto Fierra before running to the stadium. With only one ticket up for grabs, Hammond and May raced each other to the finish line. May, who refuses to run on television, procured a foldable bicycle out of his bag in hopes of outrunning his colleague. Hammond on foot was nonetheless faster and took the ticket. After the race Clarkson blamed French roadworks for losing him the race. This is the only Top Gear long - distance race in which car is beaten by public transport. Winner: Train
Toyota Auris 1.8L vs. AC45 Sailing Boat - Distance 410 miles.
"Series Twenty, Episode One"
Clarkson tried to prove that fossil fuels are still superior to alternatives, and raced a blue 1.8L Toyota Auris against May in a AC45 Sailing Boat, helmed by Olympian Ben Ainslie, and crewed by America's Cup winners. The race was from a beach in the north of Coromandel Peninsula to Spirits Bay.
Clarkson based his choice on the fact that hire cars are the fastest in the world because as they do not belong to you, they can be redlined constantly and mistreated.
No direct route exists between the Coromandel Peninsula to Spirit Bay so Clarkson had to drive south before he could turn north, making his journey a much longer 410 miles, over May's direct route of 220 miles. During the race Clarkson abused his car to such a degree it became undriveable, and he was forced to stop, visit a hire car centre, and exchange his broken Auris for another - then hope that May did not notice that his car was now red. May was constantly battered by the rough seas, and lost his satellite phone during the race after being hit by a large wave.
Despite trying to make up ground by using 90 Mile Beach, Clarkson was beaten to the finish line by May, who had a lead of an hour over the car. Also, May noticed that the car was no longer blue at the end of the race. Winner: Sailing Boat

</doc>
<doc id="18250307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250307" title="Functional manager">
Functional manager

A functional manager is a person who has management authority over an organizational unit - such as a department - within a business, company, or other organization. Functional managers have ongoing responsibilities, and are not usually directly affiliated with project teams, other than ensuring that goals and objectives are aligned with the organization's overall strategy and vision. 
In both traditional and matrix organizations, the control of the resources is centered around the functional managers, essentially putting project managers at a disadvantage when bargaining about staffing arrangements. Additionally, in such organizations, Project managers usually report to functional managers, who report to senior management.

</doc>
<doc id="18250310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250310" title="The P.O.X.">
The P.O.X.

The P.O.X. is a German psychobilly band formed in 1982. P.O.X. stands for “Psychobilly Orchestra X”.
Band history.
The P.O.X. was founded 1982 in Hanover (Germany) by the singer and guitarist Beaker Pox (Mathias Böker) and the drummer Slin Pox (Nils Enghusen). It belongs to the first wave of psychobilly bands, and is the first band of the genre in Germany. In 1983 the guitarist and songwriter Carl Pox (Karl-Heinz "Kalle" Schmidt) completed the final band formation, and in 1984 the band struck a record deal with Wahnsinn Records (Hamburg), releasing the mini LP "It's So Dark". International concerts followed, and their next album "Voodoo Power" was released on the Dutch label KIX4U.
In November 1986 the group disbanded after a European tour. In the following years the P.O.X. still played at various international psychobilly festivals with the line up Beaker Pox, Carl Pox and Jake Pox, but in 1991 the band finally stopped playing live. In 2008 Beaker and Carl Pox revived the band to celebrate a comeback at the Psychomania Rumble Festival in Potsdam.
After P.O.X., Nils Enghusen became a member of Celebrate the Nun (as Slin Thompson). He also leads the music school "Fit in Music" in Garbsen.
Influences.
The P.O.X. mostly played without the usual double bass and replaced the upright bass through electric bass or omitted the bass completely. With the introduction of a strongly distorted Rhythm guitar The P.O.X. brought in a further style element which was still uncommon in psychobilly 1984. In connection with likewise atypically distorted singing resulted the characteristic P.O.X. - Sound, which distinguished itself clearly from the traditional psychobilly sound of a slap bass dominated band. Starting from 1985 The P.O.X. used also Midi and Samples, which again represented an innovation in the scene. The P.O.X. produced the intro track for the Voodoo Power demo and studio production together with producer Yak Bondy.
P.O.X's arrangements differ from the predominant blues pattern of early psychobilly; the Song “It's so dark” is composed and arranged more in the style of New Wave or early Gothic rock in the kind of Bauhaus, rather than being classical “Old School“- psychobilly. While modern psychobilly shows playful aspects in the song lyrics and stage shows, P.O.X. consider psychobilly to be a style of expression for the dark sides of human nature. The shows include visual elements of music and text using morbid references of animal blood or skeletons, as well as transvestite elements echoing "The Rocky Horror Picture Show".
The P.O.X. were considered influential in introducing psychobilly to other music genres.

</doc>
<doc id="18250318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250318" title="San Francisco de Chiu Chiu">
San Francisco de Chiu Chiu

San Francisco de Chiu Chiu, or simply Chiu Chiu, is a village located about northeast of the city of Calama, in the Calama province of Chile's northern Antofagasta Region. It lies at an elevation of above sea level, close to the confluence of the Loa and Salado rivers.
San Francisco de Chiu Chiu Church, built in the 17th century, is the main attraction in the village.
External links.
San Francisco de Chiu Chiu

</doc>
<doc id="18250327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250327" title="Theodor Vilhelm Ankarcrona">
Theodor Vilhelm Ankarcrona

Theodor Vilhelm Ankarcrona was a Gentleman of the Bedchamber of the King of Sweden.
Family and children.
He married firstly Charlotta, Friherrinnan Sture, and had at least deux sonx, Conrad Victor Ankarcrona (1823-1912), Grand Master of the Court of the King of Sweden, etc., who married in 1851 his cousin Ebba Charlotta, Grefvinnan Bielke (1828-1911), and had issue., and Henrik August Anakrona who became officer in the French Army in French Algeria and Morocco; and a daughter, Charlotta Adelaide Sofie, who married Baron Carl Frederik von Blixen-Finecke (1822-1873).

</doc>
<doc id="18250341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250341" title="Daher (disambiguation)">
Daher (disambiguation)

Daher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18250360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250360" title="Sigma 10–20mm f/4–5.6 EX DC HSM lens">
Sigma 10–20mm f/4–5.6 EX DC HSM lens

The Sigma 10-20mm lens is an enthusiast-level, ultra wide-angle rectilinear zoom lens made by Sigma Corporation specifically for use with small format digital SLRs.

</doc>
<doc id="18250392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250392" title="Vedran Turkalj">
Vedran Turkalj

Vedran Turkalj (born 11 May 1988) is a Croatian football defender, who plays for NK Solin in Druga HNL.
Career.
Vedran Turkalj went through the ranks of NK Rijeka, becoming a Croatian youth international in 2005. He made his first team debut in the 2-0 home win against NK Pula In the end, he collected 8 appearances in the 2006-2007 season, when he was still eligible to play for the U19 team. His progress was, however, marred by an injury leading to a foot operation, which caused him to miss most of the 2007-2008 season. He would spend two further seasons at the club, unable to fully break in the first team for similar reasons.
In the summer of 2010 he moved to the nearby Druga HNL team NK Pomorac Kostrena, becoming a firm first team fixture and helping the team to secure a third place finish in the 2010/2011 season and a second place finish in the 2011/2012 season. In the following seasons he would become team captain as well, before moving to NK Solin in January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18250423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250423" title="The Day After (1909 film)">
The Day After (1909 film)

The Day After is a 1909 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
Plot.
Mrs and Mr. Hilton decided to give a big New Year's Eve party. They both agree to control they drinking, but as the guests arrive and the party continues both got drunk. The next day Mr. Hilton feeling guilty 
for being weak, fears to confront his wife, until he finds out that she was guilty as well. 

</doc>
<doc id="18250429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250429" title="Person L">
Person L

Person L is an American rock band fronted by Kenny Vasoli, of the pop punk band The Starting Line. Vasoli is the band's lead singer and guitarist and formed Person L in winter 2006 as an outlet to explore other musical styles. The group also consists of drummers Brian Medlin and Ryan Zimmaro (previously of the band The Prize Fight), bassist Charles Schneider (previously of the band The Suicide Pact) with keyboardist and guitarist Nate Vaeth.
History.
He initially wrote the song, "Storms", while on the road with The Starting Line. Person L's debut record "Initial" was released on August 5, 2008 on Vasoli's own label, Human Interest.
During the summer of 2008, Person L went on tour with Anthony Green and Good Old War in support of their debut record. The tour consists of bands all from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, whose lead singers are from other bands that have had success. Keith Goodwin of Good Old War was formerly of Days Away and Anthony Green of Circa Survive. Following the tour with Anthony Green, Person L toured shortly with Motion City Soundtrack, followed by a tour in support of Underoath. Following that, Person L went on tour with Steel Train and spent summer 2009 touring with Mae and then Ace Enders. In 2010 they opened for Copeland on their farewell tour, also with I Can Make A Mess Like Nobody's Business.
"The Positives".
Person L's second full-length album, ""The Positives"" was released on November 17, 2009 on Academy Fight Song/Human Interest. The band embarked on a tour with John Nolan and Brian Bonz on November 10, 2009. The record was released in the UK on Scylla Records, Continental Europe on Arctic Rodeo Records and in Australia on Taperjean Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18250432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250432" title="Zvjezdan Cvetković">
Zvjezdan Cvetković

Zvjezdan Cvetković (Serbian Cyrillic: Звјездан Цвeткoвић; born 18 April 1960 in Karlovac, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian Serb football manager and former player. He was capped nine times for Yugoslavia. He is the current manager of FK Borac Banja Luka. His older brother Borislav Cvetković was also Yugoslavian national team player.

</doc>
<doc id="18250438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250438" title="Sainte-Anne-du-Lac, Quebec (disambiguation)">
Sainte-Anne-du-Lac, Quebec (disambiguation)

There are two municipalities called Sainte-Anne-du-Lac in Quebec:

</doc>
<doc id="18250453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250453" title="I Really Want You">
I Really Want You

"I Really Want You" is the fourth single taken from singer-songwriter James Blunt's second studio album, "All the Lost Souls". The single was released on 4 August 2008. "I Really Want You" was released as a digital download single only, with a physical release being limited to promotional radio only. The single peaked at number 171 on the UK Singles Chart. It was also the last single to be taken from the standard version of the album.
Release.
The single was released via digital download and promotional single only, both containing just the one track.
Music video.
The video was directed by Jim Canty, and was shot at an ex-Ministry of Defence site, located in Longcross, Chertsey. The site was also used for the filming of BBC drama "HolbyBlue". The music video features people miming the song whilst sitting outside on the ground at night, as their clothes gradually change from light to dark shades, then back to light again. Blunt appears every so often as one of the people singing the song.

</doc>
<doc id="18250514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250514" title="Mount Juliet (British Columbia)">
Mount Juliet (British Columbia)

Mount Juliet is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located southwest of Sayward and east of Mount Romeo.

</doc>
<doc id="18250517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250517" title="Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague, Quebec">
Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague, Quebec

In Quebec, Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague may refer to one of three communities:

</doc>
<doc id="18250531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250531" title="Smith-Gardiner-Norman Farm Historic District">
Smith-Gardiner-Norman Farm Historic District

Smith-Gardiner-Norman Farm Historic District is a historic district on 583 Third Beach Road in Middletown, Rhode Island.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 16, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18250551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250551" title="Kind + Jugend Innovation Award">
Kind + Jugend Innovation Award

The Kind + Jugend Innovation Award is a German design award granted annually to the best overall baby product in the areas of design, safety, user-friendliness, degree of innovation, and quality of workmanship. Particular emphasis is placed on innovation and safety, with past winners displayng unique designs and new technology.
History.
Held annually in Cologne, Germany, the Kind + Jugend trade fair has made a name for itself as the leading international fair for infants' and children's products, including carriages, car seats, and fashion. The fair attracts more than seven hundred exhibitors and sixteen thousand visitors. In 2005, the first Innovation Award was presented.
Selections are made by a jury in the weeks leading up to the trade show. The jury is composed of leading experts in infant health and safety and representatives from applicable international trade magazines.
Categories.
The products are separated into five categories, and there is one winner in each.

</doc>
<doc id="18250554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250554" title="Richard Herbert">
Richard Herbert

Richard Herbert may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18250556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250556" title="North American Broadcasters Association">
North American Broadcasters Association

The North American Broadcasters Association (NABA) is a non-profit group of broadcasting organizations in the United States, Canada and Mexico. It is "committed to advancing the interests of broadcasters at home and internationally."
As a member of the World Broadcasting Unions (WBU), NABA "creates the opportunity for North American broadcasters to share information, identify common interests and reach consensus on international issues." NABA also provides representation for North American broadcasters in global forums on topics including protection of content, spectrum related concerns, the territorial integrity of broadcasters’ signals and digital transition issues.
NABA’s full members, who represent network broadcasters both public and private, work together with their colleagues including national broadcasting associations, speciality services, service providers and vendors to provide a common voice for the North American broadcast community.
NABA Annual General Meeting (AGM) and Conference.
Each year, NABA holds a Conference & Annual General Meeting (AGM). This event provides members with the opportunity to gather in one place to discuss important issues in official meetings and through conference panels. NABA members host each event at their facilities, with the most recent AGMs taking place at CNN (Atlanta), Fox (Los Angeles), CBC/Radio-Canada (Toronto), NBC-Universal (New York), Televisa/TV Azteca (Mexico City) and NPR (Washington, DC).

</doc>
<doc id="18250563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250563" title="Avinu Malkeinu">
Avinu Malkeinu

Avinu Malkeinu (; "Our Father, Our King") is a Jewish prayer recited during Jewish services on Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur, as well on the Ten Days of Repentance from Rosh Hashanah through Yom Kippur. In the Ashkenazic tradition, it is recited on all fast days; in the Sephardic tradition only because it is recited for the Ten Days of Repentance does it occur on the fast days of Yom Kippur and the Fast of Gedaliah. 
Joseph H. Hertz (died 1946), chief rabbi of the British Empire, described it as "the oldest and most moving of all the litanies of the Jewish Year." It makes use of two sobriquets for God that appear separately in the Bible; "Our Father" (Isaiah 63:16) and "Our King" (Isaiah 33:22). 
The Talmud (T.B. Ta'anith 25b) records Rabbi Akiba (died 135 CE) reciting two verses each beginning "Our Father, Our King" in a prayer to end a drought (apparently successfully). In a much later compilation of Talmudic notes, published circa 1515, this is expanded to five verses. It is very probable that, at first, there was no set number of verses, no sequence, nor perhaps any fixed text. Apparently an early version had the verses in alphabetic sequence, which would mean 22 verses. The prayer book of Amram Gaon (9th century) had 25 verses. Presently, the Sephardic (Spanish and Portuguese) tradition has 29 verses, among the Mizrahi Jews the Syrian tradition has 31 or 32 verses, but the Yemenite has only 27 verses, the Salonika as many as 53 verses, the Ashkenazic has 38 verses, the Polish tradition has 44 verses, all with different sequences. And within traditions, some verses change depending on the occasion, such as Rosh Hashana (when it is said "kotvenu" - "inscribe us"), or the Ne'ila Yom Kippur service ("chotmenu" - "seal us"), or a lesser fast day ("zokhrenu" - "remember us").
Each line of the prayer begins with the words "Avinu Malkeinu" ["Our Father, Our King"] and is then followed by varying phrases, mostly supplicatory. There is often a slow, chanting, repetitive aspect to the melody to represent the pious pleading within the prayer. There are 54 such verses. Verses 15-23 are recited responsively, first by the leader and then repeated by the congregation. The reader also reads the last verse aloud (and sometimes it is sung by the entire congregation) but, traditionally, in a whisper, as it is a supplication.
On most days when Avinu Malkeinu is recited, it is included during Shacharit and Mincha on that day. It is omitted on Shabbat (except Yom Kippur at Ne'ila) and at Mincha on Fridays. On Erev Yom Kippur it is not recited at Mincha but some congregations do recite it in the morning when it falls on Friday. On Yom Kippur, Avinu Malkeinu is also recited during Maariv and Ne'ila, except when Yom Kippur falls on Shabbat in the Ashkenazi tradition, in which case Avinu Malkeinu is recited during Ne'ila only. During the Avinu Malkenu, the Ark is opened, and at the end of the prayer, the Ark is closed. In the Sephardic tradition, it is recited on Shabbat, and the Ark is not opened.
Throughout the Ten Days of Repentance, five lines of Avinu Malkeinu that refer to various heavenly books include the word "Kotveinu" ("Inscribe us"). During Ne'ila, this is replaced with "Chotmeinu" ("Seal us"). This reflects the belief that on Rosh Hashanah all is written and revealed and on Yom Kippur all decrees for the coming year are sealed. When recited on Fast Days (other than the Fast of Gedaliah which falls in the days of Penitence) the phrase Barech Aleinu ("bless us") in the 4th verse is recited instead of the usual Chadesh Aleinu ("renew us"), and "Zochreinu" (remember us) is recited in verses 19-23 in place of "Kotveinu B'Sefer" (inscribe us in the book). Fast Days on which it is not recited (by any custom) are Tisha B'Av, the afternoon of the Fast of Esther except when it is brought forward (thus not falling immediately before Purim) and when the 10th of Tevet falls on a Friday it is omitted at Mincha (as is usual on a Friday).
Sephardic Jews do not recite Avinu Malkeinu on fast days (except those that fall in the days of Penitence). Instead, a series of Selichot prayers specific to the day are recited.
In the interests of gender neutrality, the UK Liberal Jewish prayer-book for Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur ("Machzor Ruach Chadashah") translates the epithet as "Our Creator, Our Sovereign". It also contains a contemporary prayer based on Avinu Malkeinu in which the feminine noun "Shekhinah" is featured.
In popular culture.
The band Mogwai's instrumental epic "My Father My King" is a setting of the main melody to Avinu Malkeinu.
The band Phish plays the song in a 5/4 time signature (titled "Avenu Malkenu").
Barbra Streisand sings the song with much feeling. (There is a remix by Offer Nissim)
The singer/songwriter, Lior, also performs a powerful and emotive version of the song at many of his live gigs. It is recorded on his live album, "Doorways of My Mind" (2006).
In the 1992 film, School Ties, the headmaster of the WASP elitist prep school walks in on David Greene reciting Avinu Malkeinu on Rosh Hashanah. (David is a Jewish student on an athletic scholarship to the school who deals with antisemitism by practicing Judaism clandestinely).
In 2013, Stephen DeCesare, (a Roman Catholic composer), wrote a version dedicated to Cantor Fred Scheff of Temple Shalom, Middletown RI. (Music available on sheetmusicplus.com).
The Israeli heavy metal band Orphaned Land incorporates the Avinu Malkeinu into their song "Our Own Messiah" from their 2013 album "All Is One".
Singer Lena Måndotter har recorded "Avinu Malkeinu" on her album "Songs from the River" (Rootsy/Warner Music 2009)

</doc>
<doc id="18250570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250570" title="Nils Bielke (1792–1845)">
Nils Bielke (1792–1845)

Count Nils Bielke (1792–1845) was a Gentleman of the Bedchamber of the King of Sweden and the head of the comital house of Bielke, counts of Salsta and Holy Roman Counts of Torgelow.
Born on 13 Sep 1792 at the family castle of Sturefors, eldest son of count Gustav Ture Bielke and his wife Charlotta Katarina née Hård. Died on 22 Jan 1845 at Stockholm.
Family and children.
He married (on 5 Aug 1827 at the Strömsta manor, the family seat of the baronial Sture, in Uplandia) baroness Ebba Florentine Sture, and had at least one daughter, countess Ebba Charlotta Bielke (1828–1911), who married in 1851 her cousin Conrad Victor Ankarcrona (1823–1912), Grand Master of the Court of the King of Sweden, etc., and had issue.

</doc>
<doc id="18250583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250583" title="Privileged">
Privileged

Privileged may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18250587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250587" title="Peziza violacea">
Peziza violacea

Peziza violacea, commonly known as the violet fairy cup or the violet cup fungus, is a species of fungus in the genus "Peziza", Pezizaceae family. As both it common names and specific epithet suggest, the cup-shaped fruiting bodies are violet colored on the interior surface. "P. violacea" is typically found growing on burnt soil.
Description.
Fruiting bodies are initially almost spherical, then cup-shaped, then expanding to being somewhat flattened in age. They do not have a stem (or at most a short, narrowed version), and may be up to wide by 1–1.5 cm tall, although they are often much smaller. The inner spore-bearing surface of the cup, the hymenium, is pale violet to reddish violet in color, often centrally depressed and slightly wrinked. The flesh is thin (0.5–2.0 mm thick) and pale purple. The exterior surface is paler than the interior, somewhat grayish, and may be "pruinose" near the margins—having a very fine whitish powder on the surface. The odor and taste are not distinctive.
Microscopic characteristics.
The spores are elliptical, smooth, hyaline, without any oil droplets ("eguttulate"), with dimensions of 16–17 × 8–10 µm. The asci are roughly cylindrical, 8-spored 200–250 × 12–15 µm. The paraphyses are club-shaped, filled with violet granules, and have curved tips; they are up to 8 µm wide.
Edibility.
Like many others in the "Pezizales" genus, the edibility is unknown for this small and insubstantial species.
Habitat and distribution.
"Peziza violacea" is widespread on burned soil and charred wood. It typically grows scattered or in groups. It is found in North America and Europe, and Iceland.
Similar species.
The closely related "Peziza praetervisa" is also violet-colored and prefers growing on burned ground. In general, "Peziza praetervisa" is more purple- rather than violet-colored like "P. violacea". However, fruiting body color can vary depending on humidity and other factors, so they are more reliably distinguished microscopically—"P. praetervisa" has rough, not smooth spores with two polar oil drops. "P. proteana" also prefers burned ground, but is paler in color, being white or pinkish.

</doc>
<doc id="18250600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250600" title="Choosing a Husband">
Choosing a Husband

Choosing a Husband is a 1909 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Florence Barker. Its survival status is unknown, which implies that it is a lost film.
Plot.
Gladys has four bachelors pursuing her. To prove their loyalty she plans fake duties to make them believe she is away every time the men visit her. During the visits each bachelor met her pretty young sister. Each one flirts with the young sister and fails the test.

</doc>
<doc id="18250601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250601" title="The !!!! Beat">
The !!!! Beat

The !!!! Beat is an American television program which aired in syndication for 26 episodes in 1966. It was hosted by the Nashville, Tennessee based disc jockey Bill "Hoss" Allen, and featured a house band led by Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown. The show was recorded in color at WFAA, the ABC affiliate in Dallas, which had color facilities, and recorded and syndicated episodes of the program. At that time, none of the Nashville stations had color capability.
Guests included: Otis Redding, Little Milton, Esther Phillips, Joe Tex, Etta James, Lattimore Brown, Roscoe Shelton, Carla Thomas, Freddie King, Barbara Lynn, Johnny Taylor, The Radiants, Louis Jordan, The Mighty Hannibal, Clarence 'Frogman' Henry, Robert Parker, Joe Simon, Mitty Collier, Jamo Thomas, Z. Z. Hill, Lou Rawls, Bobby Hebb, Willie Mitchell, Don Bryant, The Ovations, The Bar-Kays, Percy Sledge, Garnet Mimms, and Sam & Dave all appeared. Some of the artists would also chart well into the 1970s.
DVD release.
In 2005, Bear Family Records released all 26 episodes of the show on Region 1 DVD in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18250604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250604" title="Nedaplatin">
Nedaplatin

Nedaplatin (INN, marketed under the tradename Aqupla) is a platinum-based antineoplastic drug which is used for cancer chemotherapy. It produces less nausea, vomiting and nephrotoxicity than other platinum-containing drugs.

</doc>
<doc id="18250610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250610" title="Rehaniya">
Rehaniya

Rehaniya (; ) is a predominantly Circassian village about 8 km north of Safed in northern Israel. It belongs to the Merom HaGalil Regional Council.
Background and history.
The Circassians arrived in the Middle East after they were pushed out of their homeland in the North Caucasus. The Circassians, who fought during the long period wherein the Russians captured the northern Caucasus, were massacred and expelled by Tsarist Russia from the Caucasus in an incident that became known as the Circassian Holocaust. The Ottoman Empire absorbed them in their territory and settled them in sparsely populated areas, including the Galilee in Palestine.
The village Rehaniya was established in 1873, but only in 1878 did Circassian families arrive from the Abazah tribe in the northern Caucasus, a region where today is located the Adygea and Karachay–Cherkessia in the Russian Federation.
The village was built in the traditional Circassian style, which has its roots in the Caucasus, and is called "walled village": the houses are built next to one another and form a protective wall around the city, whose remnants remain until 2008. In the village there is a mosque in the style of Circassian mosques in the Caucasus, and substantially different from Arab mosques. Also, the village contains a museum and a center for Circassian heritage.
In 1948, during Operation Hiram (October 29–31), the villagers surrendered to the advancing Israeli army and were allowed to remain in the village. In November 1949 a plan to evict the villagers, as well as those from five other villages along the border with Lebanon, was presented to the Israeli cabinet. The proposals were strongly supported by the IDF but the plan was vetoed by the Foreign Ministry who were worried about the possible international response.
The village remained under Martial Law until 1966.
Rehaniya is one of two predominantly-Circassian villages in Israel. The other one is Kfar Kama, which was recognized as a local council in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="18250611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250611" title="Liam Killeen">
Liam Killeen

Liam Killeen (born 12 April 1982), is a professional mountain biker. He represented England in cross country racing at the Commonwealth Games in 2002 where he came 3rd, and became Commonwealth Champion in 2006. He has won the British Mountain Biking National Champion over five consecutive years; 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012. He competed for Great Britain at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics and was chosen as the sole male cross-country rider for the British team for the London Games in 2012.
Early life.
Killeen had been interested in cycling from a young age, but a trip to the Malvern Classic introduced him to cross-country cycling when he was about thirteen. He had previously been interested in motocross.
Career.
Having won multiple titles both at the junior and Under-23 levels, he competed at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, where he took the bronze medal. Despite having won his first major medal at the international level, he continued to compete in Under-23 events, winning the silver medal at the Under-23 World Championship in 2004.
Prior to the 2004 Summer Olympics, he won the test event on the Olympic track in Greece. Competing in the Games themselves for the British team, he was held up by a crash early on in the race and ended up finishing in fifth place, outside of the medal spots.
He returned to the English team at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, Australia. Having placed third at the previous Games, he went two places better, taking the gold medal for his country. In 2007, he suffered from chronic fatigue syndrome and could not compete for an entire season.
He competed once more for the British team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, and was considered one of the favourites for the gold medal. Only into the race, his handlebars clipped a race marker, flipping him over the bars and off the bike. This left him in last place chasing the rest of the pack, but he managed to move up to seventh place by the finish. He did not get the chance to defend his gold medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games as mountain biking had been dropped from the games, replaced by archery in the schedule. He considered a switch to road racing to take part at the Games.
He was selected as part of the British team to compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where he hoped to achieve a podium finish, but crashed out on the second lap of the race. He was the only athlete competing for Britain in the men's cross country. As part of his training, he conducted practice runs at the Olympic track near Southend.

</doc>
<doc id="18250619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250619" title="Duje Baković">
Duje Baković

Duje Baković (born 7 June 1986) is a Croatian football defender who most recently played for FK Baku.
Club career.
Baković previously played in the Croatian First League with NK Rijeka, who sent him on loan to NK Orijent for the 2005-06 season and Greek Beta Ethniki clubs Kavala FC and Egaleo FC.

</doc>
<doc id="18250624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250624" title="Summer 2008 California wildfires">
Summer 2008 California wildfires

The summer 2008 California wildfires, collectively dubbed the Northern California Lightning Series by CAL FIRE, were a concentrated outbreak of wildfires during the summer of 2008. Over 2,780 individual fires were burning at the height of the period, burning large portions of forests and chaparral in California, and killing 23 individuals. The majority of the fires were started by lightning from dry thunderstorms on June 20, although some earlier fires were started on May 22. International aid from Greece, Cyprus, Chile, Argentina, Brazil, Australia, Canada, Mexico and New Zealand helped fight the fires.
The Basin/Indians fire in the Ventana Wilderness became the third largest in California history based on size and the second costliest to put out in U.S. history.
Weather.
The fires broke out after three years of below-normal rainfall dehydrated much of California's forests and woodlands, making them prone to wildfires. Spring 2008 for California was the driest on record for many locations; for example, San Francisco registered only of rain out of a normal of from March to May. As vegetation turned into bone-dry tinder in early June, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a statewide drought for the first time in 17 years. Dry thunderstorms and lightning, rarely seen on the California coastline in June, rolled onshore on the weekend of June 20 – 21. The storm unleashed 25,000 to 26,000 dry lightning strikes across Northern and Central California, igniting more than 2,000 fires. The number of wildfires skyrocketed in the days after the thunderstorms and high daily daytime temperatures of over dramatically increased the various fires' growth. The same thunderstorms also caused fires in Oregon.
A heat wave commenced on July 7, with temperatures in inland locations, such as the Central Valley soaring above . Lake Berryessa recorded a high temperature of , prompting weather agencies like the National Weather Service to issue high fire danger warnings. These near to record-breaking temperatures concerned many firefighters, who feared that the high heat, low humidity, and high-elevation winds could make firefighting more strenuous.
Contributing factors.
John Juskie, a National Weather Service science officer, was quoted in June 2008 in the Los Angeles Times stating "in historic terms, we're at record dry levels." The spring of 2008 not only broke the record for least inches of rainfall, at 0.17 of an inch, it represented "less than one-third" of the previous record low of 0.55 of an inch of rainfall in 1934.
A record lack of rainfall, severely dry vegetation and uncharacteristically windy weather combined to create tinderbox conditions across Northern California. In most areas of Northern California, the grasses and brush were as dry in June as they normally would be in October. Moisture content was less than 2%, compared with about 40% normally for this time of year, fire officials stated. In addition, "no one has seen a springtime like this with the winds," Juskie said.
Fire history.
The first major fire was the human-caused Summit Fire in the Santa Cruz Mountains, which started on May 22, 2008. On June 8, 2008, the next major fire to break out was the Indians Fire in the Ventana Wilderness of the Los Padres National Forest. During the weekend of June 21–22, a dry low-pressure system crossed over California producing dry lightning and ignited nearly 2000 fires across 17 counties.
As of July 5, 2008, 328 fires continued to burn and 81% of the original fires had been contained. For the first time since 1977, the military helped with ground-based firefighting, when Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger dispatched 400 California National Guard troops to man fire lines. He said the number of fires had stretched the state's fire-fighting resources thin. "One never has resources for 1,700 fires. Who has the resources for that?" Schwarzenegger said, adding "Something is happening, clearly. There's more need for resources than ever before... it's fire season all year round".
The lightning-caused Basin Complex Fire near Big Sur started on June 21 and burned , eventually torched the Ventana Wilderness until it merged lines with the Indians Fire. The Basin and Indians Fires consumed a combined and was the third largest fire in California history. More than $120 million was spent to fight the fire, making it is the most expensive fire in California history and the second most expensive in U.S. history, exceeded only by the Biscuit Fire in 2002.
On July 5, 2008, California Governor Schwarzenegger commented that "I've been driving up and down the state of California going to all the various fires, and you can imagine, this state is very prepared for fire, but when you wake up one morning and have 500 fires across the state, it was a real shock to me... only to find the next morning there were 1,000 fires, and the next morning 1,400 fires, and then 1,700 fires igniting over 14 days."
The fires forced the evacuation of Big Sur prior to the July 4 holiday weekend. Camp Pico Blanco was forced to evacuate the camp and diverted its Scouts to Boulder Creek Scout Reservation in Santa Cruz. The camp lost only one building, an outlying ranger's cabin. Big Sur residents were permitted to return on July 9. while further north, the town of Paradise in Butte County was evacuated when flames burned close.
The Gap Fire near Goleta in Santa Barbara County burned . The fire was contained on July 29, after several weeks of activity.
As of July 11, 2008, it was reported that a total of had burned, a total exceeding the estimated burned in the California Wildfires of 2007. On July 12, 2008, the area burned reached , exceeding the estimated burned during the series of 2003 California wildfires making those wildfires in 2008 the greatest wildfire in California history by burned area. On that date 20,274 personnel had been committed to fight the fires. Total resources included 467 hand crews, 1,503 engines, 423 water tenders, 291 bulldozers, 142 helicopters, 400 soldiers and numerous air tankers. The fire was responsible for the deaths of 23 individuals.
On July 25, a blaze sparked by target shooting broke out in Mariposa County, in the Sierra Nevada foothills of central California. By the following day, the Telegraph Fire had gone from to , and within days had destroyed 21 homes in the community of Midpines. Residents were evacuated from approximately 300 homes that were immediately threatened, with an additional 4,000 homes placed on standby for evacuation in Midpines, Greeley Hill, and Coulterville.
Air quality.
Air quality in northern and central California, especially in the Central Valley from Bakersfield to Redding, deteriorated as a result of smoke from the wildfires. From June 21 to 27, much of Northern California was covered in a thick blanket of smoke, which reduced visibility and turned the sky yellow and the moon red. Some areas endured record levels of air pollution, along with hazardous concentrations of particulate matter. These smoky and hazy conditions prompted health officials to issue air quality advisories and warnings, as particulate matter reached unhealthy levels in the North Bay on June 25. In the San Francisco Bay Area, the Bay Area Air Quality Management District urged the elderly and people with respiratory problems to stay indoors. In spite of the warnings, health officials noted a jump in the number of people with eye and throat irritation. The bad air quality also forced the cancellation of the -Western States Endurance Run, the first in the race's 31-year history. Air quality began to improve on June 28, followed by decreased smoke and improved visibility a day later. By June 30, residents in the Sacramento Valley saw blue skies and good air quality, as a result of onshore winds and the Delta breezes. However, air quality in Oregon degraded as plumes of smoke drifted northward instead of concentrating in the Central Valley.
Hazy conditions returned on July 7, along with high temperatures over in the Central Valley. The heat and smoke combined forced public health officials and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger to issue Spare the Air advisories and an emergency plan for heat waves, respectively. Air quality districts issued another Spare the Air day for July 8, July 9, and July 10, as calm wind conditions in Northern California failed to blow away the smoke from the wildfires.

</doc>
<doc id="18250642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250642" title="Mount Nora">
Mount Nora

Mount Nora is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located south of Sayward and northeast of Sutton Peak.

</doc>
<doc id="18250653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250653" title="Ozagrel">
Ozagrel

Ozagrel (INN) is an antiplatelet agent working as a thromboxane A2 synthesis inhibitor.

</doc>
<doc id="18250655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250655" title="Annie Butler">
Annie Butler

Annie Butler (4 June 1897 – 28 September 2009) was an English supercentenarian, who, at the age of 112, was the second-oldest person in the United Kingdom until her death in 2009. 
Born as Annie Elizabeth Allen in Barford, Warwickshire, she married Edward Butler in 1922. After the death of her husband in 1995, after 73 years of marriage, Butler moved to Leamington Spa, where she lived on her own. Her son credited her longevity to her clean living, remarking that "She has never smoked or done anything to excess and only drinks a little drop of sherry". 
At the time of her death Annie Butler was one of the 30 verified oldest living people and the fifth-oldest European. She was still living in her own home at the time of her death.

</doc>
<doc id="18250657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250657" title="John Heywood (disambiguation)">
John Heywood (disambiguation)

John Heywood was an English writer.
John Heywood may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18250666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250666" title="Fruit Salad (confectionery)">
Fruit Salad (confectionery)

Fruit Salad is a type of "Raspberry & Pineapple flavour chew" according to its packaging. It is a chewy gelatin based confectionery. Fruit Salad is manufactured by Barratt in Spain.
While still manufactured under Tangerine Confectionery, Fruit Salad chews have been rebranded from Barratt to 'Candy Land' and the packaging, most notably the outer box, has been redesigned. (2013)
Nutrition facts.
Nutritional Information
Per 100g - Energy 1680 kJ (395 Kcal), Protein 0.8g, Carbohydrate 84.1g, Fat 6.1g.
Per Chew - Energy 50 kJ (10 Kcal), Protein 0g, Carbohydrate 2.4g, Fat 0.2g.
Ingredients
Glucose syrup, sugar, hydrogenated vegetable fat, citric acid, gelatine, emulsifier (soya lecithin), flavourings, colours (E104, E124, E122).
Each chew weighs 2.6g, and each pack contains 15 chews.

</doc>
<doc id="18250669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250669" title="Potseluev Bridge">
Potseluev Bridge

The Potseluev Bridge (, literally "Bridge of Kisses") is a bridge across the Moyka River in Saint Petersburg, Russia. The name of the bridge spurred numerous urban legends. The panoramic view of Saint Isaac's Cathedral that opens from the bridge makes it a popular subject of artists paintings.
Name and history.
During the first half of the 18th century, townspeople had set up a crossing across the Moyka river from improvised materials at the location of the modern bridge. In 1738 while the granite embankment of Moyka was being established, the wooden pedestrian bridge was built. It had a raising part to allow passage of mast ships. The wooden bridge was painted in different colours, and therefore was named "Coloured Bridge". In 1768 the bridge was reconstructed to accommodate horse traffic. At this time the structure was changed to three-span bridge standing on stone supports. The bridge was named after merchant Potseluev who kept a tavern near the bridge.
At the beginning of the 19th century a bridge no longer met the increased traffic loads, and therefore in 1816 it was rebuilt. The new bridge was built to the design of architect William Heste as a single span arched bridge. Like other Heste's bridges, it was made from iron cast with granite facing.
Entrance to the bridge features four granite obelisk with lanterns.
Fence pattern repeats the one from the Moika River embankments. It was made at the Petersburg iron factory.
The first major renovation was made after heavy floods in 1824 and which nearly destroyed the bridge completely.

</doc>
<doc id="18250671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250671" title="Durex (disambiguation)">
Durex (disambiguation)

Durex is a brand of condoms made by a UK-based company. 
It could also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18250678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250678" title="Ne'ila">
Ne'ila

Ne'ila, (lit. "locking") the "concluding service", is a special Jewish prayer service that is held only on Yom Kippur. It is the time when final prayers of repentance are recited at the closing of Yom Kippur. Ne'ila consists of Ashrei, Uva L'Tzion (both of which are postponed from Mincha when they are normally recited), Amidah with Selichot and an abbreviated Vidui, and Avinu Malkeinu. Neilah marks the fifth Amidah of the Day of Atonement, the only such occasion in the Hebrew calendar in which there are so many services. The shofar is blown at the end of Ne'ila. During the leader's repetition of the Ne'ila Amidah, the ark "(Aron Kodesh" or "Hechal)" remains open, and it is traditional to stand throughout the service.
The service can also conclude with a Havdalah ceremony, similar to that concluding Sabbath. Yom Kippur is ended in the same style as Sabbath: separating the holy from the everyday.

</doc>
<doc id="18250688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250688" title="Americo Santos">
Americo Santos

Americo Santos, Jr. (born June 1, 1983) is a Mexican-American professional boxer.
He was born in Dallas, Texas. Santos was first introduced to the world of boxing through his father Americo Sr. At the age of nine, Americo Jr and his brother, Argenis joined the Dallas Pal Boxing Program. Santos now trains at the Garland Police Boxing Gym located in Garland, Texas alongside with his father who is also his head coach.
Between 2002 and 2007 he had 30 professional bouts, of which he won 26.

</doc>
<doc id="18250710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250710" title="Benexate">
Benexate

Benexate (INN) is a drug used in the treatment of acid-related disorders.

</doc>
<doc id="18250724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250724" title="Chesapeake Baptist College">
Chesapeake Baptist College

Chesapeake Baptist College & Seminary is an Independent Fundamental Baptist, liberal arts college, graduate school, and seminary located in Severn, Maryland, United States. The school is devoted primarily to training pastors, missionaries, evangelists, and Christian school teachers. 
History.
Chesapeake Baptist College was founded in 1994 by Dr. Barney Lyon, pastor of Chesapeake Baptist Church, Severn, Maryland. The college states that "The school is a distinctively Christian institution that is characterized by its goal of academic excellence and its desire to build Biblical character, moral virtue, and a lifelong pursuit of knowledge in its students."
The school is associated with the Christian fundamentalist movement, though it does not include itself as a member of any group or organization. It takes a historical Baptist position on most issues and bases it doctrine and practice on the Scriptures, which they believe are accurately preserved for the English-speaking world in the Authorized King James Version.
Academics.
Though small in size, Chesapeake Baptist College has placed very high stress on its level of instruction. The president, Dr. Lyon, has an earned doctorate from Westminster Theological Seminary, Philadelphia, and all of the instructors in the school are required to have their Master's degree before teaching. The school offers a Bachelors of Art in Bible, a Bachelors of Science in Christian Education, a Masters of Ministry, a Masters of Science in Christian Education, and a Masters of Divinity degrees.
Accreditation.
Chesapeake Baptist College is not accredited by the State of Maryland or any other accrediting organization. They are, however, recognized by the Maryland Higher Education Commission, and are permitted to grant religious degrees. 

</doc>
<doc id="18250732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250732" title="The Rocky Road">
The Rocky Road

The Rocky Road is a 1910 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Frank Powell. Prints of the film survive in the film archives of the Library of Congress and the Museum of Modern Art.

</doc>
<doc id="18250733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250733" title="Embassy of Japan, London">
Embassy of Japan, London

The Embassy of Japan in London is the diplomatic mission of Japan in the United Kingdom. It occupies a large Georgian building on Piccadilly opposite Green Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18250754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250754" title="Maja Simanić">
Maja Simanić

Maja Simanić (born February 8, 1980) is a female volleyball player from Serbia, playing as a setter. She was a member of the Women's National Team that won the silver medal at the 2007 European Championship in Belgium and Luxembourg. At the 2006 FIVB Women's World Championship she claimed the bronze medal with Serbia.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18250789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250789" title="England men's national volleyball team">
England men's national volleyball team

Since 2006, the England men's national volleyball team plays as part of the Great Britain men's national volleyball team.

</doc>
<doc id="18250794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250794" title="Gods of Luxury">
Gods of Luxury

Gods of Luxury or G.O.L. was a 1995 music project consisting of Mark Tibenham, Antonia Reiner, and Justin Jones. They released one album, "Sensations of Tone", that included the tracks "Soma Holiday", "Angelica In Delirium", and cover-versions of the Art of Noise-song "Moments in Love" and the And Also The Trees-song "There Were No Bounds", among others. One year later "Soma Holiday" was released as CD-single. Some of the album tracks appeared on several sampler-albums.
The spoken words for "Angelica In Delirium" were taken from the Old Testament's "Song of Songs" (also known as "The Song of Solomon".
The lyrics for "Soma Holiday" were taken from the 1932 Aldous Huxley novel, "Brave New World".

</doc>
<doc id="18250797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250797" title="B84">
B84

B84 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18250801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250801" title="Elizabeth Woodville School">
Elizabeth Woodville School

"To be distinguished from Elizabeth Woodville Primary School, Groby, Leicestershire."
The Elizabeth Woodville School, Northamptonshire, was formed by the merger of Roade Sports College and Kingsbrook Specialist Business and Enterprise College (or Kingsbrook College) in 2011. The school is a secondary school with academy status (part of the Learning Schools Trust), with locations in the villages of Deanshanger, and Stratford Road, Roade, both in South Northamptonshire. The merged school was renamed Elizabeth Woodville School. Woodville was born in Grafton Regis, which is halfway between the two sites, and was Queen consort of King Edward IV.
Kingsbrook site.
The catchment area includes Alderton, Cosgrove, Deanshanger, Furtho, Grafton Regis, Old Stratford, Passenham, Paulerspury, Potterspury, Pury End, Puxley, Wicken and Yardley Gobion.
The former Kingsbrook school was given specialist status in 2006, following a grant from the Specialist Schools and Academies Trust (SSAT). In June 2009 an Ofsted inspection judged the school to be "satisfactory".
In 2007 the school were runners-up in SSATs Student Voice competition, and in March 2008, Kingsbrook held its first Student Voice Conference, and the first of the type held in the county. Schools from the local area such as Campion, Guilsborough and Roade College, as well as those outside the area (i.e. Henley), attended the event and listened into the ways in which the idea of Student Voice can be and has been developed within the school.
Kingsbrook College was a member of the Luffield Group, which is a group of state and independent schools in North Bucks and South Northamptonshire.
The site covers approximately , and was the site of a Roman villa from the 1st century AD to the middle of the 4th century.
Sports facilities.
The site has a TigerTurf 'All Weather Pitch', which received a FIFA Recommended 1 Star rating.
Roade site.
Like Kingsbrook College, Roade School was also Sports Colleges in Northamptonshire, it had around 1,150 pupils.
The catchment area extended to Grange Park, Collingtree, Hackleton, Hardingstone, Blisworth, Stoke Bruerne and several other villages in the area. The school opened in 1956 as Roade Secondary Modern School changing to a Comprehensive School in 1975.
Merger with Roade.
On 14 March 2011 the school announced a proposed merger with Roade Sports College, citing falling roll, poor results and inadequate budget management.

</doc>
<doc id="18250817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250817" title="Lacaune (sheep)">
Lacaune (sheep)

The Lacaune is a breed of domestic sheep originating near Lacaune in southern France. The Lacaune is the most widely used dairying sheep breed in France, with a population of about 800,000 ewes. Notably, it is the predominant breed used in the production of Roquefort cheese in France.
The Lacaune has been used as a milking sheep in France for a very long time, but milking wasn't the dominant feature of the breed until recently. In the late 1960s, the average milk yield per ewe was only about 70 liters during the human milking period (and excluding the lamb suckling period) per annum. Remarkably, by the late 1990s the milk yield had quadrupled to 280 liters per annum. The Lacaune is now one of the world's high-yielding milk breeds. This was the result of a large-scale, rigorous selection program organized by a French government agency, which included artificial insemination of several million ewes over the years, and a vast array of government support for recording the performance of the progeny on many farms with respect to the milk yield and other outcomes; and improved knowledge about animal management and nutrition for sheep milk production; and the willingness of many farmers to participate in the program and take advantage of what was being learned. The combination of these and other factors brought about an improvement of 6.3% per year in milk yield per ewe in the breed over the 30-year period. The 6.3% gain is decomposable to "a phenotypic gain of 3.9% (better management and nutrition) and a genetic gain of 2.4%. Since 1995 the phenotypic gain has been negligible."
The success of the large-scale breeding program has not resulted in the extinction of the pre-existing, lower-milk-yielding, Lacaunes.

</doc>
<doc id="18250820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250820" title="Thumpamon">
Thumpamon

Thumpamon is a village near Pandalam in Kerala, India. One of the greatest attractions of this village is the Achenkovil River, which is renowned for its natural sceneries along the riverbank. The income in this locality mainly depends on Non-Resident Indians (NRIs) and crops like rubber, coconut, paddy and pepper. Because of Non-Resident Indians this is one of the wealthiest villages in Kerala. Thumpamon is divided into two regions. Thumpamon North and Thumpamon south by Achenkovil River.
Thumpamon is the home to the Thumpamon Vadakkumnatha Temple (http://www.thumpamonvadakkumnathan.org). This temple consists of two Sreekovils (Sanctum Sanctorum). The deity in the first Sreekovil is called Vadakkumnatha. Worshipers believe that this deity is Shiva, Muruga, or even Vishnu. However, the deity resembles Sree Buddha.The worshipers believe that the deity in the second Sreekovil (known as Thekkumnathan) is Balamuruga. It is believed that this deity was worshiped by SakthiBhadra the author of Acharya Chudamani (a drama for Koodiyatta).There are mural paintings around this Sreekovil.
The St.Mary's Orthodox Syrian Cathedral commonly known as Thumpamon Valiya Pally (http://www.stmarysocym.com) is an ancient church located here. It is the headquarters of the Thumpamon Diocese of the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church. The church first was built in AD 717 and it is among the one of oldest churches in Kerala.
Another historical monument in Thumpamon is Pulickal Kalari, an example of the traditional gymnasium of Kerala.
Salem Mar Thoma Church, Muttom is one of the most spiritual and anciently reformed church in Thumpamon.
Kadisha Orthodox Church, Thumpamon Bethel Marthoma Church, Thettikkakavu Devi Temple are also located here.
Pandalam K.P Raman Pillai the well known freedom fighter, educationist and poet belongs to Thumpamon. He wrote the school anthem "Akilanda mandalam aniyich0rukki" which is followed by all schools in kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="18250828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250828" title="Raymond Kursar">
Raymond Kursar

Raymond Kursar (born 1944) is an American artist, illustrator and graphic designer; known for his Broadway play posters, fine giclee limited edition prints and the movie classic “Gone with the Wind” collector’s plate collection.
Early art training.
Kursar art career training began in 1966. He attended the School of Advertising Arts in Portland, Oregon. This exposure afforded him an artistic position in the advertising department of Lipman & Wolf Company. After honing his illustration skills at Lipman & Wolf Company by 1969 he saved enough money to relocate to New York City. There Kursar was hired by a Madison Avenue Advertising Agency from 1969 to 1972 where he created product and label packaging designs. In 1973 to 1979 Kursar began illustrating for several publishing houses and greeting card manufactures. He created greeting cards for the American Artist's Group as many contemporary artists like Chen Chi, Eyvind Earle, Norman Rockwell, Ralph Avery, Hans Moller, who also created seasonal greeting card designs year after year for the American Artist’s Group. [http://www.americanartistsgroup.com/aag_information.htm]
Illustrations.
During the period from 1979 to 1985 Kursar started illustrating for a number of today’s popular American Magazines, and his illustrations appeared in magazines such as Ladies Home Journal, Good Housekeeping Magazine, Readers Digest and National Lampoon Magazine. He has also illustrated hundreds of romance novel covers for book publishers such as Bantam Books, Ace Books, Random House and Pocket books & Zebra Books, Avon, Fawcett, Ballantine, Doubleday, Charles Scribner & Sons, etc. In 1979 Kursar was commissioned by the Knowles China Plate Company to illustrate on fine china the movie classic “Gone with the Wind”. this Collectable’s plate collection was featured as the cover story in the June 1983 issue of Plate World Magazine.
Posters.
Raymond Kursar illustrated posters for “Shakespeare in the Park” and the Artist created numerous Events Poster Art for Broadway Plays including “Grease”, “Hello Dolly”, “City Of Angles”, “The Good Doctor”, “That Championship Season”, and “Legend”. Kursar was also commissioned to do artwork for album covers for the works of classical Guitarist Andrés Segovia and Jazz musician Louis Armstrong. Raymond Kursar has also created art pieces & posters for producer Joseph Papp, writer Neil Simon and for Magician Harry Blackstone. Kursar also illustrated poster art for “Big Apple Circus” and the “Ringling Brothers Barnum & Bailey Circus”.

</doc>
<doc id="18250832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250832" title="RTÉ Philharmonic Choir">
RTÉ Philharmonic Choir

The RTÉ Philharmonic Choir is an Irish choir, part of Irish broadcaster RTÉ. The current chorus master is Mark Duley. It is part of RTÉ Performing Groups.
RTÉ Philharmonic Choir.
The Choir has been at the centre of choral music in Ireland since its foundation by Colin Mawby in 1985 following the introduction of new choral policy. This 140 strong choir is the country's premier symphonic choral ensemble and has performed more than 52 of the major choral works since its foundation, mostly in conjunction with the RTÉ orchestras. 
The choir broadcasts frequently on RTÉ lyric fm.
The choir members, all of whom commit their services entirely voluntarily, meet each Wednesday from 7.30pm-10.00pm for rehearsals in the RTÉ Radio Centre and once a year gather for a residential training weekend which offers convivial social opportunities alongside intensive workshops on technique, ensemble and repertoire.

</doc>
<doc id="18250854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250854" title="Coal House (Williamson, West Virginia)">
Coal House (Williamson, West Virginia)

The Coal House in Williamson, West Virginia is a unique building built of coal masonry. The bituminous coal was quarried as blocks and dressed as stone using 65 tons of coal from the nearby Winifrede Seam. At the time of its construction it was the only coal building in West Virginia. The house was designed by architect Hassell T. Hicks of Welch, West Virginia and supervised by D.M. Goode. The coal masonry was varnished for weather-resistance. Located adjacent to the Mingo County Courthouse, it houses the Tug Valley Chamber of Commerce.
The building's construction in 1933 was organized as a publicity stunt by O.W. Evans of the Norfolk and Western Railway, who wished to create a symbol of the "Billion Dollar Coalfield" centered on Williamson. While it is known as the "Coal House", it has never been a residence. 
West Virginia's second coal house was built in 1959 in Lewisburg, West Virginia.
On October 11, 2010 the Coal House caught fire. There was extensive damage to the inside of the building and minimal damage to the outside structure. Following $200,000 of restoration work the Coal House was reopened in September 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="18250858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250858" title="JIRA Studio">
JIRA Studio

JIRA Studio is an integrated, hosted software development suite developed by Atlassian Software Systems. JIRA Studio includes Subversion for revision control, JIRA for issue tracking and bug tracking, Confluence for content management, JIRA Agile (previously known as GreenHopper) for agile planning and management, Bamboo for continuous integration, Crucible for code review and FishEye for source code repository browsing.
Integration.
JIRA Studio supports Atlassian's IDE connectors for Eclipse, Visual Studio and IntelliJ IDEA.
Information in JIRA Studio can be displayed in external systems using OpenSocial gadgets, and project information can be externally accessed using Activity Streams.
For programmatic access, JIRA Studio provides APIs based on REST and Java.

</doc>
<doc id="18250870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250870" title="B85">
B85

B85 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18250872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250872" title="Tricomia">
Tricomia

Tricomia is a Catholic titular see. The original diocese was a suffragan of Caesarea in Palaestina Prima. It is mentioned in George of Cyprus and, according to the other cities preceding or following its name, would seem to have been situated in southern Palestine. 
Malalas relates an ancient legend regarding Tricomia, which he calls Nyssa and confounds with Scythopolis. According to his account it was the site of a famous temple of Artemis. 
It was never a Greek Orthodox see, and Le Quien is at fault in his complaint of being unable to find any bishops. The Roman Curia, taking the "Descriptio orbis romani" of George of Cyprus, a civil document, for a "Notitia episcopatuum", made Tricomia a titular see. 
It is now a village called Terkoumieh on a high hill between Hebron and Bet-Djibrin. It must not be confused with another Tricomia in Arabia which was the camping place of the "equites promoti Illyriciani".

</doc>
<doc id="18250886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250886" title="Ammannur Madhava Chakyar">
Ammannur Madhava Chakyar

Padma Bhushan (Dr.) Guru Ammannur Madhava Chakyar (May 13, 1917 – July 2, 2008) was a master of Kutiyattam, the classical Sanskrit theatrical form indigenous to Kerala. He is best known for taking the performances from the temple sanctuaries where they were formerly confined and making them public events.
Biography.
Family.
Guru Ammannur Madhava Chakyar was born into the Ammannur Chakyar family to Sreedevi Illodamma and Vellarapilli Madassi Manakkal Parameswaran Nambuthiri on 13 May 1917. Many of his family members were well known as practitioners of Kutiyattam.
Training, Gurus and First Performances.
He was initiated into Kutiyattam at the age of 7 and trained rigorously under his two uncles Ammannur Chachu Chakyar and Ammannur Valiya Madhava Chakyar as well as Kitangur Rama Chakyar His arangettam (debut performance) was at the age of 11 in the Bhagavathi temple at Thirumandham Kunnu, performing the role of Sutradhara in Balacharitam (a play by Bhāsa). At the age of 14, he gave his first performance at the Koothambalam (temple theatre house) of Vadakkunnathan Temple in Trichur. At the age of 16, He had his debut in Prabandha Koothu with the ritual Kuduma vakkal at the Putiya Trikkovil , Chendamangalam. After completing his basic training in the traditional style, he went for higher training in Abhinaya and Natya Shastra under Bhagavathar Kunjunni Thampuran at the acting laboratory supported by the Kodungallor royal family]|http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kodungallur_Kovilakam]. He also studied the Sanskrit language under Vidushi Kochikavu Thampuratty and Vidvan Manthitta Nambuthiri. 
Later career.
In the 1980s, he became one of the first Kutiyattam performers to present his art to an international audience. He visited France and England in 1982, Switzerland and The Netherlands in 1987 and Japan in 1988.
Death.
Ammannur suffered from many serious health problems in his last years. On May 13, 2007, he celebrated his 90th birthday at his home at Irinjalakkuda. Later on, his health detoriated and he finally died in the early hours of July 2, 2008. He was aged 91.

</doc>
<doc id="18250901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250901" title="Mepitiostane">
Mepitiostane

Mepitiostane (INN) is an anabolic steroid. It is purported to also have anti-estrogen properties.

</doc>
<doc id="18250912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250912" title="Ibu">
Ibu

Ibu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18250932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250932" title="Hampton Beach Casino Ballroom">
Hampton Beach Casino Ballroom

Opened in 1899, the Hampton Beach Casino Ballroom is a seasonal live music and comedy venue located on the boardwalk of Hampton Beach, New Hampshire. The venue is open from April to November, and within those eight months schedules upwards of 70 shows. In 2010, Pollstar ranked the Casino Ballroom #23 in the Top 100 Worldwide Club Venues.
History.
The facility was opened on July 15, 1899 by Wallace D. Lovell, who owned the Exeter, Hampton and Amesbury Street Railway Company, with the hope of bringing more business and tourism into the Hampton Beach area. In 1927, the ballroom was added to adapt to the changing nature of entertainment, when the national star was just coming into existence. The new owners wanted a facility that could hold 5,000 people, and thus the Casino Ballroom was born. After the expansion, the Casino Ballroom boasted the largest dance floor in New England, and 20,000 people made use of the massive space on a weekly basis that hosted acts such as Bing Crosby and Duke Ellington.
The rise of rock and roll brought many more changes to the Casino Ballroom. The owners at the time sold the facility to a consortium of local businessmen interested in restoring it to its former glory. After renovating the facility and restoring many of its original features, the Ballroom reopened in the 1970s as Club Casino. Renovations, however, were not enough to draw promoters back to the venue. Seeing an opportunity, one of the new owners sought to book then-little-known names such as U2 and Ray Charles as a way of restoring the venue's reputation. His bet paid off, and following another renovation in the late '70s and early '80s, Club Casino began booking the likes of Jerry Seinfeld, Melissa Etheridge and Phish. So popular was the location, in fact, that it was able to fit 50 events into a three-month period, unheard of at the time for most music halls.
In the 1990s, the club started to develop a reputation for tough bouncers and strict rules against dancing. Again, changes were made to the Club Casino. In an attempt to regain some of its past glory, the name was changed back to the Hampton Beach Casino Ballroom, the facade of the building was redone, and the adjacent hotel demolished. The venue's season now extends from April to November, and it continues to bring in some of the top names in entertainment.
Notable events.
On July 8, 1971, an additional 4,000 fans showed up to an already sold-out Jethro Tull concert. Ticketless fans started rioting and scaling the walls to climb in through the windows. Police and the National Guard were called in, and the incident resulted in the town of Hampton banning rock concerts for a number of years.
On August 9, 1995, the day Jerry Garcia died, his former Grateful Dead bandmates RatDog took the stage to play a show at the Casino. Fans and media outlets descended on the Ballroom, filling the venue's parking lot to hold a candlelight vigil while listening to the band play inside.
Micky Ward, professional boxer of "The Fighter" fame, fought Emanuel Augustus here on July 13, 2001. It was later named the 2001 Fight of the Year.
The Casino Ballroom is the only venue in the world that has hosted three generations of the Nelson family: Ozzie & Harriet Nelson in the 1930s, Ricky Nelson in the 1960s & 70s, and Matthew & Gunnar Nelson in the 1990s.
Notable performers.
The following are some of the artists who have performed at the Casino Ballroom:

</doc>
<doc id="18250933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250933" title="Time, Forward!">
Time, Forward!

Time, Forward! (, "Vremya, vperyod!") is a 1965 Soviet drama film directed by Sofiya Milkina and Mikhail Shveytser based on a novel with the same name and a screenplay by Valentin Katayev. Composer Georgy Sviridov, sound by Lev Trakhtenberg. Production by Mosfilm by the order of Goskino.
The title is derived from Vladimir Mayakovsky's play "Banya" ().
Plot summary.
The action takes place in the 1930s. The film describes one day of the construction work of Magnitogorsk Iron and Steel Works (or "Magnitka").
Theme.
Sviridov's main theme for the film was one of the most recognizable music pieces of the Soviet era, and became a sort of calling card for the Soviet Union itself. Since 1986 it was used as the signature tune of "Vremya", the TV news program on USSR Central Television and Russian Channel One. It was also used as the opening theme for the four-part Channel 4 documentary Spitfire Ace in Great Britain.
The theme has been used in subsequent films, most notably Theodore Ushev's "Tower Bawher" and Guy Maddin's "The Heart of the World". It was performed at the close of the 2010 Olympic ceremony in Vancouver, conducted live by Valery Gergiev, to present the 2014 Winter Olympics, which will be held in Russia. 
The Vremya theme from Sviridov's "Time, Forward!" was used at considerable length in the Opening Ceremony of the 2014 Winter Olympic Games in Sochi, Russia, during the scene depicting national industrialization and the collectivization of agriculture in the Soviet Union. The dancers wore identical red and black costumes to signify conformity to the state while they interacted with huge figurative tractors, giant ditch-diggers, gears, and similar engine parts.

</doc>
<doc id="18250936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250936" title="Lucius E. Polk">
Lucius E. Polk

Lucius Eugene Polk (July 10, 1833 – December 1, 1892) was a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He was the nephew of Leonidas Polk.
Early life.
Polk was born in Salisbury, North Carolina. When he was two years of age, the family moved near Columbia, Tennessee. Polk attended the University of Virginia in 1850-51, before settling in Helena, Arkansas, where he was a planter.
Civil War.
In 1861, Polk enlisted in the Yell Rifles as a private under Patrick Cleburne, who he served under during most of the War. At the Battle of Shiloh, then Junior Second Lieutenant Polk was wounded in the face. He was promoted to colonel of the 15th Arkansas Infantry Regiment following Shiloh. When Cleburne was promoted to divisional command, Polk was appointed brigadier general to date from December 13, 1862. Polk took part in fighting at Stones River, Chickamauga, Chattanooga, and in the Atlanta Campaign. In June 1864, Polk was severely wounded (the fourth time during the war) at the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain and was honorably discharged from the Army.
Post War career.
Polk returned to Columbia after his wounding at Kennesaw. He served as a delegate to the 1884 Democratic National Convention in Chicago. In 1887 he was elected to the Tennessee Senate.
Death and legacy.
Polk died in Columbia, Tennessee, and is buried at St. John's Church Cemetery at nearby Ashwood. His son Rufus King Polk was a Congressman from Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18250941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250941" title="Cayo Miltos">
Cayo Miltos

Cayo Doroteo Miltos (born 1843 in Concepción, d. 1871 in Asunción) was a Paraguayan politician.
He studied in universities in Argentina and Sorbonne. He returned to Paraguay in 1869 and was a political ally of Facundo Machaín and Juan Antonio Jara. After Cirilo Antonio Rivarola was elected as President of the Republic, Miltos was elected as President of Superior Tribunal Court and was also chosen in the commission to write a new constitution, leading the opposition bloc within this body.
On November 24, 1870, he was elected as Vice President, by the National Constitutional Convention, taking office on the next day. He died in office on January 7, 1871, during a yellow fever outbreak.

</doc>
<doc id="18250950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250950" title="B86">
B86

B86 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18250951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250951" title="Olvir Hnufa">
Olvir Hnufa

Olvir Hnufa or Ölvir hnúfa was a Norwegian hersir and skald of the late ninth and early tenth centuries, known from, among other sources, "Egil's Saga", "Skaldatal" and the "Prose Edda". Olvir was the son of the viking Berle-Kari and brother-in-law of Kveldulf Bjalfason, who married Olvir's sister Salbjorg Karadottir; he was thus uncle to Skallagrim and Thorolf Kveldulfsson and great uncle to the famous poet Egil Skallagrimsson. Olvir also had a brother named Eyvind Lambi. Olvir was a prominent member of the court of King Harald Fairhair, who united Norway under his rule in the late ninth or early tenth century. Among other famous skalds, he served as one of King Harald's court poets. He also served as a warrior in Harald's retinue, and fought at the pivotal Battle of Hafrsfjord on the king's flagship. He is best known for his involvement in the conflict between Harald and Olvir's kinsman Thorolf Kveldulfsson, which ended with the latter's death. Only a few fragments of Olvir's poetry survive.
Name.
The name "Ölvir" has been defined as "priest of the shrine/sanctuary". His nickname "hnufa" is something of a mystery. It is sometimes translated as hump; it is unknown whether this described a physical condition. However, it can also mean "snub", as in snub-nosed. Vigfusson pointed out that under Nordic law, "'hnufa' refers to a bondmaid whose nose has been cut off for theft thrice repeated; as a nickname it must refer to some hurt" suffered by Olvir.
Viking career.
Olvir and Eyvind joined their nephew Thorolf Kveldulfsson on a number of Viking expeditions after the latter received a longship as a gift from his father Kveldulf. They gained a great deal of profit from such voyages. At a thing in Gaular, Olvir fell in love with Solveig Atladottir, the daughter of a jarl in Fjordane named Atli the Slender. The jarl refused Olvir permission to marry the girl, but he was so smitten that he abandoned his Viking life to be near her. A skald of some talent, he composed a number of love poems for Solveig. For reasons not revealed in "Egil's Saga", but probably related to his courtship of Solveig, Olvir was attacked and nearly killed in his home by Solveig's brothers shortly after King Harald of Vestfold's conquest of Møre. Atli did not long survive this encounter; after Harald Fairhair conquered Møre and Fjordane he assigned the governance of the former to Rognvald Eysteinsson and the latter to Hákon Grjótgarðsson. Hákon and Atli soon came into conflict over Sogn and fought a battle at Fjalir in Stafaness Bay, in which Hakon was killed. Atli was severely wounded in the battle and taken to a nearby island, where he died.
Life in Harald's court.
Fleeing his attackers, Olvir joined King Harald's retinue as a court skald, a post he would hold for many years along with such notables as Þorbjörn Hornklofi and Þjóðólfr of Hvinir.
Olvir mollified the king's rage when Kveldulf refused to come pay homage by convincing Thorolf to join Harald's hird, or armed retinue. Along with Thorolf and Eyvind Lambi, Olvir fought on Harald's ship at the Battle of Hafrsfjord (probably around 885). Over the years, both as a result of slander by Thorolf's enemies, and of Thorolf's growing popularity and power in northern Norway, Harald began to see him as a threat; despite Olvir's continuous attempts to ameliorate the deterioration in the relationship between the two.
Even when the king attacked Thorolf's farm, Olvir still pleaded to save his kinsman's life. After Thorolf was killed by Harald, the king gave his body to Olvir for burial. Olvir tried to convince Harald to pay wergeld for Thorolf but the king consistently refused, claiming that Thorolf was a traitor. Ultimately, Olvir went to Fjordane to tell Kveldulf and Skallagrim Kveldulfsson of Thorolf's death. Skallagrim went with Olvir to King Harald after Thorolf's murder. He demanded compensation, or monetary compensation, which resulted in his being chased out of the king's court. Together with his father Kveldulf, and their kinsman Ketil Trout, Skalla-Grimr took revenge by killing those of Harald's servants who took part in Thorolf's killing before fleeing to Iceland.
Following these events, Olvir begged Harald to permit him to leave the court and return to his own estate, saying that he had "no desire to sit with the men who murdered Thorolf". The king, however, refused, and, in the words of William Pencak, "Olvir, the would-be peacemaker who sold out to the king, is condemned to a life of praising his family's murderers."
Olvir's subsequent fate is not recorded. There is no record of his ever having married or having had children.
The "Hauksbók" contains a tale called the "Skaldasaga Haralds harfagra" ("Saga of the Skalds of Harald Fairhair") describing an expedition to Sweden undertaken by Olvir, Thorbjorn Hornklofi, and Audun Ill-skald to expiate an offense. Its historiocity is disputed.
Poetry.
Olvir is quoted by Snorri Sturluson in the "Skaldskaparmal" as having composed the following stave about the god Thor: ""Æstisk allra landa umbgjörð ok sonr Jarðar."" ("The encircler of all lands Midgard Serpent or Jörmungandr and Iord's son became violent.") Another poetic fragment attributed to him in the "Skaldatal" reads: ""Maðr skyldi þó molda megja hverr of þegja kenni-seiðs þó at kynni klepp-dæg Hárrs lægvar."" ("Yet every man should know how to hold his peace even though -").
William Pencak compared Olvir's poetic career unfavorably with that of his grandnephew Egil: "A tyrant needs insincere poets to praise him, and Olvir's career illustrates the problem of artists and thinkers serving political ends ... the saga does not quote any of his poems. First Olvir is the slave of a woman, then of a king. The difference between his poetry and Egil's will demonstrate the opportunities for talent a free society opens up."

</doc>
<doc id="18250955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250955" title="Jubal (film)">
Jubal (film)

Jubal is a 1956 Western directed by Delmer Daves based on a 1939 novel by Paul Wellman. The movie stars Glenn Ford, Ernest Borgnine and Rod Steiger and was filmed in Technicolor and CinemaScope on location in Jackson Hole, Wyoming.
It is notable as a western reworking of "Othello" (played by Borgnine), with Steiger as Iago and Ford as Cassio. The supporting cast also includes Charles Bronson, Jack Elam and Felicia Farr.
Plot.
Jubal Troop is a cowboy who is found in a weakened condition, without a horse. He is given shelter at Shep Horgan's large ranch, where he quickly makes an enemy in Pinky, a cattleman who accuses Jubal of carrying the smell of sheep.
Horgan is a cheerful, agreeable fellow who is married to an attractive, much younger woman named Mae whom he met in Canada. He takes an immediate shine to Jubal and offers him a permanent job. Behind his back, Mae also has taken a liking to Jubal, which she expresses to him in no uncertain terms. Horgan has been impressed with Jubal's work ethic and makes him foreman over the other cowhands. That further antagonizes Pinky, whom Horgan does not trust.
Jubal fends off Mae's advances while developing an interest in Naomi, a young woman from a traveling wagon train of an unnamed religious group that the cowboys call "rawhiders." Pinky and the other cowboys try to run off the strangers and resent Jubal's interference on their behalf. Jubal's only ally is a drifter named Reb, who has attached himself to the wagon train. With Jubal's recommendation, Reb is hired to help him at the ranch.
Pinky, who has carried on with Mae behind her husband's back, tells Horgan that his wife and Jubal have betrayed him. Horgan demands the truth from Mae, who angrily responds that she can't stand him and lies that Jubal has been seeing her.
An enraged Shep rides to town and confronts Jubal, intending to kill him. Reb flips a gun to Jubal just in time and Shep is shot dead.
Pinky makes another play for Mae, then beats her savagely when she pushes him away. Pinky then rallies the others to go after Jubal, persuading them that he stole Shep's wife and murdered him. A posse gets the truth from a dying Mae, that her accusations toward Jubal were completely untrue. She also reveals that Pinky beat her, just before she dies. The posse slowly circles Pinky and it's clear they intend to hang him. Jubal rides away with Naomi and Reb.

</doc>
<doc id="18250957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250957" title="Abkhazian State University">
Abkhazian State University

The Abkhazian State University is the only university in Georgia's breakaway republic of Abkhazia. It was founded in 1979 on the basis of the Sukhumi Pedagogical Institute. Its first rector was Zurab Anchabadze.
The university consists the departments of physics and mathematics, biology and geography, history, philology, economics, law; pedagogical and agro-engineering departments.
The first college in Abkhazia, "Sukhumi Agro-pedagogical Institute" was founded in 1932 and transformed into "Maxim Gorky Pedagogical Institute" next year. Following the rallies and street demonstrations in 1978 it was transformed into Abkhazian State University with Abkhaz, Georgian and Russian sectors. In 1989 Georgian students demanded that the Georgian sector be transformed into a branch of the Tbilisi State University. This was opposed by the Abkhaz and eventually led to the clashes in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="18250963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250963" title="Sterilant gas monitoring">
Sterilant gas monitoring

Sterilant gas monitoring is the detection of hazardous gases used by health care and other facilities to sterilize medical supplies that cannot be sterilized by heat or steam methods. The current FDA approved sterilant gases are ethylene oxide, hydrogen peroxide and ozone. Sterilization means the complete destruction of all biological life (including viruses and sporoidal forms of bacteria), and sterilization efficacy is typically considered adequate if less than one in a million microbes remain viable.
Hazards of sterilant gases.
Since sterilant gases are selected to destroy a wide range of biological life forms, any gas which is suitable for sterilization will present a hazard to personnel exposed to it. The NIOSH immediately dangerous to life and health values (IDLH) for the three sterilant gases above are 800 ppm, 75 ppm and 5 ppm for ethylene oxide, hydrogen peroxide and ozone respectively. For comparison, the IDLH of cyanide gas (hydrogen cyanide) is 50 ppm. Thus exposure to even low levels of sterilant gas should not be treated casually and most facilities go to great lengths to adequately protect their employees.
In addition, the sterilizer manufacturers go to great lengths to make their products as safe as possible, but sterilizers (as with any mechanical device) can and sometimes do fail and leaks have been reported (see for example FDA's Manufacturer and User Facility Device Experience Database. Continuous gas monitors are used as part of an overall safety program to provide a prompt alert to nearby workers in the event that there is a leak of the sterilant gas.
Monitoring equipment.
The monitor alarms are typically set to warn if the concentrations exceed the OSHA permissible exposure limits (PELs), 1.0 ppm for ethylene oxide and 1.0 and 0.1 ppm for hydrogen peroxide and ozone respectively. The PELs are calculated as 8 hour time weighted average values (i.e. the average exposure over a typical shift).
In addition to providing continuous monitoring, the better gas monitors include a computer based data acquisition system provides automatic data logging to assist with compliance with OSHA's regulations and impending alarms that allow users to rectify problems before they become a hazard. 
There are several technologies that are commonly used for the detection of sterilant gases, the main three being electrochemical, gas chromatography and metal oxide semiconductor. All three technologies are suitable for ethylene oxide, but only electrochemical sensors are used for hydrogen peroxide and ozone detection. 
For ethylene oxide, metal oxide semiconductor sensors provide a low cost, long life detector, but they lack the sensitivity necessary to detect ethylene oxide at the OSHA PEL. Instead these sensors are used only as gross leak detectors. Gas chromatography offers excellent sensitivity and selectivity towards ethylene oxide, but the monitors tend to maintenance intensive and usually sample and analyze from several measuring points in sequence as opposed to providing continuous monitoring. Electrochemical sensors offer very good sensitivity, fast alarm response times and small size. ChemDAQ and most other gas monitor manufacturers mainly use electrochemical sensors for toxic gases because of their many advantages.
Electrochemical sensors have traditionally suffered from a cross sensitivity problems with other vapors (alcohols are especially troublesome in health care). Cross sensitivity results in false alarms, unnecessary evacuations and eventually a loss of confidence in the gas monitoring system. 
One manufacturer, ChemDAQ has developed a proprietary chemical filter that allows the ethylene oxide to pass through but removes most common interferent gases and vapors (including carbon monoxide, ethanol and IPA). The use of this filter allow the ethylene oxide to be detected with all the advantages that electrochemical sensors have to offer, but without the problems of cross sensitivity. 
There are several other manufacturers of gas monitoring equipment and users should review the information available from several companies before purchasing a gas monitoring system to ensure that it will be suitable for their application.

</doc>
<doc id="18250964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250964" title="Tumak language">
Tumak language

Tumak, also known as Toumak, Tumag, Tummok, Sara Toumak, Tumac, and Dije, is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in the southwestern Chadian prefectures of Moyen-Chari and Koumra. Motun (Mod) and Tumak dialects have a lexical similarity of only 70%; Blench (2006) lists Tumak, Motun, and Mawer as separate languages. Most Motun speakers use some Sara.
The "Gulei" listed in Greenberg might be a dialect of Tumak.

</doc>
<doc id="18250970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250970" title="Tony King">
Tony King

Tony King is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Chris Coghill. He was the partner of established character Bianca Jackson (Patsy Palmer), and a father-figure to her four children. Tony sexually abused Bianca's stepdaughter, Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty), and began grooming her school-friend Lauren Branning (Madeline Duggan), before his predatory nature was uncovered and he was arrested for his crimes. Tony appeared between 12 September and 12 December 2008 and returned in December 2009 to stand trial.
The child sexual abuse storyline marked the first time the subject matter had been broached in a UK soap opera, and was researched and developed with advice and approval from the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. The abusive nature of Tony and Whitney's relationship resulted in over 200 complaints being made to the BBC and television regulatory body Ofcom by members of the public, with the storyline deemed "horrifying" by the "Daily Mail"'s Lizzie Smith, and "one of the darkest and most disturbing storylines "EastEnders" has ever attempted" by "The Mirror"'s Beth Neil. The NSPCC however praised the storyline for "helping to raise awareness of the hidden nature of sexual abuse". The storyline also gained "EastEnders" a Royal Television Society Programme Award in March 2009 in the Soap and Continuing Drama category.
Storylines.
Tony meets a pregnant Bianca Butcher (Patsy Palmer) in 2004 and begins a relationship with her, acting as a father-figure to her children, and later adopts her newborn son Morgan. Unknown to Bianca, however, Tony is a paedophile, and begins grooming her daughter Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) when she was 12. Whitney falls in love with Tony and they begin a sexual relationship, which is halted when Tony was sent to prison for assault occasioning actual bodily harm after assaulting a teenage boy who propositioned Whitney.
After being released from prison, Tony joins Bianca and her family in Walford. He immediately resumes his sexual relationship with Whitney, despite his displeasure at her more adult appearance, insisting she remove her make-up and jewellery. When Whitney gets a role in the school play, "Romeo and Julie", Tony is angry about having less time with her, becoming jealous of her co-star Peter Beale (Thomas Law). Tony deceives Whitney into believing they will run away and start a new life together when she turns sixteen. Whitney gives him money she has been keeping for his return, which he gives Bianca as a deposit for a flat. Tony assaults Peter as a result of his growing jealousy, and is nearly reported to the police by Peter's sister Lucy Beale (Melissa Suffield). Whitney convinces Lucy not to go to the police, but not before Lucy tells Bianca what happened. When Bianca angrily tells Tony that she is not a child anymore, he realizes he is no longer attracted to her.
Tony begins grooming fourteen-year-old Lauren Branning, supporting her when her mother Tanya Branning (Jo Joyner) is arrested for the attempted murder of her father. He plans to take her to a concert, but Lauren's father Max Branning (Jake Wood) uncovers her hidden clothes and refuses her permission to attend. When Whitney's sixteenth birthday arrives, she books flights so they can run away together. Attempting to foil her plan, Tony steals her passport but it is found and returned. On her birthday, Whitney tells Bianca about her relationship with Tony, believing that they are going to leave together. Horrified, Bianca calls the police, and Tony is arrested. He is later released on bail and visits their home in an attempt to convince Whitney not to give a statement to the police. He is attacked by Bianca's ex-husband Ricky (Sid Owen) and re-arrested for breaking his bail conditions. 
Before his trial in December 2009, Tony attempts suicide. Whitney tries to visit but is refused, and Bianca sees it as a form of manipulation. Tony repeatedly attempts to contact Whitney by phone, but after the first day of the trial, he flushes the SIM card down the toilet in his cell. When Whitney's brother Ryan Malloy (Neil McDermott) tries to attack Tony in court, Whitney says she will refuse to testify, claiming her witness statement was a lie and she was forced to say it. Bianca explains to Whitney that Tony will be set free and that he will target other children. Tony's barrister, Mrs Taylor (Jacqueline Defferary), cross-examines Whitney, trying to imply that she pursued him for several years, saying she refused to take 'no' for an answer and lied about the accusations. Tony shouts out that he is innocent but Whitney says she trusted him and he abused her, revealing the truth about the relationship. After leaving the courtroom, Whitney gives her barrister, Vivien Easley QC (Geraldine Alexander), a mobile phone with messages from Tony on it. A week later Tony is found guilty of all charges and sentenced to 13 years in custody. He smirks as the verdict is being read out but is taken away with his head in his hands.
In July 2013, Whitney receives a note from Tony via one of his former prison friends, saying that he always loved her. Whitney attempts to visit Tony in prison, but she is told that he killed himself.
Creation.
Tony was first mentioned in "EastEnders" in April 2008, when Palmer returned as Bianca Jackson following a nine-year absence from the show. It was established that although Tony was currently in prison, he and Bianca were in a relationship, and that he acted as a father-figure to her children Whitney Dean, Liam Butcher (James Forde) and Tiffany Dean (Maisie Smith). It was originally stated that Tony was the biological father of Bianca's youngest son, mixed-race Morgan Jackson-King (Devon Higgs), which raised confusion with viewers when it was later announced that Coghill, who is white, had been cast in the role. The show's producers explained that Tony was not really Morgan's father, and that the reason behind this deception would be revealed soon after his arrival. 
Although Tony did not appear in the show until September 2008, his arrival was anticipated from April of that year, when "EastEnders" executive producer Diederick Santer commented that the series was building a picture of his character, and that it would be interesting to see him on-screen. It was reported on 2 July 2008 that Tony would be arriving in the serial as part of a child sexual abuse storyline involving Whitney. BBC News described the plot as an ongoing "predatory paedophile storyline", noting that this was the first time this subject matter had been tackled by a UK soap opera. 
An "EastEnders" spokesperson stated that programme-makers were working in close conjunction with the NSPCC in order to portray the subject matter accurately and sensitively, commenting that the show aims to raise awareness of real-life issues, and has in the past similarly drawn attention to issues such as domestic violence, rape and HIV. John Grounds, the NSPCC's director of communications, praised the soap for raising awareness of the issue. Sara Nathan of "The Sun" reported that the story had been planned since the previous year, and would begin with Whitney worrying about Tony's release from prison and the effect it would have on her family.
The storyline was first conceived when "EastEnders" series consultant Simon Ashdown viewed a documentary about homelessness, featuring a mother and child at a bus stop with nowhere to go. Ashdown questioned what might happen if a child sex offender were to befriend the mother in order to grow closer to the child, and related the scenario to Bianca's return to the soap. BBC Head of Drama John Yorke explained that the idea when presented "drew a sharp intake of breath. Most "EastEnders" stories that have been good and successful have been the ones that caused the sharp intake of breath, so they're always the kind of stories you look for." Final approval for the storyline was sought from BBC Head of Fiction Jane Tranter on 2 June 2008. Tranter explained that: "I thought it was a fantastically good idea. The big moments in "EastEnders", those iconic pieces of television history, tend to be the things that are incredibly near the knuckle, and are actually quite difficult subjects to raise in the context of a family sitting room. [...] Soaps are meant to hold up a mirror to our lives, and sometimes that mirror will show ugly bits, difficult bits, taboo bits. But if a soap doesn't hold up that mirror, then actually, what is it? It will have no depth."
Development.
Coghill was cast as Tony on 20 June 2008. He deemed the role the most challenging he had ever played, but hoped that it would help to raise public awareness of child abuse. Of his off-screen relationship with McGarty, Coghill explained that it helped that she does not look or act like a young child, deeming her "fantastic to work with", as well as "very natural, very instinctive and a natural actress", commenting: "There isn't any uncomfortable feeling at all." Having undergone a thorough characterisation session, Coghill began shooting on 30 June 2008, and first appeared on-screen on 12 September 2008. 
Coghill has explained that Tony began grooming Whitney as soon as he met Bianca, ingratiating himself so as to become the family's "hero figure" and "saviour". Coghill elucidated: "The lie that Tony has spun to Whitney is that as soon as she's 16 they'll run away together and start a new life. But Tony's the type of paedophile who preys on younger children. Whitney is beginning to pass her sell-by date with him. [...] He feels like he's losing his little girl but needs to keep Whitney under his control and not speak out." As Tony began to lose interest in Whitney, he started grooming her 14-year-old school-friend Lauren Branning. A show-insider commented that Tony had been getting away with abusing Whitney for years, but was escalating as one young girl was no longer enough to satisfy him.
Tony left the soap on 12 December 2008, after his true nature was exposed. It was announced on 7 September 2009 that he would return to "EastEnders" to be put on trial. Coghill was pleased to return, believing it right that Tony's story arc should conclude realistically, giving closure to the storyline and continuing to raise awareness of the issue. Santer commented: "One of the unique things about "EastEnders" is its ability to play stories over months and years. Chris agreeing to come back for these episodes will enable us to continue showing the long-term consequences of Tony's abuse of Whitney and – I hope – continue to do justice to the issue of child sex abuse." Grounds praised Tony's trial, stating that it demonstrated the importance for children of having their abusers brought to justice. Palmer felt that: "If one person out there who's been abused saw that legal system go out of their way to make it easier on the victim – Whitney's evidence is given by video link – it will be worth it."
Reception.
The BBC and television regulatory body Ofcom received 70 complaints after Whitney's first scenes with Tony aired. A BBC spokesman responded: "This is a difficult and challenging storyline, but one which keeps with the tradition of the show for tackling difficult social issues such as domestic abuse and mental health in the past. All the content on screen adheres to the BBC's editorial guidelines." "The Guardian"'s Aida Edemariam said of the beginning of the storyline: "what is most disturbing, watching and Whitney's first scenes together, is not the sexuality of the situation per se, though that is uncomfortable - it's the subtle blackmail with which he keeps her in line. As it's combined with the emotional manipulation native to soaps, the viewer starts to feel a bit bullied, too". Numbers of viewer complaints rose within days to over 200. "New Statesman" journalist Jeremy Sare commented on the public outrage and defended "EastEnders" decision to air the storyline, writing: 
Sare quoted a BBC spokeswoman as saying: "we appreciate that for some viewers this storyline will have particular resonance and significance. In running it, it's certainly not our intention to cause distress or upset, either to those who've suffered from sexual abuse or their families. Our aim is instead to raise awareness of this very sensitive issue", concluding his article with the summation: "The producers’ dilemma is instructive to children’s charities and Ministers alike on how to confront the issue in a digestible manner which can stimulate an objective debate."
"The Mirror"'s Beth Neil branded the plot strand "one of the darkest and most disturbing storylines "EastEnders" has ever attempted", with critic Jim Shelley deeming it to be a "new low" for "EastEnders". Shelley wrote of Whitney's abuse: "You've really got to hand it to "EastEnders". Just when you thought the show couldn't get any more miserable, the writers come up trumps and produce a new way of making us depressed - a paedophile storyline. Thanks for that! I realise now this is what the family meal has been missing three nights a week: gathering the telly to watch a grubby, greasyhaired thug drooling over a 15- year-old girl who (as luck would have it) spends her entire life in her school uniform even when she's not at school. And they say family entertainment's dead." Shelley refuted the BBC's claims that the storyline had educational value as "totally bogus", observing that "At 7.30 or 8pm, the "action" has to be so coded as to be pointless". Deborah Orr, writing for "The Independent", similarly disagreed with the BBC's statement that the storyline was part of "EastEnders"' "rich heritage of tackling difficult social issues", writing that:
The "Daily Mail"'s Lizzie Smith deemed the storyline "horrifying", while "The Guardian"'s Julie Raeside has questioned: "Is this latest sexual abuse storyline a good thing to position in a pre-watershed soap opera, or should the "EastEnders" storyliners stick to a less controversial brand of misery?" However, in contrast to public and media dissent, the NSPCC's director of communications, John Grounds, has praised the storyline for "helping to raise awareness of the hidden nature of sexual abuse", deeming it to be "vital in persuading people to take action to stop it and encouraging children to speak out." Episodes from the storyline were submitted to the Royal Television Society Programme Awards 2008 for a panel to judge in the category Soap and Continuing Drama. "EastEnders" was presented with the award in March 2009, beating "Coronation Street" and "The Bill". Members of the judging panel described the submitted episodes as "the culmination of a particularly challenging and controversial storyline which the production team, writers and cast pulled off triumphantly." In addition, the storyline was nominated for Best Storyline at the 2009 Inside Soap Awards and the character was nominated for the Villain of the Year award at the 2009 British Soap Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18250994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250994" title="North Holland Blue">
North Holland Blue

The North Holland Blue is a breed of chicken originating in the province of North Holland. Created around the turn of the 20th century as laying breed, North Holland Blues come in single variety with black and white striped pattern called Cuckoo. North Holland Blues have quiet, docile temperaments, and hens are good layers of light brown eggs. In the 21st century, they are rather rare, being almost unknown outside their native country and the United Kingdom. North Holland Blues have white skin, and are clean-legged in their home country. British breed standards call for feathered legs.

</doc>
<doc id="18250995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18250995" title="Mental Health (Care and Treatment) (Scotland) Act 2003">
Mental Health (Care and Treatment) (Scotland) Act 2003

The Mental Health (Care and Treatment) (Scotland) Act 2003, which came into effect on 5 October 2005, enables medical professionals to detain and treat people against their will on grounds of mental disorder, with the Mental Health Tribunal for Scotland and the Mental Welfare Commission for Scotland providing safeguards against mistreatment.
It largely replaces the Mental Health (Scotland) Act 1984.
Detention certificates.
The act provides for short term detention certificates and emergency detention certificates.
Short term certificates are referred to by the act as the 'preferred gateway' to detention, and lead, notionally, to up to 28 days detention during which treatment may be administered against the will of the detainee, and can also lead to compulsory treatment orders, which have longer term implications for the detainee's liberty.
Detainees can apply to the Mental Health Tribunal for revocation of short term certificates.
Emergency certificates lead, notionally, to up to 72 hours detention, and can also lead to detentions under short term certificates.
Emergency certificates do not enable treatment against the will of detainees, and there is no formal process of appeal against them.
Unless a certificate is completed for someone who is already in a mental health hospital, both forms of detention are preceded by detention of up to 72 hours in what are called 'places of safety', while transport to hospital is arranged.
Also, short term detentions may be extended for periods of up to three 'working days', to facilitate applications to the Mental Health Tribunal for compulsory treatment orders.
Saturdays, Sundays, and Scottish bank holidays are not counted as working days.
Principles.
The law is based on a set of principles. These principles should be taken into account by anyone involved in a person's care and treatment.
Past and present wishes.
If you are a patient, you should be given the information and support you need to take part in decisions about your care and treatment. To help service users get their views across, the new Act puts in place the right to access independent advocacy services. It also puts in place advance statements as a way to help service users say what care and treatment they would and would not want to have. We will be checking on cases where a person's advance statement has been overridden.
The views of your named person and any carer, guardian or welfare attorney you have.
Carers should be involved in decision-making and should be given information they need to help them in their role. We will be developing guidance this year to help service providers and carers with the problem of patient confidentiality and sharing information.
Options.
Your care plan should reflect your needs as an individual. We will be reviewing care plans of people on long-term detentions. For more information see our monitoring priorities.
The care and treatment that will be of most benefit.
This should be reflected in a care plan. In addition the Act puts in place safeguards when consent to treatment has not been given. We have a role in safeguarding treatment, for more information see our leaflet.
On many occasions a patient's care & treatment becomes much to the opinion of any one person, with a psychiatric disorder (mentalis confusio), latest labels that of chemical imbalance or chemical disorder, perplex and confuse not only the patient, but those whom may be designated decision makers on a patient's behalf. Family members all too often are not given any information, nor the correct questions to ask.
All too often the system fails to accept a lack of science behind these labels. "where is that chemical test for this chemical imbalance?" Truth is that like the word illness: no such disease exists, nor any chemical as where is this chemical test; well paid professionals or populus of institutions together, with no clear facts & no willingness to discuss any way except that of psychiatry & adding of substance of those many same category as Class substances.
If worried or concerned then as a useful safeguard contact Citizens Commission on Human Rights, UK chapter. Group who concern themselves only in attaining the best way forward for our mental health system. No other organisation sends forth a clear message, group has many informative DVDs and documents all abuses in particular of forced consent where you the patient have no choice, even if the end result is brain damage - ask the writer.
Individual abilities and background.
Important things about you such as your age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, racial origin or membership of any ethnic group should be taken into account by people providing care and treatment.
People giving you care should also make sure that:

</doc>
<doc id="18251002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251002" title="Mesothelioma Applied Research Foundation">
Mesothelioma Applied Research Foundation

The Mesothelioma Applied Research Foundation (Meso Foundation, formerly MARF) is a non-profit organization that funds mesothelioma research, provides services to patients, educates the public, and advocates in Washington, DC for governmental funding for mesothelioma research. The organization's mission is to eradicate mesothelioma, a cancer caused by exposure to asbestos, as a life-ending disease. 
Its donors include lawyers, companies that have manufactured asbestos products and victims, along with their family and friends.
To date, the foundation has funded over $8.2 million in clinical research and is the host of the annual "International Symposium on Malignant Mesothelioma".

</doc>
<doc id="18251011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251011" title="Dual Edge Snowboard">
Dual Edge Snowboard

The Dual Edge Snowboard (DES) is a technical categorization of a general snowboard concept and technology, where a device or mechanism creates two simultaneously ridden edges for a snowsport equipment that allows the user to ride in a similar fashion to the basic (classic) snowboard.
Brief history.
These systems have been around since the commercial beginning of snowboarding, circa 1984. Possibly the earliest successful attempt was the SwingBo. The SwingBo was created by the Struck brothers of Germany. The original equipment can still be found on internet auction sites or as the foundation for some paraplegic ski chairs.
Deuce Snowboards introduced a modern version of the DES that has undergone extensive engineering design and testing. According to Deuce Snowboards, the DES is the next evolutionary step of the snowboard, but it appears that they are evolving the ski sport as well.
There are various other attempts, which typically, were only patented, and were likely not technically or production viable. For example, one was a more modern version like the Deuce Snowboard, it was fundamentally based on a gear mechanism, instead of a four-bar mechanism on which the Deuce DES, and possibly, the SwingBo are based.
These systems are obviously a hybrid of skis and the classic snowboard, with the intent of delivering the advantages of both.
DES compared to the Classic Snowboard.
The majority of the DES designs have a few common features. First, they are two boards connected via a mechanism. Secondly, the mechanism comprises a mounting platform for the rider which is several centimeters (inches) above the top of the boards, and the mechanism attaches roughly to the longitudinal center of the boards. Since they all use only two boards, there appears to be no advantage to three or more.
Advantages.
From Deuce Snowboards and anecdotal accounts of the SwingBo, the DES is predominantly about offering the "grip" that the classic snowboard lacks. This is audibly known by skiers as the scraping noise that is associated with snowboarders. This improved grip is also described as better control, which improves carve technique (shredding) and reduces stopping distance. Deuce Snowboards claims that the better carve is not only due to the additional edge, but also to the fact that the mechanism attaches to the longitudinal center, thus fully and uniformly flexing the boards similar to the design intent of parabolic skis. Plus, since the classic snowboard has a nonuniform flex, mainly characterized as insignificant flex between the riders feet, then the DES has more than twice as much edge control. Other advantages are also defined: seamless edge-to-edge transition, smoother ride, no toe/heel drag, better tip/tip flex and less chance of catching the leading edge.
Disadvantages.
These systems' combined board weight can be roughly the same weight as a single snowboard. Since the total system weight also includes a mechanism, then these systems are likely to always be heavier than the classic snowboard due to the added mechanism. The Deuce DES mechanism's mass is around 3 kg (weighs around 7 pounds). Since the classic snowboard has a mass between 3 to 5 kg (6 to 11 pounds), then the mechanism doubles the weight.
Stationary (not moving) balance is reportedly more difficult with the Deuce DES, whereas this seems to have been less of an issue with the Swingbo.
Style of Ride.
There are several styles or forms of snowboarding. The Half-Pipe and Park Freestyle are the most published forms, but they and All-Mountain (back country) are the least practiced on the mountain. Following is a table that presents these three forms, along with the other two differentiable forms, in terms of the top two parameters that define a preference or aversion to a DES as compared to the classic snowboard. These two parameters are the importance of control and the importance of weight, respectively.
This indicates that Free-Ride, Alpine and All-Mountain riders might prefer the DES over the classic snowboard, but this has yet to be determined. It is possible that the nascent interest in the Snowboard Cross (SBX) and the shift to event indicates an undercurrent of preference.
Construction.
At this time, only the Deuce DES is a reference for the design parameters and construction, thus the following are Deuce DES specific.
Boards.
The lay-up construction of the boards is almost identical to the classic snowboard, the significant difference is the thickness profile, which is commonly known as the flex pattern. The following four board parameters are presented as the variations from the classic parameters:
Mechanism.
The mechanism is a difficult engineering challenge. First, the mechanism experiences very high moment loads due to the various lever arms through which a riders mass is transferred. However, the design must be as light as possible, while being affordable. Thus, it must have a very high strength to weight ratio that is cost effective. One of the ways the Deuce DES achieves this is by using 7075-T6 Aluminum[http://www.matweb.com/search/DataSheet.aspx?MatGUID=4f19a42be94546b686bbf43f79c51b7d&ckck=1] throughout the mechanism.
The second design challenge is the bearing assemblies. The bearing surfaces must survive high loads (jump landing) and a large number of cycles (years of turning), but they must do this in a harsh environment of water, ice and wind, and again the solution must be affordable. The Deuce DES uses stainless steel pins riding in Teflon coated bushings.

</doc>
<doc id="18251031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251031" title="Rudge Cup">
Rudge Cup

The Rudge Cup is a small enamelled bronze cup found in 1725 at Rudge, near Froxfield, in Wiltshire. The cup was found down a well on the site of a Roman villa. It is important in that it lists five of the forts on the western section of Hadrian's Wall, thus aiding scholars in identifying the forts correctly. The information on the cup has been compared with the two major sources of information regarding forts on the Wall, the Notitia Dignitatum and the Ravenna Cosmography.
The cup is in the possession of the Duke of Northumberland and is on display at Alnwick Castle. A replica of the cup is on display at the British Museum.
Description and use.
The cup is 46mm high, with a rim diameter of 89-93mm (once circular, now a little squashed). The base, now missing, is 58mm in diameter. The Champlevé enamelling is in three zones: a lower zone consisting of a grid of rectangles; a central zone consisting of fourteen alternating rectangles (these being subdivided into four smaller rectangles with crenellations along the top), alternating with a leaf-shaped design; a third, narrow, grooved channel at the top containing the lettering given below. 
It is believed by some that the cup once formed part of a set of ornamental souvenir bowls. However, the fact that there is no sign of a similar vessel covering the central and eastern sectors of the Wall suggests otherwise. Whether the Cup was a souvenir for a retired soldier, a libation vessel or a present to be given to other people is something that will probably never be clear. 
The Cup appears to show a schematic drawing of Hadrian's Wall originally picked out in coloured enamels with turrets and milecastles, although this is open to debate.
The inscription on the cup is as follows:
.A.MAISABALLAVAVXELODUMCAMBOGLANSBANNA 
in a continuous strip. This is now interpreted as:
A MAIS ABALLAVA VXELODUM CAMBOGLANS BANNA
It is believed that these names are from an itinerary of the Wall from west to east, listing the forts as Mais (Bowness), Aballava (Burgh-by-Sands), Uxelodunum (Stanwix), Camboglanna (Castlesteads) and Banna (Birdoswald).
Dating and manufacture.
It is likely that the Cup dates to the early 130s AD when interest and pride in the newly completed Wall would have been at their height. 
It is unclear as to where and by whom the Cup was made. It may not necessarily have been made near the Wall. It seems possible that the same craftsman made the Cup and the Amiens Patera. 
Other similar sources.
Amiens Skillet.
The Amiens Skillet, or Amiens Patera, is a bronze bowl with a single long handle found at Amiens, France ( a stopping place for Roman soldiers) in 1949. It is similar to the Rudge Cup in that it has a representation of the Wall and a list of forts from west to east.
The inscription on the bowl is as follows:
MAIS ABALLAVA VXELODVNVM CAMBOG...S BANNA ESICA
The six forts listed on the Amiens Patera match the five forts on the Rudge Cup, with the addition of Aesica (Great Chesters). The list differs from the Notitia Dignitatum and the Ravenna Cosmography, in that it misses out Magnis (Carvoran), which should come between Banna (Birdoswald) and Aesica (Great Chesters). It is believed that this omission is because Magnis was not actually on the Wall but was south of the Vallum, having been originally built to guard the Stanegate.
The patera is 56mm high, with a diameter of 100mm; the handle length is 90mm. Below the inscription a red, crenellated, line depicts (figuratively) a wall and seven towers. The base is decorated with rectangles, possibly depicting masonry foundations, coloured in blue and green enamel. 
Staffordshire Moorlands Patera.
The Staffordshire Moorlands Pan, is a bronze cooking and serving vessel of "trulla" form found in Staffordshire in 2003. It has elaborate Celtic-style enamelled decoration and had a single handle, now broken. The inscription on the bowl lists four forts on Hadrian's Wall.
The inscription on the cup is as follows:
MAIS COGGABATA VXELODVNVM CAMMOGLANNA RIGOREVALI AELI DRACONIS
The four forts listed do not match the first four forts listed on the Rudge Cup and Amiens Skillet. The second fort on the Staffordshire Bowl is Coggabata (Drumburgh), whereas the other two bowls have Aballava (Burgh-by-Sands) as the second fort. The reason for this discrepancy is unclear, but the small size of Coggabata may explain its omission from the Rudge Cup and Amiens Skillet. It is thought that "Rigorevali Aeli" means "On the line of Hadrian's Wall", as Aelius is the family name of Hadrian. Draconis probably refers to either the manufacturer or the person for whom the bowl was made, Draco.

</doc>
<doc id="18251038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251038" title="Greater Boston Food Bank">
Greater Boston Food Bank

The Greater Boston Food Bank, located in Boston, Massachusetts, is a non-profit organization that serves more than 394,000 people each year through a network of nearly 600 member hunger-relief agencies throughout eastern Massachusetts. The Food Bank’s current President and CEO is Catherine D'Amato. The Greater Boston Food Bank is a member organization of Feeding America, formerly known as America’s Second Harvest.
Mission.
To end hunger in eastern Massachusetts.
Services.
The Greater Boston Food Bank provides hunger relief to an estimated 394,300 people annually, according to "Hunger in Eastern Massachusetts 2010", a study that was part of a national initiative spearheaded by Feeding America – The Nation’s Food Bank Network with research conducted by Mathematica Policy Research, Inc.. According to "Hunger in Eastern Massachusetts 2010", a third of all households served by The Greater Boston Food Bank have at least one adult working in their household, and 80% of the households live below the federal poverty line. About a third (125,000) of the members of the households have children under the age of 18, and approximately 15% of clients at program sites served by The Greater Food Bank are age 65 and older.
History.
The Boston Food Bank was founded by Kip Tiernan and legally incorporated in 1981. It was originally located at 71 Amory Street in the Jamaica Plain section of Boston and moved to 99 Atkinson Street in the Newmarket section of Boston in 1992. The Boston Food Bank officially changed its name to The Greater Boston Food Bank in 1993.
The Greater Boston Food Bank broke ground in 2007 at the site of a new facility at 70 South Bay Ave (the former home of the South Bay Incinerator), across the street from the organization’s previous location. The facility was completed in March 2009. The facility, named the Yawkey Distribution Center of The Greater Boston Food Bank will enable The Greater Boston Food Bank to increase its distribution to eventually accommodate 50 million pounds of food and grocery products.

</doc>
<doc id="18251066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251066" title="Cesar Gonzmart">
Cesar Gonzmart

César Gonzmart (March 6, 1920–December 9, 1992) was a concert violinist and entertainer, Spanish "nobleman" and energetic chairman of the $42 million Columbia Restaurant Group (1991).
Early years.
Gonzmart was born César Gonzales in Tampa, Florida and named by his mother for the Roman general and statesman, Julius Caesar. (César is the Spanish spelling of Caesar.) At the age of three, he accompanied his mother, aunt and grandmother on a cruise to Cuba. Having been impressed by shipboard violinist, he started lessons at age six. A successful student, musically and otherwise, he went to Stetson University on scholarship after only 2½ years at Hillsborough High School. In 1935 at age 15, César earned $20 a week substituting in the Columbia Restaurant's band, a job he held for three months before leaving for Deland to attend college.
Musical success.
When César was 18, he was a symphonic violin soloist. He attended the University of Havana, earning a doctorate in music, and stood as the Havana Symphony Orchestra's concertmaster at age 21. He married and fathered a son, César Gonzalez, Jr., who would eventually join the United States Department of State as a career diplomat. That son had no connection to the family restaurant business.
After performing as a concert violinist in the United States and Cuba, César also found lucrative success performing popular music with his touring orchestra, "César Gonzalez and his Magic Violins".
Name change.
At that point in his life, César Gonzalez changed his name to Gonzmart, drawn both from his father's surname of Gonzales and his mother's of Martinez. He later explained that he had wanted to establish his own identity.
Second marriage.
César married Adela Hernandez, the granddaughter of Columbia founder Casimiro Hernandez Sr. in 1946. Adela, a Juilliard School of Music graduate, was an accomplished touring pianist. Notably, Adela had played at Carnegie Hall.
After the wedding, César and Adela Gonzmart toured together until César was convinced to work instead at the Columbia. Though it was a considerable financial loss, César complied to provide stability to the couple's son, Casey. The following year, their second son Richard was born. Although he traded his career as a musician for one as a restaurateur, César Gonzmart regularly serenaded his guests. 
César learned the business quickly, and he and Adela began to have input in the decisions of the Columbia. In 1956, they convinced Adela's father, Casmiro, to build another large room, the "Siboney" dining room, named after a town in Cuba where American forces landed in the Spanish-American War (also the name of a song by a Cuban composer).
Career.
For the rest of his life, Gonzmart focused on managing and expanding the Spanish-themed Columbia group - opening high-volume dinner houses in Sarasota, St. Augustine, Celebration, St. Petersburg and Clearwater Beach. Gonzmart also oversaw the launch of tropical-themed Cha-Cha Coconuts, a casual-themed bar & restaurant in 1988, now four units strong. In addition, the Columbia group operates a commissary called Columbia Food Service Inc. The year Gonzmart left the music business, the Columbia grossed $1 million. In 1991, just before his death, the chain earned $42 million. Gonzmart never stopped being the entertainer. Until illness prevented it, he performed regularly at the Ybor City Restaurant where music has always been key to the dining experience.

</doc>
<doc id="18251072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251072" title="Pericyazine">
Pericyazine

Pericyazine (BAN; also known as periciazine (pINN) or propericiazine) is a medication that belongs to the phenothiazine class of typical antipsychotics. It has also been studied in the treatment of opiate dependence.
Pericyazine is not approved for sale in the United States. It is commonly sold in Canada under the tradename Neuleptil and in United Kingdom and Australia under the tradename Neulactil. 
Medical Uses.
The primary uses of pericyazine include in the short-term treatment of severe anxiety or tension and in the maintenance treatment of psychotic disorders such as schizophrenia.
Adverse effects.
Pericyazine is a rather sedating and anticholinergic antipsychotic and despite being classed with the typical antipsychotics its risk of extrapyramidal side effects is comparatively low. It has a relatively high risk of causing hyperprolactinaemia and a moderate risk of causing weight gain and orthostatic hypotension.

</doc>
<doc id="18251073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251073" title="2008 Wimbledon Championships – Senior Gentlemen's Invitation Doubles">
2008 Wimbledon Championships – Senior Gentlemen's Invitation Doubles

Jeremy Bates and Anders Järryd were the defending champions, but Ken Flach and Robert Seguso defeated them 7–6(1), 6–7(5), 10–7, in the final.
Draw.
Group A.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Group B.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="18251086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251086" title="Katie Rose Clarke">
Katie Rose Clarke

Katherine "Katie" Rose Clarke (born August 25, 1984) is an American musical theater actress. Originally from Friendswood, Texas, she first came to national attention for her portrayal of Clara Johnson in the Broadway production, the live PBS broadcast, and the national tour of "The Light in the Piazza". She made her Broadway debut in "The Light in the Piazza" on December 9, 2005, at the age of 21, at the Vivian Beaumont Theater in New York City under the name "Katie Clarke". Clarke replaced Kelli O'Hara in the part of Clara Johnson, after O'Hara had left the show to play Babe Williams opposite Harry Connick, Jr. in "The Pajama Game". 
She got her start acting at the United Methodist Church.
Clarke is a graduate of Sam Houston State University. Her other theater credits include Craig Lucas' 2007 play "Prayer for my Enemy" at the Long Wharf Theatre in New Haven, Connecticut and the Deborah Abramson/William Finn musical revue "Travels With My Discontent" at the Barrington Stage Company. She also performed in the regional production of TUTS Houston "Anything Goes" in the ensemble.
She was profiled in "The New York Times" in January 2006.
Katie portrayed the role of Glinda on the first national tour of hit musical "Wicked". She replaced Christina DeCicco on November 6, 2007 and starred alongside Carmen Cusack as Elphaba, who was later replaced by Donna Vivino. She played her final performance in San Diego on August 16, 2009 and was replaced by Chandra Lee Schwartz. She most recently reprised the role of Glinda at the Gershwin Theatre on Broadway. She replaced Erin Mackey on January 14, 2010. Clarke took medical leave in March/April 2011, during which time the role was played by Laura Woyasz. She starred alongside Dee Roscioli, Mandy Gonzalez and Teal Wicks during her run, which came to an end on September 25, 2011. Direct from the national tour, Schwartz again acted as her replacement. Clarke returned to the 1st national tour of "Wicked" as Glinda beginning November 15, 2011 and was joined by Kyle Dean Massey, who played the role of Fiyero alongside her in the Broadway production. She and Massey finished their limited engagement with the tour company on February 23, 2012, with Alli Mauzey replacing Clarke.
As of December 15, 2012 she is married to Chris Rogers. The wedding was held in Galveston, Texas. Clarke returned to the role of Glinda in the Broadway production of "Wicked" on April 23, 2013 and ended her run on September 22, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18251130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251130" title="Tupelo Music Hall">
Tupelo Music Hall

Tupelo Music Hall is a small concert hall located in Londonderry, New Hampshire in a building that formerly housed an antiques shop. The readers of "New Hampshire Magazine" voted Tupelo the best small venue in the state for the last eight years. Artists such as George Winston, Suzanne Vega, and Arlo Guthrie have performed at the hall, which is known for its intimate size and superior acoustics. The venue seats 240 people with theater-style seating and 132 with cabaret seating. Light food and soft drinks are available, and patrons are allowed to bring in their own beer or wine for a minimal fee.

</doc>
<doc id="18251151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251151" title="B87">
B87

B87 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18251224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251224" title="Croconazole">
Croconazole

Croconazole (INN) is an imidazole antifungal.

</doc>
<doc id="18251238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251238" title="Alexander Russell">
Alexander Russell

Alexander Russell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18251243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251243" title="Mexico women's national volleyball team">
Mexico women's national volleyball team

The Mexico women's national volleyball team represents Mexico in international volleyball competitions. The dominant forces in women's volleyball in North and Central America are Cuba and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18251248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251248" title="Elliott Jordan">
Elliott Jordan

Elliott Jordan (born 22 April 1983) in London, England, is an English actor who has appeared in Film, Theatre and Television. Following a successful time with the National Youth Theatre, Jordan went on to work on a number of UK film projects. He is best known for playing Callum Monks in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" and Jack in the ITV comedy drama "Benidorm".
Acting career.
Jordan was born on the 22 of April 1983. He started acting at The Sylvia Young Theatre School then he joined the National Youth Theatre. 
Additionally, Jordan has appeared in television programs such as "Silk", My Family, Waking the Dead, Holby Blue, The Inspector Lynley Mysteries, Sea of Souls, The Bill and Murphy's Law.
During 2005, Elliott took the lead role in New Town Films first full feature length production, New Town Original. N.T.O received European acclaim in the Variety critic's Choice: Europe Now awards, where it was the only British film present. In 2011 he worked with New Town Films once again on their second feature film 'Community'.
Jordan also played the ex-boyfriend in Lily Allen's music video "Smile".
He appeared in the second series of the ITV comedy "Benidorm", playing Jack a young lad who catches his eye on Janice and they start a fling together. He reprised this role for the 2009 one hour Special when he interrupted Madge and Mels wedding. He appeared once again as Jack for "Benidorm" series five in 2012 and series 6 in 2014.
In 2013 he appeared in "Family Tree", a HBO mockumentary-style television comedy directed by Christopher Guest.
"EastEnders".
On 26 June 2008, it was revealed that Elliott would be joining the famous BBC soap opera "EastEnders", as Vinnie Monks' long lost son, Callum. He revealed in an interview that his peer mentor when he arrived was Jake Wood. Executive Producer Diederick Santer added: "Callum - played by the very talented and striking Elliott Jordan - will bring a breath of fresh air to Walford. Bright, twinkly, and with the gift of the gab, he'll get the women of Walford all of a flutter." 
On 20 January 2009 it was announced that Jordan would be leaving EastEnders, and he made his final appearance in March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18251262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251262" title="Arthur Coquard">
Arthur Coquard

Arthur Coquard (26 May 1846 – 20 August 1910) was a French composer and music critic.
He studied composition with César Franck, and was a music critic for "Le Monde" and "L'Echo de Paris". He served as director of the Institut National des Jeunes Aveugles (National Institute for Blind Children) from 1891–99.
He won a prize from the Académie des Beaux-Arts for his publication "De la musique en France depuis Rameau". His most popular musical work was his setting of "Haï Luli", which was included in several major anthologies of French songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18251263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251263" title="Nižbor glassworks">
Nižbor glassworks

Nižbor glassworks (actually RÜCKL CRISTAL a.s.) a Bohemian glass factory situated in the village called Nižbor, about 7 km west from the city of Beroun, Czech Republic. The glass factory produces 24% lead crystal. Major part of its production is focused on export. Some production stays on the market in the Czech Republic.
The company was founded in 1903 by Antonín Rückl, a member of a glass-maker family. In 1945, after the World War II, the company was nationalised and in 1965 it was included in the holding called Bohemian Glassworks. In 1992, After the Velvet revolution Jiri Rückl, great-grandson of Antonin Rückl, retrieved the company back to the hands of Rückl family. Nowadays Nižbor glassworks produce Czech crystal known formerly as Bohemian crystal, such as other small glassworks spread all around the country. Part of the factory is open to visitors, where the guides describe the process of crystal making. The company also produces the glass prize for Czech Lion awards.
External links.
"The article is based on the translation from Czech Wikipedia."

</doc>
<doc id="18251272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251272" title="California Fully Protected Species">
California Fully Protected Species

"Fully Protected" is a legal protective designation administered by the California Department of Fish and Game (CDFG), intended to conserve wildlife species that risk extinction within the state of California.
The classification of Fully Protected (often abbreviated as CFP) was the State's initial effort in the 1960s to identify and provide additional protection to those animals that were rare or faced possible extinction. Lists were created for fish, mammals, amphibians & reptiles, and birds. 
The Fish and Game Code sections dealing with Fully Protected species state that these species "...may not be taken or possessed at any time and no provision of this code or any other law shall be construed to authorize the issuance of permits or licenses to take any
fully protected" species, although take may be authorized for necessary scientific research.
This language arguably makes the "Fully Protected" designation the strongest and most restrictive regarding the "take" of these species. In 2003 the code sections dealing with fully protected species were amended to allow CDFG to authorize take resulting from recovery activities for state-listed species.
California laws relating to fully protected species were among the first attempts in the nation to give protection to wildlife in risk of extinction, predating even the Federal Endangered Species Act (ESA). In the decades that followed, new laws were enacted that were more flexible to the needs of growing communities and the modern world. Thus, most fully protected species have also been given additional protection under more recent laws and regulations, and many have been listed under state and federal versions of the ESA. However, the laws relating to fully protected species are still in place. As mentioned above, California law states that no permit may be issued for take of fully protected species, under almost any circumstances. Thus, presence of a fully protected animal in an area such as a construction zone can literally bring the entire project to a halt. In contrast, the ESA carries stronger penalties, but has provisions built in for mitigation options in the event of unavoidable take. There is debate within conservation biology circles as to the modern-day applicability of the fully protected designation due to its inflexibility, the fact that new conservation laws have been enacted, and the fact that some fully protected species have undergone moderate population recovery while many other species that deserve the fully protected status have not been designated as such.

</doc>
<doc id="18251281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251281" title="William Halliday">
William Halliday

William Halliday may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18251289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251289" title="Vojtěch Král">
Vojtěch Král

Vojtěch Král (born July 4, 1988) is a Czech orienteering competitor, and junior world champion.
He became Junior World Champion in "sprint" in Dubbo in 2007.
He competed at the 2012 World Orienteering Championships. In the sprint competition he qualified for the final, where he placed 10th.

</doc>
<doc id="18251298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251298" title="Royal Brunei Police Force">
Royal Brunei Police Force

The Royal Brunei Police Force, RBPF ( (PDRB)) was founded in 1921 with the passing of the Brunei Police Force Enactment. The police force is in charge of prisons, fire services, the issuing of licenses, immigration, and keeping law and order in the streets. The RBPF has been one of the 190 members of INTERPOL, an intergovernmental organisation worldwide since 1984.
With a force of more than 4,400 officers, the RBPF is responsible for keeping law and order and providing law enforcement services. The mandate for the RBPF in keeping the law in the Sultanate of Brunei Darussalam includes the prevention, detection and investigation of crime, collection of criminal intelligence, traffic control, escort duties (VIPs, cash, prisoners), sea and border patrol, public order, riot as well as public event control. [http://www.interpol.int/Member-countries/Asia-South-Pacific/Brunei]
RBPF Timeline.
1906 Secondment of Police officers & personnel from the Straits Settlement.
1909 Insp. S.G Crummy was appointed as CPO.
1917 Ch/Insp. G.C. Mc Afee took over as CPO.
1921 Brunei Police Force Enactment was passed.
1923 Police duties were expanded to cover fire services, prisons, immigration, registration of motor-vehicles, issuing of driving licences, and miscellaneous licences, registration of aliens etc.
1942-1945 Brunei Police Force were placed under the Japanese Military Administration.
1950 Police HQ was moved to Kuala Belait and the CPO was answerable to CP Sarawak.
1950 CID was established.
1951 Brunei Police Force established its own Training Centre at Seria.
1957 Brunei Police band was set up and led by R.E.House.
1958 Immigration Department was established.
1959 Brunei Constitution required the Sultanate to have its own Commissioner of Police.
1960 Land Transport Department was established.
1960 Reserve Unit was established to replace Sarawak Field Force Platoon.
1962 Brunei Police Force involved in defending the country against rebellion caused by the PRB.
1965 28th Ruler of Brunei consented to present a Royal Brunei Standard to the Brunei Police Force.
1967 Police Training Center was established at Jalan Aman, Berakas.
1971 Celebrated Golden Jubilee.
1971 2nd Royal Standard was bestowed by the 29th Ruler.
1974 DYTM Paduka Seri Pengiran Perdana Wazir Sahibol Himmah Wal-Waqar Pengiran Muda Haji Mohamed Bolkiah appointed as the Honorary Commissioner of Police.
1974 Women Contingent was established.
1975 HM Sultan consented to appoint YTM Paduka Seri Pengiran Anak Puteri Hajjah Masnah as the "Commandant of Women Police" and YTM Paduka Seri Pengiran Anak Puteri Hajjah Nor'ain as the "Deputy Commandant of Women Police".
1975 First Bumiputera officer appointed as Commissioner of Police (YAM Pengiran Setia Raja Pengiran Haji Jaya bin Pengiran Haji Rajid)
1984 Became member of INTERPOL on September 4th and ASEANAPOL.
1992 Participated in UNTAC mission in Cambodia.
1993 Participated in COMSA mission in South Africa.
1993 Special Branch was disbanded and three-fourth of the personnel were absorbed into the newly formed Internal Security Department.
1995 RBPF reorganised its administrative structure.
1996 RBPF celebrated its Diamond Jubilee.
1997 Created additional Police District known as Jerudong Police District and upgraded its Traffic Division into Traffic Department.
2013 Royal Brunei Police Force 92nd Anniversary on January 1st since its establishment.

</doc>
<doc id="18251329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251329" title="Kwangmyong (network)">
Kwangmyong (network)

Kwangmyong (Chosŏn'gŭl: 광명; Hancha: 光明; ) is a North Korean "walled garden" national intranet opened in 2000. It may be accessed by web browsers, incorporates email services, news groups, and an internal web search engine.
In North Korea, only a small number of government-authorized persons are allowed to use the global Internet, so Kwangmyong is the only computer network available to common people. It is a free service for public use.
Detail.
"Kwangmyong" is designed to be used only within North Korea, and referred to as an "intranet". Kwangmyong prevents domestic users within North Korea to access foreign content or information and prevents the leakages of classified data. It functions as a form of information censorship, preventing undesirable information from being accessed. Thus, sensitive topics and information are unlikely to surface on Kwangmyong due to the absence of a link to the outside world and the censorship that occurs. Kwangmyong is maintained by government-related entities. However, large amounts of material from the Internet end up on Kwangmyong, following processing.
Coverage.
Kwangmyong is only accessible from within North Korea. Access is available within major cities and counties, as well as universities and major industrial and commercial organizations.
Network access.
Kwangmyong has 24-hour unlimited access by dial-up telephone line.
Languages.
The network uses Korean as the main interface language, and is maintained by more than 2,000 language experts, according to official information, in expanding services in Russian, Chinese, English, French, German and Japanese, in which there is a real-time, online translation service for the seven languages, with a database containing over 2,000,000 words, to assist users who may not be familiar with foreign languages.
Information control.
Given that there is no direct connection to the outside Internet, unwanted information cannot enter the network. Information is filtered and processed by government agencies before being hosted on the North Korean Intranet. Cuba and Myanmar also use a similar network system that is separated from the rest of the Internet, and Iran has been reported as having future plans to implement such a network.

</doc>
<doc id="18251355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251355" title="David Heatley">
David Heatley

David Heatley (born October 17, 1974) is an American cartoonist, illustrator, graphic designer and musician.
Biography.
Education.
Born in Teaneck, New Jersey, Heatley graduated from Teaneck High School in 1993. He graduated from the San Francisco Art Institute in 2000.
Comics.
Though he studied painting and filmmaking at Oberlin College, Heatley started drawing comics regularly in the late 1990s. Since then, his comics and illustrations have appeared on the cover of "The New Yorker", in "The New York Times", "McSweeney’s", "Mome", and "Kramers Ergot", among others. He has been featured three times in the "Best American Comics" series. Fantagraphics has published two issues of his solo comic book series, "Deadpan", and Pantheon Books released his first full-length book, "My Brain is Hanging Upside Down", in September 2008.
Music.
Heatley's high school band Velvet Cactus Society released two albums on Shimmy Disc in the early 1990s. In 2008 he recorded (under his own name) a soundtrack to his graphic novel "My Brain is Hanging Upside Down" featuring a cover of The Ramones song by the same name. The soundtrack was released on WonderSound records.
Personal life.
David Heatley played the baby Jesus at a Christmas pageant in 1974, months after he was born. A few years later, his family moved to teaneck, NJ, where they became disenchanted with Catholicism and joined an episcopal church which might have had the worst liturgical music in the country. Heatley was confirmed at age 13 and stopped going to church the following year. After a decade and a half of self-destructive behavior, he had a spiritual awakening while visiting California in 2001-about which, more later. Heatley now lives in Jackson heights, NY, with his wife Rebecca Gopoian (an agnostic, Jewish-Armenian poet), and their two children.
Inspiration.
Heatley lists among his influences Daniel Clowes, Gary Panter, Fort Thunder, and Paper Rad.

</doc>
<doc id="18251367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251367" title="Healthcare-NOW!">
Healthcare-NOW!

Healthcare-NOW! is a non-profit grassroots coalition in support of the single-payer health care movement for the United States. Healthcare-NOW!'s stated goal is to implement the United States National Health Care Act (HR 676, aka Expanded and Improved Medicare for All).
History.
Healthcare-NOW! was founded in 2004, originally under the name of the Campaign for a National Health Program NOW (CNHP NOW). The first meeting of the coalition was the Campaign for a National Health Program NOW Conference: "Health Care Crisis and Election of 2004." On August 31 and September 1, 2004, the conference was held as well as a rally during the Republican Convention.
Organizing methodology.
Healthcare-NOW! uses various community organizing methods. Strategies and ideas are developed through annual national strategy meetings with volunteer organizers and health care activists around the country, including Rep. John Conyers. In 2007, Healthcare-NOW launched traveling Road Shows promoting single payer reform, as well as co-sponsored an Annual Health Care Justice Vigil held each September in Washington D.C. Other techniques include "Sicko" House Parties and Truth Hearings. On June 19, 2008, Healthcare-NOW! joined efforts with other organizations, including the California Nurses Association, to initiate the National Day of Protest Against Health Insurance Companies. This National Day of Protest took place in 18 cities nation-wide in support of a single payer system.
It was a campaign mainly about public health care not private.
Personnel.
Healthcare-NOW is composed of 36 board members, in addition to the board of directors. The National Coordinator was Marilyn Clement.
Board Member co-chairs

</doc>
<doc id="18251376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251376" title="Nankivell">
Nankivell

Nankivell is a surname originating from Cornwall. Notable people with the surname include:
Origins.
The name derives from 'Nanskeval' a place on the parish boundaries of St Mawgan in Pydar and St Columb Major, which in 1277 was spelt Nanscuvel. Nanskeval house was once the home of Liberal MP Edward Brydges Willyams and is still part of the Carnanton estate which is still owned by descendants of the same family. "Nans" means 'valley' in Old Cornish, and "Kivell" is thought to derive from the Cornish equivalent of the Welsh word "ceffyl", meaning a horse.
References.
"Nankivell, a Family Affair" by Anne Williams (1986) ISBN 1-86252-120-4
South Dakota Archery Association Record Books, NFAA Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18251385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251385" title="21st Army (Soviet Union)">
21st Army (Soviet Union)

The Soviet 21st Army was a field army of the Red Army during World War II.
Operational history.
June to September 1941.
21st Army was a part of the Second Operational Echelon of the Red Army. It was formed from the forces of the Volga Military District in May 1941 and was initially based on 63rd Rifle Corps and 66th Rifle Corps. The army was under the command of Lieutenant-General Vasilii Gerasimenko, and its chief of staff was Major-General Vasilii Gordov. The commander of 63rd Rifle Corps was Lieutenant-General Leonid Petrovskii and the commander of 66th Rifle Corps was Major-General Fedor Sudakov. In early June the army was moved to the eastern fringes of the Pripyat Marshes south of Homel. At the outbreak of hostilities on 22 June the army was redeployed north to defend the right bank of the Dnepr between Rybchev and Stary-Bykhov. At the same time 25th Mechanised Corps, under the command of Major-General Semyon Krivoshein, was assigned to 21st Army from the Kharkov Military District. 
On 27 June 1941 it was proposed to Joseph Stalin that the Soviet armies (13th Army, 19th Army, 20th Army, 21st, 22nd Army) would defend the line going through the Daugava-Polotsk-Vitebsk-Orsha-Mogilev-Mazyr. On 2 July, 21st Army was subordinated to the command of Western Front. On 4 July, the 3rd Panzer Division crossed the Dnepr and established a bridgehead on the east bank near Rahachow. Relentless assaults made by 63rd Rifle Corps from 21st Army forced the Germans to evacuate the bridgehead two days later. On 6 July a battle-group from the 21st Army (led by the 117th Rifle Division) crossed the Dnepr at Zhlobin south of Rahachow and attacked in direction of Babruysk. The Soviet attack was repelled by the German 10th Motorized Division with help from 3rd Panzer Division as German forces closed to the Dnepr, taking Rahachow and Zhlobin by 7 July and isolating 66th Rifle Corps' 117th Rifle Division in the eastern fringes of the Pripyat Marshes.
On 13 July, 21st Army, by this time under the command of Colonel-General Fedor Kuznetsov, and reinforced with 67th Rifle Corps (commanded by Colonel Zhmachenkoas) and a cavalry group under the command of Colonel-General Oka Gorodovikov, went on the offensive again. Its 63rd Rifle Corps crossed Dnepr on pontoon bridges and recaptured Rahachow and Zhlobin, the first large towns to be retaken from German forces since the start of the invasion. Further south 232nd Division from 66th Rifle Corps under cover of woods, and with Gorodovikov's cavalry forces advancing off its left flank, gained 80 kilometres due west and took a bridgehead on Berezina river. The advance of 21st Army was brought to a halt after a few days by fresh German forces from the German Second Army moving east from Minsk after the final surrender of the Soviet frontier armies in western Belorussia. During the second half of July the frontline stabilised from southeast of Babruysk to the Dnepr north of Rahachow and along the Sozh.
On 24 July, 21st Army came under command of the newly formed Central Front. Fedor Kuznetsov was assigned to the command of this new Front, and Lieutenant-General Mikhail Eframov was assigned as the new commander of 21st Army. Subsequently 3rd Army, under the command of Lieutenant-General Vasilii Kuznetsov, was assigned to the frontline off the left flank of 21st Army in the Pripyat Marshes. By early August, 21st Army's defences were beginning to crumble against increasing pressure from Second Army. On 7 August Eframov moved to the command of Central Front and Gordov assumed command of 21st Army.
When on 12 August Krychaw was taken by the Guderian's 2nd Panzer Group, the 21st Army with its right flank severed began to withdraw to the east. Its new defensive position was to be on the line of river Desna. Zhlobin fell to Second Army on 14 August and the bridges over the Dnepr to the east of the town, though damaged, were taken in usable condition. Rahachow was taken by Second Army the next day and a sizable Soviet force, predominantly from 63 Rifle Corps, became trapped in the resultant pocket. The advance of Second Army towards Homel was slowed by counterattacks from 21st Army, but Gordov's army was being threatened with encirclement by the southward advance of 2nd Panzer Group from Krychaw. Homel was taken by forces from Second Army on 20 August but not before the bridges over the Sozh had been destroyed. On 25 August Central Front was disbanded; 21st Army and 3rd Army were merged, assigned to the newly created Bryansk Front, and, though the combined force was still designated 21st Army, Vasilii Kuznetsov was appointed to its command.
On 26 August German 2nd Panzer Group secured a bridgehead on the Desna's eastern bank near Novhorod-Siverskyi which threatened the eastern flank of 21st Army. Kuznetsov ordered a withdrawal over the river Desna. Unfortunately Kuznetsov did not inform the neighbouring Soviet units about his decision. Because of that 40th Army was forced to abort its attack on the German bridgehead near Novhorod-Siverskyi and the army commander, Major-General Kuzma Podlas, ordered a retreat to the southeast. Thus 21st Army, between South Western Front's 40th and 5th Armies was cut off from the forces of Bryansk Front. Kuznetsov can't be blamed for that decision because his army was at that point already beaten by German forces and in full retreat. In this situation on 6 September Kuznetsov's army was placed under the command of Southwestern Front. By then the advance by 2nd Panzer Group had forced a gap between South Western Front and Bryansk Front, and 21st Army, continuing to retreat to the south, became caught up in a vast encirclement that became the Battle of Kiev (1941). During the second week of September a significant portion of 21st Army was able to escape eastwards through gaps in 2nd Panzer Group’s lines between Priluki and Piriatin, but the bulk of the army found itself, together with the rest of South Western Front, in a tightening encirclement east of Kiev. Only a few thousand soldiers, mainly from 21st Army and 5th Army, together with 500 men from Kuznetsov's headquarters staff, escaped from the final encirclement of South Western Front in the second half of September.
October 1941 to May 1942.
On 26 September Colonel-General Yakov Cherevichenko was appointed to the command of the residual forces of 21st Army that had escaped encirclement at Kiev. The army grew rapidly in strength as reserves were fed into the Ukraine from the Soviet strategic reserve, so that by the beginning of October the army included three rifle divisions and five cavalry divisions. On 5 October Fedor Kuznetsov briefly resumed command of 21st Army. By then it had become clear to Soviet high command that the main thrust of the German autumn offensive would not be directed at the Kharkov – Belgorod axis, the defence of which was assigned to South Western Front. On 15 October command of 21st Army reverted once again to Gordov, and Major-General Aleksei Danilov was appointed as the army’s chief of staff. During October, under constant pressure from the German Sixth Army, 21st Army withdrew steadily to the east on the Belgorod axis north of Kharkov towards the upper Donets. Since the German mechanised forces had been directed towards Moscow and Rostov, Gordov’s forces easily avoided encirclement by the slow-moving infantry divisions of Sixth Army, and by early November the frontline had begun to stabilise along the upper Donets.
On 1 January 1942 21st Army, which by then included six rifle divisions, launched an offensive towards Oboyan against part of the German Sixth Army. This was part of a wider offensive by South Western Front and Southern Front to retake Kursk, Kharkov and the Donbas; the offensive in the Ukraine being part of a general winter offensive by the Red Army that stretched from the Baltic to the Black Sea. By 3 January, the 21st Army, in conjunction with 40th Army further north, was involved in heavy fighting on the line of the Seym river, and the next day Gordov’s forces cut the Belgorod - Kursk road and began to close in on Oboyan. However, by 5 January the progress of 21st Army had stalled after a series of counterattacks by Sixth Army. On 10 January Sixth Army attacked 21st Army’s right flank north of Oboyan and also attacked the army’s positions south of the town. Gordov could not prevent German forces from breaking through his lines and threatening the rear of his forward units. This German counterattack brought South Western Front’s offensive north of Kharkov to an end and placed 21st Army on the defensive along the upper Donets for the rest of the winter and spring.
On 12 May 1942 South Western Front launched a renewed offensive to take Kharkov. 21st Army was to be part of the northern arm of an attempt to encircle the city from north and south. In conjunction with 28th Army on its left, Gordov’s forces attacked XVII Army Corps of the German Sixth Army. For several days it seemed that a breakthrough against XVII Army Corps might be possible, but a reserve Soviet cavalry corps was not available in time to support the offensive and the Soviet advance stalled short of Kharkov in the face of effective German defences.
June 1942 to April 1943.
By late June 1942, 21st Army, with nine rifle divisions and a tank corps, occupied the northern flank of Southwestern Front along 100 kilometres of frontline east of Belgorod. Gordov’s army, facing the left flank of the German Sixth Army and the right flank of the newly introduced Hungarian Second Army, was still flanked on its right by 40th Army, but 40th Army at this time constituted the southern wing of Bryansk Front which was responsible for the defence of the Voronezh axis.
On 28 June the main German strategic offensive of 1942, Case Blue, began. The initial German objectives were to break through the left wing of Bryansk Front in an advance to the Don at Voronezh, and, further south, to then break through the left wing of 21st Army in an advance towards Stary Oskol that would encircle 21st Army and 40th Army. Subsequently German mechanised forces would advance down the right bank of the Don in order to encircle South Western Front, and would develop the offensive into the great bend of the Don and across the lower Don in order to encircle Southern Front, interdict the Volga river traffic at Stalingrad and secure the oilfields at Maikop.
Within days of the opening of the German offensive, the right wing and centre of 40th Army had disintegrated and German mechanised forces were advancing rapidly towards Voronezh. On 30 June, XL Panzer Corps, subordinated to the German Sixth Army, struck 21st Army’s left flank 40 kilometres southeast of Belgorod. At the same time German mechanised forces that had broken through the centre of 40th Army began to move towards Stary Oskol. On 1 July, with XL Panzer Corps breaking through 21st Army’s lines and rendering the left wing of 40th Army and the bulk of 21st Army at risk of encirclement, Gordov was given permission to withdraw to the east. Making effective use of rearguards, Gordov and his staff managed to slow the German advance sufficiently to enable the bulk of 21st Army to reach the Don in the Liski area, and to withdraw to the relative safety of the left bank of the river.
On 12 July, as 21st Army was being deployed further south to defend the left bank of the Don bend in the Serafimovich - Kletskaya sector, Gordov was assigned to the command of one of three reserve armies that had been activated and were in the process of being deployed to the Don. Danilov was then assigned to the command of 21st Army and Colonel Valentin Penskovskii became the army’s chief of staff. On 26 July, the 21st Army crossed the Don to attack German Sixth Army positions on the right bank of the river in the Serafimovich - Kletskaya sector. This attack was made to support the Soviet 62nd Army which was under severe pressure from Sixth Army in the Don bend, but the attack was only partially successful and by early August the offensive had stalled. Yet it left Danilov’s forces in control of substantial bridgeheads on the right bank of the river at Serafimovich and Kletskaya, bridgeheads that the over-stretched Sixth Army did not have the resources to eliminate. By the fourth week of July Sixth Army had secured bridgeheads on the left bank of the Don at its eastern extremity, and were preparing for an advance across the narrow strip of land to the Volga north of Stalingrad. In conjunction with other Soviet forces facing Sixth Army, 21st Army launched desperate attacks on Sixth Army’s positions to try to relieve the pressure on 62nd Army’s defences on the left bank of the Don. These attacks failed to prevent Sixth Army from reaching the Volga, but 21st Army managed to enlarge its bridgehead at Serafimovich.
During August and September, as the battle for the city of Stalingrad progressed, 21st Army maintained the pressure on Sixth Army’s positions on the right bank of the Don. During October the Rumanian Third Army replaced German divisions defending the northern sector of the Don bend, but the Rumanians were unable to prevent 21st Army from further enlarging the Serafimovich bridgehead. Soviet high command had decided to use the Serafimovich bridgehead to launch a major offensive (codenamed Uranus) to the southeast which, in conjunction with an offensive from Soviet positions south of Stalingrad, would strike into the flanks of Sixth Army to end the siege of the city. At the beginning of November Major-General Ivan Chistiakov replaced Danilov as commander of 21st Army. (Penskovskii, promoted in October to the rank of Major-General, remained as the army’s chief of staff). Subsequently 21st Army was reinforced with a tank corps and an elite cavalry corps. By then the army’s bridgehead on the right bank of the Don was 50 kilometres long stretching from west of Serafimovich to east of Kletskaya. During November, 21st Army relinquished control of the Serafimovich sector of the bridgehead to the newly arrived 5th Tank Army. This tank army and the mobile forces of 21st Army were to spearhead the encirclement drive from the north.
Operation Uranus began in freezing fog on the morning of 19 November. By midday, though 6th Rumanian Infantry Division on 21st Army’s right flank held its ground, the resistance of the other Rumanian forces facing 21st Army began to crumble and the army’s mobile corps were committed to the offensive. By mid afternoon 21st Army’s two mobile corps had broken through the Rumanian lines, and, as the cavalry corps turned east to attack the flank of Sixth Army’s XI Army Corps, the tank corps advanced rapidly to the southeast in parallel with a tank corps from 5th Tank Army. On 21 November, the 21st Army’s tank corps reached the Don near its eastern extremity and deep in Sixth Army’s rear. The next day, further south, the tank corps from 5th Tank Army crossed the Don, and on 23 November linked up with mechanised forces from the Soviet’s southern offensive. The whole of the German Sixth Army was surrounded in, and west of, Stalingrad, and five divisions of the Rumanian Third Army were encircled between the right wing of 21st Army and the left wing of 5th Tank Army in the Verkhe Fomikhinsky – Raspopinskaya area.
Soviet commanders moved rapidly to secure the encirclement of Sixth Army. While part of 21st Army was committed to the subjugation of the surrounded Rumanian divisions on its right flank, the rest of the army advanced south and east into the Don bend. Sixth Army did not try to defend the right bank of the Don; the army’s XI Army Corps had pull back to the left bank by 26 November and over the next few days pulled back further to the east to form part of a tighter defensive perimeter. Chistiakov’s forces followed to form the western face of the Stalingrad encirclement, an encirclement that included a further six Soviet armies. In all, 22 Axis divisions were caught in the Stalingrad encirclement east of the Don. This was a far larger force than the Soviet high command had expected to ensnare, and throughout December piecemeal Soviet attacks on the Stalingrad perimeter achieved little. To break through the German defences a carefully prepared and coordinated offensive would be required. By the beginning of January 1943 the Soviet armies of the Stalingrad perimeter had been brought under one Front command (Don Front), and the general offensive (Operation Ring) began on 10 January. By this time the combat effectiveness of Sixth Army had been eroded by shortages of food, fuel and ammunition, yet the attacks against most of the perimeter made little progress. Only on the western and north-western face of the perimeter, where the German defences were weakest, was significant progress made by 21st Army and its neighbouring 65th Army. Six days later Pitomnik, the larger of Sixth Army’s two major airbases, was taken, and Gumrak, the second airbase fell on 22 January. Four days later forces from 21st Army, advancing towards Stalingrad from the west, met forces from 62nd Army which had broken through the centre of the city to its western outskirts. Sixth Army was cut in two, and by early February the last German forces in the city had surrendered.
Within days of Sixth Army’s surrender, preparations were underway for the deployment of several of the Soviet armies from the Stalingrad battle, including 21st Army, north to the Livny area to assist in a major offensive towards Kursk. Chistiakov’s divisions did not begin to arrive in the Livny area until the second week in March by which time, instead of being committed to the offensive, they were deployed to the Oboyan area to defend against German mechanised forces that were threatening to advance north from Belgorod. Over the subsequent weeks the defensive positions of 21st Army south of Oboyan were to become the southern face of the Kursk salient.
At the beginning of May 1943 the designation of Chistiakov’s army, in recognition of the part it had played in the battle of Stalingrad, was changed from 21st Army to 6th Guards Army. This change of designation was not made public until July.
July to October 1943.
On 12 July 1943 the 3rd Reserve Army, part of the Red Army’s strategic reserve, was designated as the new formation of 21st Army. On 23 July it was transferred from the reserve to the operational army and at the beginning of August was assigned to Western Front to participate in an offensive to retake Smolensk (Operation Suvorov). At that time the army, under the command of Lieutenant-General Nikolai Krylov (chief of staff - Major-General Pavel Tikhomirov), included eight rifle divisions. The first phase of Operation Suvorov began on 7 August (without 21st Army’s initial participation) but made little progress. Spas Demensk was taken on 13 August but thereafter the offensive began to stall. Changing the axis of the offensive from southwest towards Roslavl to a westerly offensive towards Elnia, Western Front renewed its efforts on 28 August using 21st Army and 10th Guards Army to spearhead the attack. Elnia was taken three days later, but 21st Army was unable to advance further to the west. Western Front ordered another operational pause until mid-September. By the time the offensive was resumed on 14 September, the defending German Fourth Army had been so weakened by the transfer of forces to other sectors of the frontline, that it made no determined attempt to defend its positions. Instead, it began a planned withdrawal to more defensible positions east of Orsha. As Fourth Army withdrew, Western Front’s armies followed, and in the second half of September, 21st Army advanced 140 kilometres west from Elnia to the Belorussian border southwest of Krasnii where it was stopped by determined German resistance in prepared positions.
At the end of October, 21st Army Headquarters was returned to the high command reserve, the army’s rifle divisions having been assigned to Western Front’s 33rd Army and 68th Army.
May to September 1944.
After the failure of armistice negations between the Soviets and the Finns in the spring of 1944, Soviet high command began preparations for an offensive in eastern Karelia and in the Karelian Isthmus to retake territory lost to the Finns in 1941. At the beginning of May 1944 the headquarters of 21st Army, under the command of Lieutenant-General Dmitrii Gusev, was assigned from the reserves to Leningrad Front. Its task was to take command of forces facing the Finnish army’s IV Corps in the western half of the frontline in the Karelian Isthmus north of Leningrad. The offensive was planned to begin in early June, by which time 21st Army included nine rifle divisions subordinated to three rifle corps headquarters. On 9 June, 21st Army, supported by the guns of the Soviet Baltic Fleet, opened a massive artillery barrage against IV Corps’ positions. The next day, after a further artillery barrage, the ground assault, with ample air and armoured support, was launched. By the end of the day IV Corps was being pushed back to its second defence line and the Finns were obliged to send in reinforcements to try to stabilise the position. On 11 June, 23rd Army on the eastern half of the Karelian Isthmus frontline opened its attack on the Finnish III Corps’ defences. By 15 June the western sector of IV Corps’ second line defences had been breached. Finnish high command ordered its forces to withdraw to a third defence line based on the Vuoski river. This defence line also ran to the north and northeast of the important city and seaport of Vyborg. Following IV Corps’ withdrawal, 21st Army advanced north and on 20 June took Vyborg against negligible resistance.
Gusev, who was promoted to the rank of colonel-general on 18 June, was ordered to continue the offensive further north to break the Finnish defences at the villages of Tali northeast of Vyborg and at Ihantala north of Vyborg. The renewed offensive began on 25 June against IV Corps’ defences in the Tali area. After four days of intense fighting, during which both sides fed reserves into the battle, the Finns were pushed back, but their lines did not break. On 3 July, 21st Army attacked Finnish defensive positions at Ihantala, but the attack had been anticipated by the Finns and after several days of effort, 21st Army’s forces had made few gains. By 6 July, after four weeks of intense fighting and after having sustained heavy casualties, 21st Army’s offensive capacity was exhausted. Within days some of 21st Army’s best units were being withdrawn for deployment to other Soviet armies further south, and by mid-July the offensive in the Karelian Isthmus had been terminated. 21st Army remained with Leningrad Front until the end of September 1944, when it was again returned to the high command reserve.
November 1944 to May 1945.
On 11 December 1944 21st Army was assigned to 1st Ukrainian Front from the high command reserve. From this date 21st Army remained operationally active throughout the remainder of the war. (In November, 21st Army had been briefly assigned to the operational army before being returned once again to the high command reserve). Dmitrii Gusev was still the army commander, and the army chief of staff was Major-General Georgii Bukhovets. (Bukhovets had replaced Major-General Victor Petukhov as chief of staff in June 1944). In December 1944, 1st Ukrainian Front occupied a largely static frontline in southern Poland, a frontline that had changed little since the autumn. The Front’s main offensive efforts during that time had been directed towards expanding a bridgehead over the Vistula in the Sandomierz area, and in attempting to advance its left wing through the northern Carpathians into Slovakia. However, Soviet high command was planning a major offensive in Poland, and by December that planning was well advanced.
The offensive opened in the early morning of 12 January 1945 in a breakout from the Sandomierz bridgehead. Gusev’s forces were not part of the breakout effort; 21st Army was one of 1st Ukrainian Front’s reserve armies and it was not committed to action until 17 January. By that time 1st Ukrainian Front had advanced deep into southern Poland, and 21st Army was deployed against the German Seventeenth Army in the Miechow area for an attack towards Zawiercie and subsequently Tarnowskie Gory in order to outflank the Katowice industrial area from the north. For this task 21st Army was reinforced with a tank corps and with an elite cavalry corps, and by 23 January it had bypassed German forces in Silesia from the north, its right wing having reached the Oder near Opole, and its left flank having reached Tarnowskie Gory. From Opole 21st Army’s cavalry corps, in conjunction with mechanised forces from a Soviet tank army, was turned to the southeast into the German rear and down the right bank of the Oder towards Raciborz. Meanwhile the rest of 21st Army ceased its outflanking move to the west and attacked east towards Katowice. This manoeuvre, made in conjunction with a westerly advance further south by 4th Ukrainian Front, threatened German forces in the Katowice industrial area with encirclement and forced their withdrawal by 29 January.
Thereafter the priority for 1st Ukrainian Front was to cross the Oder and to advance to the river Neisse, from where it was planned it would launch its final offensive towards Dresden and central Germany. By early February, 1st Ukrainian Front had established two bridgeheads over the Oder at Scinawa Mala (formerly Steinau), which was downriver from Wroclaw (formerly Breslau), and at Brzeg, which was between Wroclaw and Opole. Both 5th Guards Army and 21st Army were concentrated into the southern bridgehead, with 21st Army on the left wing. The breakout from the northern bridgehead began on 8 February and within days had forced a gap of more than 100 kilometres in the German lines. The breakout from the Brzeg bridgehead against the German Seventeenth Army began on 14 February. 5th Guards Army advanced to the west and northwest to encircle the substantial German garrison at Wroclaw, and 21st Army advanced to the southwest towards Grodkow. The subsequent advance of 21st Army was modest compared to that made by the armies of 1st Ukrainian Front further west. As the axis of 1st Ukrainian Front’s offensive shifted to the west, 21st Army found itself on a relatively inactive sector of the frontline. It was not until mid-March that 1st Ukrainian Front was able to deploy sufficient forces to its left flank to conduct an offensive there. By then the Front was ready to mount a combined attack north and south of Opole towards the Prudnik area, an attack that was expected to outflank much of Seventeenth Army. The northern force, which included 21st Army, was to attack southwest from the Grodkow area. The southern force would attack to the west from the Kedzierzyn-Kozle area. Within four days a number of German divisions in the Opole area had been destroyed by this offensive and by the end of the month 21st Army occupied a 70 kilometre sector of the frontline some 40 kilometres southwest of Wroclaw. In April this frontline stabilised again as 1st Ukrainian Front’s resources were directed to the west for the impending offensive across the Neisse into central Germany.
In early May, as representatives of the German government were beginning to discuss with the Allies a general surrender of German forces, Soviet high command decided to launch a final offensive against Army Group Centre. The main objective was the capture of Prague, but other Soviet armies facing Army Group Centre’s frontline further east, including 21st Army, were required to participate in placing the whole of Army Group Centre under pressure. The hurriedly prepared offensive by more than twenty Soviet armies was launched on 5 May and made rapid progress everywhere. Over the subsequent four days 21st Army advanced 70 kilometres, taking Walbrzych and crossing the Czech border to reach Jaromerz by the war’s end on 9 May.
21st Army Order of Battle on 22 June 1941.
Source: Leo Niehorster
Commander: Lieutenant-General Vasilii Gerasimenko
Infantry Forces:
63rd Rifle Corps:- Lieutenant-General Leonid Petrovskii
66th Rifle Corps:- Major-General Fedor Sudakov
Artillery:
Mechanised Forces:
25th Mechanized Corps:- Major-General Semen Krivoshein

</doc>
<doc id="18251416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251416" title="Kaboom (book)">
Kaboom (book)

"Kaboom: A Soldier's War Journal" was a popular military blog from November 2007 to June 2008, before it was shut down by the writer's military chain-of-command. The author of the online journal, who went by the pseudonym of LT G, wrote about the front-line experiences in the Iraq War as a United States Army soldier. A scout platoon leader, LT G often incorporated the trials and tribulations of his platoon in his writings, offering a brash and brutally honest perspective of modern warfare. "Kaboom" was shut down, and subsequently deleted, after LT G made a post detailing his turning down of a promotion in an effort to stay with his soldiers.
Before "Kaboom" was shut down, it was one of the few military blogs to garner attention and press coverage from the print media. This can be attributed to LT G's literary writing style. In a nationally published story chronicling the rise and fall of "Kaboom", LT G was revealed to be Matt Gallagher, a young Army officer who had been promoted to captain soon after his blog was shut down.
"Kaboom: Embracing the Suck in a Savage Little War".
In August 2008, Gallagher signed with Wm Clark Associates, a literary agency based out of New York City. In May 2009, Da Capo Press announced they had signed Gallagher to a book deal. The book, entitled "Kaboom: Embracing the Suck in a Savage Little War", was published on April 1, 2010, to critical acclaim. A war memoir that blends traditional memoir and creative nonfiction techniques, "Kaboom" chronicles Gallagher's entire fifteen-month deployment with 2-14 Cavalry and 1-27 Infantry during the Surge.
Noted Middle Eastern scholar and author Andrew Exum wrote that "Kaboom" "may well be the best memoir to have been written about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan ... "Kaboom" is laugh-out loud funny. And brutal." And Patrick Hennessey, author of The Junior Officers' Reading Club, wrote in "The Financial Times" that "Kaboom" is "Surely the "Jarhead" of the second Gulf war."

</doc>
<doc id="18251420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251420" title="Tagus Ranch">
Tagus Ranch

Tagus Ranch is located less than 3 miles north of Tulare, California. Tagus Ranch was a prisoner of war camp during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="18251428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251428" title="Gerard Bancker">
Gerard Bancker

Gerard Bancker (sometimes Latin Gerardus, or colloquial Dutch Gerrit) (14 February 1740, Albany, New York – January 1799) was an American surveyor and politician.
Life.
Bancker was the son of Gerard Bancker Sr. and Maria de Peyster, who had married in New York City in 1731. 
In 1774, as city surveyor, he made a map of St. George's Ferry on Nassau Island.
He was Deputy Treasurer from 1776 to 1778, and New York State Treasurer from 1778 to 1798.
He collected a large number of broadsides from the revolutionary era which were sold at auction in 1898 in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="18251472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251472" title="Aventinus (beer)">
Aventinus (beer)

Aventinus is a strong, dark, wheat doppelbock made in Bavaria, Germany by the brewery company G. Schneider & Sohn.
This beer was introduced in 1907 by Mathilde Schneider. This beer is named in honor of Johannes Aventinus, a Bavarian historian.
It has an original gravity of 18.5 degrees Plato.

</doc>
<doc id="18251484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251484" title="One Day as a Lion">
One Day as a Lion

One Day as a Lion is a music project that was started in 2008 by Zack de la Rocha, the vocalist of Rage Against the Machine and Jon Theodore, former drummer of The Mars Volta and current drummer of Queens of the Stone Age. The duo blends elements of rock and rap. One Day as a Lion released their eponymous debut EP in July 2008.
History.
Zack de la Rocha had known Jon Theodore for several years before the band was formed and was very impressed with his skills as a drummer, comparing him to John Bonham and Elvin Jones. The duo first started playing together at a mutual friends rehearsal room with Theodore on drums and de la Rocha playing an old Rhodes Mark 1 keyboard through a delay pedal and an old metal amplifier. The band's name was taken from an infamous black and white graffiti photograph taken by Chicano photographer George Rodriguez in 1970 reading "It's better to live one day as a lion, than a thousand years as a lamb." This comes from a minatory slogan popular during the 1930s in Fascist Italy, "Better one day as a lion than a hundred days as a sheep." The saying is an allusion to Psalms 84:10, "Better is one day in your courts than a thousand elsewhere." The band had soon written a number of songs and signed with Bad Religion guitarist and co-founder Brett Gurewitz's record label ANTI-.
On July 16, 2008, the song "Wild International" was made available to stream on the band's MySpace profile and was given its Australian radio premiere by Triple J and American radio premiere by KROQ. The band's eponymous debut EP was released on July 18, 2008 in Australia and four days later in the US, and was also released on iTunes. The vinyl version was released on October 7, 2008. The EP placed as the 28 album of the week, selling 17,000 copies in its first week. The album has sold extremely well for a five track EP.
On 11 August 2008, de la Rocha spoke to the Los Angeles Times about the new project, his first interview in over eight years. He revealed that a full-length album was scheduled for an Autumn 2008 release, and stated that they "want to play shows and be a band and go out and start some noise". He also mentions adding members to the group, revealing "We're still in the process of forming as a band - we need a keyboard player, I'm not good enough to do it all myself - so that will be rectified soon".
On June 1, 2010, One Day as a Lion announced that they would play their first festival show at the Fuji Rock Festival in July via MySpace. On July 17 and 18, the band performed live for the first time in Pomona, California, with Joey Karam of The Locust on keys. 
During their Australian tour in January 2011, One Day as a Lion dedicated 100% of their Melbourne show's proceeds to the Queensland flood relief. In an interview that same month, drummer Jon Theodore confirmed the official addition of Joey Karam to the band, and that a sophomore album was in the works. 

</doc>
<doc id="18251493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251493" title="Maria Borodakova">
Maria Borodakova

Maria Borodakova (born 8 March 1986) is a female volleyball player from Russia, playing as a middle-blocker. She was a member of the Women's National Team that won the gold medal at the 2006 FIVB Women's World Championship.
Career.
Maria won the bronze medal and the Best Best Blocker award at the 2011-12 CEV Champions League, after her Russian team Dinamo Kazan defeated Italian MC-Carnaghi Villa Cortese.

</doc>
<doc id="18251498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251498" title="Indonesian National Police">
Indonesian National Police

The Indonesian National Police () is the official police force for Indonesia. It had formerly been a part of the Indonesian National Armed Forces. The police were formally separated from the military in April 1999, a process which was formally completed in July 2000. With 150,000 personnel, the police form a much smaller portion of the population than in most nations. The total number of national and local police in 2006 was approximately 470,000.
The strength of the Indonesian National Police stood at approximately 285,000 in 2004. The national police force was formally separated as a branch of the armed forces and placed under the Office of the President in 1999. It also includes 12,000 marine police and an estimated 40,000 People’s Security (Kamra) trainees who serve as a police auxiliary and report for three weeks of basic training each year.
The headquarters, known as "Markas Besar/Mabes" in Indonesian, is located in Kebayoran Baru, South Jakarta.
History.
When large parts of Indonesia was under Dutch colonial occupation until 1940s, police duties were performed by either military establishments or colonial police known as the "veldpolitie" or the field police. Japanese occupation during WW II brought changes when the Japanese formed various armed organizations to support their war. This had led to the distribution of weapons to military trained youths, which were largely confiscated from the Dutch armory.
After the Japanese occupation, the national police became an armed organization. The Indonesian police was established in 1946, and its units fought in the Indonesian National Revolution against the invading Dutch forces. The police also participated in suppressing the 1948 communist revolt in Madiun. In 1966, the police was brought under the control of Armed Forces Chief. Following the proclamation of independence, the police played a vital role when they actively supported the people’s movement to dismantle the Japanese army, and to strengthen the defense of the newly created Republic of Indonesia. The police were not combatants who were required to surrender their weapons to the Allied Forces. During the revolution of independence, the police gradually formed into what is now known as "Kepolisian Negara Republik Indonesia" (Polri) or the Indonesian National Police. In 2000, the police force officially regained its independence and now is separate from the military.
Notable service branches.
Mobile Brigade.
The Mobile Brigade Police force of Indonesia is the elite force of the Indonesian Police Force which is usually referred as the special force for the Indonesian Police, it is a more special force for dealing in paramilitary and other kinds of conflicts which normal Police can't take action against it.
Detachment 88.
The Detachment 88 (88") is a special force of the Indonesian armed forces in dealing with terrorism
Traffic police.
The Traffic Police or in Indonesian language known as "Polisi Lalulintas" is a police service which have specialty in duty for directing, controlling, and to take action in traffic situations in the streets, roads, and highway.
Indonesian Coast and Sea Guarding Police Force.
The Indonesian Coast and Sea Guarding Police Force or in Indonesian language known as "Polisi Perairan" is a police force in Indonesia which guards and secures the sea and coast of Indonesia.
Sabhara.
Sabhara or Samapta is the most public Police force in Indonesia which has duties to law enforce, and to protect and serve.
PHH.
The PHH is an abbreviation to "Polisi Huru-Hara", this police force is known as the Riot Police of Indonesia.
Tourism Police.
The tourism Police or in Indonesian language known as "Polisi Turis" is a police service for tourist purposes.
Railway Police.
The railway police (Indonesian: "POLSUSKA" - "Polisi Khusus Kereta Api") is police for train and railway service. This police force usually guards inside Trains and train stations.
Vital Object Protection.
The Vital Object Protection of Indonesian National Police is an Indonesian police force for vital protection and usually secures international embassies in Indonesia. It is known in Indonesian as "Polisi Kedutaan".
Airport Police.
The Airport Police (Indonesian: "Polisi Bandara") is a police service which law enforce in Airports of the country
Gegana.
Gegana is a special police force of Indonesia which has the ability to deal with explosives and bombings that would attack the public.
Bareskrim.
Bareskrim ("Badan Reserse Kriminal", lit. "Criminal Investigation Agency") is an interior police force which works in the headquarters of the Indonesian police force, its main duty is to investigate criminal activity and crime identification
Organization.
Polri is a centralised national bureaucracy. As a national agency it has a large central headquarters in Jakarta (Markas Besar Polri or Mabes Polri). The regional police organisation parallels exactly the hierarchy of the Indonesian civic administration, with provincial police commands (Polisi Daerah or Polda) to cover provinces, district commands (Polisi Resor or Polres) for districts, sub-district commands (Polsek) and community police officers or Polmas to service individual villages.
There is a similar law enforcement force in Indonesia that shares similar duties for the country with the Indonesian National Police, the law enforcement is known as Civil Service Police Unit or known in the Indonesian Language as "Satpol PP"
There are confusing terminological differences between some police commands. This derives from certain normative features of Indonesian governance. Indonesian political culture elevates the capital district (ibukota propinsi) of a province from other districts in the same province, though all have the same functional powers. Similarly, the capital province of the country (Jakarta), enjoys special normative status over other provinces – though in practice all have the same governmental responsibilities. The Indonesian police structure continues this by creating a special command for the province of Jakarta (Polda Metro Jaya), and special commands for capital city districts and cities (Polisi Kota Besar or Poltabes). Nevertheless, all of Indonesia’s police district commands (whether they are a Polres or Poltabes) and all the provincial commands (whether it is the flagship Polda Metro Jaya or one of the other Poldas) have the same powers and duties.
As an additional complication, super large provinces like East, West and Central Java have intermediary coordinating commands (Polisi Wilayah or Polwil) designed to enhance coordination between provincial commands and districts (to illustrate, Polda Jawa Barat in West Java has no less than 29 district commands – a major challenge for command and control). However Polri has a stated commitment to dismantle these Polwil in the near future.
Internal police culture is doctrinaire and hierarchical, and the organisation reflects this. The design and duties of Poldas and Polres are determined by central edict. Current standing orders determine that all provincial police are divided into three streams A1 (Polda Metro Jaya), B1 (demographically large provinces like East, Central and West Java) and B2 (smaller provinces like Yogyakarta, or West Kalimantan). The structure of these Poldas is more or less the same, with each possessing: a directorate of detectives, narcotics, traffic police, intelligence, specialist operational units (such as Brimob – the paramilitary police strikeforce, water police, and other units), as well as support detachments like the provosts, Binamitra (social relations police), etc. What truly differentiates Poldas is their resource base. Within Polri a tripartite matrix is applied to allocate personnel, money and equipment. This matrix is based upon a provinces’ square area, population size and reported crime rate. The same matrix is also applied to divide resources between Polres.
Turning to examine the Polres, the Polres is in essence the backbone of the Indonesian police – it bridges the purely operational units (Polsek), with the higher planning/strategic elements of the structure (the Polda). In the Indonesian police a Polres is termed the Komando Satuan Dasar (or Basic Unit of Command); this means that a Polres has substantial autonomy to implement its own activities and mount its own operations.
Regarding the structure of a Polres, a Polres is in effect a scaled down version of a Polda. Below is a cross-section of an average B1 level Polres (discreetly termed Polres A), in the province of Yogyakarta. This data derives from a recent PhD dissertation. Polres A has fourteen separate detachments. Seven of these detachments can be described as support elements. These support elements consist of: an Operations Planning Section, a Community Policing Section, an Administration Section (providing human resource management, training coordination, etc.), a Telecommunications detachment (providing communications support), a Unit P3D (provosts - or the police who police the police), a Police Service Centre (for coordinating requests from the public), a Medical Support Group and the Polres Secretariat. Based on 2007 data, these support areas were staffed by 139 personnel. The largest support unit was the Polres Service Centre, with fifty one police. These seven support elements back up the work of Polres A’s seven other operational units (or Opsnal in Polri terminology) as well as the nineteen sub-district police precincts in this particular district.
The Opsnal and sub-district commands execute Polri’s operational tasks. Polres A has one Traffic Police Unit, one Vital/Strategic Object Protection Unit, one Police Patrol Unit, one Narcotics Investigation Unit, one Detective Unit, a special tourist protection taskforce and a Police Intelligence Unit. These detachments have a combined strength of 487 personnel. The largest numbers are in the patrol unit (178) and the traffic unit (143). Added to the Opsnal personnel at the Polres headquarters are 1288 other police in nineteen sub-district Polseks. In 2007 this gave Polres A a police-to-population ratio of around 1 police officer to 526 civilians. Thus the Polres has a relatively large number of personnel, split across a breadth of operational roles, with a teeth-to-tail ratio between operational versus support personnel that is surprisingly high.
The allocation of the budget in Polres A is also illuminating for determining where police priorities are. In 2007, Polres A had a planned budget of Rp.62.358 billion ($US 5,668,909). Of this Rp.56 billion or 90% was spent on wages and office expenses. Thus, as with most organisations, personnel costs absorb the lion’s share of resources. In terms of the operational budget some Rp.4 billion or 6% was spent on daily activities and special operations. The remaining 4% was divided between community policing, intelligence gathering and criminal investigation. Perhaps unsurprisingly then, resource shortages within the budget ensure little official money is directed to supporting operations.
Firearms.
The standard issue sidearm to all Indonesian National Police officers is the Taurus Model 82 revolver in .38 Special while policemen works for special units such as Detachment 88 or the Mobile Brigade are issued with the Glock 17 semi-auto pistol.
Heavy arms are always available to the Indonesian police officers, such as the Heckler & Koch MP5 sub-machine guns, Remington 870 shotguns, Steyr AUG assault rifles, M4 carbine or other weapons.
Ranks.
In the early years, the Polri used European police style ranks like inspector and commissioner. When the police were amalgamated with the military structure during the 1960s, the ranks changed to a military style such as Captain, Major and Colonel.
In the year 2000, when the Polri conducted the transition to a fully independent force out of the armed forces 2000, they use British style police ranks like Inspector and Superintendent. The Polri have returned to Dutch style ranks just like in the early years.
Uniform.
The National Police Force of Indonesia had changes for uniform colors about 3 times, the periods are:

</doc>
<doc id="18251528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251528" title="Ujjain Public School">
Ujjain Public School

Ujjain Public School is an English Medium Higher Secondary school located at Dewas Road, Ujjain, Madhya Pradesh, India, which is affiliated with the Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education. It was established in 1991 and now has classes from Nursery to Class XII. The current principal is Mr. Ashok Joshi.
In April 2009, in a rare achievement for the city of Ujjain, a student from UPS stood first in the entire state of Madhya Pradesh in the Higher Secondary School Certificate Examination for Class XII.

</doc>
<doc id="18251535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251535" title="Marina Akulova">
Marina Akulova

Marina Akulova () (born 13 December 1985 in Chelyabinsk) is a female volleyball player from Russia, playing as a setter. She was a member of the Women's National Team that won the gold medal at the 2006 FIVB Women's World Championship.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18251542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251542" title="Mike Chabala">
Mike Chabala

Michael Shaun Chabala (born May 24, 1984) is an American soccer player.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Chabala played college soccer at the University of Washington, and also played with in the USL Premier Development League with both Yakima Reds and his hometown team, Fresno Fuego.
Professional.
Chabala was drafted in the fourth round (44th overall) of the 2006 MLS SuperDraft by Houston Dynamo. He was sent on loan to Portland Timbers of the USL First Division during his first year with the Dynamo, making nine appearances.
Having spent two years with Dynamo's reserves (where he made 24 starts and registered 12 assists, leading the MLS Reserve Division in 2007), Chabala finally made his full professional debut for Dynamo on July 10, 2007, in a US Open Cup third round game against Charleston Battery. He made his second first team appearance on July 1, 2008, again in a US Open Cup third round game against Charleston Battery. He also played on November 28, 2008 in a CONCACAF Champions League game against C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo, a game in which he played a full 90 minutes. 
After four years on the Houston roster, Chabala finally made his MLS debut on April 11, 2009 as an 80th minute substitute for Wade Barrett in a game against New York Red Bulls - and was given a red card for a 'serious foul play' 13 minutes later.
He was sent on loan to Austin Aztex on June 16, 2009. He returned in July and set career highs for games, starts, and minutes in the 2009 season.
On July 21, 2011, Chabala was traded to Portland Timbers along with Lovel Palmer for Adam Moffat and allocation money. Impressive performances and his interaction with club supporters made him a fast favorite with Portland fans.
Chabala was traded to D.C. United on August 9, 2012 in exchange for a first round 2014 MLS Supplemental Draft pick. After the conclusion of the 2012 season, D.C. declined the 2013 option on Chabala's contract and he entered the 2012 MLS Re-Entry Draft. Chabala became a free agent after he went undrafted in both rounds of the draft.
After trialling with Houston Dynamo, Chabala returned to Houston on February 25, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18251555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251555" title="American Credit Union Mortgage Association">
American Credit Union Mortgage Association

The American Credit Union Mortgage Association (ACUMA) is a U.S. trade organization for credit unions that are involved in the origination and securitization of real estate loans. ACUMA hosts industry conferences, provides testimony and media commentary on real estate-related issues before the United States Congress, produces the "ACUMA Pipeline" magazine, and coordinates educational initiatives relating to housing finance. The organization is headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="18251578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251578" title="List of Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim managers">
List of Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim managers

There have been 24 managers in the history of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Major League Baseball franchise. The Angels are based in Anaheim, California. They are members of the American League West division of the American League (AL) in Major League Baseball (MLB). The Angels franchise was formed in 1961 as a member of the American League. The team was formerly called the Los Angeles Angels, the California Angels, and the Anaheim Angels, before settling with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
Bill Rigney became the first manager of the then Los Angeles Angels in 1961, serving for just over eight seasons before being fired by Angels owner Gene Autry during the 1969 season. In terms of tenure, Mike Scioscia has managed more games and seasons than any other coach in franchise history. He managed the Angels to six playoff berths (2002, 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008, and 2009) led the team to a World Series championship in 2002, and won the Manager of the Year award in 2002 and 2009. With the Angels' 2009 Playoff appearance, Mike Scioscia became the first Major League Baseball manager "to guide his team to playoffs six times in first 10 seasons." None of Scioscia's predecessors made it to the World Series. Dick Williams and Whitey Herzog, who served as an interim manager immediately before Williams, are the only Angels managers to have been inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame.
There have been 16 interim managers in Angels history. In 1969, manager Bill Rigney was fired and replaced by Lefty Phillips. In 1974, manager Whitey Herzog replaced Bobby Winkles. After four games with Herzog at the helm, Dick Williams took over the managerial job, who was then replaced with Norm Sherry. A year later, Sherry was replaced by Dave Garcia. Garcia didn't last a full season either, as Jim Fregosi took over his job in 1978. In 1981, Fregosi was replaced in the mid-season by Gene Mauch. In 1988, manager Cookie Rojas was replaced eight games before the end of the season. After a start of 61 wins and 63 losses in 1991, manager Doug Rader was fired and was replaced by Buck Rodgers. A season later, Rodgers was replaced by Marcel Lachemann, who took the position for four games. He was then succeeded by John Wathan. Rodgers returned as manager in 1993, but he was soon replaced by Lachemann. In 1996, Lachemann was replaced by John McNamara, who in turn was replaced by Joe Maddon. In 1999, Terry Collins resigned as manager in the mid-season. Joe Maddon finished the season. Mauch, Rodgers, Lachemann, McNamara, and Maddon have had two stints as manager. The current manager of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim is Mike Scioscia, who has led the team since 2000.
Key.
</noinclude>
"Statistics are accurate through the 2009 Major League Baseball season."

</doc>
<doc id="18251592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251592" title="System Syn">
System Syn

System Syn is an electro-industrial and futurepop music group that began in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18251604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251604" title="2008–09 CEV Champions League">
2008–09 CEV Champions League

The CEV Champions League is the highest level of European club volleyball in the 2008–09 season.
Teams of the 2008–2009.
The number of participants on the basis of ranking list for European Cup Competitions:
Main Phase.
24 teams will be drawn to 6 pools of 4 teams each.
The 1st – 2nd ranked and four with best score 3rd teams ranked will qualify for the Play-off 1/8 finals.
The 2 remaining 3rd ranked teams and the two 4th ranked teams with the best score move to CEV Cup. The remaining 4th ranked teams are eliminated.
Pool A.
November 5, 2008
November 11–12, 2008
December 9–10, 2008
December 17, 2008
January 14, 2009
January 21, 2009
Pool B.
November 4–5, 2008
November 12, 2008
December 10–11, 2008
December 17, 2008
January 13–14, 2008
January 21, 2008
Pool C.
November 5, 2008
November 12–13, 2008
December 10–11, 2008
December 16–17, 2008
January 13–14, 2009
January 21, 2009
Pool D.
November 4–6, 2008
November 11–12, 2008
December 10–11, 2008
December 18, 2008
January 13–15, 2008
January 21, 2008
Pool E.
November 4, 2008
November 11–12, 2008
December 10, 2008
December 16–17, 2008
January 14, 2009
January 21, 2009
Pool F.
November 4–5, 2008
November 13, 2008
December 10–11, 2008
December 17–18, 2008
January 13–14, 2009
January 21, 2009
1 / 8 Finals.
First leg.
February 11–12, 2009
Second leg.
February 18–19, 2009
1 / 4 Finals.
First leg.
March 3–4, 2009
Second leg.
March 11–12, 2009
Final four.
O2 Arena, Prague, Czech Republic, 4 & 5 April 2009
Semi-finals.
April 4, 2009
3rd Place.
April 5, 2009
Final.
April 5, 2009
Individual awards Final Four.
Winners:

</doc>
<doc id="18251611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251611" title="Scripps Networks Interactive">
Scripps Networks Interactive

Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. is an American media company formed on July 1, 2008, when the E. W. Scripps Company spun off its cable television division as a publicly traded company. Since launching HGTV in 1994, Scripps diversified into lifestyle media, developing relevant content for television, Internet satellite radio, books, magazines, and on emerging media platforms. In addition to HGTV, its lifestyle media brands include Food Network, DIY Network, Cooking Channel, Travel Channel and Great American Country (GAC).
Scripps is headquartered in Knoxville, Tennessee. The company has additional office locations in New York City; Los Angeles; Chicago; San Francisco; Chevy Chase, Maryland; Atlanta; Detroit; Nashville; Cincinnati and an office in London (UK).
Scripps' Chairman, President and CEO is Kenneth W. Lowe, who founded HGTV in 1994.
Company History.
Scripps Networks Interactive’s roots began in 1993, when the E. W. Scripps Company announced it would launch a 24-hour cable network in the fall of 1994. On December 30, 1994 HGTV went on the air to 6.5 million homes in 50 markets.
In 1995, the official opening for HGTV’s new headquarters in Knoxville took place. The network reached into 10 million homes on November 1 of that year, launched in Canada and online with HGTV.com in 1996, and hit the 25 million subscriber mark in 1997.
Also in 1997, Scripps added its second network with the acquisition of Food Network. The year also saw HGTV execute its first HGTV Dream Home Giveaway, which received more than 1.2 million entries from across the USA. By 2011, the number of entries had grown to nearly 80 million.
In 1999 Scripps launched DIY Network, described as the "go-to destination for rip-up, knock-out home improvement television." With three brands now under the Scripps umbrella, a $12 million addition was made to the company’s headquarters in Knoxville to provide the infrastructure and technology to support the networks’ growth.
Both HGTV (in November 2002) and Food Network (in September 2003) reached full distribution with 80 million subscribers apiece, while Food Network followed HGTV’s footprint into Canada by launching Food Network Canada at the end of 2002.
The first half of the decade also saw Scripps add its fourth and fifth networks to its mix, Fine Living Network (2002) and Great American Country (GAC-2004). A few months after the GAC acquisition, Scripps announced the move of the network’s headquarters from Denver, Colorado to Nashville, Tennessee.
In 2008, Scripps Networks Interactive split from the E.W. Scripps Company and received its own listing on the NYSE as ticker symbol SNI. The year also saw GAC reach 50 million subscribers, with DIY Network reaching the 50 million subscriber mark in 2009.
Scripps acquired a majority interest in the Travel Channel from Cox Communications for a reported $975 million in late 2009, and the following year rebranded Fine Living Network as Cooking Channel.
On February 8, 2011, the company's headquarters facility in Knoxville was awarded the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Gold certification, established by the U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC) and verified by the Green Building Certification Institute (GBCI).
In April 2011, Scripps announced the sale of Shopzilla to Symphony Technology Group for $165 million. Scripps, from within its Travel Channel unit also invested in Oyster.com—a hotel research and booking site.
On August 15, 2011, Virgin Media agreed to sell its 50% stake in UKTV to Scripps Networks Interactive in a deal worth £339m. Scripps paid £239m in cash, and about £100m to acquire the outstanding preferred stock and debt owed by UKTV to Virgin Media. Completion of the transaction was contingent on regulatory approvals in Ireland and Jersey, which as received on October 3, 2011. Related to the transaction, Scripps Networks Interactive and BBC Worldwide are negotiating an agreement whereby, after completion, BBC Worldwide would have the option, via a combination of cash and a package of digital rights for UKTV, to increase its shareholding from 50 percent to a maximum of 60 percent. Scripps Networks Interactive’s existing voting rights and Board representation would be unaffected by this proposed arrangement, which would be subject to BBC Executive and BBC Trust approvals.
On March 22, 2012, Scripps Networks Interactive announced that it had agreed to pay £65m (US$102.7m) to acquire Travel Channel International Limited, the UK-based distributor of the Travel Channel brand across the Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific markets. The deal was completed on May 1, 2012 following regulatory approval. The international channel will be integrated with Scripps' own Travel Channel.
On December 11, 2012 One Kings Lane, a home decor website, announced that Scripps Networks Interactive had invested in its Series D financing. Scripps invested $15M in exchange for a 3% equity stake in the company.
Scripps Networks International.
Since Scripps Networks Interactive has launched Food Network in the United Kingdom and other European markets as well as in the Middle East and Africa. Scripps recently acquired a 50 percent interest in UKTV, one of the U.K. leading multi-channel television programming companies. Scripps Networks Interactive also is preparing to launch Food Network in Indonesia, bringing the channel to five countries in Asia in one year’s time. Scripps' channels are also available through outlets on U.S. military bases and U.S. embassies around the world via the American Forces Network.
In May 2013, the company announced that it will open a Brazilian headquarters, in São Paulo, and has appointed the former vice-president of strategy of FOX as managing director. Scripps will broadcast its channels to the entire Latin America region.

</doc>
<doc id="18251625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251625" title="Maria Bruntseva">
Maria Bruntseva

Maria Bruntseva (born 12 June 1980) is a female volleyball player from Russia, who played in several positions. She was a member of the Women's National Team that won the gold medal at the 2006 FIVB Women's World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18251634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251634" title="Grand Trunk Western 6325">
Grand Trunk Western 6325

Grand Trunk Western 6325 is one of two surviving examples of the Grand Trunk Western Railroad (GTW) U-3-b class of steam locomotives. The U-3-b class is a 4-8-4 (Northern) type steam locomotive. 
History.
Grand Trunk Western 6325 was built in February 1942 by ALCO along with 24 other U-3-b 4-8-4 Northern locomotive (sometimes called "Confederation" locomotives) numbered 6312 through 6336 as dual service locomotives that were the last new steam power assigned to the GTW. The U-3-b engines were right at home with GTW's road profile and characteristics, running almost a quarter of a million miles (400,000 km) between heavy repairs. 6325 could easily handle sixteen passenger cars or eighty car hotshot freights with equal ease on the Chicago division. Its forte was heavy passenger and fast freight service. All U-3-b class locomotives were known as good steamers and were liked by all engine crews and 6325 was no exception. On the GTW, it was the ultimate in modern steam power. In 1948, locomotive 6325 pulled President Harry Truman's campaign train across Michigan on Grand Trunk rails. Because of its historical significance, when 6325 was retired in 1959 it was donated to the City of Battle Creek, Michigan for display. Its role in history is what saved it from the scrapper's torch. In 1985, a plan to save a grand example of the steam era became too big of a project for an ever-shrinking group of people. In 1992 the small Michigan restoration group was notified by the GTW/Canadian National railroad that 6325 would have to be moved from its current siding. With little volunteers, low money and no place to call home, the Greater Battle Creek foundation was through.
Excursion career.
In stepped Jerry J. Jacobson of the Ohio Central Railroad System (OHCR) who purchased 6325 and tender in 1993 and moved it to OHCR's steam shops at Morgan Run. But it wasn't until 1998 that restoration efforts began and in 2001, 6325 moved for the first time under its own power in 42 years. Jacobson sold his interest in OHCR in 2008, kept his vintage locomotives and began construction on large roundhouse, the Age of Steam Roundhouse, in Sugarcreek, Ohio, in order to house his collection. As of March, 2012, No. 6325 remains in Jacobson's collection. 
Some well known trips done by 6325 for example, were in 2002, where it pulled many regular trips as well as some photo festivals were it was coupled to a train and was run along Ohio Central's track at various places for photographs, runbys or just normal train chasing. 2003 was a spectacular year for 6325, it pulled a few excursions but that wasn't the main event of that year, it was a huge photo festival which included 20 side by side photo runs with 6325 pulling a freight, and Ohio Central's ex-Canadian Pacific Railway 1293 pulling a passenger train. 2004 saw a huge event in Ohio Central's steam operations when "Trainfestival 2004" took place from July 30 to August 1, 2004 in Dennison, Ohio. It was a major event featuring all of their steam locomotive, some historic diesel locomotives as well as rolling stock and many more rail-related activities. 6325 was the star of the show; first it was parked for display then it was coupled to the passenger train for several one hour train rides throughout the day. Then at 5 pm, it pulled a special 3-hour excursion to the OHCR Morgan Run steam shops for tours. It was operated on this schedule for all three days of the event. For the rest of the year, it pulled regular tourist trains. It hasn't been fired since then due to Ohio Central's cease in steam train operations until 2006 when 1293 was fired up for some special events away from OHCR. As of 2008, 6325 is undergoing roller bearing repairs due to recent inspections.
Notable sister engines.
6325 has one surviving sister engine, GTW 6323, which is famous for being the last GTW steam engine to run on GTW rails, under GTW ownership. GTW 6323 is currently on display at the Illinois Railway Museum in Union, Illinois.
GTW 6327 was another well known sister engine, the 6327 is known for being the last steam engine to run in Port Huron, Michigan as well as pulling the last steam train there. 6327 was among the last of GTW's steam engines still operating when the railroad dieselized in 1960 and it was scrapped that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18251638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251638" title="Trammell">
Trammell

Trammell is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Surname:
Given name:

</doc>
<doc id="18251640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251640" title="Emma Klingenberg">
Emma Klingenberg

Emma Klingenberg (born 1992) is a Danish orienteering competitor, and junior world champion.
Junior world champion 2008.
Emma Klingenberg became Junior World Champion in "sprint" in Gothenburg in 2008, before Silje Ekroll Jahren and Jenny Lönnkvist, with less than three seconds between winner and third place. She was the youngest person to ever win a junior world orienteering championship.
The junior world championship, and Klingenberg's victory in the sprint event, has been covered or referred to in news magazines and sports magazines worldwide. Danish newspapers had more in-depth presentations of the winner.
Earlier experience.
When Emma became Junior World Champion she was only 16 years old. But she already has had experience of international events. She has participated in the European Youth Orienteering Championships and she has done orienteering since she was seven years old. Her club is OK Pan Århus and she is from the southern part of Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="18251670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251670" title="Mystikal (album)">
Mystikal (album)

Mystikal is the self-titled debut album released by Mystikal. It was released on June 20, 1995 for Big Boy Records and was produced by Leroy "Precise" Edwards. Jive Records would later re-release the album in 1995 with several new tracks with the title "Mind of Mystikal". The album peaked at #1 on the Top Heatseekers.

</doc>
<doc id="18251683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251683" title="Svetlana Nikolaevna Kryuchkova">
Svetlana Nikolaevna Kryuchkova

Svetlana Nikolaevna Kryuchkova (born June 22, 1950) is a Russian actress.
Kryuchkova was born in Kishinev in the Moldavian SSR (now Chişinău, Moldova). From 1975 to 1989, she was married to Yuri Veksler, and married Aleksandr Molodsov in 1990. She has one child from each marriage.
Selected filmography.
Courier (film)

</doc>
<doc id="18251696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251696" title="Zanthoxylum fagara">
Zanthoxylum fagara

Zanthoxylum fagara is a species of flowering plant in the citrus family, Rutaceae that is native to southern Florida and Texas in the United States, Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean, and South America as far south as Paraguay. Common names include Lime Prickly-ash, Wild Lime, Colima, Una de Gato, and Corriosa. 
It is a spreading shrub or small tree growing to tall. The trunk is generally rough with gray bark and grows to about in diameter. The irregularly-shaped branches contain hooked spines with pinnate leaves. The leaves and bark can be crushed to make a bitter-tasting condiment, and much of the tree smells similar to citrus. Lime Prickly-ash has a high drought tolerance and grows best in full sun, but it can also survive as an understory shrub. It provides significant food and cover for native wildlife and the leaves host the larvae of many butterflies, such as the Giant swallowtail ("Papilio cresphontes").

</doc>
<doc id="18251707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251707" title="Aaron Callaghan">
Aaron Callaghan

Aaron Callaghan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18251713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251713" title="Latvia national floorball team">
Latvia national floorball team

The Latvia Men's National Floorball Team is the national floorball team of Latvia, and a member of the International Floorball Federation.
Rosters.
2012 World Floorball Championships roster.
Goaltenders.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="18251716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251716" title="Olga Zhitova">
Olga Zhitova

Olga Zhitova (born 25 July 1983) is a female volleyball player from Russia, who plays in different positions. She was a member of the Women's National Team that won the gold medal at the 2006 FIVB Women's World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18251720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251720" title="List of deserters from James II to William of Orange">
List of deserters from James II to William of Orange

This is a list of the members of the British nobility and gentry, who in 1688 deserted King James II and pledged their allegiances to Prince William of Orange, as the events of the Glorious Revolution unfolded.

</doc>
<doc id="18251736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251736" title="Savas Iliadis">
Savas Iliadis

Savvas Iliadis (; born November 6, 1979) is a Greek professional basketball player.
Pro career.
Iliadis began playing basketball with the junior youth teams of Aias Evosmou. He began his professional career with Aias Evosmou in the Greek A2 League during the 2000-01 season. In 2002, he moved to Iraklis. 
In 2005, he moved to Panionios. In 2006, he joined Aris, and in 2009 he moved to Kavala. In January 2011 he returned to Iraklis Thessaloniki B.C..
Greek national team.
Iliadis won the silver medal at the 2005 Mediterranean Games Basketball Tournament while playing for the senior men's Greek national basketball team.
Personal.
He is an Aris fan.

</doc>
<doc id="18251739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251739" title="Shahram Goudarzi">
Shahram Goudarzi

Shahram Goudarzi (, born April 4, 1987)is an Iranian football player.
He currently plays for Mes Kerman.
Club career.
He was scouted by Bargh Shiraz F.C. and played for them from 2005 to 2008. On June 2008 he joint Bargh Shirazi rival team, Moghavemat
Club Career Statistics.
Last Update 17 August 2012 
International career.
He is a member of Iran national under-23 football team.
He also has played for Iran national under-20 football team in AFC Youth Championship 2006, scoring the game-tying goal in the opening game that Iran went on to win 3-0.

</doc>
<doc id="18251758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251758" title="Robert Curran">
Robert Curran

Robert Curran is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18251764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251764" title="Lulu Popplewell">
Lulu Popplewell

Laura Francesca "Lulu" Popplewell (born 15 January 1991) is an English actress and singer-songwriter. She is the younger sister of actress Anna Popplewell and the older sister of Freddie Popplewell.
Popplewell was originally known for her role as Daisy in "Love Actually". In radio she played the part of Lyra Belacqua in BBC Radio 4's "His Dark Materials" trilogy.

</doc>
<doc id="18251778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251778" title="USS Groves">
USS Groves

USS "Groves" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18251783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251783" title="Taibuga">
Taibuga

Taibuga was the first Khan of the Khanate of Sibir. He came to power as a result of the power vacuum caused by the breakup of the Mongolian Empire.
The facts of his reign are not totally clear, but it appears he was a Shamanist. Taibuga is said to have driven the forces of Novgorod from his land. He is also at times spoken of as the ancestor not just of the Khans but the whole ruling elite of Sibir.

</doc>
<doc id="18251787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251787" title="Szymon Wydra">
Szymon Wydra

Szymon Wydra (born March 11, 1976 in Radom) is a Polish rock vocalist, poet and finalist on the first edition of Polish "Idol". He is also a vocalist of Carpe Diem.
Career.
Wydra's first music band, "Nadzieja" ("Hope"), existed for two years and played punk rock. He has been vocalist and leader of his own band, Szymon Wydra & Carpe Diem, since 1992. He took part in a popular Polish TV show "Szansa na sukces" ("Chance for success") in 2001 and achieved respect but was not the winner. He performed again in the same show in February of the following year, singing a song by Ryszard Rynkowski and being chosen by him as the winning participant. On December 13, 2002, his band released their first album, entitled "Teraz wiem" ("Now I know"). Their second album, "Bezczas" was released in 2005.
In August 2007, Wydra was placed among five performers in the semi-final of Polish qualifications for the Sopot Festival. Then he performed with his band the song "Gdzie jesteś dziś" ("Where are you today?") but the group of jurors decided that Poland would be represented by another band, Feel with their song "A gdy jest już ciemno".
He strongly criticized illegal downloading of his work from the Internet in one of his most recent interview, going so far as to claim once that it was worse than murder.
Private life.
Szymon Wydra studies at Higher School of Promotion in Warsaw. His secondary school specialty was mechanics.

</doc>
<doc id="18251788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251788" title="Rudolf Ahlswede">
Rudolf Ahlswede

Rudolf F. Ahlswede (September 15, 1938 – December 18, 2010) was a German mathematician. Born in Dielmissen, Germany, he studied mathematics, physics, and philosophy. He wrote his Ph.D. thesis in 1966, at the University of Göttingen, with the topic "Contributions to the Shannon information theory in case of non-stationary channels". He dedicated himself in his further career to information theory and became one of the leading representatives of this area worldwide.
Life and work.
In 1977, he joined and hold a Professorship at the University of Bielefeld, Bielefeld, Germany. In 1988, he received together with Imre Csiszar the Best Paper Award of the IEEE Information Theory Society for work in the area of the hypothesis testing as well as in 1990 together with Gunter Dueck for a new theory of message identification. He has been awarded this prize twice. As an emeritus of Bielefeld University, Ahlswede received the Claude Elwood Shannon Award 2006 of the IEEE information Theory Society. The prize is designated after Claude Elwood Shannon and since 1974 for outstanding achievements in the area of the information theory. The prize went only five times to scientists from outside the USA. In 2000, Rudolf Ahlswede, Ning Cai, Shuo-Yen Robert Li,and R. W. Yeung published a paper "Network Information Flow" in IEEE Transactions on Information Theory, VOL. 46, NO. 4, JULY 2000, this is the beginning of a new theory known as Network coding.
Rudolf Ahlswede died on December 18, 2010, at the age of 72.

</doc>
<doc id="18251793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251793" title="Marina Sheshenina">
Marina Sheshenina

Marina Igorevna Sheshenina () (born 26 June 1985 in Sverdlovsk) is a female volleyball player from Russia, who plays as a setter. She was a member of the Women's National Team that won the gold medal at the 2006 FIVB Women's World Championship. She also competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, claiming the silver medal.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18251809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251809" title="Nick Hatzke">
Nick Hatzke

Nick Hatzke (b. 16 October 1983 in San Jose, California, USA) is an American football (soccer) player.
Starting off by playing soccer at Bellarmine College Preparatory he then played college soccer at the University of California, Berkeley, before being drafted in the first round (13th overall) of the 2007 MLS Supplemental Draft by Houston Dynamo.
Having spent time with Dynamo's reserves, Hatzke made his full professional debut for Dynamo on 10 July 2007, in a US Open Cup third round game against Charleston Battery. He made his second first team appearance on 1 July 2008, again in a US Open Cup third round game against Charleston Battery. [http://houston.mlsnet.com/news/team_news.jsp?ymd=20080701&content_id=169804&vkey=news_hou&fext=.jsp&team=t200]
Nick's brother, Matt Hatzke, is also a professional soccer player.

</doc>
<doc id="18251825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251825" title="Melody Carlson">
Melody Carlson

Melody Carlson is an accomplished Christian author for children, pre-teens, youth, and adults, with sales totaling more than two million. Some of her most popular works are the "Diary of a Teenage Girl" books series (12 books and counting) and the "True Colors" book series. She captures the realism of teenage life today and the difficulty that comes with being a Christian.
Background.
Melody Carlson was born 3/2/1956 in San Francisco, California. She grew up in Springfield, Oregon attending Springfield High School and later Lane Community College. She currently resides in Sisters, Oregon.
References.
On Hopes Wings

</doc>
<doc id="18251828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251828" title="Line 9, Beijing Subway">
Line 9, Beijing Subway

Line 9 of the Beijing Subway () is rapid transit line in western Beijing. The line runs 16.5 km from the National Library to Guogongzhuang in Fengtai District with nine stations. The line has 13 stations.
History.
In 1989, the State Council decided to build Beijing West Railway Station on the Beijing-Kowloon Railway. Subway planning had determined that Beijing West Railway Station shall be the interchange between Lines 7 and 9. However, no provision for an interchange station was added in the railway station's design. The railway station was completed in 1996. 15 years later Beijing West Station was rebuilt and expanded provisions were added to the basement of the station for Lines 7 and 9. In 2002, in preparation for the 2008 Beijing Olympics, it was proposed that the first section of Line 9 should be built between Baishiqiao to Beijing West Railway Station (today's National Library to Beijing West Railway Station section). The entire length the proposed line was 5.8 kilometers. However the line only started construction in April 2007, with a planned opening date of 2010 and the original northern section between Baishiqiao to Beijing West Station was further delayed until 2012, making an opening before the Olympics unlikely. 
In December 31, 2011 the 11.1 km, 9 station southern section from Guogongzhuang to Beijing West Railway Station opened. At the time the line was only connected to the Fangshan Line, isolated from the rest of the Beijing Subway network. Passengers will have to transfer to shuttle buses that connect to the main subway network to continue their journey. That is why in 2011, the passenger volume of Line 9 is not large. In April 29 the Beijing subway daily ridership exceeded 8 million rides, with Line 9 contributing only 46,300 rides.
One year later in December 30, 2012 the original northern section from the Beijing West Railway Station to the National Library entered into operations. Finally connecting Line 9 and Fangshan to the rest of the subway network and making all major Beijing train stations accessible by subway. The underground connections for the transfer between Line 9 and Line 1 won't have been completed at the opening of the Line 9 extension. Final engineering work on the connecting passages is expected to be completed before the end of 2013, before which Line 9 will skip Military Museum Station. After that Line 9's passenger traffic began to grow rapidly. By of January 2013, the average daily passenger traffic is already three times higher than in December 2012, at 220,000 rides.
Future development.
Line 9 was originally proposed to be extended future north and west to Haidian Shanhou but has since been replaced with Line 16; currently planned to be extended to the north towards Collage Road (学院路), where it will interchange with Line 15. 
There is also a long term proposal for a southern extension towards Daxing. 

</doc>
<doc id="18251834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251834" title="Milwaukee Fire Department">
Milwaukee Fire Department

The Milwaukee Fire Department (MFD) has the responsibility for protecting the citizens and property of Milwaukee from fire and fire hazards and providing emergency medical services. 
The Milwaukee Fire Department consists of approximately 1000 firefighters, many of whom also serve as paramedics providing 
basic and advanced life support services. The department was ranked third in the U.S. for best medical emergency service by a "USA Today" study in 2003. 
Former Fire Chief Douglas A. Holton resigned from the force in November 2009. As of May 2010, the department is under the leadership of Chief Mark Rohlfing.
Organization.
The Milwaukee Fire Department is subdivided into the 2 Bureaus of Operations: Operations, Support, and EMS, Training, and Education. Each Bureau is commanded by an Assistant Chief. Each Bureau commands 1 or several sub-Divisions. The Support Bureau commands the Construction and Maintenance Division, and the Dispatch and Technical Services Section. The EMS, Training, and Education Bureau commands the EMS Division and the Training Division. The Operations Bureau commands the Firefighting Division and the Special Operations Division. Each Division is commanded by a Battalion Chief, except the Firefighting Division, which is commanded by a Deputy Chief per shift, as well as 5 Battalion Chiefs per shift.
Rank Structure.
The following is a list of ranks within MFD by order of lowest-level employee to senior command staff. 
Operations.
The MFD currently operates out of 36 Fire Stations, located throughout the city in 5 Battalions, under the command of 5 Battalion Chiefs and 1 Deputy Chief per shift. The MFD also operates a fire apparatus fleet of 35 Engine Companies, 15 Ladder Companies, 2 Heavy Rescue Units, 12 Paramedic Ambulances (MED Unit), 1 Fireboat, and numerous other special, support, and reserve units. There are also 4 Special Incident Teams that operate several specialized units: The Boat team; The Dive Team; The Haz-Mat. Team; The Heavy Urban Rescue Team(H.U.R.T.).
Fire Station Locations and Apparatus.
Below is a complete list of all fire station and apparatus locations in the city of Milwaukee according to Battalion.
Brown Outs and Budget Cuts.
Since 2010, the Milwaukee Fire Department has "browned out" multiple fire companies, due to budget cuts to the fire department, saving the city over $7 million. However, starting in January of 2014, four fire companies will be closed permanently as opposed to the rolling "brown outs" when a fire company is temporarily closed for one day. The following fire companies will be disbanded as a result: Engine 5, Engine 11, Engine 35, and Truck 14.
Closed/Disbanded Fire Companies.
Throughout the history of the Milwaukee Fire Department, several fire companies have been closed or disbanded due to budget cuts.
Public artworks.
Several stations feature commissioned works of art, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18251871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251871" title="Pollen (band)">
Pollen (band)

Pollen was a power pop band originally hailing from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. They released four albums over their eight years.

</doc>
<doc id="18251949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251949" title="Phyllis Bedells">
Phyllis Bedells

Phyllis Bedells (9 August 1893 – 2 May 1985) was an English ballerina and teacher. She studied with Bolm, Cecchetti, and Pavlova. From 1907 she was a dancer at the London Empire Theatre and became the first British prima ballerina there in 1914. She left in 1916 to dance in West End musical revues and in opera ballets at Covent Garden. She was a founding member of the Royal Academy of Dance in 1920 and helped to draw up its first syllabus. She was also a member of the Camargo Society. In 1931 she appeared as a guest artist with the Vic-Wells Ballet. She retired in 1935, becoming both a ballet teacher and an examiner for the Royal Academy of Dance. In 1979 the annual Phyllis Bedells Bursary was established in her honour. She published her autobiography, "My Dancing Days", in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="18251983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18251983" title="Antaeus (short story)">
Antaeus (short story)

Antaeus is a short story by Borden Deal. It is named after the mythological figure Antaeus, a giant who was unconquerable as long as he touched the ground.
This story has appeared in many American and European school textbooks. It is an archetypal tale of rural ways clashing with urban lifestyles.
The plot.
The story is about a boy named T.J. from Marion County, Alabama who moves to a city in the North. He organizes an effort by a gang of kids to grow a garden at the gang’s hideout, on top of a factory building. T.J. is a southern boy who has moved to a big city. He is lost until he finds a way to bring himself back home, by building a garden.
After a lot of painstaking work, the kids are finally successful in cultivating grass, but are discovered on the rooftop by three strangers, including the building’s owner. The owner orders the garden to be shoveled off by one of the other strangers by the next day. Not wanting this to happen, T.J. destroys the garden himself, throwing the dirt and grass off the roof.He didn't want anyone to touch the garden, so ironically to protect it, he destroyed it. 
After this sudden action T.J. leaves, and is not found for another two weeks. When the police do find him he is walking on the railroad tracks, heading home.

</doc>
<doc id="18252006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252006" title="2008–09 CEV Women's Champions League">
2008–09 CEV Women's Champions League

The Women's CEV Champions League is an international volleyball club competition for elite clubs throughout Europe.
Teams of the 2008-2009.
Participants:
Main Phase.
Pool A.
November 6, 2008
November 12–13, 2008
December 9–11, 2008
December 17–18, 2008
January 14–15, 2009
January 20, 2009
Pool B.
November 4–6, 2008
November 12, 2008
December 9, 2008
December 17–18, 2008
January 13–14, 2009
January 20, 2009
Pool C.
November 5–6, 2008
November 11–12, 2008
December 10–11, 2008
December 16–17, 2008
January 14–15, 2009
January 20, 2009
Pool D.
November 5, 2008
November 11–12, 2008
December 10–11, 2008
December 16–17, 2008
January 14, 2009
January 20, 2009
Pool E.
November 4–5, 2008
November 11–12, 2008
December 10, 2008
December 17, 2008
January 13–14, 2009
January 20, 2009
Play-offs.
Playoffs 12.
First leg.
February 11–12, 2009
Second leg.
February 18–19, 2009
Playoffs 6.
First leg.
March 4–5, 2009
Second leg.
March 11–12, 2009
Final four.
Perugia, Italy, 28 & 29 March 2009
Semi-finals.
March 28, 2009
3rd Place.
March 29, 2009
Final.
March 29, 2009
Awards.
Winners:

</doc>
<doc id="18252018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252018" title="Jack Jones (rugby player)">
Jack Jones (rugby player)

John "Jack" Phillips Jones (3 March 1886 – 19 March 1951) was a Welsh international centre who played club rugby for Pontypool Rugby Club and Newport Rugby Football Club. He won 14 caps for Wales and was known as "The Prince of Centres".
Rugby career.
John 'Jack' Phillip Jones was born in Pontymoile, Pontypool in 1886, to David Jones and his wife Margaret (née Phillips). Jones was one of four brothers, who would all eventually play for Pontypool Rugby Club. Two of his brother, David and James, would, like Jack, eventually play international rugby for Wales. The Joneses along with the Goulds are the only family to provide three brothers to the Welsh international rugby union team.
Jones was first capped, at centre, making his debut against Australia in December, 1908. He would play for Wales a further 13 times and would probably have been capped far more times but for the cessation of international rugby during the years of the First World War.
Jones would play in two British Isles tours. The first was part of Arthur Harding's 1908 tour of Australasia, the second was to South Africa in 1910.
International matches played for Wales.
Wales
British Isles

</doc>
<doc id="18252019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252019" title="Vall de Núria">
Vall de Núria

La Vall de Núria (, "The Valley of Núria") is a south-opening valley coming down from the crest of the Pyrenees within the municipality of Queralbs, province of Girona, community of Catalonia, Spain. The floor of the valley lies about 2000 metres above sea level, and is accessible from the south via a rack railway (the Vall de Núria Rack Railway) or by foot, and from France to the north by footpaths. There are no roads to access the valley. The place is historically notable for the 1931 drafting of the first Catalan Statute of Autonomy, in the Sanctuary of the Virgin of Núria.
The Virgin of Núria.
According to tradition, Saint Giles (Catalan: "Sant Gil") arrived in the valley in approximately 700 AD and lived there for four years. He crafted an image of the Virgin Mary and later hid it in a cave when forced to flee from a Roman persecution against Christians. Along with the image of the Virgin, he left a pot used for cooking, a cross, and a bell for calling shepherds to meals.
Still according to tradition, a pilgrim named Amadéu began searching for the image in 1072, after having a prophetic dream. He then built a small chapel for pilgrims, and found the image seven years later, next to the pot, the cross, and the bell, whereupon he brought the objects to the chapel to be venerated.
The image which is venerated at present has been dated to have been made during the twelfth or thirteenth century. It is a wooden Romanesque carving. The primitive-looking polychrome statue still retains its painting intact.
The shepherds regarded this image of the Blessed Virgin as a patron saint of fertility. The canonical consecration of Our Lady of Núria was in 1965. Her feast day is September 8.
Ski resort.
There is a ski resort in the valley operated by the same company which operates the Vall de Núria Rack Railway.
The resort offers a total of 10 alpine ski pistes (three green, three blue, two red and two black ones), as well as a special slope for sleighs, totalling seven kilometres of marked pistes. In the Summer of 2006, 18 new snow cannons were installed, adding up to a total of 73 cannons.
As for ski lifts, there is one quad chair lift going from the resort base at 1,964 m, up to its highest point, at 2,252 m.; two platter lifts serving the beginners' area; and one gondola lift (called ""telecabina"") granting access to the Pic de l'Àliga youth hostel.

</doc>
<doc id="18252023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252023" title="Yakuza 3">
Yakuza 3

Yakuza 3 is a PlayStation 3 video game, originally released in Japan as , the sequel to "Yakuza 2" and the fourth installment in the "Yakuza" series. It is developed by Sega Japan's CS1 Team and published by Sega. It was released in Japan and South East Asia on February 26, 2009 and in North America and Europe on March 9, 2010 and March 12, 2010, respectively. The sequel, "Yakuza 4", was released on March 18, 2010 in Japan.
Gameplay.
New features.
"Yakuza 3" introduces PlayStation Network Trophies to the series with 45 trophies (50 in the Eastern releases). It also adds four new gameplay elements as listed below:
Event Mode.
The main story spans over twelve chapters plus a prologue. As with the earlier games, each chapter is preceded by a cinematic, called an "event scene", which later becomes available in the Gallery mode. Skipping these scenes using the Start button can only be done after enabling the scene-skipping option in the menu, which is switched off by default. The western version of "Yakuza 3" features 295 minutes of cutscenes according to the BBFC.
Six sub-scenarios (Date's Pride, Two Fathers, Hometown Girl, The Finishing Touch, Silver Screen Dragon and Murder at Café Alps) are special missions featuring "event scene" cinematics. Holding R1 and pressing the X button will activate an automatic mode that skips the cutscene dialogue.
Adventure Mode.
In the eastern releases, the main story is completed with 103 unique side stories called "sub-scenarios" ("substory" in the original version, "sabustori"). These sub-scenarios are divided into two classes: Mission and Hitman. There are 103 standard missions, some of which are made up of different episodes, and 20 hitman sub-scenarios. Fifteen of these bounty hunter sidestories are located in Kamurocho, the remaining five in Ryukyu.
Twenty minigames are available within Adventure mode. These are aromatherapy massage (eastern releases only), darts, pool, karaoke, bowling, mahjong (eastern releases only), chinchirorin, shogi (eastern releases only), chō-han, koi-koi, oicho-kabu, roulette, poker, blackjack, "Answer & Answer" (eastern releases only), "UFO Catcher", batting cage, golf, surf fishing and "Boxcelios". 2-player support for some of these mini games and an expansion for "Answer & Answer" are added through DLC, as well as main menu direct access in the eastern releases. However, the quiz minigame's expansion was eventually removed from the western release and 2-player support became a time limited DLC exclusive to the North American release's Challenge Pack. Challenges like Mack Shinozuka's training, "Inner Fighter 7" and Haruka's Request aren't considered either mini games or side stories.
Beating the game in "Hard" mode unlocks the "Ex-Hard" (extreme hard) extra difficulty level. Completing the game in any difficulty mode will create a "cleared data" save file and unlock "Premium New Game" and "Premium Adventure". The first allows to restart the game with all accumulated money, items, experience levels and fighting techniques. The latter is a free-run mode dedicated to exploration and completion as it doesn't include the main story, with only sub-scenarios remaining (though a small number of missions will only appear at a certain point in story mode, and cannot be triggered in Premium Adventure). Extra game contents are added through DLC.
Battle Mode.
As with the previous games, the is available. An illicit mixed martial arts competition sponsored by Majima is held in the area beneath Kamurocho Hills, formerly Purgatory. The arena is inspired by real life Japanese cage fighting competitions such as K-1 World Grand Prix; gameplay is similar to fighting games Toshihiro Nagoshi previously worked on such as "Virtua Fighter 5" and "SpikeOut". Single Tournament has 50 unique international fighters (a minor character with its own profile) and 11 grand prix tournaments to choose from. These 3-round competitions have various rings, rules and difficulty levels; the different types of tournament are Exhibition Tournament, Street Fight GP, Breakout GP, Heat GP, Bounding GP, Bomber GP, Golden Glove GP, Weapon Master GP, Hyper GP, Magnum Force GP and Maximum GP. Tag Tournament is a two-partner team match including 20 unique teams. Each team is made of paired Single Tournament fighters enhanced with a special duo attack. There are 2 available grand prix named Tag Match GP and Twin Dragon GP. Three Single Tournament fighters and two Encounter Battle characters will join Kazuma Kiryu's "Team Dragon" ("Team The Dragon" in the original release) as tag partners once he finds them in the Adventure Mode; these are boxer Maxim Soldatov , kenpō Bruce Ebinuma , puroresu Daiji Hiyama , Keigo Kanno and Masaki Hatae . Orders can be given to these partners using the DualShock 3's arrow keys.
Completing the story mode unlocks 35 additional Battle Missions gathered in a bonus mode called . The first competition has 10 missions and is called , the second has 5 missions and is called , the third has 10 missions and is called , and fourth competition has 5 missions and is called . Completing these four competitions unlocks a fifth competition called the which has 5 missions. Completing all 35 missions with an "S" rank, the highest rank possible, unlocks a special item delivered by Bob Utsunomiya, which is a talisman called the that, when equipped, permanently maintains the Heat Gage at maximum level.
Once story mode is completed the player can start a Premium Adventure and meet a hidden minor character (a clairvoyant woman) who allows access to four added through DLC, only available in a special edition of the game in Europe, and as a preorder bonus in North America. In Survival Battle Kazuma Kiryu must find and defeat the , Yoshitaka Mine; eight bonus bosses are disseminated within Kamurocho. In Survival Onigokko, Kazuma Kiryu is chased by Bob Utsunomiya in Kamurocho, with ten missions to complete in three minutes. All Star Tournament is an extra Arena single tournament that involves all 8 boss characters plus Goh Hamazaki, the latter of which can only be fought in this mode. All Star Tag Tournament is an extra tag tournament that pits Kazuma Kiryu and his fighting partner Goro Majima against 7 teams of bosses and bonus characters such as Kazuki, Yuya, Goh Hamazaki and Komaki.
Completion.
The quest for the disseminated 100 coin lockers (half of them are hidden in Kamurocho, the others are in Ryukyu) is rewarded in "Yakuza 3" with the "Key Collector" Silver PSN Trophy. The latter was called (lit. "vagrant keys") and was only Bronze level in the Eastern releases. As a mixed game including elements of the sandbox game and RPG genres, "Yakuza 3" includes a "Completion" feature that sums up what percentage of the game was actually completed by the player.
Only 100% completion (Completion + Sub-Scenario) will unlock the final mission involving a recurring hidden all-black character named Jo Amon , a.k.a. "Mysterious Hitman", which is returning character from the spinoff and is a secret boss available since the original "Yakuza" title. In "Yakuza 3", Jo Amon's weapon is dual light sabers.
The following extended chart includes the Completion feature and shows the differences between the eastern and western releases. A detailed version of this chart is available in the game's options menu. To learn which contents are specific to each release, see the detailed sections Downloadable content and Versions. Some contents included in the following chart require a completed game save file (such as the Battle Mission), a spinoff game save file (Ukiyo's Bell) or a PlayStation Network redeem code (Battle Pack and Challenge Pack) to be unlocked.
Plot.
Setting.
Unlike "Ryū ga Gotoku Kenzan!" (often confused with "Yakuza 3"), which was a Miyamoto Musashi-based spinoff set in Edo period Kyoto, this installment continues the adventures of Kazuma Kiryu from "Yakuza" and "Yakuza 2". The game takes place both in Kamurocho, a fictional version of Tokyo's red-light district Kabukicho, from the first two games and in a brand new location called Ryukyu.
The area of Okinawa where the story takes place is a fictional area, based upon Naha's Makishi. It includes real life landmarks such as the Ichiba Hondori (linked to Mutsumibashi Dori and Heiwa Dori) covered shopping arcade renamed in the game as well as the popular Makishi Public Market shortened , the famous entertainment strip Kokusai Street called , the Okinawa Monorail Kencho-mae Station as or the Mitsukoshi department store (Okinawa Mitsukoshi) which kept its actual name as part of the game's tie-in policy.
Compared with the earlier episodes, the Kamurocho area has some minor changes with additional backstreets and landmarks. Hence South-East Kabukicho's European medieval castle-shaped karaoke box has been modeled and renamed "Kamuro Castle", and north-west Kamurocho love hotel Hotel Aland has been recreated in Kamurocho hotels quarter as the Hotel Tea Clipper.
Characters.
"Yakuza 3"'s main characters are Kazuma Kiryu and Haruka Sawamura. Additional castings total three hundred and sixty characters, who appear in the main adventure and sub-scenarios.
Story.
Unlike the previous episodes the story is not written by Hase Seishu but by Masayoshi Yokoyama. "Yakuza 3" takes a departure from the first two games with its choice of setting: instead of focusing on the gritty cityscape of Tokyo and Osaka, it switches gears and sends Kazuma Kiryu to the Ryukyu Islands, Okinawa, where he runs the Sunshine Orphanage ( in Japanese) with his adoptive daughter Haruka Sawamura (she calles him "Uncle Kaz") who accompanied him in the previous episodes and the "Movie Version".
Sunshine Orphanage is on a land that is owned by Shigeru Nakahara, the boss of a local yakuza clan or "bōryokudan", known as the Ryudo Family . Nakahara is under pressure from the country's government to sell the land, which is planned to become a seaside resort. When his friend Daigo Dojima, Chairman of the Tojo Clan, is shot, Kiryu must deal with the three gang bosses who arranged the attempted murder.
The game ends with Kiryu succeeding in his mission, and he and Haruka meet to explore the town. Kazuma is confronted by a mysterious man, who is revealed to be Goh Hamazaki, having survived the offscreen attempt on his life. In anger, Hamazaki stabs Kiryu in the stomach, and is subdued afterwards, leaving a critically wounded Kazuma to give dying words to his adopted daughter.
In an after credits scene, the orphanage's children gather to play. As Haruka stands near a man, who the camera turns to reveal a bandaged Kiryu, having survived the stabbing, and he goes to continue running Sunshine Orphanage with Hakura helping him.
Development.
The game's default video output is 720p HD graphics rendering at a resolution of 1024x768 without anti-aliasing but it supports 1080p mode upscale.
Daisuke Tomoda, CS1 Team (Sega CS R&D) visual artist and character design team leader of the "Yakuza" series since the original episode, partially unveiled "Yakuza 3"`s development at the 2009 Game Tools & Middleware Forum seminar held in Tokyo on June 15. "Yakuza 3" character designing began shortly after the completion of "Ryū ga Gotoku Kenzan!" in 2008 with a three-week project phase followed by an eight months production. In the end 110 high polygon characters, for they appear in Event Scene cinematics, plus 250 minor characters were created by 60 teams producing a dozen characters each. Thus 360 characters were produced following a "one person one body" philosophy and a three-day per body target schedule. As a comparison, the production of "Yakuza" on PlayStation 2 took 10 months and had no more volume. The series' production pace is one game per year since the original "Yakuza" in 2005. CS1 used a slogan to describe the game's graphics: .
Magical V-Engine.
As with the previous PlayStation 3 "Ryū ga Gotoku" game, main characters have their face scanned through Cyberware's head & face color 3D scanner (model PS). As detailed at the GTMF 2009, Event Scene cinematics are real-time and render highly detailed XSI 6.5 2.5MB data size characters using 18,000~20,000 polygons each; 3D model bones are made of 107 meshes with 64 used for the body and the remaining 43 used for the face. In addition, the PlayStation 3 employs advanced graphics technologies without LOD, texture size 512×512 front buffer with 512×512 back buffer, diffuse map and normal map, multi map (ambient occlusion, specular mask, 8-bit specular power RGB) within cutscene. These Event Scene cinematics fully exploit Sega's in-house facial expressions engine called Magical V-Engine. This engine is based on a unique "wrinkle shader" technology that allows for advanced facial animation from voice recordings alone. By animating based upon not only the phonetic lip syncing but tone, the software can emulate the basic human emotions in full facial expression.
The same technology was used in Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2.
Audio.
"Yakuza 3" outputs uncompressed or compressed audio, respectively Linear PCM 2ch/5.1ch (stereo or surround) and Dolby Digital 5.1 surround.
Cast.
The game's main characters have their face modeled in 3D after their voice actors, who are Japanese celebrities. Softimage XSI 3D data is obtained by scanning a human head with Cyberware Inc.'s latest scanner. These include returning voice actors Takaya Kuroda (as Kazuma Kiryu), Rie Kugimiya (as Haruka Sawamura), Hidenari Ugaki as Goro Majima, and TV actor Satoshi Tokushige (as Daigo Dojima).
New faces are film actors Tatsuya Fujiwara (as Rikiya Shimabukuro) known overseas for his Shuya Nanahara role in Kinji Fukasaku's "Battle Royale" and "", Nakamura Shidō II (as Yoshitaka Mine) who featured in Ronny Yu's "Jet Li is Fearless" and Clint Eastwood's "Letters from Iwo Jima", actor Tetsuya Watari (as Joji Fua) famous for his yakuza roles in Seijun Suzuki's "Tokyo Drifter", Kinji Fukasaku's "Graveyard of Honor" and Takeshi Kitano's "Brother", singers and "tarento" Shigeru Izumiya (as Shigeru Nakahara) and George Takahashi (as Goh Hamazaki), voice actor Akio Ōtsuka (as Ryuzo Tamiya), "tarento" Daisuke Miyakawa (as Mikio Aragaki) and Hiroyuki Miyasako (as Tsuyoshi Kanda).
Soundtrack.
The "Ryū ga Gotoku 3 Original Soundtrack" (HCV-452) was published by Wave Master in Japan on February 26, 2009. It was bundled as a bonus enhanced CD in the "Yakuza 3" PAL version's standard deluxe edition called the Battle Pack. The music was composed by Hidenori Shoji, Kentaro Koyama, Takahiro Kai, Hiroyoshi Kato, Yoshio Tsuru and Hideki Sakamoto, and includes a track by Love Sound System (DJ Giuliano, Ayako, Yoshiji Kobayashi). Performers are Minako Obata (a.k.a. Mooki), Chihiro Aoki (chorus) and Mitsuharu Fukuyama (trumpet). Two Karaoke minigame songs are also included, performed by voice actors Takaya Kuroda (Kazuma Kiryu) and Rie Kugimiya (Haruka Sawamura). The tracklist for "Yakuza 3" has 31 titles (details are available below).
Additional soundtrack includes three songs by Japanese rock music artist Eikichi Yazawa.
Downloadable content.
Eastern releases.
Eight DLCs were delivered through a weekly game update campaign starting on March 5, 2009, with one DLC per week. These downloadable contents consist of:
Four Premium Adventure exclusive modes are also added through DLC, these are:
Western releases.
Regular DLC.
Four lots of DLC were delivered on release day with the PAL version's Battle Pack (a.k.a. Premium Pack). These free downloadable contents are:
All this DLC is also in the Japanese version. Regarding the western release of the DLC, a Sega America spokesperson officially stated on February 24, 2010: "western versions of the game will come pre-packaged with codes for the DLC, already localized and ready to be enjoyed".
Extra DLC.
Two exclusive extra DLC codes were sent only to North American customers who pre-ordered "Yakuza 3" in their local GameStop stores. These additional downloadable contents were:
This pre-order only extra DLC are also available for the Japanese version, for which they were delivered for free through an eight-week downloadable content campaign. This DLC can now be downloaded on the PlayStation Network for $4.99. This was also released with pre orderd in U.K.
Marketing and release.
Tie-in and product placement.
Producer Toshihiro Nagoshi made twenty-seven tie-in with local companies to produce 3D model reproductions of existing shop, restaurant or hostess bar buildings. Such replicas include real exterior, interior, products, menus and sometimes jingles.
Kabukicho's tie-in are Club Sega game centers, Don Quijote discount stores, Matsuya restaurants, Pronto cafés (a Suntory joint venture) and Karaoke Kan. Collaboration with Sole tanning studio, Promise, Aeon and Geos is limited to visible ads within Kamurocho.
Okinawa's tie-ins are Blue Seal ice cream parlor, Quickly bubble tea stand, Sam's Maui steak house, Stone Market accessory shop, Okinawaya , Okinawarigura liquor store and Velotaxi Japan. Limited collaborations include the exterior design of Naha's Apa Hotel, Okinawa's Mitsukoshi and OPA department stores (which cannot be entered). Orion draft beer, Tantakatan "shōchū", Higashuzou "awamori" and Skymark Airlines have ads visible within the Downtown Ryukyu area.
Sega extended its product placement policy which was introduced in the original episode. Now real products can be bought within discount and convenience stores including Axe fragrance, various Ace Cook instant noodles, several Suntory beers or soft drinks (such as Boss Coffee and C.C. Lemon), Pepsi soda (a Suntory licensee), Kodansha magazines (including "Young Magazine", "Weekly Morning" and "Vivi"). This also applies to bars and pubs, since the Suntory group produces alcohol and owns many licenses for foreign alcoholic beverages like Early Times whiskey, Beefeater Gin, Courvoisier cognac and Carlsberg Beer. Suntory vending machines are still disseminated within Kamurocho as in the previous games.
Some sub-scenarios even resolve around product placement with minor characters specially created to advertise products, for example the sidestory involving Ace Cook noodles and the fictitious ramen shop or "Young Magazine" and the generic convenience store Poppo. Some items on the food and drink menu, required for 100% completion, cannot be purchased without first being in possession of a copy of Tokyo Isshukan.
Versions.
Eastern releases.
Kamutai Magazine bundle.
As part of the pre-ordering campaign, the Japanese and Asian first prints were bundled with a limited item, a monography called "Kamutai Magazine" (February 2009 issue).
Rising Dragon Pack.
Sony celebrated the Japanese release of the game with a 10,000 console limited edition of the Ceramic White 80GB model PlayStation 3 called the .
Ukiyo's Bell.
The eastern versions include an exclusive extra Adventure Mode item. If the game detects an existing save file of "Ryū ga Gotoku Kenzan!" stored on the PlayStation 3 hard disk drive, a reward item will be unlocked in "Ryū ga Gotoku 3" upon beginning a new game. This is a red copper bell called used by Miyamoto Musashi (a.k.a. Kazumanosuke Kiryu) in the spin-off, which grants 3 points in the defense, edge and firearm stats when equipped. The bell was carried on to Yakuza 4, and retains its appearance, but is renamed Gion's Bell, and instead of protecting the wearer, it rewards money for every step taken.
Western releases.
Localization.
The PAL version features the Japanese voice cast (with localized subtitles) and includes a previously unreleased 18-minute video interview of Tamiya according to the BBFC.
Other bonus contents include a free compact disc with the game's original soundtrack and an animated character guide. Western packages also come with PlayStation Network redeem codes to unlock DLC; these western bundles are called Challenge Pack (time limited) and Battle Pack (regular).
Although the game was not censored for the western release, much extra content was removed due to time constraints. According to a Sega representative: "The content between Yakuza 3 US/UK and Yakuza JP is a little different in that we took out certain bits in order to bring the game to the west in the time alloted for us to do so. The parts we ended up taking out were parts that we felt wouldn't make sense (like a Japanese history quiz game) or wouldn't resonate as much (such as the concept of a hostess club). We didn't replace the parts we took out, but we made absolutely sure that the story continuity stayed intact so that the story experience was the same as the Japanese version and that it didn't take away the human drama so inherent to the Yakuza series."
The western localization of "Yakuza 3" was officially unveiled by Sony and Sega in late December 2009. The same month, Sega Australia managing director Darren Macbeth declared in an interview with Gamespot: "The publisher needs to be comfortable enough that there is a strong market in the West before giving the go-ahead to local Japanese releases like the "Yakuza" series. In a lot of cases we have a very strong vocal group of fans, who demand the opportunity to play these games in their local markets, and are very outspoken in their support. However, when the time comes, they are reluctant to stay committed and actually make the purchase."
Removed content.
On February 24, 2010, a Sega America Blog community manager officially declared:"We wanted to confirm that there is some content in the Japanese version of "Yakuza 3" that didn’t make it over to upcoming Western version, mostly involving the Hostess Clubs and the Japanese History trivia sections. [...] The choice that had to be made was either no "Yakuza 3" in the west, or a version of the game that was almost exactly the same, but with a little less trivia."
This statement was an answer to IGN journalist Greg Miller's unofficial insight report of February 23 claiming: "Even though the hostess clubs are out, you can still go on dates with the girls.[...] The strip clubs are still in "Yakuza 3"."
The referred strip clubs are "Show Pub Asia: Kamurocho Asia Beauty Show Dance and Pole" and Ryukyu's "Canal Grande: Cabaret Club", both are linked to main and side stories in the original Japanese release and therefore were not removed as confirmed by a new game trailer. A video showing the game's locations and was officially released by Sega on February 25. A Sega PR further commented to Kotaku blog on February 24, 2010:"We had a tight schedule to abide by for localizing and releasing "Yakuza 3" in the west. Due to the limited time we were given we had to leave certain bits of the game out and we chose portions we felt didn't resonate with western culture i.e. a Japanese history quiz show and the concept of hostess clubs. [...] Given the options of releasing the next chapter of a beloved game so that our fans can experience the story of "Yakuza" vs. not releasing it at all, we felt it was worth it to release it with 99% of the content intact. We made sure that the story in no way, shape or form changed from the lack of the quiz show or hostess clubs. You can still go into Cabarets and on dates with the ladies in the game."
Sega gave no further details about what was cut, but comparing the eastern and western releases PSN Trophy lists revealed that five trophies (out of 50) had been removed, two sub-scenario missions (out of 103) were cut as well half-aspect of romancing the club hostesses (out of 10 completion challenges) and four minigames (out of 20). The remaining 45 trophies are the same as in the original Japanese 2009 release, except two Bronze trophies, named "Legendary Champion" and "Key Collector", were upranked as Silver trophies. Removal of a first trophy called hinted that the sidestory called was cut. This mission consists of scouting a young female NPC in the Downtown Ryukyu (Shoko, Hiromi, Shō and Kirie) or Kamurocho (Ritsuko) areas, and to make her the top hostess at cabaret club South Island, by customizing her physical aspects (with variable parameters such as make-up, haircut, outfit and "à la mode" accessories). A similar club management mission was introduced in "Yakuza 2", in which the club, rather than the girls, is customized. Club or "cabaret" hostesses are a common phenomenon in Japan and have dedicated fashion magazines; such as "Koakuma Ageha" which is a tie-in with the game. This mission reappeared in "Ryū ga Gotoku 4".
Removal of a second trophy, , hinted that the ten-episode hostess clubs completion challenge had been partially cut, since the trophy is unlocked by spending a large amount of money in Club Ageha, Club Koakuma and Flawless. In this multipart completion, which is a romancing challenge, Kazuma Kiryu orders food and drink while conversing with the ten hostesses. All characters are modeled after a real Japanese hostesses cast and this gameplay element was introduced in the original "Yakuza" episode. The possibility of romancing club hostess characters outside clubs in the western releases of "Yakuza 3", as officially announced by the Sega representatives, was eventually confirmed by the presence of Mika Tsuchiya of Flawless playing the pool minigame on the game's back cover. This possibility is inherited from the Japanese version since the romancing completion challenge actually includes both hostess club dialogues (ordering meals and offering presents) and dating activities such as dual sessions of pool, darts, bowling and karaoke. If the former text part was cut, the latter dating part, which requires a minor translation work, definitely remain in the western releases. While the hostesses remained, the trophy was still removed since it was impossible to spend money on them within the club setting.
The third trophy to be removed was which requires the player to take the Love In Heart massage parlor's two courses. This erotic minigame was cut along with its connected sidestory, where the masseuse, Ayaka Tsubaki, reveals to Kiryu that she is actually a transsexual. This minor character is modeled after its voice actress, Ayana Tsubaki, who is a Japanese TV personality and a transsexual herself.
The fourth and fifth cut trophies, and respectively were the first sign that both shogi and mahjong minigames had been removed from the western releases. These are based on traditional board games that are fairly popular in Japan, yet uncommon overseas.
Another confirmed cut was Kamurocho Club Sega's "Answer & Answer", a Japanese history quiz minigame based on the real Sega arcade game, which is only available in Japanese game centers. The last cut was an Adventure Mode unlockable bonus item, Ukiyo's Bell, which is awarded to players of the eastern-only PlayStation 3 spinoff "Ryū ga Gotoku Kenzan!" and, as such, would be both impractical and impossible for the majority of players.
Challenge Pack.
According to a community manager's official announcement on the Sega America blog: "Yakuza fans who pre-order the game at their local GameStop will receive additional content via the Challenge Pack. This will allow them to enjoy 2 player mini games, competing against their friends at Pool, Bowling, Darts and Golf. They will also be able to customize their principal characters with four alternative costumes for Kazuma, Haruka and Rikiya."
Battle Pack.
The PAL version was released as a standard deluxe edition called Battle Pack (or Premium Pack). The package's sticker lists the following free contents: "Bonus enhanced CD soundtrack with a guide to Who's Who in the world of Yakuza + 4 pieces of unlockable content."
As an ECD, this CD contains both audio and interactive features. The audio part is the full OST featuring the 31 tracks licensed by JASRAC; it was previously sold by Sega's audio branch in the Japanese market and is now offered to western customers. The data part cointains a fully animated characters guide called Yakuza Who's Who; like the OST these profiles are exclusive to the western releases.
Licensed movie version.
North American video distributor Tokyo Shock (Media Blasters) set the release date and cover art of its licensed DVD version for "" in order to match the local marketing for "Yakuza 3". The English subtitled version for Takashi Miike's 2007 live-action film adaptation of the first "Yakuza" game was originally planned for a March 2010 release date; the release schedule was eventually changed to February 23, 2010.
Release.
A free demo version was released on the Japanese PlayStation Store on February 19, 2009. The same demo was released on the European PlayStation Store on February 18, 2010.
Due to their commercial success all Asian versions had bargain re-releases, a PlayStation 3 the Best edition in Asia on November 30, 2009, then in Japan on December 3, 2009 and a PlayStation 3 BigHit Series edition on December 11, 2009 in Korea.
Reception.
The Japanese industry gave it the "Award for excellence" in the Japan Game Awards 2009's "Games of the Year Division" for its "Dramatic story development, freedom of the story and the graphics elaborated up to the details of the work. In addition, amusement found in every portion of the game including the vast number of sub-stories and mini games. This work was awarded the prize for the high quality of entertainment." "Yakuza 3" also earned SCEJ's PlayStation Award 2009 Gold prize for achieving more than 500,000 sales in the Japanese market. Other Gold Prizes were "Resident Evil 5" (PS3) and Dissidia Final Fantasy (PSP). It was also well received in the west, with the UK's Official PlayStation Magazine awarding it 9/10; however, it was criticised for the removal of content during localization.
"Yakuza 3" is the second best selling 2009 PlayStation 3 game in Japan, following Square-Enix's million-selling "Final Fantasy XIII" but outselling Capcom's "Resident Evil 5" blockbuster, and is part of 2009's best-selling titles in this market with 499,436 copies sold as of December 7, 2009 according to Weekly Famitsu. By March 27, 2010 Yakuza 3 had sold more than 683,905 copies worldwide and approximately 120,000 in the west.
Sequel.
"Yakuza 4" was released in Japan in March 2010, and was released in North America and Europe at the first quarter of 2011. A spin-off game, "Ryū ga Gotoku Of the End", was originally scheduled for be release in Japan in March 2011, however due to the Earthquake the game was delayed until June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18252030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252030" title="Sphinx Senior Society">
Sphinx Senior Society

The Sphinx Senior Society is the oldest honor and most prestigious society at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The organization, founded in 1900, is self-perpetuating and consists of a maximum of 30 members selected annually. Its members are a diverse and varied group, coming from all areas of achievement, community, activities, and backgrounds. However each member is chosen because of the singular achievements of his or her committed leadership to the university, its community and the public.
Membership.
The undergraduate society ranges from 25-30 members per class depending on each class's preference. Members, officially called "Sphinges," represent outstanding individuals that have served the university in some form or manner and are selected based on their achievement, character, involvement, leadership, and vision. This membership perpetuates through "tapping" (a common society term meaning invite) every spring where current members personally nominate deserving juniors to attend a smoker. This informal smoker provides an opportunity for the taps to pick up an application as well as for the current members to meet and screen nominees before seniors go through the selection process.

</doc>
<doc id="18252049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252049" title="Mark Martin (disambiguation)">
Mark Martin (disambiguation)

Mark Martin (born 1959) is an American racecar driver.
Mark Martin may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18252126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252126" title="Silje Ekroll Jahren">
Silje Ekroll Jahren

Silje Ekroll Jahren (born 10 May 1988) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor and junior world champion.
She won a gold medal in the "relay" at the 2007 Junior World Orienteering Championships in Dubbo, Australia, together with Kine Hallan Steiwer and Siri Ulvestad, in a close race with the Swedish team.
She received a silver medal in "sprint" at the 2008 Junior World Orienteering Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden, finishing less than two seconds behind winner Emma Klingenberg.
She competed at the 2012 World Orienteering Championships. In the sprint competition she qualified for the final, where he placed 10th.
Her mother club is Raumar (Ullensaker), but she now represents Sävedalen AIK.
She has also competed in cross-country skiing, for Ullensaker SK.

</doc>
<doc id="18252131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252131" title="Asclepiades the Cynic">
Asclepiades the Cynic

Asclepiades (; 4th century) was a Cynic philosopher. He is mentioned by the emperor Julian whom Asclepiades visited at Antioch in 362. Ammianus Marcellinus describes how Asclepiades accidentally destroyed the temple of Apollo at Daphne in Antioch, when some candles he lit set light to the woodwork, burning down the temple:
The philosopher Asclepiades, whom I have mentioned in the history of Magnentius, when he had come to that suburb from abroad to visit Julian, placed before the lofty feet of the statue a little silver image of the "Dea Caelestis", which he always carried with him wherever he went, and after lighting some wax tapers as usual, went away. From these tapers after midnight, when no one could be present to render aid, some flying sparks alighted on the woodwork, which was very old, and the fire, fed by the dry fuel, mounted and burned whatever it could reach, at however great a height it was.
The "Dea Caelestis" ("Heavenly Goddess") figurine, which Asclepiades always carried with him, was the Roman name for Tanit, the patron goddess of Carthage. Asclepiades was apparently still alive around 390, when a female relative of his was commended to Magnillus by Symmachus. 
Another Cynic called Asclepiades, who must have lived at least two centuries earlier, is mentioned by Tertullian. He tells us that this Asclepiades inspected the world riding on the back of a cow, occasionally drawing milk from her udder.

</doc>
<doc id="18252147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252147" title="Kerri Randles">
Kerri Randles

Kerri Lee Randles (born June 15, 1971) is an American actress, writer and producer.
Biography.
Early life.
Randles was born in Decatur, Illinois, the daughter of Virginia, a secretary, and Terry, a business owner. She attended the University of Illinois at Chicago with an art scholarship but soon switched her major to Theatre. She studied theatre at Victory Gardens with Steven Ivcich and was part of improv with Mick Napier at the Annoyance Theater. She worked on John Hughes' films, "Home Alone" and "Curly Sue" as an extra, before earning a chance to audition in Hollywood for "Roseanne".
Career.
Randles' first break came in 1993 when Oliver Stone gave her a bit part in "Heaven & Earth", earning Kerri her Screen Actors Guild card. Her first supporting role came in 1994 when she played Missy in the Showtime Rebel Highway series, Jailbreakers, directed by William Friedkin. Subsequent roles after that included Marilyn Monroe, in "Introducing Dorothy Dandridge" for HBO, directed by Martha Coolidge, "Poor White Trash", and "Scenes of the Crime". She recently worked with Angelina Jolie on Clint Eastwood's, "Changeling".
In June 2010, Randles' brought her one-woman show Can't You Hear Me Knockin? to the stage, opening the first ever Hollywood Fringe Festival, to rave reviews. Taking over 7 years to develop, her collaboration with renowned stage director, Tony Abatemarco, proved a success. Knockin' hits New York for a limited engagement at Off-Off gem, Manhattan Theatre Source November 2010. A memoir will follow the London production in 2011.
Personal life.
Kerri is also an avid collector of art and is known to produce shows for artists. She collaborated on the Banksy, "Barely Legal", Los Angeles show in 2006, and also produced "The Sex Lives of Mannequins" (Chicago and LA), for Charles Evans, Jr., producer of "The Aviator".

</doc>
<doc id="18252186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252186" title="Rex Energy">
Rex Energy

Rex Energy Corporation is an independent energy company engaged in the acquisition, production, exploration and development of oil and gas, with properties concentrated in the Appalachian, Illinois, and Permian regions. The Company pursues a balanced growth strategy of exploiting its sizeable inventory of lower risk developmental drilling locations, pursuing its higher potential exploration drilling prospects and actively seeking to acquire complementary oil and natural gas properties.

</doc>
<doc id="18252189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252189" title="Prince of the South... The Hits">
Prince of the South... The Hits

Prince of the South... The Hits is a compilation album released by Mystikal. It was released on August 10, 2004 for Jive Records. The album peaked at #27 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.

</doc>
<doc id="18252215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252215" title="DJG">
DJG

DJG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18252217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252217" title="Chaty">
Chaty

The Chaty of Chat Tatars were one of the Tatar groups under the rule of the Sibir Khanate. They are all but extinct today with only five people so identified in the 2002 Russian census.

</doc>
<doc id="18252225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252225" title="Nesoi">
Nesoi

The name Nesoi can mean:-

</doc>
<doc id="18252240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252240" title="Totoy Bato">
Totoy Bato

Totoy Bato is a boxing-themed Philippine drama from GMA Network, based on the graphic novel created by Carlo J. Caparas, that depicts the remarkable story of an ordinary person named Totoy Magtanggol, played by Robin Padilla, becoming a skillful boxer and conquering injustice with bravery and compassion. The series premiered on February 23. This is considered to be the first "Indie Television Show" for Robin's own crew in the production and blocking the powers of the management to control the show.
Synopsis.
Anna Molina (Regine Velasquez) dreams to be a popular and successful singer someday. Her friend Arturo "Totoy Bato" Magtanggol (Robin Padilla), on the other hand, only dreams of being with his father. After his mother died, Totoy's wish comes true when his father comes home after serving his sentence, Podong (Ronnie Lazaro) turns out to be an abusive and cruel dad. Totoy's only comfort is Anna, his best friend and true love, who promised never to leave his side, breaks her promise when her materialistic mother Matilda (Deborah Sun) decides to live in Manila, she leaves Totoy with a promise that she will come back for him.
Years pass, Anna is now a famous singer in the country, and the quiet life of Totoy will be disturbed when a land grabber appears and kills his loving wife Elena (Ara Mina). Madness and revenge engulfs Totoy and he promises to fight the manipulative haciendero no matter what. Totoy decides to start a new life in Manila — where faces more fights, this time in the boxing arena where he will be known as Totoy Bato.
Soundtracks.
All of the theme songs of this show performed by Regine Velasquez
DVD release.
The series was released onto DVD-format by GMA Records. The DVDs are in volumes, containing all of the shows episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="18252252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252252" title="Kine Hallan Steiwer">
Kine Hallan Steiwer

Kine Hallan Steiwer (born 23 May 1988) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor and junior world champion.
She won a gold medal in the "relay" at the 2007 Junior World Orienteering Championships in Dubbo, together with Silje Ekroll Jahren and Siri Ulvestad, in a close race with the Swedish team. She also received a silver medal in the "long course".
At the 2008 Junior World Orienteering Championships in Göteborg Kine Hallan Steiwer, together with Annette Baklid and Mariann Ulvestad, ran for second team of Norway and brought home a bronze medal in the relay.

</doc>
<doc id="18252275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252275" title="Toronto Airport Express">
Toronto Airport Express

Toronto Airport Express is a bus service operated by Pacific Western Transportation. It was established in 1993, after the demise of Gray Coach, who were contracted to establish services (Airporter or Toronto Airport Express Service) between the downtown core of Toronto and what is now Toronto Pearson International Airport. The service operates 20 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. It runs at 20-minute intervals during peak times and 30-minute intervals off-peak.
Airport Express (and Gray Coach before them) formerly operated two additional routes, one connecting the airport to Islington subway station and the other to Yorkdale and York Mills stations. These were withdrawn in 2000 after the TTC introduced a competing express service from Kipling station, which charges regular TTC fares bus but until 2013 used regular TTC buses with no space intended for luggage.
Route.
There are nine downtown Toronto destinations:
Fleet.
The Airport Express uses H345 Prevost Car motor coaches. They are powered by engines that produce 55 per cent less nitrogen oxide and 90 per cent less particulate matter than the previous models. The coaches also come with new features including:

</doc>
<doc id="18252276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252276" title="Berekhya">
Berekhya

Berekhya () is a moshav in southern Israel. Located four kilometres east of Ashkelon, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof Ashkelon Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 921.
The moshav was founded in the winter of 1950 by immigrants from the Tunisian island of Djerba who had formed a community whilst in a camp in Pardes Hana. Built on the land of the abandoned Arab village of Julis, its name is an expression of the founders' wishes for the blessing (, "Brakha") of God.

</doc>
<doc id="18252320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252320" title="Richard Lawson (UK politician)">
Richard Lawson (UK politician)

Richard Lawson has been a member of various far right groups in the United Kingdom.
Lawson was the Student Organiser for the British National Front. In 1976 he was part of the Strasserite split away from the National Front which formed the National Party.
He founded the NF-affiliated IONA (Islands of North Atlantic) group in the mid-1980s for the purpose of "the study, revival, promotion and development of the islands of the North Atlantic". Presenting itself as an intellectual elite concerned with British culture and environment, it was closely linked to the far right magazine "Scorpion". IONA has subsequently been characterised as a Nazi group.
Lawson contributed articles to Michael Walker's "Scorpion" magazine, as well as co-organising at least one conference with the publication.
In 1989 Lawson was involved with setting up the Transeuropa Collective to discuss "European identities, autonomies and initiatives". Transeuropa published ten issues of a journal titled "Perspectives". The magazine was criticised by "Searchlight" magazine for anti-semitism and for infiltrating the green movement. "Here & Now" magazine's review stated that Perspectives "says 'Green' but means 'White'".
In 1995 Lawson launched the Fluxeuropa website as "A postmodernist cultural review of art, books, films and music focusing on the creative tension between tradition and modernity." Around this time, he also became involved with "Alternative Green" magazine along with Troy Southgate.
In 1997 Transeuropa launched a new magazine called "Radical Shift". "Searchlight" magazine described the magazine's intention as "to delegitimise anti-racism, anti-fascism and liberal democracy in favour of... ethnic separation, bigoted regionalism and chauvinistic nationalism".

</doc>
<doc id="18252332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252332" title="Channel 7 – Mendoza">
Channel 7 – Mendoza

LV 89 TV Canal 7 Mendoza is an Argentine over-the-air television channel broadcasting from Las Heras, province of Mendoza. It is affiliated with the Channel Thirteen of Buenos Aires and America TV.
History.
Founded on February 7, 1961, the channel started broadcasting under as an independent station until an unknown date. It uses a 20 kW Harris transmitter with a 36 meter antenna to reach most of the province, relying on translators to fill in the gaps. Channel 7 produces several local shows, including daily newscasts and public affairs programming. The station pre-empts a moderate amount of the network's schedule, like the weekend cartoons and movies to accommodate the local shows.

</doc>
<doc id="18252345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252345" title="The Seven Who Were Hanged">
The Seven Who Were Hanged

The Seven That Were Hanged () is a 1908 short story by Russian author Leonid Andreyev. The novel was adapted for film in 1920. Herman Bernstein translated the novel from Russian to English.
Plot.
"The Seven Who Were Hanged" depicts the fates of five leftist revolutionaries foiled in their attack and two common peasants who have received death sentences. These condemned men are awaiting their executions by hanging. In prison, each of the prisoners deals with his fate in his own way.

</doc>
<doc id="18252374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252374" title="Leyla Chihuán">
Leyla Chihuán

Leyla Felicita Chihuán Ramos (born September 4, 1975 in Lima) is a former female volleyball player from Peru, of quechua and Afro-Peruvian, who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics. In 2011, she entered politics, becoming a Congresswoman.
Sports career.
She was the captain of the Peruvian volleyball national team from 2005 to 2010 2006 FIVB Women's World Championship.
She has played in several teams in Spain and Italy.
Playing in Chiapas, Mexico with her National Senior Team, she won the Best Blocker award and the silver medal at the 2010 Final Four Cup.
Chihuán stated during the "2010 FIVB Women's World Championship" that it would be her last tournament with her team and that she would step down as player and captain. After Peru's final match against China she told reporters in interviews that she did not leave because of some physical or age related issue but due to ""circumstances"" that she could not control.
Political career.
In 2011, Leyla Chihuán was elected to the Congress of Peru on the list of the fujimorist Fuerza 2011 party, representing the city of Lima. She is one of four female ex-volleyball players serving in Congress for the 2011-2016 term.

</doc>
<doc id="18252424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252424" title="Ángel Roberto Seifart">
Ángel Roberto Seifart

Ángel Roberto Seifart is a Paraguayan senior politician from the Colorado Party. 
Seifart was a judge during Stroessner era. Later he was minister of education in the military government of Andrés Rodríguez. In the Paraguayan general election, 1993 he was elected Vice President of Paraguay as running mate of Juan Carlos Wasmosy for the period from 15 August 1993 to 15 August 1998 and also a minister in the cabinet of Raúl Cubas Grau.

</doc>
<doc id="18252466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252466" title="Treaty of Fort Confederation">
Treaty of Fort Confederation

The Treaty of Fort Confederation was signed on October 17, 1802 between the Choctaw (an American Indian tribe) and the United States Government. The treaty ceded about of Choctaw land, including the site of Fort Tombecbe, also known as Fort Confederation.
Terms.
The preamble begins with.
1. Boundary lines to be re-mark 
2. Title to lands released to the U.S.
3. Alteration of old boundary
4. When the treaty will take effect
Signatories.
James Wilkinson, Tuskona Hoopoio, Mingo Pooskoos, Poosha Matthaw, Oak Chummy, Tuskee Maiaby, Latalahomah, Mooklahoosoopoieh, Mingo Hom Astubby, Tuskahoma, Silas Dinsmoor (Agent to the Choctaws), John Pitchlynn, Turner Brashears, Peter H. Marsalis, and John Long.

</doc>
<doc id="18252469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252469" title="Aloïse">
Aloïse

Aloïse can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18252472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252472" title="Robert V. Richardson">
Robert V. Richardson

Robert Vinkler Richardson (November 4, 1820 – January 6, 1870) was a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.
Early life.
Richardson was born in Granville County, North Carolina, on November 4, 1820. His family moved to Hardeman County, Tennessee, when Richardson was a child. Richardson was admitted to the bar and moved to Memphis, Tennessee, in 1847 to practice there. He made business connections with Nathan Bedford Forrest and Gideon J. Pillow.
Civil War.
During the early part of the War, Richardson served under Pillow and recruited the 12th Tennessee Cavalry (also known as the 1st Tennessee Partisan Rangers) and was elected that unit's colonel. Richardson engaged in the Battle of Shiloh and the Siege of Corinth. He was attached to Forrest's command in the fall of 1863. On December 3, he was appointed brigadier general; however, after being confirmed his nomination was returned by the Confederate Senate at the request of President Jefferson Davis on February 9, 1864. From then to the remainder of the War, his regiment was attached to James R. Chalmers' command.
A communication from Richardson dated October 28, 1863 at Water Valley, MS indicated the difficult living conditions experienced during the War: “For God and the country’s sake, make your fair promising but never complying Quartermaster send me skillets, ovens, pots, or anything else that will bake bread or fry meat. I want clothing, shoes and blankets for my naked and freezing men. . . . I cannot fight any more until I get something to cook in.”
Post-War and murder.
After the War, Richardson travelled abroad and lived overseas. He returned to Memphis and worked in levee and railroad construction with Forrest. After stopping at a tavern in Clarkton, Missouri, on January 5, 1870, he was shot by an unknown assailant who fired a shotgun at him from behind a wagon in the tavern yard. He died the next day and is buried in Elmwood Cemetery in Memphis.

</doc>
<doc id="18252475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252475" title="Clive Williamson">
Clive Williamson

Clive Williamson formed the UK group Symbiosis in 1987, making ambient, soundtrack and healing music with founder-members flautist John Hackett and Richard Bolton (guitars and cello). He is a sound engineer, musician and producer with the group and as a graphic designer and photographer he also created the album covers for their releases on CD and on Apple’s iTunes.
Williamson plays keyboards, wind synthesizer, flutes and hand percussion, and occasionally provides vocals for Symbiosis. His first appearance on record was on the track "Shaving is Boring" by the UK group Hatfield and the North (1973). He wrote the introductory music for the TV series Paradise Gardens (BBC2) and in 1996 and ’97 visited New Zealand to record natural atmospheres and NZ wildlife for "AOTEAROA - Nature Sounds of New Zealand" by Symbiosis (1997).
Before starting Symbiosis, Williamson worked as a free-lance radio journalist for the BBC and Capital Radio, interviewing many artists, photographers and musicians in the late seventies including bass-player Jaco Pastorius, Frank Zappa and Brian Eno. Turning his attention to new technology, he published many articles and three books on computing: ‘Getting the most from your BBC Micro’; Getting the most from your Acorn Electron (Penguin Books); and ‘Mastering View, Viewsheet and Viewstore’ (Sigma Press). After a brief spell in TV production he moved back to radio, producing education programmes about industrial design, health, computing and sound. ('The Science of Sound' was presented by singer and actress Toyah Willcox and broadcast in the UK on Radio 4 and on the BBC World Service.) He now publishes an on-line magazine about creative uses of technology in music called ‘Digital DIY’.
Clive Williamson lives and works in West London, where the Symbiosis Music design and sound studios are based. In 2003/4, he recorded John Hackett and pianist Sally Goodworth's album "Velvet Afternoon" and designed the cover for that album and John Hackett’s later solo release: "Checking Out of London" (March 2005). In May 2005, Williamson produced the globally inspired Symbiosis album "Dancing in Your Dreams" and in 2008 he designed the cover for the John Hackett flute and guitar album "Prelude to Summer". 
Symbiosis Music Website
Digital DIY On-line magazine
John Hackett
References.
2. http://www.soundonsound.com/sos/1996_articles/jul96/digitaldiy.html
3. http://www.symbiosis-music.com/Recording_NZ_Nature_Sounds.html
4. http://www.symbiosis-music.com/church.html

</doc>
<doc id="18252502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252502" title="Shlomo Zalman Porush">
Shlomo Zalman Porush

Rabbi Shlomo Zalman Porush, (Hebrew: שלמה זלמן פרוש), was born in Babruysk, Russian Empire (now Belarus) in 1850 to his father Rabbi Naftali Zvi Porush (d. 1866) and mother Leah (d. 1900). He died in Jerusalem in 1898 and is buried on the Mount of Olives.
Biography.
He arrived in Eretz Yisroel as a little boy in 1860 together with his parents and a brother Gershon and a sister. As a Jerusalem community leader of the Yishuv haYashan he founded the neighborhood of Shaarei Chesed and created the Shaarei Chesed Free-Loan Fund, which he directed on a voluntary basis for 18 years.
Some of his children were also leaders of the Yishuv haYashan. His children were: Rabbi Naftali Zvi Porush (the second), Rabbi Akiva Porush, Rabbi Aaron Porush, Rabbi Eliezer Lipa (Lipman) Porush, Rabbi Liber Mordechai Porush. A daughter married his brother Gershon's son Rabbi Menachem Mendel Porush. Another daughter Tzivia married Rabbi Chaim Yehuda Leib Auerbach and their son was Rabbi Shlomo Zalman Auerbach who was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18252517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252517" title="Anya Linden">
Anya Linden

Anya Linden, Lady Sainsbury of Preston Candover (born 3 January 1933) is a retired English ballerina. She spent her childhood in California, where she received her early training with Koslov in Hollywood. She returned to England in 1947 and studied at the Sadler's Wells Ballet School, joining the company in 1951. She was promoted to soloist 1954 and to ballerina 1958. She married John Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Preston Candover in 1963 and retired from dancing in 1965. In 1987 she founded the Linbury Biennial Prize for Stage Design to identify and encourage talented newcomers to the field of theatre design.

</doc>
<doc id="18252545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252545" title="Milagros Moy">
Milagros Moy

Milagros Alicia Moy Alvarado (born October 17, 1975) is a volleyball player from Peru, who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics: 1996 and 2000. She plays as a wing-spiker. 
Career.
She played for the German team "Rote Raben Vilsbiburg" for the 2008/09 season.
For the 2009/2010 season, she played with Valeriano Alles Menorca Volei in the Spanish Superliga Femenina de Voleibol.
Moy returned to play in the Peruvian League, signing with the Universidad César Vallejo club. She won the league championship with the club in that season and was awarded Most Valuable Player. She then played the South American Club Championship and her club lost to Brazilian Unilever, winning the silver medal and the Best Server individual award.

</doc>
<doc id="18252551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252551" title="Semyon Morozov">
Semyon Morozov

Semyon Grigoryevich Morozov (; , Taganrog – 23 February 1943, Taganrog) was commissar of the Taganrog antifascist underground organization (1941–1943). He was posthumously awarded the Hero of the Soviet Union title. 
Semion Morozov studied at the Taganrog school No 15 for 7 years. In 1938 he graduated from the "High Communist Agricultural School" in Rostov-on-Don and was appointed chief of the Department of Agitation and Propaganda at the District Committee of Komsomol (Young Communist League) in the Kazanskaya stanitsa (Cossack village) of the Verkhnedonskoy District of the Rostov Oblast. In 1939 Morozov worked as deputy director at the Pioneers’ Club. Then he was appointed the chief of the department of propaganda and agitation at the City Committee of Komsomol. At the same time he studied at the Taganrog Teachers' College. Since 1941 he worked as the First Secretary of the City Committee. He was engaged in the organizational activities in the occupied Taganrog. He was arrested in February 1943 and shot to death in the Gully of Petrushino. 
One of the streets in Taganrog was named after Semyon Morozov. A brass plaque is set on the wall of the house where he lived.

</doc>
<doc id="18252586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252586" title="Henry John Burden">
Henry John Burden

Henry John Burden DSO, DFC (28 April 1894 –28 March 1960) was a Canadian First World War flying ace, officially credited with 16 victories.
The son of Charles Eldridge and Maggie Burden, and grandson of department store founder Timothy Eaton, Henry Burden first saw action with the Canadian Forestry Company in France in mid 1916. 
He transferred to the Royal Flying Corps in April 1917 for flight training. Qualifying as a pilot, he flew the S.E.5a with No. 56 Squadron in France from February 1918 onwards. He claimed five Fokker D.VIIs shot down on 10 August 1918, and two days later he claimed three more. He was awarded the DSO and DFC in November 1918.
His final wartime tally consisted of 13 ( and 1 shared) destroyed, and 2 'out of control'.
Burden became an architect after the war and died in March 1960 aged 64. His sister Margaret married fellow Canadian ace Billy Bishop.

</doc>
<doc id="18252617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252617" title="B88">
B88

B88 may refer to :
B-88 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18252667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252667" title="The Fools in Town are on Our Side">
The Fools in Town are on Our Side

The Fools in Town are on Our Side is a 1970 crime/espionage/social satire novel by American author Ross Thomas. The title is a paraphrased partial quote of a line from Mark Twain's The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn: 
"Hain’t we got all the fools in town on our side? And ain’t that a big enough majority in any town?"
Plot.
The novel is set around the time of its publication and follows Lucifer Clarence Dye, freshly exposed as a US intelligence agent following a bungled operation in Singapore (where a Chinese operative Dye had been trying to recruit instead died of a freak heart attack during a routine polygraph test.) Having just been released from a three-month term in a Singaporean jail in exchange for an official US apology (and a large bribe), Dye is cashiered by the small, independent agency Section 2 and is immediately offered a job by an eccentric young man, Victor Orcutt. A self-proclaimed genius, Orcutt has decided to address the then-topical challenge of urban decay; however, his immodestly named "Orcutt's First Law" states that "Before things get better, they must get much worse." Dye's assignment is, therefore, to "corrupt me a city."
The city in question is Swankerton, a fictional settlement on the Texas Gulf Coast where Victor Orcutt Associates has been hired to aid the election of a "Reform" slate to city offices. Swankerton hardly needs corrupting, being practically afloat on a cesspool of vice and depravity already; the "Reform" poobahs are if anything worse than the current leadership, which is knee-deep in drugs, gambling, whores, and worse, and is backed by a New Orleans mob boss, Giuseppe "Joe Lucky" Lucarelli. Nevertheless, Dye and Orcutt's other operative, semi-disgraced ex-police chief Homer Necessary, dive right in.
Alternating chapters flash back to Dye's past: his childhood as the ward of Tante Katerine, White Russian madam of Shanghai's best whorehouse, his adoption by Gorman Smalldane, war correspondent, and their internment by the Japanese, his marriage to the daughter of the head of Section 2 and his subsequent recruitment, and the violent rape and murder of his wife during an attempt by an enemy organization to coerce information out of his father-in-law.
The rest of the main story deals with Dye's budding romance with Orcutt's assistant, the ex-prostitute Carol Thackerty, his meteoric ascent through the rotten power structure of Swankerton, and his conflict with Ramsey Lynch (née Mongomery Vicker,) the New Orleans mob's representative in Swankerton and brother of Gerald Vicker, whom Dye had caused to be dismissed from Section 2 on suspicion of spying for China while Vicker was his subordinate at its Hong Kong station. After his efforts begin to draw attention, Dye is ordered out of the limelight by his former employers, a request he places himself in additional danger by refusing.
Tone.
The book is written in first-person POV. Dye's narrative is clipped, matter-of-fact, and unembellished, though wickedly incisive on personal and social matters. While he is capable of acting decisively and forcefully, Dye's overall manner is apathetic and unmotivated, except slightly by money. Additionally he has several odd behavioral quirks, including an aversion to firearms, which apparently stem from the death of his wife. While he does not speak of it, the trauma of her loss seems to have left him in a prolonged state of something resembling shell-shock - his foster-father Gorman Smalldane observes that Dye has spent the last fifteen years acting like a zombie.

</doc>
<doc id="18252691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252691" title="Bakrani Taluka">
Bakrani Taluka

Bakrani taluka () is a newly created taluka of Larkana. It is situated in the south of Larkana city between taluka Larkana and taulka Dokri. Main villages of the Taluka are: Bakrani, Arija, Gul Muhammad Tunio, Ganja Tunia, Sijawal Tunio, Hafiz Haroon Tunio, Goth Pathan, Farid Abad, Gerilo, Mihrabpur, Bakho Dero, Mad Bahu. Main crops and vegetables grown in the taulka are: rice, wheat, cauliflower, spinach, onion, turnip etc. Agricultural land is irrigated by Rice and Dadu canals. The are many rice and wood mills, ice factories in the Taluka. 
Contributed by: Tunio Mir Murtaza, University of Sindh, Jamshoro.

</doc>
<doc id="18252697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252697" title="Battle of Ollantaytambo">
Battle of Ollantaytambo

The Battle of Ollantaytambo (, ) took place in January 1537, between the forces of Inca emperor Manco Inca and a Spanish expedition led by Hernando Pizarro during the Spanish conquest of Peru. A former ally of the Spaniards, Manco Inca rebelled in May 1536, and besieged a Spanish garrison in the city of Cusco. To end the stand-off, the besieged mounted a raid against the emperor's headquarters in the town of Ollantaytambo. The expedition, commanded by Hernando Pizarro, included 100 Spaniards and some 30,000 Indian auxiliaries against an Inca army more than 30,000 strong.
There is some controversy over the actual location of the battle; according to John Hemming it took place in the town itself, while Jean-Pierre Protzen argues that the nearby plain of Mascabamba better matches the descriptions of the encounter. In any case, the Inca army managed to hold the Spanish forces from a set of high terraces and flood their position to hinder their cavalry. Severely pressed and unable to advance, the Spaniards withdrew by night to Cusco. Despite this victory, the arrival of Spanish reinforcements to Cusco forced Manco Inca to abandon Ollantaytambo and seek refuge in the heavily forested region of Vilcabamba where an independent Inca state survived until 1572.
Prelude.
In 1531, a group of Spaniards led by Francisco Pizarro landed on the shores of the Inca Empire, thus starting the Spanish conquest of Peru. At that time the empire was emerging from a civil war in which Atahualpa had defeated his brother Huascar to claim the title of Sapa Inca. Atahualpa underestimated the strength of the small force of Spaniards and was captured during an ambush at Cajamarca in November 1532. Pizarro ordered the execution of the emperor in July 1533, and occupied the Inca capital of Cusco four months later. To replace Atahualpa, Pizarro installed his brother Túpac Huallpa as a puppet ruler, but he died shortly afterwards. Another brother, Manco Inca, was crowned in his place. During this stage, Atahualpa's generals were the only opposition to the Spanish advance as a sizable part of the empire's population had fought on Huascar's side during the civil war and joined Pizarro against their enemies.
For a while, Manco Inca and the conquistadors maintained cordial relations, together they defeated Atahualpa's generals and reestablished Inca rule over most of the empire. However, Manco came to realize that real authority rested in Spanish hands when his house was looted with impunity by a Spaniard mob in 1535. Following this episode, the Inca emperor was subject to constant harassment as the Spaniards demanded gold, took away his wives, and even imprisoned him. In response, he fled his capital to start an uprising. In May 1536, an Inca army besieged Cusco, which was garrisoned by a group of Spaniards and native allies. The conquistadors were hard pressed but they managed to resist and counterattack, storming the main Inca stronghold at Sacsayhuaman. Meanwhile, Manco's generals occupied the central highlands of Peru and annihilated several expeditions sent to reinforce Cusco but failed in their attempt to take the recently founded Spanish capital of Lima. As a result of these events, neither side was able to break the deadlock at Cusco for several months, so the Spaniard garrison decided to make a direct attack on Manco's headquarters at the town of Ollantaytambo, northwest of the city.
Sources.
Primary sources about the battle of Ollantaytambo were written mainly by Spaniards. Pedro Pizarro, a cousin of Francisco Pizarro, was part of the expedition against Manco Inca's headquarters. Years later he wrote down his recollections of these and other events in a chronicle called "Relación del descubrimiento y conquista de los reinos del Perú", completed in 1571. The anonymous "Relación del sitio del Cuzco y principio de las guerras civiles del Perú hasta la muerte de Diego de Almagro" starts in January 1536 when Hernando Pizarro arrived in Cusco, and ends with the execution of Diego de Almagro in July 1538. This chronicle, which includes an account of Manco Inca's rebellion and the attack on Ollantaytambo, was written in 1539 probably by Diego de Silva, a Spanish soldier who was actually in Lima during the uprising. An account of the battle was also included in the "Historia general de los hechos de los Castellanos en las islas y tierra firme del Mar Oceano" written by Antonio de Herrera y Tordesillas between 1610 and 1615. Herrera was the "Cronista Mayor de las Indias" (Chronicler-in-Chief of the Indies) of the Spanish Crown and despite writing in Madrid, had access to many documents and sources. On the Inca side, the only written account of the battle is included in the "Relación de la conquista del Perú y hechos del Inca Manco II" written in 1570 by Titu Cusi Yupanqui, son of Manco Inca.
Order of battle.
Manco Inca had gathered more than 30,000 troops at Ollantaytambo, among them, a large number of recruits from tribes of the Amazon Rainforest. Manco Inca's forces were a militia army made up mostly of conscripted farmers with only rudimentary weapons training. This was the regular fare in the Inca empire, where military service was a duty for all married men between 25 and 50 years old. In combat, these soldiers were organized according to their ethnic group and led into battle by their native leaders, called "kurakas". They used melee weapons such as maces, clubs and spears as well as ranged weapons such as arrows, javelins, and slings; protective gear included helmets, shields, and quilted cloth armor. Against the conquistadors, wooden clubs and maces with stone or bronze heads were rarely able to penetrate Spanish armor; slings and other missile throwing weapons were somewhat more effective due to their accuracy and the large size of their projectiles. Even so, Inca soldiers were no match for the Spanish cavalry in open terrain so they resorted to fighting on rough terrain and digging pits in open fields to hinder the mobility of horses.
The attack was led by Hernando Pizarro, the senior Spanish commander in Cusco, with a force of 100 Spaniards (30 infantry, 70 cavalry) and an estimated 30,000 native allies. One of his main assets against the Inca armies was the Spanish cavalry because horses provided a considerable advantage in hitting power, maneuverability, speed, and stamina over Inca warriors. All Spaniards wore some kind of armor, the most commonly used types were chain mail shirts and padded cloth armor which were lighter and cheaper than full armor suits; they were complemented by steel helmets and small iron or wooden shields. The main Spanish offensive weapon was the steel sword, which horsemen supplemented with the lance; both weapons could easily penetrate the padded armor worn by Inca troops. Firearms, such as arquebuses were rarely used during the Spanish conquest of Peru because they were scarce, hard to use, and despised by horsemen as an ungentlemanly weapon. Spaniards relied heavily on Indian auxiliaries because they provided thousands of warriors as well as support personnel and supplies. These native troops had the same sorts of arms and armor as their Inca counterparts. During the Ollantaytambo campaign, the Pizarro expedition included thousands of auxiliaries, mainly Cañaris, Chachapoyas, and Wankas as well as several members of the Inca nobility opposed to Manco Inca.
Battle.
The main access route to Ollantaytambo runs along a narrow valley formed in the mountains by the Urubamba River, which connects the site with Machu Picchu to the west and with Pisaq and Cusco to the east. After his uprising, Manco Inca fortified the eastern approaches to fend off attacks from the former Inca capital, now under Spanish occupation. The first line of defense was a steep bank of terraces at Pachar, near the confluence of the Anta and Urubamba rivers. Behind it, the Incas channeled the Urubamba to make it cross the valley from right to left and back thus forming two more lines backed by the fortifications of Choqana on the left bank and 'Inkapintay on the right bank. Past them, at the plain of Mascabamba, eleven high terraces closed the valley between the mountains and a deep canyon formed by the Urubamba. The only way to continue was through the gate of T'iyupunku, a thick defensive wall with two narrow doorways. In the event of these fortifications being overrun, the Temple Hill, a religious center surrounded by high terraces overlooking Ollantaytambo, provided a last line of defense.
Faced with these constraints, the Spanish expedition had to cross the river several times and fight at each ford against stiff opposition. The bulk of the Inca army confronted the Spaniards from a set of terraces overlooking a plain by the Urubamba River. Several Spanish assaults against the terraces failed against a shower of arrows, slingshots and boulders coming down from the terraces as well as from both flanks. To hinder the efforts of the Spanish cavalry the Incas flooded the plain using previously prepared channels; water eventually reached the horses' girths. The defenders then counterattacked; some of them used Spanish weapons captured in previous encounters such as swords, bucklers, armor and even a horse, ridden by Manco Inca himself. In a severely compromised situation, Hernando Pizarro ordered a retreat; under the cover of darkness the Spanish force fled through the Urubamba valley with the Incas in pursuit and reached Cusco the next day.
Battle site.
The actual location of the battle is the subject of some controversy. According to Canadian explorer John Hemming, Spanish forces occupied a plain between Ollantaytambo and the Urubamba River while the main Inca army was located on a citadel (the Temple Hill) overlooking the town, protected by seventeen terraces. However, Swiss architect Jean-Pierre Protzen argues that the topography of the town and its surrounding area does not match contemporary descriptions of the battle. An anonymous account attributed to Diego de Silva claims that the Inca army occupied a set of eleven terraces, not seventeen; while the chronicle of Pedro Pizarro describes a gate flanked by walls as the only way through the terraces. Protzen thinks that these descriptions allude to a set of eleven terraces that close the plain of Mascabamba, near Ollantaytambo, which include the heavily fortified gate of T'iyupunku. At this location, when the Spaniards faced the terraces they would have had the Urubamba River to their left and the steep hill of Cerro Pinkulluna to their right, matching the three sides from which they were attacked during the battle. If Protzen's hypothesis is correct, the river diverted to flood the battlefield was the Urubamba, and not its smaller affluent, the Patakancha, which runs alongside the town of Ollantaytambo.
Aftermath.
The success at Ollantaytambo encouraged Manco Inca to make a renewed attempt against Cusco. However, the Spaniards discovered the Inca army concentrating near the city and mounted a night attack, which inflicted heavy casualties. On April 18, 1537, a Spanish army led by Diego de Almagro returned from a long expedition to Chile and occupied Cusco. Almagro imprisoned Hernando Pizarro and his brother Gonzalo because he wanted the city for himself; most Spanish troops and their auxiliaries joined his side. He had previously tried to negotiate a settlement with Manco Inca but his efforts failed when both armies clashed at Calca, near Cusco. With the Spaniards' position consolidated by Almagro's reinforcements, Manco Inca decided that Ollantaytambo was too close to Cusco to be tenable so he withdrew further west to the town of Vitcos. Almagro sent his lieutenant Rodrigo Orgóñez in pursuit with 300 Spaniards and numerous Indian auxiliaries. In July 1537, Orgoñez occupied and sacked Vitcos taking many prisoners, but Manco managed to escape. He took refuge at Vilcabamba, a remote location where an Inca state survived until the capture and execution of Túpac Amaru, its last emperor, in 1572.

</doc>
<doc id="18252706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252706" title="Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 62 kg">
Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 62 kg

The Men's Freestyle 62 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Sangmu Gymnasium, Seongnam.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18252720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252720" title="Astro Teller">
Astro Teller

Astro Teller, PhD (born May 29, 1970) is an entrepreneur, scientist, and author, with expertise in the field of intelligent technology.
Career.
Astro Teller was born Eric Teller in Cambridge, England. He is the grandson of both Gérard Debreu and Edward Teller. Dr. Teller holds a Bachelor of Science in computer science from Stanford University, Masters of Science in symbolic computation (symbolic and heuristic computation), also from Stanford University, and a Ph.D. in artificial intelligence from Carnegie Mellon University, where he was a recipient of the prestigious Hertz fellowship. After working as a teacher at Stanford University, Teller became a business executive. 
He is the co-founder and Chairman of BodyMedia, makers of the "BodyMedia FIT", "Bodybugg", and the "Sensewear" armbands (wearable devices that function as a dashboard for the human body; measuring sleep, perspiration, motion, and calories burned).
He is also co-founder, Director, and former CEO of Cerebellum Capital.
In May 2001, he was featured on NPR's "All Things Considered", discussing how the good economy has shaped the attitudes of 30-year-olds towards their jobs.
He has lectured at both the TEDMED Conference (2003 and 2004) and ideaCity (2004).
In 2008, he appeared as a political commentator on the national French television station France24.
He is a published author with Random House. His fiction novel, "Exegesis", was published in 1997. It was translated into Dutch, Japanese, Danish, German, Italian, and Greeklish.
Teller's definition of Artificial Intelligence ("the science of how to get machines to do the things they do in movies") was quoted in Ray Kurzweil's book, "The Age of Spiritual Machines".
Astro is the co-founder and co-host of the Solve for X annual event and internet community.
Teller currently works as "Captain of Moonshots" for Google X, where a "moonshot" is a long-term project to solve a problem with a radical (often futuristic) solution.

</doc>
<doc id="18252725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252725" title="Erik &amp; Kriss">
Erik &amp; Kriss

Erik og Kriss (at times Erik & Kriss) is a Norwegian rap group created by Erik Mortvedt and Kristoffer Tømmerbakke. The duo became popular through the internet with the song "Bærumsgrammatikk" in 2004 and later with "Putt Diamanter Opp" in 2006. In 2007, they finished their first album, "Gull og Grønne Skoger", and followed that with their second album "Verden Vil Bedras" in early 2008. Their popularity grew even further after the release of their second album, first through the single "Dra Tilbake" which was released nearing the end of 2007, and more so after the release of "Det E'kke Meg Det Er Deg" in the middle of 2008. Record sales, lots of airplay on many of Norway's radio stations, and frequent performances pushed them to become one of Norway's most popular artists in rap and hip hop.
History.
Erik og Kriss began their musical career when they created the russ song "Legenden" in 2002 for their own russbus of the same name and made it available on the bus's ad hoc website. After their bus received media attention and distinguished itself among the russ through winning the prize "Årets Lydbuss" at the national russ meeting in Stavanger, along with "Årets Buss" at Eikeli videregående skole, they began to actively produce songs that were made available on their website. In a short period of time, they became known on the internet and among the younger crowd in their home municipality of Bærum. They were initially creating the songs in their bedrooms, but they took the next step to a more professional location after Kriss started collaborating with the music producer Svein E. Fjellstad and started a studio and production company, Brickwall Studio Productions.
The duo went into business with the ArtistPartner agency in the start of 2006, who would take over all the paper work, and set up the group's concert and travel plans. This increased the number of concert appearances drastically. In the Summer of 2006, the group reached their big goal when they signed a contract with the record company MTG Music. The work on their debut album began immediately after the agreement. In Janugary 2007, the group's website registered over 250,000 downloads, and since the first record release, the group had a long series of concert, often with other popular musicians. In total the duo had over 100 concert performances in 2007.
They debuted with their first album "Gull og Grønner Skoger" on 12 March 2007. The album received mixed reviews from the press, but sold well in its first week. On the charts, the record was ranked 29th, and 9th among Norwegian artists. The release concert was held 15 March 2007 at Parkteatret.
Later, on 14 January 2008, the group released their follow-up album "Verden Vil Bedras", less than a year after their first record was released. Similar to their first album, "Gull og Grønne Skoger", it also received mixed reviews from the press. Dagbladet gave it a rating of two out of a possible six, but Stavanger Aftenblad gave it a rating of five out of six. The release concert was at Rockefeller Music Hall on 19 January 2008 where they performed for a full house.
Musical style.
Lyrics.
After the duo created the song "Bærumsgramatikk", which is a self-ironic, humourous, and satirical interpretation of the situation in Bærum, they have repeatedly used the theme in their songs. In the song, they try to dispel the myths about their home town being exaggeratingly majestic, affluent, and conceited. Both in the song "Oppblåst På Livstid", and in "Putt Diamanter Opp", which is a cover of Lil' Kims "Lighters Up", they shape an exaggerated and almost pompous portrait of Bærum and their own adolescence. On their later record, "Verden Vil Bedras", they moved away from focusing on Bærum and peoples thoughts and feelings about the place.
In recent times, after the group reached an agreement with MTG Music, the lyrics of Erik og Kriss have been characterized as having a more serious undertone. The themes include: drug abuse, bullying, and the media's incessant use of scare tactics.
Production.
The tracks are produced mainly by Kriss, who with his experience from Noroff and his home studio has become a well known producer in the genre. Both albums are produced at Brickwall Studio Productions, while the earlier songs were created at Kriss' home studio.
The music of Erik og Kriss has an amusing tone – a style they have kept since the start – and attempt to spread the good message through their songs. Similarly, they also have many serious songs on their two albums.
At other times, they employ other producers. The most known of these is Alis from Klovner i Kamp, and "Andyboy", who produced the songs "Lille Norge" and "Kvinne".
Contributions.
During the period before their debut album, the vocalists Thomas Seeberg and Maria Sandsdalen contributed to many songs. Sandsdalen continued to collaborate with her vocals on both of the albums. The media personality Tor Milde contributes in the song "Anmeldelsen" from "Gull og Grønne Skoger" produced by fotballplayer Christer George. On "Verden Vil Bedras", the country singer Finn Wang, rock vocalist Martin Diesen from Inglow, and the world renowned American rapper Coolio contribute. For concerts, they have "Eirik «Lydmann» Gjessing" along with them as tour manager, DJ, and factotum.
Other activities.
In the Fall of 2008, Erik og Kriss will take part in TVNorges biggest production ever, with the TV program "Grease" along with Henriette Lien. It will be a talent show which will be used to find two candidates for the channels own musical based on the original "Grease". They will work as reporters and follow the program contestants.
In May 2008, they went on a week long surf trip to "La Point Surfcamp" in Portugal with the TV channel The Voice TV.

</doc>
<doc id="18252734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252734" title="Bavarian Pt 2/4 H">
Bavarian Pt 2/4 H

The Pt 2/4 H was a class of steam locomotive built by the firm of Krauss for the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn") between 1906 and 1908. They were used on routes in Bavaria to haul light, fast passenger trains.
The vehicles all had a gravity-fed firebox with a hopper over the grate for one-man operation. It was possible to access the train directly from the locomotive via doors in the front and rear walls and gangways. On several engines, the Reichsbahn later made modifications to the driver's cab.
The Deutsche Reichsbahn took all engines of this type over. The last Pt 2/4 H locomotive was retired in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18252744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252744" title="Craig Luebben">
Craig Luebben

Craig Luebben (died August 9, 2009) was an American rock climber and author. A climber since the early 80s, Luebben wrote a number of climbing-oriented books, designed the "Big Bro" wide-crack climbing protection device, and was a senior contributing editor for "Climbing Magazine".
Craig was a 5.12 climber in that he could likely onsight any 5.12 on the planet."
Biography.
Craig Luebben was killed on August 9, 2009 in an accident while climbing on Mount Torment in the Cascade Range of Washington. A car-size block of ice calved off, taking Craig with it and resulting in a 30 foot fall. While not struck by the initial block, Craig was pelted by debris as he hung from his rope. 
Luebben's 2004 book, "Rock Climbing: Mastering the Basic Skills", won that year's National Outdoor Book Award (Instructional).

</doc>
<doc id="18252754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252754" title="Hawthorn, Rhondda Cynon Taf">
Hawthorn, Rhondda Cynon Taf

Hawthorn () is a village within the community of the town of Pontypridd in the County Borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf and is located 10 miles north west of Cardiff, the capital city of Wales. Historically this fell within the parish of Eglwysilan within Mid Glamorgan. The electoral ward of Hawthorn comprises the settlements of Lower Rhydyfelin and Upper Boat.
The village is home to a pub, a few shops, a post office, a leisure centre, a public swimming pool and Hawthorn High School.

</doc>
<doc id="18252764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252764" title="Low level laser therapy">
Low level laser therapy

Low-level laser therapy (LLLT) is a medical and veterinary treatment that uses low-level lasers or light-emitting diodes to alter cellular function. LLLT is controversial in mainstream medicine with ongoing research to determine whether there is a demonstrable effect. Also disputed are the ideal location of treatment (specifically whether LLLT is more appropriately used over nerves versus joints), dose, wavelength, timing, pulsing and duration. The effects of LLLT appear to be limited to a specified set of wavelengths of laser, and administering LLLT below the dose range does not appear to be effective.
Despite a lack of consensus over its ideal use, specific test and protocols for LLLT suggest it is effective in relieving short-term pain for rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, acute and chronic neck pain, tendinopathy, and possibly chronic joint disorders. The evidence for LLLT being useful in the treatment of low back pain, dentistry and wound healing is equivocal.
History.
In 1967 a few years after the first working laser was invented, Endre Mester in Semmelweis University in Budapest, Hungary experimented with the effects of lasers on skin cancer. While applying lasers to the backs of shaven mice, he noticed that the shaved hair grew back more quickly on the treated group than the untreated group.
Clinical applications.
LLLT has primarily been shown useful in the short-term treatment of acute pain caused by rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, tendinopathy, and possibly chronic joint disorders. LLLT has also been useful in the treatment of both acute and chronic neck pain. A Cochrane Library review concluded that low level laser therapy (LLLT) has insufficient evidence for treatment of nonspecific low back pain, a finding echoed in a later review of treatments for chronic low back pain. Though it has been suggested for decades that LLLT could be useful in speeding wound healing, the appropriate parameters (dose, type of laser, materials, wavelength, etc.) have not been identified. Similarly, the use of lasers to treat chronic periodontitis and to speed healing of infections around dental implants is suggested, but there is insufficient evidence to indicate a use superior to traditional practices.
Stephen Barrett, writing for Quackwatch, concluded there was evidence to support LLLT use for temporary pain relief, but "there's no reason to believe that they will influence the course of any ailment or are more effective than other forms of heat delivery."
The insurance company, Cigna, has reviewed the evidence for LLLT and concluded that it is still considered an experimental treatment. Therefore, Cigna does not provide coverage for it.
Mechanism.
It is unclear how LLLT works. LLLT may reduce pain related to inflammation by lowering, in a dose-dependent manner, levels of prostaglandin E2, prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 2, interleukin 1-beta, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, the cellular influx of neutrophil granulocytes, oxidative stress, edema, and bleeding. The appropriate dose appears to be between 0.3 and 19 joules per square centimetre. Another mechanism may be related to stimulation of mitochondrion to increase the production of adenosine triphosphate resulting in an increase in reactive oxygen species, which influences redox signalling, affecting intracellular homeostasis or the proliferation of cells. The final enzyme in the production of ATP by the mitochondria, cytochrome c oxidase, does appear to accept energy from laser-level lights, making it a possible candidate for mediating the properties of laser therapy.
The effects of LLLT appear to be limited to a specified set of wavelengths of laser, and though more research is required to determine the ideal wavelengths, durations of treatment, dose and location of treatment (specifically whether LLLT is more appropriately used over nerves versus joints). Administering LLLT below the dose range does not appear to be effective. The factors of wavelength, effective dose, dose-rate effects, beam penetration, the role of coherence, and pulses (peak power and repetition rates) are still poorly understood in the clinical setting. The typical laser average power is in the range of 1-500 mW; some high-peak-power, short-pulse-width devices are in the range of 1-100 W with typical pulse-widths of 200 ns. The typical average beam irradiance then is 10 mW/cm2 - 5 W/cm2. The typical wavelength is in the range 600-1000 nm (red to near infrared), but some research has been done and products outside of this range are available.

</doc>
<doc id="18252765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252765" title="Piano Concerto No. 3 (Williamson)">
Piano Concerto No. 3 (Williamson)

The Piano Concerto No. 3 is a 32-minute concerto by Australian-born composer Malcolm Williamson. 
History of the Work.
Commissioned by the Australian Broadcasting Commission, Williamson's third piano concerto was written in 1962 while the composer was living in East Sheen, London. The work is dedicated to the British pianist John Ogdon, who gave the world premiere of the work with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra under Joseph Post. The work appeared in a concert given by the BBC Concert Orchestra under conductor Christopher Austin, with Piers Lane as soloist, on 20 November 2001 to celebrate the composer's 70th birthday.
Structure.
The concerto is broken up into four separate movements, which are as follows:
Orchestration.
Piano soloist; 2 flutes, 2 oboes (2nd doubling cor anglais), 2 clarinets (2nd doubling bass clarinet), 2 bassoons, 4 horns, 2 trumpets, two tenor trombones, bass trombone, tuba, timpani, percussion (including snare drum, triangle & clash cymbals), and strings.
Recordings.
The original version (from the LP recorded in 1974) is now available in a newly remastered edition on the Lyrita label with the composer as soloist, accompanied by the London Philharmonic Orchestra under Leonard Dommett. This is the only recording of the concerto currently commercially available.

</doc>
<doc id="18252776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252776" title="AVE Class 100">
AVE Class 100

The AVE Class 100, or Series 100, is a high speed train used for AVE services by the RENFE, in Spain. It was the first high speed train put into service in Spain, in 1992.
History.
This class lived through all the changes involved in the creation of the Spanish high speed network; originally the plan was to build the high speed route to Andalusia on an Iberian gauge track (). At the last minute, it was decided that it should be standard gauge (), meaning RENFE changed its original order for 24 Iberian gauge units to sixteen standard gauge ones, which were delivered between 1991 and 1993.
After various changes in the contract with Alstom and compensation for delays the final eight were delivered; two standard gauge sets and 6 Iberian gauge sets. The Iberian sets became the which used to operate the Euromed services along the Mediterranean corridor (this route is now covered by the RENFE Class 130 trains).
The train 100015 set one of the most important speed records in Spain, reaching on a test run. Its previous record had been on an earlier test run. The Class 100 was also involved in speed tests using Talgo carriages.
This class has almost exclusively served the Madrid–Seville high-speed rail line. They were used on the Madrid–Barcelona high-speed rail line for a short period until introduction of the RENFE Class 102. The units used on the Barcelona line had to have their pantographs changed as well as installation of the ERTMS system.
In 2007, after fifteen years of service—half of the trains' expected working life—the entire Class 100 fleet was refurbished.
In February 2011, on account of financial pressures, RENFE announced that, instead of buying 10 new trains to cover the Paris-Madrid route, it would convert AVE Class 100 trains for the route, at a cost of €30,000,000, rather than €270,000,000. RENFE announced that the capacity would be increased to keep the cost down, in addition to the conversion work planned for the trains' electrification and signaling systems.
In 2013, some S100 trains have been changed for French homologation making them compatible with French signaling system and so be able to cross the French border. The aim is to create rail service between major French cites and main Spanish cities (Madrid and Barcelona) simultaneously with SNCF.
Technical information.
The Series 100 trains were manufactured by Alstom (8 trains) and CAF (rest) and are directly derived from the TGV Atlantique that runs in France.
A Series 100 train is made up of two 4,400 kW power cars with two motorized bogies each and eight passenger cars with shared bogies. It is compatible with the standard gauge. It is compatible with overhead currents of 3 kV DC and 25 kV 50 Hz alternating current.
Unlike its model, it has both the (used in Spain) and LZB (used in Germany and in Spain) signaling systems. Furthermore, since 2004 nine of the trains have the ERTMS system installed, as well as two extra coaches and cooling systems specially adapted to temperatures in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18252824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252824" title="Billy Ze Kick (film)">
Billy Ze Kick (film)

Billy Ze Kick is a 1985 French film directed by Gérard Mordillat. It received a César nomination for Most Promising Actress.
Plot.
Billy Ze Kick is name of a fictional serial killer in a bedtime story that a police inspector reads to his daughter. Soon three girls turn up murdered in his neighbourhood, and the killer leaves a note signed "Billy Ze Kick."

</doc>
<doc id="18252832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252832" title="Treaty of Fort Adams">
Treaty of Fort Adams

The Treaty of Fort Adams was signed on December 17, 1801 between the Choctaw (an American Indian tribe) and the United States Government. The treaty ceded about of Choctaw land. The commissioners reported to President Thomas Jefferson that "for the first time, the bounty of the United States was implored, and we were supplicated for materials, tools, implements, and instructors, to aid their exertions, and to direct their labors ... hope, that by the liberal and well directed attention of the Government, these people may be made happy and useful; and that the United States may be saved the pain and expense of expelling or destroying them."
Significance for the Choctaw Nation.
Although the treaty was originally designed for the creation of the Natchez Trace, it would be the first in a series of treaties that would eventually lead to the expulsion of the Choctaw Nation east of the Mississippi River.
Terms.
The preamble begins with,
1. Peace and Friendship 
2. Wagon road through Choctaw country
3. Boundary defined
4. Notification of survey
5. Financial compensations
6. When the treaty takes effect
Signatories.
James Wilkinson, Benjamin Hawkins, Andrew Pickens, Buckshun Nubby, Mingo Hom Massatubby.

</doc>
<doc id="18252888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252888" title="Polygamy in Christianity">
Polygamy in Christianity

Polygamy is a marriage which includes more than two partners. There are numerous examples of polygamy in the Old Testament, but it is generally not accepted by modern Christianity. Some Christians actively debate whether the New Testament or Christian ethics allows or forbids polygamy. This debate focuses almost exclusively on polygyny (one man having more than one wife) and not polyandry (one woman having more than one husband).
Old Testament.
Multiple marriage was considered a realistic alternative in the case of famine, widowhood, or female infertility. The practice of levirate marriage makes it an obligation for a man whose brother has left a widow without heir to marry her. No allowance is given for a man who already had a wife.
The Torah includes specific regulations on the practice of polygamy, such as , "If he takes another wife to himself, he shall not diminish her food, her clothing, or her marital rights." , says that a man must award the inheritance due to a first-born son to the son who was actually born first, even if he hates that son's mother and likes another wife more and states that the king shall not have too many wives.
The first polygamist mentioned in the Bible is Lamech, whose two wives were Adah and Zillah (). Many important figures had more than one wife, such as Esau (; ), Abraham (, , , ), Moses (; , ), Jacob (), Gideon (), Elkanah (), David (; ; ) and Solomon ().
Intertestamental period.
Polygamy was an exception (although not rare) in post-exilic Israel. The practice began to be criticized and declined during the intertestamental period but there is some extant evidence of polygamy being practiced in the New Testament period. The Dead Sea Scrolls show that several smaller Jewish sects forbade polygamy before and during the time of Christ. The Temple Scroll (11QT LVII 17–18) seems to prohibit polygamy. However, polygamy was a tolerated practice in Jewish society during the patriarchal period.
New Testament.
Three passages in the pastoral epistles (, and ) state that church leaders should be the "husband of but one wife." This has been read by some Christian sects as a prohibition of polygamy, others argue that polygamy is allowed, but not for church leaders, still others argue that the passage refers only to church leaders not divorcing their first wives. Walter Lock in his 1990 book argues it may simply refer to marital unfaithfulness since "no Christian, whether an overseer or not, would have been allowed to practice polygamy."
One flesh.
Although the New Testament is largely silent on the issue, some point to Jesus' repetition of the earlier scriptures, noting that a man and a wife "shall become one flesh". However, some look to Paul's writings to the Corinthians: "Do you not know that he who is joined to a prostitute becomes one body with her? For, as it is written, 'The two will become one flesh.'" They claim this indicates that the term refers to a physical, rather than spiritual, union.
Cleave to wife.
Most Christian theologians argue that in and referring to Jesus explicitly states a man should have only one wife:
Polygamists do not dispute that in marriage "two shall be one flesh", they only disagree with the idea that a married man can only be "one flesh" with one woman. Assuming the man is married, the fact that a man can even be "one flesh" with a harlot apparently does not negate his being "one flesh" with his wife.
Husband of one wife.
Many critics of polygamy also point to the Pauline epistles that state that church officials should be respectable, above reproach, and the husband of a single wife. Hermeneutically, the Greek phrase "mias gunaikos andra", is an unusual Greek construction, and capable of being translated in three possible ways: 1) "one wife man," (prohibiting plural marriage) or 2) "a wife man" (requiring elders to be married) or 3) "first wife man" (prohibiting divorcees from ordination). Some claim that if these verses refer directly to polygamy (definition 1 above) it supports the acceptance of polygamy because if polygamy were outlawed there would be no need to have laws prohibiting leaders from being polygamists. One would only need a law prohibiting polygamy by leaders if polygamy was accepted among lay persons. (Definition possibilities 2 and 3 above are, of course, already polygamy friendly.)
In the time around Jesus' birth, polygamy (also called bigamy or digamy in texts) was understood to have had several spouses consecutively, as evidenced for example by Tertullian's work "De Exhortatione Castitatis" (chapt. VII.). Saint Paul answered this problem by allowing widows to remarry (1 Cor. vii. 39. and 1 Tim 5:11–16). Paul says that only "one man women" older than 60 years can make the list of Christian widows, but that younger widows should remarry to hinder sin. By demanding that leaders of the Church be a "one woman man," Saint Paul excluded remarried widowers from having influence. This was a more strict understanding of monogamy than Roman law codified, and it was new and unusual that the demand was made on men. "One man women" or "mias andros güne" was the name for widows who had only had one husband in their lives. This expression is the mirror of "mias günaikos andra" and highlights how that expression is to be understood.
On this subject William Luck writes:
Early Church period.
Jewish polygamy clashed with Roman monogamy at the time of the early church:
Tertullian, who lived at the turn of the 2nd and 3rd centuries, wrote that marriage is lawful, but polygamy is not: 
The 3rd century Eusebius of Caesarea wrote the lost work "On the Numerous Progeny of the Ancients". Eusebius references this twice, in the "Præparatio Evangelica", VII, 8, and in the "Demonstratio Evangelica".
Basil of Caesarea wrote in the 4th century of plural marriage that "such a state is no longer called marriage but polygamy or, indeed, a moderate fornication." He ordered that those who are engaged in it should be excommunicated for up to five years, and "only after they have shown some fruitful repentance" were they to be allowed back into the church. Moreover, he stated that the teachings against plural marriage are "accepted as our usual practice, not from the canons but in conformity with our predecessors."
Augustine wrote in the second half of the 4th century that
Socrates of Constantinople wrote in the 5th century that the Roman Emperor Valentinian I took two wives and authorized his subjects to take two wives, supporting that Christians were then practicing plural marriage. There is no trace of such an edict in any of the extant Roman Laws. Valentinian I divorced his first wife according to John Malalas, the Chronicon Paschale and John of Nikiu, before marrying his mistress, which was viewed as bigamy by Socrates, since the Church did not accept divorce. 
Justin Martyr, Irenaeus and Tertullian all spoke against polygamy, condemning it. Tertullian explicitly tackled the objection that polygamy was allowed for the patriarchs. He wrote, "each pronouncement and arrangement is (the act) of one and the same God; who did then indeed, in the beginning, send forth a sowing of the race by an indulgent laxity granted to the reins of connubial alliances, until the world should be replenished, until the material of the new discipline should attain to forwardness: now, however, at the extreme boundaries of the times, has checked (the command) which He had sent out, and recalled the indulgence which He had granted". ("De Monogamia" chapt. VI.) According to chapter XVI of "De Monogamia", Hermogenes thought it was allowed for a man to take several wives. Tertullian also made a direct attack on the polygamous practice of some cults in his work "Adversus Hermogenem". This is the same Hermogenes mentioned above. Tertullian writes that he was a sect leader, who mixed Stoic, Gnostic and Christian views to create a new religion.
Middle Ages.
The Church held a synod in Hertford, England, in 673 that was supervised by Archbishop Theodore. Chapter 10 issued by the synod declared that marriage is allowed between one man and one woman, and separation (but not divorce) is only granted in the case of adultery, but even then remarriage is not allowed.
In the medieval period, multiple wives were often obtained through kidnapping. It is with this in view that we must interpret the following laws: The Frankish Laws of 818-9 strictly forbade kidnapping of women. The XXVII. law issued by King Stephen I of Hungary (1000–1030) declares that the kidnapper must return the woman to her parents even if he has had sexual intercourse with her, and must pay a penalty to the parents. According to the Hungarian law, the kidnapped girl was then free to marry whomever.
The Roman councils of 1052 and 1063 suspended from communion those laymen who had a wife and a concubine at the same time. Divorce was also forbidden, and remarriage after a divorce counted as polygamy. Nicholas the Great (858-67) forbade Lothair II of Lotharingia to divorce his barren wife Teutberga and marry his concubine Waldrada, with whom he had several children. After a council of the Lotharingian bishops, as well as the archbishop of Köln and Trier had annulled his marriage to Theutberga, the pope voided this decision, and made him take his wife back. 
In Scandinavia, the word for an official concubine was "frille". Norwegian Bishop Øystein Erlendsson (ca. 1120-1188) declared that concubines were not allowed to accept the sacraments unless they married, and men were forced to promise marriage to women they had lain with outside of wedlock. In 1280, the Norwegian king Eirik Magnusson (1280–99) declared that men were exempted from having to promise marriage to the frille, if they went to confession and did penance. The Church answered by making several declarations in the 14th century, urging men to marry their concubines. In 1305, King Håkon V (1299–1319) issued a law that declared marriage to be the only lawful way of cohabitation, and declared that only women in wedlock were allowed to dress as they pleased, while the dress of concubines was restricted.
Reformation period.
While monogamy was the norm among Christians, in the 16th century there was a Christian re-examination of plural marriages. The founder of the Protestant Reformation, Martin Luther wrote: "I confess that I cannot forbid a person to marry several wives, for it does not contradict the Scripture. If a man wishes to marry more than one wife he should be asked whether he is satisfied in his conscience that he may do so in accordance with the word of God. In such a case the civil authority has nothing to do in the matter." 
However, the context was a situation in which the sickness of a wife prevented matrimonial intercourse, and when asked for an opinion on polygamy in 1526, Luther wrote, "It is my earnest warning and counsel that Christians especially shall have no more than one wife, not only because it is a scandal, which a Christian should avoid most diligently, but also because there is no word of God here to show that God approves it in Christians... I must oppose it, especially in Christians, unless there be need, as for instance if the wife be a leper, or be taken away from the husband in some other way." 
Arthur Cushman McGiffert also states,
Lutheran theologians approved of Philip of Hesse's polygamous marriages to Christine of Saxony and Margarethe von der Saale for this purpose, as well as initial disapproval of divorce and adultery. As well as Phillip, there was much experimentation with marital duration within early German Lutheranism amongst clergy and their erstwhile wives
The theologian Philipp Melanchthon likewise counseled that Henry VIII need not risk schism by dissolving his union with the established churches to grant himself divorces in order to replace his barren wives, but reluctantly, and with remorse afterward, consented that polygamy was an allowable alternative. This had been considered by Pope Clement VIII as an option but in the end was disallowed. 
Anabaptist leader Bernhard Rothmann initially opposed the idea of plural marriage. However, he later wrote a theological defense of plural marriage, and took 9 wives himself, saying "God has restored the true practice of holy matrimony amongst us." Franz von Waldeck and the other enemies of Anabaptist leader John of Leiden accused him of keeping 16 wives, and publicly beheading one when she disobeyed him. This was used as the basis for their conquest of Münster in 1535.
The 16th-century Italian Capuchin monk, Bernardino Ochino, 77 years old and never married, wrote the "Thirty Dialogues", wherein Dialog XXI was considered a defense of plural marriage. Evidently, he borrowed some of his strongest arguments from a Lutheran dialogue written in 1541 in favor of plural marriage which was written under the fictitious name "Huldericus Necobulus" in the interest of justifying Philip of Hesse.
A different position was taken by the Council of Trent in 1563, which was opposed to polygyny The polemicist John Milton expressed support for polygamy in his "De doctrina christiana".
The Lutheran pastor Johann Lyser strongly defended plural marriage in a work entitled "Polygamia Triumphatrix". As a result, he was imprisoned, beaten and exiled from Italy to Holland. His book was burned by the public executioner. He never married nor desired wedlock. Samuel Friedrich Willenberg, a doctor of law at the University of Cracow wrote the pro-plural marriage book "De finibus polygamiae licitae". In 1715, his book was ordered to be burned. Friedrich escaped with his life, but was fined one hundred thousand gold pieces.
One of the more notable published works regarding the modern concept of Christian Plural Marriage dates from the 18th century. The book "Thelyphthora" was written by Martin Madan, a significant writer of hymns and a contemporary of John Wesley and Charles Wesley. Although Madan was an adherent only of polygyny in a Christian context, this particular volume set the foundation of what is considered the modern Christian Plural Marriage movement.
19th century views.
John Colenso was the Anglican bishop of Natal, South Africa, in 1853. He was the first to write down the Zulu language. He championed the Zulu way of life, to include plural marriage.
A significant work, published in 1869 by James Campbell (pseudonym) entitled "The History and Philosophy of Marriage (or Polygamy and Monogamy Compared)", establishes a thorough development of the sourcing behind the modern movement of Christian Plural Marriage.
Mormonism.
Interviewed by "Time" magazine about his book, Michael Coogan said that, from a strict literalist view, fundamentalist Mormons are right about polygamy.
Modern views.
The Nigerian Celestial Church of Christ allows clergy and laymen to keep multiple wives, and the Lutheran Church of Liberia began allowing plural marriage in the 1970s.
Several other denominations permit those already in polygamous marriages to convert and join their church without having to renounce their multiple marriages. These include the African instituted Harrist Church, started in 1913.
The Anglican church made a decision at the 1988 Lambeth Conference to admit those who were polygamists at the time they converted to Christianity, subject to certain restrictions. Polygamy was first discussed during the Lambeth Conference of 1888:
A resolution dated 1958 and numbered 120 states that:
but adds:
In 1988, Resolution 26 declared:
In 2008, the 114. Resolution of the Lambeth Conference said:
There are some modern Biblical scholars who believe that the Bible advocates polygamy, such as Blaine Robinson. William Luck states that polygyny is not prohibited by the Bible and that it would have been required of a married man who seduced (Ex. 22) or raped (Deut. 22) a virgin, where her father did not veto a marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="18252890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252890" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Shinan">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Shinan

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Shinan/Shíhnan/Enshi (, ) was a diocese located in the city of Shinan (presently known as Enshi) in the Ecclesiastical province of Hankou in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18252914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252914" title="Setapak High School">
Setapak High School

Setapak High School (Malay: Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Tinggi, Setapak) is a secondary school in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Established in 1955, it is an all-boys school, with the exception of the coed Sixth Form. In the local community, the school is known as High School and Setapak High. When first established, it was located in High Street, Kuala Lumpur (hence its name), before moving to its current location in Setapak in 1963.
The school is active in the sports arena, especially in the inter-school hockey championships.
History.
The school was established in 1955 with the name High Street School, which was located at High Street (later Jalan Bandar, now Jalan Tun H S Lee) in the heart of Kuala Lumpur. It was opened on 12 January 1955 by Mr Othman bin Mohamed, the Menteri Besar (chief minister) of Selangor at that time. Sultan Hisamuddin Alam Shah, the Sultan of Selangor, officially opened High Street School on 11 April 1955.
Mr. Luke, the Selangor Education Officer, was instrumental in the formation of the school. The first headmaster was Mr. Herman M de Souza, a former teacher of VI. The school's motto was "Lead By Leading" and the medium of instruction was English.
The school complex, built in 1893, formerly housed Victoria Institution (VI) until 1929 when VI moved to its new premises in Petaling Hill. The Technical College (now known as Universiti Teknologi Malaysia) occupied the complex in 1930 and remained there until 1954 when it moved to Gurney Road (now Jalan Semarak). In 1955, the complex became High Street School.
In addition to normal lessons, the school had classes in commercial subjects such as Shorthand, Typewriting and Bookkeeping. It also had lessons on carpentry, metal works and technical drawings. The first batch of students to sit for the Cambridge School Certificate did so in 1959. They also sat for the full London Chamber of Commerce Intermediate School Certificate examination. This was encouraged by the headmaster Mr Herman de Souza who was the class teacher for the first batch of Form One students and continued teaching them as their class teacher until they reached Form Five in 1959.
In 1962, the school moved to make way for the construction of an overhead bridge. While waiting for the new school buildings to be completed, the students were placed temporarily in St. John's Institution in the afternoon session for two school terms from April 1962 until the end of that year. According to ex-students' accounts, this was where school's rivalry with St. John's began.
In January 1963, High Street School moved to its present location in Setapak, Kuala Lumpur. The new school building was officially opened by the Minister of Education, Mr. Mohamed Khir Johari, on 15 April 1968. The school had also dropped the "Street" from its name to become High School Kuala Lumpur. Since then, it has been affectionately known as 'High School' and is the only school in Kuala Lumpur to use the tag even up until today in the age of "Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan".
The present school badge was the second one since 1968. Mr. Kevin de Souza, Head of Arts in 1968, designed the first school badge.
The school motto was changed to ""Ilmu Tangga Kemajuan"" (Knowledge is Key to Improvement) in the 1980s. In 2002, it was changed again to ""Setapak di Hadapan"" (One Step Ahead).
The building that the school first resided on at High Street was utilised by the Kuala Lumpur Traffic Police in the 1980s. However, the building was virtually abandoned when a new multi-storey building for the traffic police was built next to it. In the evening of 29 July 1999, the old school building was razed by fire, believed to have been started by drug addicts hiding in the building that was supposedly locked. It has since been rebuilt on the remaining concrete columns, walls and foundation that survived the fire.
Traditions.
The first batch of students consisted of about 100 students from the feeder schools viz the Pasar Road Government English School and the Batu Road Government English School. The students who passed the Standard Six Government Examination and who were not selected for the Victoria Institution were enrolled here. The first batch of students had the luxury of small classes (25 per class) and ample space for Science Labs, workshops and resource centres. The school hours were extended to 4 pm to enable the students to learn extra skills, and use the resource centre.
It was the first school to use colours to name the classes instead of Class A, B, C, etc. The best student were in one class identified by a colour and the rest divided equally in the other classes. Thus there was no "feelings" of being in the "D" class. This was also one of the first schools to have a school uniform with a coloured pants and the school badge sewn on to the shirt. Another first was to made all students wear the red school neck tie daily. In the other schools only the Prefects wear the neck tie.
The Pipes and Drums were set up in the 1970s by the Canadian Pioneers which in turn were a spin off from the Scottish Highlanders, the Pipes and Drums were the pride and joy of the school as it epitomized almost military discipline with artistic ability. In almost all activities, the school band led the way.
Anthem.
The school anthem titled "Ilmu Tangga Kemajuan" was composed by Loo Siew Kuan and Rozita bt. Ramli who were Sixth Form students.
Kami sematkan di hati
Demi untuk memenuhi
Hasrat ibu pertiwi
Sekolah Tinggi Setapak
Bimbingan mu dibangga
Mari kita perjuangkan
Ilmu tangga kemajuan
Disiplin tetap dijaga
Semangat teguh sentiasa
Majulah sekolah kita
Untuk selama-lamanya
Sekolah Tinggi Setapak
Bimbingan mu dibangga
Mari kita perjuangkan
Ilmu tangga kemajuan

</doc>
<doc id="18252925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252925" title="Wendy Sherman">
Wendy Sherman

Wendy Ruth Sherman (born 1949) is Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs, the third highest ranking position in the U.S. Department of State. She has formerly worked as a social worker, the director of EMILY's list, the director of Maryland's office of child welfare, and the founding president of the Fannie Mae Foundation. During the Clinton Administration, she served as Counselor of the United States Department of State and Special Advisor to the President and Secretary of State and North Korea Policy Coordinator. In the latter role, she was instrumental in negotiations related to North Korea's nuclear weapon and ballistic missile programs. 
Education.
Sherman attended Smith College from 1967 to 1969, and received her degree from Boston University in 1971 in the field of sociology and urban studies. In 1976, she earned a master's degree in social work from the University of Maryland. She subsequently began her career as a social worker, before going into politics.
Career.
Originally a social worker, Sherman began her career working to help battered women and the urban poor. 
As part of the neighborhood movement, she worked as a social activist, alongside activists like Geno Baroni and Art Naparstak on problems related to low-income housing. 
Sherman's early jobs were in partisan politics and social work. These included working as the director of EMILY's List, which provides money to pro-choice, female, Democratic political candidates. She also worked as director of Maryland's office of child welfare and as the president and CEO of the Fannie Mae Foundation, an arm of Fannie Mae. 
Sherman has worked in a variety of positions in both government and non-profit organizations: chief of staff for three years for then Congresswoman Barbara Mikulski, campaign manager for Mikulski's first successful Senate campaign, Special Secretary for Children and Youth in Maryland (a cabinet-level position), Director of Maryland's Office of Child Welfare, supervising protective services, foster care, adoptions, and group homes.
Sherman directed Campaign '88 for the Democratic National Committee, where she oversaw field and political operations, communications, Congressional relations, constituency operations, issue development and coordination with all federal, state and local campaigns during the 1988 general election.
From 1991 to 1993, Sherman specialized in strategic communications as a partner in the political and media consulting firm of' Doak, Shrum, Harris and Sherman. Prior to that, she directed EMILY's List, the largest financial and political resource for pro-choice Democratic women candidates. 
From 1993 to 1996, Sherman served under United States Secretary of State Warren Christopher as Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs, where she directed the legislative efforts of the State Department with the U.S. Congress. Among other issues, she led the efforts to obtain the funding for Russia and the newly independent states after the break-up of the Soviet Union and support for the Dayton accords.
After working as CEO and President of the Fannie Mae Foundation, she then returned to the State Department as Madeleine Albright's counselor, with the rank of Ambassador, appointed by President Bill Clinton and confirmed by the United States Senate. She advised United States Secretary of State Madeleine Albright on issues of foreign policy, provided guidance to the Department and undertook special assignments. 
She has been a Vice Chair of Albright Stonebridge Group, Albright's international strategic consulting firm, since the group's formation in 2009. She advised Hillary Clinton during the 2008 presidential campaign, and she has served with Thomas Donilon as an agency review lead for the State Department in the Obama presidential transition.
On September 21, 2011, she was appointed to the position of Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs by Hillary Rodham Clinton, the United States Secretary of State.
In this capacity she has led the US team during six negotiating rounds between Iran and world about Tehran's nuclear energy. Before negotiation between Iran and 5+1 in Geneva in October 2013 she made a comment about the Iranian strategy for negotiation in the senate committee stating “we know that deception is part of the DNA.” which caused her some trouble and a number of Iranian officials including some parliament members asked her to apologize.
North Korea nuclear negotiations.
Wendy Sherman was the Clinton administration's policy coordinator for North Korea. The Clinton Administration had first arrived at the 1994 Agreed Framework under which, North Korea agreed to freeze and dismantle its nuclear weapons program, including its main reactor at Yongbyon (Sherman continues to defend the 1994 deal and her involvement in it, stating that "during the Clinton administration not one ounce of plutonium was added to the North Korean stockpile"). Sherman later headed North Korean negotiation policy until 2001. In 2001, following years of secret negotiations with Kim Jong Il, North Korea had promised not to produce, test or deploy missiles with a range of more than 300 miles. That offer would prevent North Korea from fielding missiles that could strike the United States. North Korea also offered to halt the sale of missiles, missile components, technology and training. 
In 2001, in a "New York Times" op-ed, Sherman recommended that the only way the US deal could deal with North Korea's disputed programs and prevent them achieving a nuclear capability was through diplomacy, writing that Kim Jong Il now "appears ready to make landmark commitments".
In 1999, James Baker criticized her team's negotiating strategy with North Korea as "appeasement" – that was rewarding the North Korean regime for minimal concessions, and he said that as a result they would fail to prevent their nuclear program. In 2011, John Bolton said that Wendy Sherman had been central in forming a policy on North Korea that was "nothing less than appeasement."
Fannie Mae.
From April 1996, Sherman became founding President and CEO of the newly created Fannie Mae Foundation, which was developed by Fannie Mae and endowed with $350 million in Fannie stock, with the goal of promoting home ownership and mortgages across wider sectors of American society. She has also been a member of the operating committee of Fannie Mae. At Fannie Mae, she set in place the groundwork for the newly recreated foundation.
In 1996, she described her mission as the first president of the Fannie Mae Foundation:In other words, it is broadly reaching out to American citizens and saying to them: "You can have access to affordable housing. You might be able to get started on the path to homeownership, and we can at least give you some information that might help you get on your way." 
In addition, two other programs came over. One is the New Americans Program, which is an effort to reach out to new citizens and immigrants to this country, because it was found in some research done in 1995 by Fannie Mae that immigrants who are renters are three times more likely to become homeowners than are other renters - because part of the American dream is to become a citizen and own your home.
The last piece is an initiative trying to end some of the discriminatory practices in the mortgage lending business. We have a beginning of a program, where we are going to work with community colleges and other partnerships to help folks take courses and get into the mortgage lending business, so that the people who sit across the table - they become loan officers - may look a little bit more like you, might understand your culture and your values.
Personal life.
She is married to Bruce Stokes, a journalist and senior fellow at the German Marshall Fund. They first met each other in 1978 after they had gotten together to talk about how upset they were about low-income people who had to live in substandard housing.

</doc>
<doc id="18252993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18252993" title="The Gunman and Other Stories">
The Gunman and Other Stories

The Gunman and Other Stories is the seventh studio album issued by the band, Prefab Sprout. Released in June 2001, the album was the band's only release for the EMI Liberty label.
Album history.
Following on from 1997's "Andromeda Heights" and 1999's "38 Carat Collection" albums, Prefab Sprout conducted their first tour of the UK for ten years. The success of the tour led singer and frontman Paddy McAloon to consider recording material for a new album. Rather than opting for 'new' material, McAloon chose to record material he had previously given to other artists as a 'tidying up operation', before moving onto newer material.
Despite drummer Neil Conti's involvement in the tour, having originally departed from the band in 1992, the studio band operated with McAloon and his brother Martin as sole members. Fellow singer Wendy Smith was absent due to having given birth the previous year, and other work commitments with her new music therapy career.
The album was produced by Tony Visconti, and made use of session musicians, including Carlos Alomar, Jeff Pevar and Jordan Rudess. Mixes were approved via e-mail between Visconti in New York and the McAloon brothers' base in County Durham.
The album includes versions of five songs which Paddy McAloon originally wrote for other performers. "Cowboy Dreams", "I'm A Troubled Man", "Love Will Find Someone For You" and "Blue Roses" were originally recorded by Jimmy Nail in 1994 and 1996 respectively, while title track "The Gunman" was originally recorded by Cher on her 1995 album, "It's a Man's World".
The album marked the start of a new contract with EMI's Liberty label, having completed their Sony contract in 1999. The album is also the least successful of the band's output, stalling at #60 in the UK Albums Chart.
Track listing.
All songs written by Paddy McAloon unless noted otherwise:
Japanese cd release also features the "Cowboy Dreams" video as a "cd extra" as well as b-reel footage of video shoot.
The Japanese cd also includes liner notes by Paddy McAloon.

</doc>
<doc id="18253000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253000" title="Sylvester Zobieski Earle, Sr.">
Sylvester Zobieski Earle, Sr.

Sylvester Zobieski Earle, Sr. (1791 – December 4, 1879) was a physician and political figure in New Brunswick. He represented King's County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1843 to 1850 and from 1856 to 1857.
He was born in Queens County, New Brunswick and studied medicine in New York. Earle married Maria Hughson and returned to Kings County, New Brunswick. He died at Hampton.
His son Sylvester Zobieski Earle was mayor of Saint John.

</doc>
<doc id="18253019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253019" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Wuchang">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Wuchang

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Wuchang (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Wuchang in the Ecclesiastical province of Hankou in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18253035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253035" title="Éric Borel">
Éric Borel

Éric Borel (11 December 1978 – 24 September 1995) was a French high-school student and spree killer who, at the age of 16, murdered his family in Solliès-Pont in the arrondissement of Toulon on September 23, 1995, and afterwards walked several miles to the village of Cuers where he continued his rampage the next day, shooting dead twelve other people and injuring four more, while pacing through the streets for half an hour. The shooting only ended when police arrived at the scene, whereupon Borel committed suicide.
Biography.
Childhood.
Éric Borel was the son of Marie-Jeanne Parenti and Jacques Borel, who were both working in the military at the time of his birth. However, their liaison was rather short, and after they separated, Eric was sent to Jacques Borel's parents in Limoges, where he stayed until he was five. When his mother, who had visited Eric only occasionally up to that time, began to live with Yves Bichet, she again took care of her son, much to his dislike, and took him to their home in Solliès-Pont.
Borel's mother, an authoritarian and – at least outwardly – religious person and activist in the Secours catholique, mistreated and beat him—she believed him to be a "child of sin". He never developed a close relationship with his mother's new companion, with whom he was said to have frequent rows and who reportedly also beat him on occasions. However, Franck and Jean-Luc Bichet, Yves Bichet's sons, stated that their father had always been nice to Eric, even building him a shack for his chickens and other animals he took home. When Eric broke his arm at the age of eight, rather than to go home, he preferred to run away and hide, until he was found, shivering from pain. In this type of situation, Borel, who was known as a quiet and taciturn boy who kept to himself and rather tended the chickens in the backyard during his free time than to go out, grew up and developed an increasing admiration for the military, telling lies about heroic deeds of his father during the Indochina War and adoring his stepbrother Franck Bichet, who served in the army. He had an affection for weapons and used to shoot sparrows with an air gun.
Later years and motive.
Until his death, Eric Borel attended the lycée professionnel Georges-Cisson in Toulon, where he studied electromechanics and did quite well academically. He was said to be a disciplined and quiet student. However, in his last year at school there was a radical change in behaviour. He skipped classes without permission or explanation and became unaffable. He regularly said that he could not bear it anymore at home, that he had had enough of doing housework and being called names, and often stated his wish to join the military, like his father and grandfather. Apparently, the week prior to the shooting, he also told one of his classmates that he would commit suicide, but not before killing two or three people.
Borel had one friend, 17-year-old Alan Guillemette, a classmate who was rather outgoing and popular among his peers and with whom he would hang out after school.
Many reports erroneously stated that Borel's room was full of Nazi-insignia, and rumours he was sympathising with fascist ideologies were spurred even more by the fact that his stepfather had attended several meetings of the Front National in 1989. But besides a picture of Adolf Hitler cut out from a newspaper, graffiti displaying a swastika on his door, a few books on World War II, as well as a documentary about David Koresh and the Waco siege, no evidence was found after his death that he was interested in any kind of politics. Also, a girl from Cuers spread the story that Eric had told her about his relationship with his half-sister Caroline, who was supposed to be his pregnant girlfriend. However, the sister in question did not exist, nor was it true that his father had died of cancer shortly before his rampage.
Attacks.
Familicide.
The series of attacks started on September 23, 1995 at about 6:00 p.m. CET, when Borel killed his stepfather, Yves Bichet, in the kitchen by shooting him four times with a .22-caliber rifle, before smashing his head with a hammer. Police assumed that they had a quarrel beforehand, when Borel tried to run away from home. Next, Borel assaulted his half-brother, 11-year-old Jean-Yves Bichet, who was watching TV, in a similar manner, by first shooting him with the rifle and afterwards bludgeoning his head with the hammer. After wiping up the blood trails, Borel waited for his mother to come home.
As soon as his mother, Marie-Jeanne Parenti, arrived at home from church at about 8:30 p.m., Borel immediately killed her with a single shot to the head. In contrast to her husband and son no blunt force was used on Mrs. Parenti, although some reports have suggested that he beat her as well with either the hammer or a baseball bat. When his mother lay dead, Borel once again started to clean the house from blood, covered the bodies with sheets and closed all shutters, as well as the steel gate. Carrying a bag packed with food, money, a raincoat, a map of Limoges, and a pistol shooting rubber bullets, which was erroneously identified as a .22-caliber pistol in some reports, and armed with his father's rifle and his pockets full of ammunition, Borel made his way towards Cuers, at first by car, but eventually he crashed it into a wall, where he continued his path by foot. Presumably he spent the night between vines.
The bodies of the murdered family were found at approximately 1 a.m. by Yves Bichet's son Jean-Luc, a student living in Antibes who only occasionally visited his father on weekends. After calling police Bichet was first considered a suspect in the murders when giving contradictory information. The absence of Eric Borel remained undetected until about three hours later.
Shooting spree.
On the following day at 7:15 a.m., Borel arrived at the home of his friend Alan Guillemette and when Alan's mother opened the door Eric asked her to wake him. The two had a lengthy discussion in the garden, and apparently Eric wanted something from Alan, but when he declined and turned to go back into the house, Eric shot him in the back, mortally wounding him. From 7:30 a.m. onwards, Borel started shooting people at random. No one grew suspicious of his rifle until it was too late, as it was hunting season and thus the sight of rifles outside not unexpected.
First he shot at Ginette Vialette through an open window, mortally wounding her, as well as Denise Otto, whom he killed, while she was bringing the trash out. He also hit Denise's husband, Jean, in the shoulder. Subsequently Borel injured an elderly woman who was walking in the streets with her husband and shot and wounded two brothers who were crossing his path. The shots he fired at Rodolphe Incorvala, once again through an open window, were eventually lethal. He later died in a hospital. Borel crossed the street to shoot and kill shopkeeper Mario Pagani, who was out buying a newspaper, with shots in the abdomen and head, as well as Mohammed Maarad in front of the "Café du Commerce". Marius Boudon and André Touret were killed while they were drawing money from an ATM and Andrée Coletta while she was taking her poodle for a walk. Finally he shot Pascal Mostacchi to death at Place Peyssoneau.
By 8:00 a.m., police arrived at the scene. Realizing that he was surrounded, Eric Borel committed suicide under a cypress tree in front of a school by shooting himself in the head. Observers of the rampage stated he had been poised and calm all the while, taking great care at aiming and shooting, hitting most of his victims in the head and returning when he did not hit properly the first time. In total, Borel had fired about 40 shots.
On October 23, 1995, Jeanne Laugiero, 68, died in hospital from injuries sustained in the shooting, raising the death toll to 14 victims. The last death in the killing spree was 68-year old Pierre Marigliano, who succumbed to his wounds on March 2, 1996, bringing the death toll to 15. Borel's shooting spree through the streets of Cuers was the deadliest act of mass murder in France since Christian Dornier killed 14 people in Luxiol on July 12, 1989.
Victims.
Among the wounded were Jean Otto and Jean Boursereau.

</doc>
<doc id="18253063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253063" title="Swing Ding Amigo">
Swing Ding Amigo

"Swing Ding Amigo" is a 1966 Looney Tunes cartoon directed by Robert McKimson with a story by Sid Marcus. It stars Daffy Duck, Speedy Gonzales and other mice.
Synopsis.
Speedy Gonzales owns the hottest nightclub in all of Mexico, Speedy's A-Go-Go Club, where mice dance to Spanish fiesta music. Upstairs, Daffy Duck cannot sleep because of the nightclub racket downstairs. He tries stuffing his ears with cotton and calling Speedy, attempting to crush him over the phone with a mallet.
Daffy later attempts to "make the joint jump" with a grenade, which Speedy and his friends constantly pop back at him until it finally blows up and Daffy recites an odd poem (with his own feathers floating like snow).
Finally, Daffy confronts Speedy personally and locks him out of the club but got the keys pulled from his neck by Speedy and his magnet. He then tries to shoot Speedy but instead hits the door and Speedy jumps in and pied Daffy. Finally, Daffy uses a vacuum cleaner to suck him in, but Speedy finds a can of gunpowder, sucks it into the vacuum and lights it, blowing the vacuum (and Daffy) up.
With Daffy out of the way, Speedy continues to play his music. Meanwhile, Daffy (back in bed and fully recovered from his incident with the vacuum) finally admits defeat ("What you gonna do?") and happily plays a pair of cymbals to the tune of Speedy's music as the cartoon ends.

</doc>
<doc id="18253126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253126" title="Mount Derby">
Mount Derby

Mount Derby is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located southeast of Telegraph Cove and northwest of Mount Russell.

</doc>
<doc id="18253140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253140" title="Christianity in Tanzania">
Christianity in Tanzania

The study of the United States Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor for 2009 suggests that 62% of the population of Tanzania is Christian, 35% is Muslim, and 3% are members of other religious groups.
The CIA World Factbook however states that 30% of the population is Christian with Muslim being 35% and indigenous beliefs 35%.
The Christian population of Tanzania is mostly composed of Roman Catholics,Lutherans and Anglicans, Pentecostals, Seventh-day Adventists, members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormons), and Jehovah's Witnesses.

</doc>
<doc id="18253143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253143" title="1995 FIVB Women's World Cup">
1995 FIVB Women's World Cup

The 1995 FIVB Women's World Cup was held from November 3 to
November 17, 1995 in Japan. Twelve women's national teams played in cities all over Japan for the right to a fast lane ticket into the Olympic Tournament in Atlanta, Georgia 1996.
Individual awards.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18253187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253187" title="Castle of Belver">
Castle of Belver

The Belver Castle is a Portuguese castle in the civil parish of Belver, municipality of Gavião, antique district of Portalegre, in northern Portugal.
History.
Belver was the first castle and most important to be constructed by the Hospitalers in Portugal during the Middle Ages. It was built in order to defend the access-way along the Tagus River, and donate by Sancho I under the condition that a castle be constructed. In 1194, King Sancho conceded this region of the Northern Tagus River, then known as"Guidintesta", or "Guidi in testa" (or still of Costa), to Afonso Paes, prior of the Order of the Hospitallers. By so doing, the King hoped to stabilize the Christian-Muslim frontier along the Tagus River, leaving the Templar to almost monopolize their power along the frontier lands. The King began referring to the construction of the Castle and the surrounding as Belver. In his later testament, King Sancho transferred the title of the Castle to the Hospitalers. By 1210, construction was far enough advanced to allow the permanent occupation and defence. The testament while identifying its existence, also made it clear that the Castle was one of the six repositories of the nation's wealth, thusby providing ample proof of the Castle's defences, albeit located in a frontier outpost. The final construction was completed in 1212.
Between 1336 and 1341, Belver fell under the most important command of the Hospitallers, while still not seat nor official House, which continued to reside in the town of Leça do Balio. Even as the head of the Order transferred his rule to the parish of Flor da Rosa, in the municipality of Crato, creating the priorship of Crato, the Castle of Belver (and its community) did not progress more than a provincial stronghold.
The fortress remained intact over the following centuries, preserving many of the primitive Romanesque military motifs of the period. In fact, the castle was systematically adapted to military conditions of the time, while garrison accommodations were improved. After becoming King, John I of Portugal renewed the Castle's important military role, and in the face of Castilian conflicts, had the Castle's defenses expanded and rehabilitated, under the direction of Nuno Alvares Pereira (in 1390). In the 16th century, the Chapel of São Brás, was completed. Similar renovations occurred in the 17th century, by Cosmander.
By the 19th century, the Castle, apart from its imposing form above the parish of Belver, was completely forgotten, becoming a shelter for the settlement's cemetery in 1846.
The 1909 earthquake caused major damage to the fortifications, but only resulted in major re-construction between 1939 and 1946, when the DGEMN- "Direcção Geral dos Edifícios e Monumentos Nacionais" also continued to work on the Castle grounds annually, rehabilitate, demolish and erect major facets of the Castle. Similarly, in 1976, the walls and roof were repaired, while the door to the chapel and alter were renovated, and in 1986, while lighting was updated on the grounds, the roof was repaired once more. In 1987-1988, repairs to the donjon (plaster, masonry and pavement) were completed.
On 1 June 1992, the property was transferred to the IPPAR "Instituto Português do Património Arquitectónico", under decree-law 106F/92. The institution, before being subborned into the IGESPAR was responsible for a complete restoration and conservation of the Castle.
Architecture.
Located on the periphery of the village of Belver (isolated on the south-west corner), alongside the right margin of the Tagus River, at the confluence of the Ribeiro de Belver, overlooking a panorama, that includes olive orchards to the east and south-east.
Its plan includes a principal rectangular keep circuited by walled parapets, that encircle the space on the hilltop, and Renaissance-era chapel. The castle gates are located on the south face, anticipated by a staircase of masonry stone, and flanked by two towers, whose design would be used by King Denis. Beyond the entrance is a triple doorway of rounded arcs, which now provides entry onto the grounds. Central to the completed structure is the donjon or keep, whose first floor provides a grated access-way to the dungeons. The keep's entrance-hall has a rectangular window and staircase that provides access to the second floor. The second-floor hall, also with a rectangular window and arched doorway, leads onto the vistages of the veranda, while another doorway leads to the superior floor access to the battlements.
The walls and battlements which encircle the Castle follow a semi-circular oval around the keep, and are covered in parapets and turrets, with strategically place cubicle towers located around the entranceway and in each direction of the compass. The "Traitor's Gate", the secondary access to the castle, is located on the cliff side of the structure, guarded by a round tower.
Vestiges of the alcalde's residence and garrison are located in the south-east, south and south-west parts of the castle, in the space occupied by the three archways. To the north is the remains of the garrison's cistern, constructed during the remodelling of the castle by Nuno Álvares Pereira. 
Near the centre of the Castle, and in the east, is the Chapel of São Brás, alongside the keep. In the interior of chapel is a high-alter, with a number of busts and reliquaries from Palestine, presented by the Great Prior of Crato to Prince Luís, son of Manuel I of Portugal. Italian counterparts, and decorated with the grande importance associated with the religiosity of the legendary reliquaries of the Holy Land.

</doc>
<doc id="18253221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253221" title="Brun–Titchmarsh theorem">
Brun–Titchmarsh theorem

In analytic number theory, the Brun–Titchmarsh theorem, named after Viggo Brun and Edward Charles Titchmarsh, is an upper bound on the distribution of prime numbers in arithmetic progression. It states that, if formula_1 counts the number of primes "p" congruent to "a" modulo "q" with "p" ≤ "x", then
for all "q" < "x". The result was proven by sieve methods by Montgomery and Vaughan; an earlier result of Brun and Titchmarsh obtained a weaker version of this inequality with an additional multiplicative factor of formula_3.
If "q" is relatively small, e.g., formula_4, then there exists a better bound:
This is due to Y. Motohashi (1973). He used a bilinear structure in the error term in the Selberg sieve, discovered by himself. Later this idea of exploiting structures in sieving errors developed into a major method in Analytic Number Theory, due to H. Iwaniec's extension to combinatorial sieve.
By contrast, Dirichlet's theorem on arithmetic progressions gives an asymptotic result, which may be expressed in the form
but this can only be proved to hold for the more restricted range "q" < (log "x")"c" for constant "c": this is the Siegel–Walfisz theorem.

</doc>
<doc id="18253232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253232" title="Ian Hamer (musician)">
Ian Hamer (musician)

Ian Hamer, (11 September 1932, Liverpool - 3 September 2006, Brighton) was a British jazz trumpeter.
The son of a successful Merseyside dance band leader, together with his two brothers, also professional musicians, he played in the band run by his mother until moving to London in 1953 to work for clarinettist Carl Barriteau and a brief period with the Oscar Rabin Band. In 1955 he joined the octet put together briefly by Tubby Hayes, a band which recorded at the Festival Hall in 1956. In 1958 he played in the Vic Ash Quintet.
In 1963, together with Harry South, he led a band called The Six Sounds, featuring Ken Wray and Dick Morrissey, and which by 1966 had developed into his own band, the Ian Hamer Sextet. The Sextet featured variously South, Dick Morrissey, Keith Christie, Kenny Napper, Bill Eyden, Tubby Hayes, Alan Skidmore, Spike Wells, Daryl Runswick, Alan Branscombe and Ron Mathewson.
Hamer also played in big bands led by Tubby Hayes, Ted Heath, Mike Gibbs, Jack Parnell and Harry South. He also played with Kenny Wheeler, Dizzy Gillespie, Ella Fitzgerald, as well as smaller bands with Stan Tracey, Benny Golson, Lalo Schifrin, Gary McFarland, Woody Herman's Anglo-American Herd, Barbara Thompson, the Thad Jones-Mel Lewis band, Eric Delaney, John Dankworth and Joe Harriott. As a session musician, he played on recordings by The Beatles ("Got to Get You into My Life" ) and Bing Crosby, Tom Jones, Dusty Springfield, Shirley Bassey, Barbra Streisand, James Last and Matt Monro.
He was a member of the "Top of the Pops" studio band for nearly 20 years, and played regularly in German trombonist Peter Herbolzheimer's radio bands.
He played trumpet on the theme tune for "The Sweeney", written and arranged by Harry South. 

</doc>
<doc id="18253245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253245" title="Modern Materials Handling">
Modern Materials Handling

Modern Materials Handling is a B2B magazine published by Peerless Media. It was founded by Norman Cahners in 1946.
The publisher and Executive Vice President is Brian Ceraolo. The chief editor is Michael Levans, with the editorial offices located in Framingham, Massachusetts, USA.
Topics covered include: materials handling automation and mechanization, storage and staging, inventory data management, transport packaging, lift trucks and accessories, and other resources related to the materials handling side of the supply chain. 
Reed Business Information closed "Modern Materials Handling" on April 16, 2010. On April 23, Reed sold its closed Supply Chain publications to a new company, Peerless Media, formed by Brian Ceraolo, former Group Publisher.

</doc>
<doc id="18253273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253273" title="Hannah Whelan">
Hannah Whelan

Hannah Kate Whelan (born 1 July 1992) is a British artistic gymnast. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics. 
Personal information.
Hannah Whelan was born on 1 July 1992 in Singapore to Mike and Karen Whelan where she lived until she was two years old. Her family then moved to Stockport, United Kingdom. It was here that Whelan began gymnastics. She said, "At the age of six, after constantly cart wheeling around the house and Tesco I persuaded my Mum to take me to a gymnastic class. There I was immediately spotted as a talent and began training at South Manchester Gymnastics Club with coach Helen Hall." A year later, at the age of seven, Whelan's family moved to Texas, United States where she trained at Flips Gymnastics Academy. In 2001, at the age of nine, her family moved back to Stockport and Whelan resumed training with Helen Hall this time at Vernon Park Gymnastics Club. 
In 2005, Whelan switched gyms to City of Liverpool Gymnastics Club with coach Sarah Attwell and alongside Beth Tweddle. Whelan said, "Beth always helped me in the gym. Just the little comments help to pick you up if things are going wrong. She has the experience and she has had bad days in the gym, but it's good to know that she's gotten where she has by living through the same things that you are." After 2008, Whelan began training under coach, Amanda Reddin. She said, "I totally trust Amanda. She knows exactly what she wants me to do and what needs to be in my training program in order for me to have a successful year."
Whelan attended Bramhall High School but missed much of her final year due to training. Despite this, she passed eight GCSE exams including seven B's and one C. She is currently studying Sports Development at John Moores University in Liverpool.
Senior career.
2008.
In March, Whelan competed at the World Cup event in Doha, Qatar. She placed eighth on balance beam scoring 13.000 and eighth on floor scoring 13.050.
In June, Whelan competed at the British Championships in Guildford, United Kingdom. She placed third in the all around competition with a score of 56.100.
Beijing Olympics.
In August, Whelan competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. She contributed scores of 14.325 on balance beam and 14.125 on floor toward the British team's ninth place finish.
2009.
In March, Whelan competed at the European Championships in Milan, Italy. She placed seventeenth in the all around final with a score of 54.325. 
In May, Whelan participated at the British Teams competition in Guildford, United Kingdom. She helped her club, City of Liverpool, win first place with an all around score of 56.400.
In July, Whelan competed at the British Championships in Guildford, United Kingdom. She placed fifth in the all around competition with a score of 52.150. In event finals, she placed second on balance beam scoring 14.300 and fourth on floor scoring 13.350. 
In September, Whelan had surgery on her wrist.
2010.
In June, Whelan competed at the World Cup event in Porto, Portugal. She placed third on floor with a score of 13.400.
In July, Whelan competed at the British Championships in Guildford, United Kingdom. She won the all around competition with a score of 57.800. Whelan said, "I'm really, really happy! I didn't have any aims or expectations coming into the competition, so to then go out and win is just incredible. I've had injury problems so to then return and become British champion is fantastic." In event finals, she placed third on uneven bars scoring 13.800, second on balance beam scoring 14.100 and third on floor scoring 13.750. 
In October, Whelan competed at the World Championships in Rotterdam, The Netherlands. She contributed scores of 13.900 on uneven bars, 14.133 on balance beam, and 14.066 on floor toward the British team's seventh place finish. She placed sixteenth in the all around final with a score of 55.499. Whelan said, "It was good final and importantly I went clean on all pieces. I think I started to tire a bit towards the end of the competition having already competed in qualifications and the team final and it caught up with me at the end. Overall it’s been a great week; it’s been hard work, a good laugh and an exciting experience to be part of."
2011.
In March, Whelan placed eighth in the all around competition at the American Cup in Jacksonville, United States with a score of 52.532. 
In April, Whelan competed at the European Championships in Berlin, Germany. She placed thirteenth in the all around final with a score of 54.175 and eighth in the balance beam final scoring of 11.950 after falling twice. Whelan said, "I started great, having thought I may be pretty shaky, but it was all going really well and then I don’t know what happened. I can’t blame nerves, as I actually felt pretty good so I don’t know what happened. Its brilliant that I made the final in the first place, with British gymnasts not usually excelling at beam, but still my week hasn’t been as good as I hoped so plenty more work to do!"
Later in April, Whelan placed fifth in the all around competition at the World Cup event in Glasgow, United Kingdom with a score of 52.132. 
In May, Whelan participated at the British Teams competition in Guildford, United Kingdom. She helped her club, City of Liverpool, win first place with an all around score of 56.850. 
In July, Whelan competed at the British Championships in Liverpool, United Kingdom. She won the all around competition with a score of 56.350. Whelan said, "I’m really pleased with today’s performance, there is still a few harder skills I'm working on but they weren’t quite ready for today’s competition. The atmosphere was really great in the arena and everybody was cheering each other on. To be crowned British Champion again is a huge honor for me - especially in Liverpool with such great support." In event finals, she placed second on uneven bars scoring 13.900, second on balance beam scoring 14.500, and fourth on floor scoring 14.150. 
In October, Whelan competed at the World Championships in Tokyo, Japan. She contributed an all around score of 55.665 toward the British team's fifth place finish meaning that the United Kingdom qualified a full team for the 2012 Summer Olympics. Whelan placed ninth in the all around final with a score of 56.124. She said, "I feel amazing, I’m really, really happy. I wasn't expecting that as I came in sixteenth last year and was just looking to improve on that. I really enjoyed the competition, didn’t feel the pressure and although it is strange not having all my teammates around me out there I could still hear them in the stands which helps a lot. I went clean on all my routines so am very proud. The consistency has been there all week which is a good sign going into next year, having spent a long time working hard in the gym it’s always good to see that pay off in competition. The week as a whole has been amazing, huge highs in getting to the Olympics and placing fifth in the team and now this, all the team have bonded so it’s looking really positive going into 2012."
2012.
In March, Whelan competed at the World Cup event in Doha, Qatar. She placed sixth on balance beam with a score of 13.425. 
In May, Whelan competed at the European Championships in Brussels, Belgium. She contributed an all around score of 55.498 toward the British team's fourth place finish. In event finals, she placed third on balance beam scoring 14.333 and third on floor scoring 14.533. Whelan said, "It feels amazing I’m over the moon, it’s really unexpected. I wanted to come out and enjoy the competition and I definitely did. I enjoy training beam and feel naturally comfortable on it and to get our first ever medal on that piece is very special. I've always dreamed of getting major medals and to come away with two is unbelievable. It gives me a lot of confidence going into the rest of the year."
In June, Whelan competed at the British Championships in Liverpool, United Kingdom. She placed third in the all around competition with a score of 55.800. Whelan said, "It wasn’t a perfect competition today but I still took the bronze medal so I can’t be too disappointed and I know that finishing near the top has got to help my chances of making the Olympic team which is the most important thing. This year I think I’ve improved a lot, winning two medals at the Europeans was a big boost and proves that on my day I can produce." In event finals, she placed fourth on uneven bars scoring 14.250, second on balance beam scoring 13.850, and third on floor scoring 13.900. 
At the beginning of July, Whelan was selected to competed for the United Kingdom at the 2012 Summer Olympics alongside Imogen Cairns, Jennifer Pinches, Rebecca Tunney and Beth Tweddle.
London Olympics.
At the end of July, Whelan competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom. She qualified to the all around final in seventeenth place with a score of 55.699. In the team final, she contributed scores of 14.000 on uneven bars, 13.866 on balance beam, and 14.200 on floor toward the British team's sixth place finish. In the all around final, Whelan landed her vault on her knees meaning she received a score of zero and finished in last place. She said, "I'm devastated, I don't know what happened on vault, I think I had too much adrenaline going into it. I'm so proud of Rebecca though, the whole team have done so well here and we are all looking forward to supporting Beth in bars final on Monday."

</doc>
<doc id="18253286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253286" title="Neïmo">
Neïmo

Neimo is an indie rock band from France. The band pairs guitar with electronic elements to create a Euro-rock and 1980s sound. Neimo is influenced by David Bowie, Blondie, Emilie Simon, New Order, Velvet Underground and the Stooges.
History.
The band has not been as widely accepted in France as the songs are all sung in English. According to the band's lead singer Bruno Alexandre, the band chose to compose the songs in English because "rock is based on sweat, spontaneity and energy. Sorry, but rock and roll was born in the United States." The debut album, "From Scratch", was released under the band's own label, Big Field Records, on May 25, 2005. The band was unable to be signed by a French record label because the songs were in English. French labels were reluctant to sign Neimo since they knew that the radio stations would not give the band much airtime because programming must be at least 40% French. In order to reach a larger audience in countries such as Britain, Germany and the U.S., the band signed with the American label Shangri-La Music, in Santa Monica, California. Under this label, the band plans to release a second album in the spring of 2008 called "Modern Incidental".
WORK WITH DANNII MINOGUE
Neimo co-wrote and produced 3 tracks on Australian pop star ( and these days X Factor judge ) Dannii Minogue's UK top 10 gold selling album 'Neon Nights'. The songs are 'On The Loop', 'Don't Wanna Lose This Feeling' and 'A Piece Of Time'. 'Don't Wanna Lose This Feeling' was actually chosen as the 4th single from the album and charted at an impressive No. 5 on the UK singles chart. Neimo also did a mash up version of the single merging it with Madonna's 'Into The Groove'. It was the only time Madonna allowed a smaple of this song to be released commercially and the track now called 'Don't Wanna Lose This Groove' was a club hit. Dannii has a best selling autobiography out in the UK and Australia at the moment and speaks highly of her times working in Paris with the Neimo boys. Seems that she loved them.

</doc>
<doc id="18253291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253291" title="Myanglung">
Myanglung

Myanglung is a town and district headquarters of Terhathum District in the Kosi Zone of Nepal. In December 2002 the bazaar of Myanglung was hit by fire, 211 families were affected when 85 shops were gutted.
Media.
To Promote local culture Myanglung have two FM radio station Radio Menchhayayem - 102.6 MHZ and radio terhathum - 91. Which is a Community radio Station.Recently myanglung was caught by fire which destroyed 6 houses(2070-6-26).

</doc>
<doc id="18253293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253293" title="Moving Image Source">
Moving Image Source

Moving Image Source is a major new website of the Museum of the Moving Image (New York City) devoted to the history of film, television, and digital media. Made possible with support from the Hazen Polsky Foundation, it features original articles by leading critics, authors, and scholars; a calendar that highlights major retrospectives, festivals, and gallery exhibitions at venues around the world; and a regularly updated guide to online research resources. Film critic Dennis Lim currently serves as editor-in-chief.
The launch of Moving Image Source was marked by a special program at The Times Center in Manhattan at 6:30 p.m. on June 5, featuring a conversation between directors Werner Herzog ("Encounters at the End of the World", opening June 11) and Jonathan Demme ("The Silence of the Lambs").
Moving Image Source is updated every Thursday with additions to the Articles and Calendar sections.
Articles.
The articles relate to recent and ongoing retrospectives and gallery exhibitions as well as to significant new DVDs and books on film, media, and moving-image culture. Pieces are accompanied by photographs, video clips, and sidebars offering suggestions for further viewing, reading, or listening. June contributors included critics and authors Melissa Anderson, Michael Atkinson, Joshua Clover, Tom Charity, Thomas Doherty, Chris Fujiwara, Ed Halter, B. Kite, Michael Koresky, Rob Nelson, Nick Pinkerton, Tony Rayns, Jonathan Rosenbaum, Dan Sallitt, and Ed Sikov. Topics included the career of Werner Herzog, Wallis-Hazen Productions, a reappraisal of the ’60s films of William Klein, the late Taiwanese filmmaker Edward Yang, video artist Eddo Stern, the late films of Howard Hawks, Japanese actor Tatsuya Nakadai, and the recent restoration of Max Ophüls’s Lola Montès.
Calendar.
The Moving Image Source Calendar is a selective guide to major screenings, series, festivals, and gallery exhibitions. Calendar entries include program summaries, exhibition descriptions, titles of films or featured works of media art, and links to presenting venues. The Calendar draws on the programming of more than 100 museums, media arts centers, cinematheques, and other venues around the world that regularly present film and media programs. An international Venue List can be found in the Calendar section: Venues on the list emphasize original programming and the presentation of work in its original format, and/or large-scale gallery exhibitions.
Research Guide.
The site's Research Guide is an annotated and regularly maintained database of more than 400 moving-image related resources on the web, ranging from scholarly and popular journals to film-related libraries and archives. They have been organized into a detailed, easy-to-navigate taxonomy with five primary categories: “People,” “History and Styles,” “Industry,” “Technology and Craft,” and “Criticism and Ideas.” The Research Guide may also be browsed by resource type, and advanced search and filtering options are available.
External links.
Moving Image Source [http://www.movingimagesource.us]
Article on GreenCine 
Moving Image logs media history hub (Variety) 

</doc>
<doc id="18253295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253295" title="Rochester metropolitan area">
Rochester metropolitan area

The Rochester metropolitan area may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18253299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253299" title="James Tin Yau So">
James Tin Yau So

James Tin-Yau So (1911–2000; Chinese name: 苏天佑, ) was an acupuncturist who founded one of the first acupuncture schools in the United States, in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18253302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253302" title="Profiles in Caring">
Profiles in Caring

Profiles in Caring is a television program about humanitarian charities around the world. Each episode profiles a different charity, hosted by a reporter, using video footage and interviews to tell their story. Each program is 30 minutes, and reflects extraordinary humanitarian projects from all around the world with a personal, behind-the-scenes emphasis. Profiles in Caring is a non-religious, non-profit enterprise, an initiative of DreamWeaver Medical Foundation, a 501(c)(3) organization. 
The programs are aired in America on over 100 stations, and internationally in over 40 countries. Profiles can be found on ABC4 Utah (KTVX-TV), AmericanLife TV Network, America One Television Network, Altitude Sports and Entertainment, KLHU-CA, LiVN TV, Starfish Television Network, and Voice of America. Online, every Profiles episode can be found on the nonprofit, video-sharing website, GoodTube.org. 
Profiles in Caring was started and is primarily reported by Kimberly Perkins Klintworth. She has a 26-year career in television broadcasting, including co-hosting PM Magazine in Rochester, New York, reporting and anchoring at KDKA-TV in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and anchoring the 5:30, 6:00, and 10:00 weekday news at ABC affiliate KTVX-TV in Salt Lake City, Utah. Kimberly won 2 Emmy Awards during her tenure at KTVX and has been honored by numerous organizations for her work, including the 2007 Community Builders Award of Salt Lake City, as well as serving on the board of the YWCA for 7 years. Kimberly now travels the world, reporting stories on nonprofits for Profiles. 
The Profiles in Caring team also includes Lynn Peterson, Executive Producer, Photojournalist, and Editor. Lynn originally pursued a life in acting, and worked as an assistant producer for Dolly Parton’s Sand Dollar Productions. After that he worked as a photojournalist at ABC where he met Kimberly. Doug Jardine, Videographer, Editor, and Reporter for Profiles, is an exceptional photographer, as well as an Emmy-award winning television news reporter and anchor.

</doc>
<doc id="18253303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253303" title="Glenn Leopold">
Glenn Leopold

Glenn Leopold is a writer who worked at Hanna-Barbera as a story editor, writer, character creator, and show developer.
Awards.
Leopold received a 1994 Emmy nomination for "The Town that Santa Forgot".
Music.
Glenn Leopold was also a member of the American band Gunhill Road, along with Steven Goldrich and Gil Roman. The band is most famous for their 1973 hit single, “Back When My Hair Was Short.”
"The Smurfs" (1981–1989).
Episodes written by Leopold:
"The Pirates of Dark Water" (1991–1993).
Leopold contributed to the following episodes :
"SWAT Kats".
Leopold was story editor for all episodes. Here are the "SWAT Kats" episodes Leopold wrote :
Leopold also wrote three unfinished episodes:
"The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest".
Leopold wrote three episodes in season 1 of "The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest" and was story editor for all episodes of the season 2 .
Season 2.
Glenn Leopold wrote many episodes (not in order):

</doc>
<doc id="18253305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253305" title="NFL Street 3">
NFL Street 3

NFL Street 3 is the third installment of the NFL Street Series which was released on November 11, 2006 for the PS2 and PSP. This installment featured more game modes and unlockable features than previous versions. Chad Ochocinco of the Cincinnati Bengals appeared on the cover and was the official spokesperson of the game, while Clinton Portis also appeared in the opening of the game. Ochocinco and Portis also appear as the antagonists of Respect the Street Mode, the main story mode.

</doc>
<doc id="18253326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253326" title="Sylvester Zobieski Earle">
Sylvester Zobieski Earle

Sylvester Zobieski Earle (August 7, 1822 – March 1, 1888) was a physician and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. He was mayor of Saint John, New Brunswick in 1877 and 1878.
He was born in Kingston, New Brunswick, the son of Sylvester Zobieski Earle and Maria Hughson, and studied medicine at the University of the City of New York. In 1845, Earle returned to New Brunswick and joined his father in practice at Hampton. In 1847, he married Catherine McGill Otty, the sister of judge George Otty. In 1857, he was named county coroner. He also served as surgeon with the local militia. Earle helped lead the reconstruction efforts following the great fire in Saint John in June 1877. He died in Saint John at the age of 65.

</doc>
<doc id="18253328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253328" title="Greater Rochester">
Greater Rochester

Greater Rochester can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18253359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18253359" title="Manned Space Flight Network">
Manned Space Flight Network

The Manned Space Flight Network (abbreviated MSFN, pronounced ""misfin"") was a set of tracking stations built to support the American Mercury, Gemini, Apollo, and Skylab space programs. 
There were two other NASA space communication networks at the time, the Spacecraft Tracking and Data Acquisition Network (STADAN) for tracking unmanned satellites in low Earth orbit, and the Deep Space Network (DSN) for tracking more distant unmanned missions. After the end of Skylab, the MSFN and STADAN were merged to form the Spaceflight Tracking and Data Network (STDN). STDN was in turn replaced by the satellite-based Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System (TDRSS) during the Space Shuttle program, being used .
Orbital versus deep space tracking.
Tracking vehicles in low Earth orbits (LEO) is quite different from tracking deep space missions. Deep space missions are visible for long periods of time from a large portion of the Earth's surface, and so require few stations (the DSN uses only three, ). These few stations, however, require the use of huge antennas and ultra-sensitive receivers to cope with the very distant, weak signals. Low Earth orbit missions, on the other hand, are only visible from a small fraction of the Earth's surface at a time, and the satellites move overhead quickly, which requires a large number of tracking stations, spread all over the world. The antennas required for LEO tracking and communication are not required to be as large as those used for deep space, but they must be able to track quickly.
These differing requirements led NASA to build a number of independent tracking networks, each optimized for its own mission. Prior to the mid-1980s, when the Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System (TDRSS) satellites became operational, NASA used several networks of ground based antennas to track and communicate with Earth orbiting spacecraft. For the Mercury, Gemini, and Apollo missions, these were the primary means of communication, with the Deep Space Network (DSN) being assigned a supporting/backup role.
Mercury MSFN stations.
The Manned Space Flight Network (MSFN) stations during Gordon Cooper's 1963 Mercury flight were:
The network expanded for Project Gemini's longer flights which included rendezvous operations involving two spacecraft. A move toward increased computerization and decreased voice support for Gemini made a more centralized network possible with fewer primary stations and more secondary stations, although those major facilities were better equipped. Some Mercury stations were dropped; many were supplemented with new hardware.
The Apollo missions.
The Manned Space Flight Network (MSFN) during the Apollo era was also known as the Apollo Network. From a NASA technical report on the history of the MSFN:
The technical facts of life were these: the radars
of the Mercury and Gemini Networks obviously could not track
two spacecraft orbiting the Moon a quarter-million miles
away: neither could the small MSFN telemetry antennas hope
to pick out the telemetry and voice messages in the weak
signals arriving from the vicinity of the Moon. Translated
into network hardware terms, Apollo would require at least
the following changes in the MSFN:
To meet these requirements, the MSFN used a combination of resources. A Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) system called "Unified S-band", or USB, was selected for Apollo communications, which allowed tracking, ranging, telemetry, and voice to all use the same S band transmitter. Near-Earth tracking was provided by upgrading the same networks used for Mercury and Gemini. New large antennas for the lunar phase were constructed explicitly for the MSFN, with Deep Space Network (DSN) large antennas used for backup and critical mission phases.
DSN support during Apollo.
Although normally tasked with tracking unmanned spacecraft, the Deep Space Network (DSN) also contributed to the communication and tracking of Apollo missions to the Moon, although primary responsibility remained with the Manned Space Flight Network (MSFN). The DSN designed the MSFN stations for lunar communication and provided a second antenna at each MSFN site (the MSFN sites were near the DSN sites for just this reason). Two antennas at each site were needed since the beam widths which the large antennas required were too small to encompass both the lunar orbiter and the lander at the same time. DSN also supplied some larger antennas as needed, in particular for television broadcasts from the Moon, and emergency communications such as Apollo 13.
From a NASA report describing how the DSN and MSFN cooperated for Apollo:
Another critical step in the
evolution of the Apollo Network came in 1965 with the advent
of the DSN Wing concept. Originally, the participation of
DSN 26-m antennas during an Apollo Mission was to be limited
to a backup role. This was one reason why the MSFN 26-m
sites were collocated with the DSN sites at Goldstone, Madrid,
and Canberra. However, the presence of two, well-separated
spacecraft during lunar operations stimulated the rethinking
of the tracking and communication problem. One thought was
to add a dual S-band RF system to each of the three 26-m
MSGN antennas, leaving the nearby DSN 26-m antennas still in
a backup role. Calculations showed, though, that a 26-m
antenna pattern centered on the landed Lunar Module would
suffer a 9-to-12 db loss at the lunar horizon, making tracking
and data acquisition of the orbiting Command Service
Module difficult, perhaps impossible. It made sense to
use both the MSFN and DSN antennas simultaneously during the
all-important lunar operations. JPL was naturally reluctant
to compromise the objectives of its many unmanned spacecraft
by turning three of its DSN stations over to the MSFN for
long periods. How could the goals of both Apollo and deep
space exploration be achieved without building a third 26-m
antenna at each of the three sites or undercutting planetary
science missions?
The solution came in early 1965 at a meeting at NASA
Headquarters, when Eberhardt Rechtin suggested what is now
known as the "wing concept". The wing approach involves
constructing a new section or "wing" to the main building at
each of the three involved DSN sites. The wing would include
a MSFN control room and the necessary interface equipment
to accomplish the following:
i. Permit tracking and two-way data transfer with either
spacecraft during lunar operations.
2. Permit tracking and two-way data transfer with the
combined spacecraft during the flight to the Moon
3. Provide backup for the collocated MSFN site passive
track (spacecraft to ground RF links) of the Apollo
spacecraft during trans-lunar and trans-earth phases.
With this arrangement, the DSN station could be quickly
switched from a deep-space mission to Apollo and back again.
GSFC personnel would operate the MSFN equipment completely
independently of DSN personnel. Deep space missions would
not be compromised nearly as much as if the entire station's
equipment and personnel were turned over to Apollo for several
weeks.
The details of this cooperation and operation are available in a two-volume technical report from JPL.
Current communication with earth-orbiting spacecraft.
, three different NASA networks are used - the Deep Space Network (DSN), the Near Earth Network (NEN) and the Space Network/Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System (TDRSS). The DSN, as the name implies, tracks probes in deep space (more than from Earth), while NEN and TDRSS are used to communicate with satellites in low earth orbit. TDRSS uses a network of 10 geostationary communication satellites, and a single ground station at White Sands Test Facility.
After Apollo, the MSFN no longer needed the large antennas that had been used for lunar communication, which were eventually given over to the DSN. In 1985, the antenna at Honeysuckle Creek Tracking Station was moved to the Canberra Deep Space Communication Complex (CDSCC) DSN site, and the antenna at Fresnedillas was moved to the existing Robledo DSN location. The Goldstone Deep Space Communications Complex antenna is still in its original location.

</doc>
