<doc id="18400899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18400899" title="Infanta Alicia, Duchess of Calabria">
Infanta Alicia, Duchess of Calabria

Infanta Alicia, Dowager Duchess of Calabria (née: "Princess of Bourbon-Parma"; given names: Alicia Maria Teresa Francesca Luisa Pia Anna Valeria; born 13 November 1917) is a daughter of Elias, Duke of Parma and Piacenza and his wife Archduchess Maria Anna of Austria. Alicia was Duchess of Calabria through her marriage to Infante Alfonso, Duke of Calabria (1901–1964). From 1936 she bore the title of Infanta of Spain. She was born in Vienna, Austria.
Marriage and issue.
Alicia married Infante Alfonso, Duke of Calabria (30 November 1901 - 3 February 1964), her second cousin and the eldest child and son of Prince Carlos of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and his wife Mercedes, Princess of Asturias, on 16 April 1936 in Vienna, Austria-Hungary. Alicia and Alfonso had three children:
Heiress to thrones.
Infanta Alicia is heiress to the throne of the Kingdom of Navarre if its traditional succession law (male-preference primogeniture) is followed, according to her son's official website.
Andorra has had female monarchs as accordance with male-preference primogeniture and thus she could be considered heiress to the Andorran throne, regardless of the former law of succession in France. This line follows the Count of Chambord's older sister, Louise Marie Thérèse d'Artois, mother of Robert I, Duke of Parma, father of Elias, Duke of Parma, father of Infanta Alicia.
As the heir-general of Louis XIV of France and Maria Theresa of Spain by male-preference primogeniture, Infanta Alicia is also the senior genealogical representative of the kings of Castile, Aragon, Naples, and Sicily by the ancient laws of those kingdoms and also of the former provinces and states of the Burgundian Netherlands under the uniform rule of succession laid down by the Pragmatic Sanction of 1549. Her son Infante Carlos, Duke of Calabria, will at her death not only be the direct senior genealogical representative of Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies (who hailed from a more junior lineage of the House of Bourbon whose right to the throne was acquired by international treaty in 1734) but also of the more ancient dynasties which ruled Sicily from 1282 and Naples from 1442 up to the year 1700.
If the marriage of Maria Beatrice of Savoy to her uncle is deemed illegal, then Alicia, as heir of Maria Beatrice's next sister, would be the Jacobite pretender to the thrones of England, Scotland, France and Ireland. However, English and Scots law in 1688 (after which point Jacobites must admit it to be static, as changes would require the approval of the monarch, who they hold is not the person actually on the throne) stated that a marriage contracted outside of the realms was not challenged if it was legal in its own land; thus, since Maria Beatrice and her mother's brother Francis IV, Duke of Modena received the Pope's consent to marry, Alicia's claim is weak.

</doc>
<doc id="18400921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18400921" title="Shew">
Shew

, an archaic form of the word "show", as in, ""it was thus shewed that the interaction of various substances depends mainly on electron shells...""
Shew is an American surname, and may refer to:
It is also an English surname, and may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18400949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18400949" title="2008 Rink Hockey European Championship">
2008 Rink Hockey European Championship

The 2008 Rink Hockey European Championship was the 48th edition of the Rink Hockey European Championship—the biennial rink hockey competition for European national teams, supervised by CERH—that took place in the Spanish city of Oviedo, at the local arena "Palacio de los Deportes" (), on July 21–26, 2008. 
In a final against long-time rivals, Portugal, the hosts and holders Spain won their fifth consecutive European title.
Format.
The tournament consists of two distinct phases: a single round-robin group phase and a knockout phase. In the first phase, the eight finalist teams are divided into two groups of four teams. Within each group, every team plays one match against all the other teams, to decide the group classification. 
Unlike previous editions, all participating teams advance to the quarterfinals phase, whatever their final placing in the group phase. In the quarterfinals, each group winner and the runner-up teams will play the third and fourth placed teams of the other group, respectively, for a place in the semifinals. The four losing teams will play one last game to decide their final ranking in the tournament.
The quarterfinal winning sides progress to the semifinals and the two winners meet in the title-awarding final. A game deciding the third and fourth place will be held between the semifinal losing sides.
Group phase.
The group phase was contested on July 21–23, with two matches per group, each day. Group A was composed by France, Italy, Netherlands and hosts Spain; Group B included Germany, England, Portugal and Switzerland.
Goalscorers.
Below is a list of all the tournament goalscorers by decreasing number of goals scored:

</doc>
<doc id="18400957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18400957" title="Siege of Porto">
Siege of Porto

The Siege of Porto is considered the period between July 1832 and August 1833 in which the troops of Dom Pedro remained besieged by the forces of Dom Miguel I of Portugal.
The resistance of the city of Porto and the troops of Dom Pedro made the victory of the liberal cause in the Kingdom of Portugal possible. Those that fought in the Siege of Porto on the Liberal side include Almeida Garrett, Alexandre Herculano and Joaquim António de Aguiar.
Occupation of Porto and first encounters.
On 9 July 1832, the Liberal army entered Porto the day after the landing of Mindelo and found the city abandoned by the Royalist troops, whose leaders, ignoring the exact number of Liberal forces, had decided to withdraw.
General Manuel Gregório de Sousa Pereira de Sampaio, a first degree viscount of Santa Marta and supreme commander of the division that operated between the Royalists Coimbra and Vila do Conde, decided to settle in Vila Nova de Gaia. He ordered that on the same day of the entry of the Liberals forces into the city, an attack should be made against the occupants. In July 10, the Liberal English admiral George Rose Sartorius sent his boats into the mouth of the River Douro and fought back the Royalists' fire. While protected by the Liberal fleet, the division of Lieutenant-Colonel John Schwalbach crossed the river and occupied the Serra do Pilar, in Gaia, forcing the Royalists to withdraw in disorder to Oliveira de Azeméis.
Meanwhile, John Schwalbach advanced with his forces to the Alto da Bandeir and placed an advanced guard at Carvalhos. The two armies remained under mutual observation, without any of them daring to make an advance.
On 18 July, the first attack by the Royalists occurred, without success. Five days later the Battle of Ponte Ferreira was fought, in which a Liberal column routed the Royalists and returned to Porto. The Liberals committed numerous brutalities on their way, reinforcing the bad concept created by the clergy of the villages that the local populations had about the Liberals.
Besieged forces.
On the Royalists side, General Álvaro Xavier Coutinho e Póvoas and Viscount of Santa Marta joined forces. The two generals disposed their armies to surround the city.
Dom Pedro sent a column to attack Valongo, which fell in an ambush by the Royalists along the Ferreira Bridge. This made her go back to Rio Tinto in a defeat that alarmed the city. Meanwhile, the Serra do Pilar was fortified by Major Sá Nogueira. Dom Pedro, who saw the impossibility of occupying the north of the country as originally he had planned, reorganized the army and created the General Staff. He dispatched Pedro de Sousa Holstein, 1st Duke of Palmela, to London, with the mission of obtaining financial support to the cause and contracting officers and soldiers.
On July 27, a violent battle was fought south of Grijó. Póvoas routed the forces of the Count of Vila Flor, who retreated in disorder to the Alto da Bandeira. Due to the rivalry between Santa Marta and Póvoas, the Royalist troops came to be commanded by General Gaspar Teixeira, Viscount of Peso da Régua. This initiated the siege of the city, which was surrounded by a series of strongholds beginning in the Quinta da China in Campanhã near the River Douro, ending near the Senhora da Luz in the mouth of Douro, near the sea. This whole line located north of the river. To the south the lines began at Cabedelo in Canidelo, on the opposite side of the mouth of Douro, and ended at Pedra Salgada, next to the hill of the Seminar, placing fifteen batteries in this area.

</doc>
<doc id="18400998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18400998" title="Miah Maull Shoal Light">
Miah Maull Shoal Light

The Miah Maull Shoal Light is a lighthouse on the north side of the ship channel in Delaware Bay on the east coast of the United States, southwest of the mouth of the Maurice River.
History.
This light, the last offshore lighthouse to be erected in Delaware Bay, marks one of a series of shoals along the eastern side of the shipping channel, between the Elbow of Cross Ledge Light and the Brandywine Shoal Light. The name of the shoal commemorates Nehemiah Maull, a river pilot who was drowned in 1780 when the ship in which he intended to sail to England was wrecked on the then-unnamed shoal.
This light and the Elbow of Cross Ledge Light were intended to replace the Cross Ledge Light, and appropriations for both were first requested in 1904. In the case of this light construction was delayed by the inability of the first contractor to set the caisson before exhausting the budget, so that the caisson was not set in place until 1909. A wooden shed was mounted and a light first exhibited that September, but the superstructure was not completed until 1913, again due to financial requirements.
Originally the light was painted brown, and a fourth-order Fresnel lens imported from France was used. This lens was later replaced by an American-made model which served until the early 2000s. Around 1940 the superstructure was painted red, a color it has retained ever since. The keepers of this light controlled that of the Elbow of Cross Ledge Light when the latter was automated in 1951. In 1973 the light was automated.
The Fresnel lens has recently been replaced with a conventional modern 500 mm beacon, with the old lens to be displayed at the East Point Light.
In June 2011, the General Services Administration made the Miah Maull Shoal Light (along with 11 others) available at no cost to public organizations willing to preserve them. 

</doc>
<doc id="18401015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401015" title="1998–99 Bundesliga (women)">
1998–99 Bundesliga (women)

The Bundesliga (women) 1998–99 was the 9th season of the Bundesliga (women), Germany's premier football league. It began on 22 August 1998 and ended on 23 May 1999.
Final standings.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="18401019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401019" title="Howard Clarke">
Howard Clarke

Howard W. Clarke (born June 12, 1929) is Professor Emeritus of Classics and Comparative Literature at the University of California, Santa Barbara (1969–present).
Education & Career.
Clarke graduated from Holy Cross College A.B. (1950) and Harvard University MA (1951); PhD (1960). He was a Teaching Fellow at Harvard (1950–51), Instructor in Classics, Boston University (1956–1958, 1959–1960); Assistant to Full Professor of Classics at Oakland University, Rochester, Michigan, (1960–1969); and Professor of Classics and Comparative Literature at UCSB (1969–1991).
Bibliography.
Clarke is the author of "The Gospel of Matthew and Its Readers: A Historical Introduction to the First Gospel" (Bloomington, Ind. : Indiana University Press, c2003). He has also authored "The Art of the Odyssey" (Prentice-Hall, 1967; rpt. Duckworth, 19940); "Homer's Readers: A Historical Introduction to the Iliad and the Odyssey" (University of Delaware Press, 1981), he has translated from the Polish "The Return of Odysseus" by Stanisław Wyspiański (Indiana University Press, 1966); and he has edited "Twentieth Century Interpretations of the Odyssey" (Prentice-Hall, 1983) and "Vergil's Aeneid in the Dryden Translation" (Penn State Press, 1987). He was a sergeant in the Army Security Agency in Berlin (1953–56). Since 1993 he has been working as a Destination Lecturer on cruise ships operating in the Mediterranean area.

</doc>
<doc id="18401044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401044" title="Lawrence Yun">
Lawrence Yun

Lawrence Yun is Chief Economist and Senior Vice President of Research at the National Association of Realtors. He oversees the production of existing home sales statistics and the popular Home Buyer and Home Seller survey reports. He regularly appears on CNBC, BBC, Bloomberg Television, and is often quoted in the media. Yun is also a frequent speaker at Real Estate conferences throughout the United States. In March 2008, USA Today listed him among the top 10 economic forecasters in the country. At the time, when most economists were calling for another major declines in the housing market, Yun predicted that the housing market could stabilize with home buyer tax credit. Four years later, that rebound has yet to materialize according to some analysts, though actual data show home sales, housing starts, and Case-Shiller home prices either showing modest increases from 2009 or showing essentially no meaningful change. 
Yun has been with NAR since 2000. Prior to that, he worked as an economic consultant to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and the U.S. Department of Education. While a research associate at the University of Maryland from 1995 to 1998 with the funding from the United States Agency for International Development, Yun helped develop a graduate economics curriculum and lectured at several universities in the former Soviet Union as that country transitioned from communism to a market-based economy.
Yun was born in South Korea. He attended primary and secondary schools in South Carolina. He received his Mechanical Engineering degree from Purdue University. He received his Ph.D. in Economics from the University of Maryland, studying under Professors Dennis Mueller and Mancur Olson.
Lawrence Yun, his wife Alla, and their son James live in Arlington, Virginia.
Yun took on an unenviable task of following his predecessor David Lereah, who has been widely criticised and discredited in the media and in the realtor community. Yun has also been at times criticized for his predictions on the housing market.
His commentaries on the economy and the real estate market are on NAR Research website.

</doc>
<doc id="18401054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401054" title="Kim Jardine">
Kim Jardine

Kim Jardine (born April 12, 1966) is an educator, entrepreneur and former political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. She represented Miramichi Centre in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1999 to 2003 as a Progressive Conservative member.
She was born in Saint John, New Brunswick and was educated at the University of New Brunswick. Jardine served in the province's Executive Council as Minister of Environment and Minister of Environment and Local Government. She was defeated in a bid for reelection in 2003. In 2007, Jardine married Jeannot Volpé, another former member of Lord's cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="18401083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401083" title="Bruce Wilson (Democratic booster)">
Bruce Wilson (Democratic booster)

Bruce Wilson is a booster, fund-raiser and activist with the Boone County Democratic Party in Boone County, Missouri. He resides in Columbia with his wife, Nancy Wilson. 
Wilson has been alternately referred to in the local media as a "longtime Democratic activist", a "local Democratic booster," a "behind-the-scenes Democratic booster," and a "major Democratic benefactor." The "Columbia Tribune" quoted former Democratic Central Committee chair Charles Christy as saying, "He raises more money for Democrats than anyone." 
Wilson has long been active in the Boone County Democratic Party. He represented Missouri's Ninth Congressional District as a delegate for Hillary Clinton at the 2008 Missouri Democratic Convention, hosted a steak dinner that raised $14,000 for Dwayne Carey's campaign for Boone County Sheriff, managed Donna Crockett's 1995 campaign to represent the Third Ward on Columbia city council, and served as campaign coordinator for Bernie Lensmeyer’s 1996 campaign to represent the Fifth Ward on the same council. Former Boone County prosecutor Kevin Crane has referred to Wilson as "the secret weapon" of his successful 1994 campaign for the office. Recently, Wilson advised Stephen Webber's successful 2008 campaign for the Missouri House of Representatives in the 23rd District.
Wilson is also a prominent figure in the local Columbia community. He is the three-time winning bidder of the Grand Champion Boone County ham, auctioned every year at the Boone County Fair, winning the ham in 2004, 2006, and 2007. On all three occasions, he has donated the ham to another member of the community. In 2003, he and his wife served as Grand Marshals in the Boone County Fair parade. He is the former chairman of the fair's horse show and has served as a sponsor of the 2007 Columbia Balloon Invitational as well as a member of Boone County's "Yes for Better Sewers" committee
He is not related to former Missouri Governor Roger B. Wilson.

</doc>
<doc id="18401087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401087" title="Greater Temuco">
Greater Temuco

Greater Temuco is a Chilean conurbation composed of the cities of Temuco and Padre Las Casas in Araucanía Region of southern Chile. It has a population of 260,878, according to the 2002 census. Greater Temuco was formed when Temuco was divided into two administrative units, making the urban area spread into more than the Temuco commune. 
The population comprises Mapuche people as well as European immigrants, mainly Spaniards and Germans.

</doc>
<doc id="18401088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401088" title="Bamboo textiles">
Bamboo textiles

Bamboo textiles are cloth, yarn, and clothing made out of bamboo fibres. While historically used only for structural elements, such as bustles and the ribs of corsets, in recent years a range of technologies have been developed allowing bamboo fibre to be used in a wide range of textile and fashion applications. Modern bamboo clothing is clothing made from either 100% bamboo yarn or a blend of bamboo and cotton yarn. The bamboo yarn can also be blended with other textile fibres such as hemp or even spandex.
Traditional uses.
In China and Japan, thin strips of bamboo were woven together into hats and shoes. One particular design of bamboo hats was associated with rural life, being worn almost universally by farmers and fishermen in order to protect their heads from the sun.
In the West, bamboo, alongside other components such as whalebone and steel wire, was sometimes used as a structural component in corsets, bustles and other types of structural elements used in fashionable women's dresses.
Modern uses.
Manufacture of bamboo viscose.
Cellulose from bamboo is suitable for processing into viscose rayon. Bamboo leaves and the soft, inner pith from the hard bamboo trunk are extracted using a steaming process and then mechanically crushed.
Viscose manufactured from bamboo is promoted as having environmental advantages over wood-pulp viscose. Bamboo crops may be grown on marginal land unsuitable for forestry; although demand for bamboo has sometimes led to felling of forests to plant bamboo, though this has become less common since Chinese forestry policy reforms in the 1990's. The viscose processing results in the same chemical waste products as wood-pulp viscose, notably carbon disulfide, but bamboo cellulose is suitable for a closed-loop viscose process that captures all solvents used.
Alternative manufacturing processes.
The Swiss company Litrax is one company involved in the manufacturing of bamboo fibre. Litrax claims to use a more natural way of processing the bamboo into fibre. In this the woody part of the bamboo is crushed mechanically before a natural enzyme retting and washing process is used to break down the walls and extract the bamboo fibre. This bast fibre is then spun into yarn. In fine counts the yarn has a silky touch. The same manufacturing process is used to produce linen fabric from flax or hemp. Bamboo fabric made from this process is sometimes called bamboo linen. The natural processing of litrax bamboo allows the fibre to remain strong to produce an extremely high quality product. This process gives a material that is very durable.
Some bamboo fibre is made by a bacterial process similar to retting flax into linen fibre.
Source of raw material.
Most of the bamboo used to make bamboo fibre and bamboo clothing is grown in China by Hebei Jigao Chemical Fiber Company. They hold the patent on the process for turning bamboo into fibre. This facility produces all of the bamboo viscose on the market. The bamboo is certified organic by OCIA (The Organic Crop Improvement Association). To strictly control the quality of raw material, Hebei Jigao Chemical Fiber Company has built its own bamboo plantation in Sichuan Province, China, and keeps strict control over it. The bamboo is grown in accordance to the international organic standard of OCIA/IFOAM and the USDA National Organic Program, so as to ensure each bamboo stalk is of 100% natural growth and without any chemical pesticides. The proof of the ecologically sound methods behind bamboo production is the fact that all of the fibre produced at the facility in China is Oeko-Tex 100 certified. This certifies that the finished fibre has been tested for any chemicals that may be harmful to a person’s health and has been found to contain no trace chemicals that pose any health threat whatsoever. This means that every company working with bamboo starts with the same raw material and that this material is not contaminated.
Bamboo fibre.
Bamboo fibre is a cellulose fibre extracted or fabricated from natural bamboo, and possibly other additives, and is made from (or in the case of material fabrication, is) the pulp of bamboo plants. It is usually not made from the fibres of the plant, but is a synthetic viscose made from bamboo cellulose. (In the US, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has ruled that unless a yarn is made directly with bamboo fiber — often called “mechanically processed bamboo” — it must be called "rayon" or "rayon made from bamboo". However, the EPA noted: "Although the manufacturing process further purifies the cellulose, alters the physical form of the fiber, and modifies the molecular orientation within the fiber and its degree of polymerization, the product is essentially the same chemical as the raw material."
Bamboo has gained popularity as a "green" fibre. Manufacturers tout the fact that bamboo can be cultivated quickly, can be used as a cash crop to develop impoverished regions of the third world, and is a natural fibre (as opposed to popular synthetics like polyester) whose cultivation results in a decrease in greenhouse gases. Around 75% of all polluting emissions coming from the bamboo viscose process occur in the form of air emissions.
There may be environmental problems with the cultivation of land expressly for bamboo plantations, and the use of harsh chemicals to turn bamboo into usable fibre for clothing.
Bamboo is extremely resilient and durable as a fiber. In studies comparing it to cotton and polyester, it is found to have a high breaking tenacity, better moisture wicking properties, and better moisture absorption. In superseding these other fibers in these various areas, supporters of bamboo fiber products and goods tout it as more Eco-friendly than cotton and polyester.
Bamboo composite and biopolymer construction.
There are various approaches to the use of bamboo in composites and as an additive in biopolymers for construction. In this case, as opposed to bamboo fabrics for clothing, bamboo fibres are extracted through mechanical needling and scraping or through a steam explosion process where bamboo is injected with steam and placed under pressure and then exposed to the atmosphere where small explosions within the bamboo due to steam release allows for the collection of bamboo fibre. Bamboo fibre can be in a pulped form in which the material is extremely fine and in a powdered state.
Ecological reasons for using bamboo as a raw material for textiles and clothing.
Growth.
Bamboo has many advantages over cotton as a raw material for textiles. Reaching up to tall, bamboo is the largest members of the grass family. They are the fastest growing woody plants in the world. One Japanese species has been recorded as growing over a day. There are over 1600 found in diverse climates from cold mountains to hot tropical regions. About 40 million hectares of the earth is covered with bamboo, mostly in Asia. The high growth rate of bamboo and the fact that bamboo can grow in such diverse climates makes the bamboo plant a sustainable and versatile resource. The bamboo species used for clothing is called Moso bamboo. Moso bamboo is the most important bamboo in China, where it covers about 3 million hectares (about 2% of the total Chinese forest area). It is the main species for bamboo timber and plays an important role for the ecological environment.
Harvesting.
Once a new shoot emerges from the ground, the new cane will reach its full height in just 8–10 weeks. Each cane reaches maturity in 3–5 years. Bamboo can be continually re-harvested with no damage to the surrounding environment.
It is a grass and so regenerates after being cut just like a lawn without the need for replanting. This regular harvesting is actually of benefit to the health of the plant – studies have shown that felling of canes leads to vigorous re-growth and an increase in the amount of biomass the next year.
Yield and land use.
Land use is of global importance as the world’s seven billion people compete for water, food, fibre and shelter. Sustainable land use practices provide both economic and environmental advantages. Bamboo can be used as food, fibre and shelter and due to its ease of growth and extraordinary growth rate it is a cheap, sustainable and efficient crop. Bamboo grows very densely, its clumping nature enables a lot of it to be grown in a comparatively small area, easing pressure on land use. Yields of bamboo of up to 60 tonnes per hectare greatly exceed the yield of 20 tonnes for most trees and only 1-2 tonnes per hectare for cotton with a one-time planting for bamboo and little care and maintenance needed. In a time when land use is under enormous pressure, bamboo’s high yield per hectare becomes very significant.
Greenhouse gases and global warming.
Human activity is not only producing more carbon dioxide, but it is also severely damaging the ability of the planet to absorb carbon via its carbon sinks — the forests. Growing forests absorb but deforestation results in fewer trees to soak up rising levels of . Bamboo minimises and generates up to 35% more oxygen than equivalent stands of trees. One hectare of bamboo sequesters 62 tonnes of carbon dioxide per year while one hectare of young forest only sequesters 15 tonnes of carbon dioxide per year.
Deforestation.
Bamboo planting can slow deforestation, providing an alternative source of timber for the construction industry and cellulose fibre for the textile industry. It allows communities to turn away from the destruction of their native forests and to construct commercial bamboo plantations that can be selectively harvested annually without the destruction of the grove. Tree plantations have to be chopped down and terminated at harvest but bamboo keeps on growing. When a bamboo cane is cut down, it will produce another shoot and is ready for harvest again in as little as one year. Compare this to cotton – harvesting organic cotton requires the destruction of the entire crop causing bare soils to bake in the sun and release carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. Before replanting next years crop the cotton farmers till the fields which releases yet more .
Water use.
Very little bamboo is irrigated and there is sound evidence that the water-use efficiency of bamboo is twice that of trees. This makes bamboo more able to handle harsh weather conditions such as drought, flood and high temperatures. Compare bamboo to cotton which is a thirsty crop – it can take up to 20,000 litres of water to produce 1 kg of cotton and 73% of the global cotton harvest comes from irrigated land, Some estimates indicate that cotton is the largest user of water among all agricultural commodities.
Soil erosion.
Yearly replanting of crops such as cotton leads to soil erosion. The extensive root system of bamboo and the fact that it is not uprooted during harvesting means bamboo actually helps preserve soil and prevent soil erosion. The bamboo plants root system creates an effective watershed, stitching the soil together along fragile river banks, deforested areas, and in places prone to mudslides. It also greatly reduces rain run-off. Conventional cotton-growing also causes a severe reduction in soil quality through the impact of constant use of pesticides on soil organisms.
Biodegradable.
As a natural product derived entirely from plant cellulose, bamboo fibre is biodegradable in soil by micro organisms and sunlight. Having reached its useful life, clothing made from bamboo can be composted and disposed of in an organic and environmentally friendly manner. Synthetic fibres such as nylon and polyester are not biodegradable and remain in landfill for longer.
Pesticides and fertilizers.
A huge benefit of using bamboo as the organic base for textile fibres is that there is no need for pesticides or fertilisers when growing bamboo. However, herbicide and fertilizer applications are common in some places to encourage edible shoot growth. Bamboo also contains a substance called bamboo-kun – an antimicrobial agent that gives the plant a natural resistance to pest and fungi infestation, though some pathogen problems do still exist in some bamboo plantations.
By contrast, only 2.4% of the world’s arable land is planted with cotton, yet cotton accounts for 24% of the world’s insecticide market and 11% of the sale of global pesticides. Many of these pesticides are hazardous and toxic.
An estimated 1 million to 5 million cases of pesticide poisoning occur every year, resulting in 20,000 reported deaths among agricultural workers and at least 1 million requiring hospitalisation. Even organic cotton farming uses pesticides – copper and copper salts.
Fertilisers are also applied to cotton fields to increase growth rate and crop yields.
Problems and criticism around bamboo.
Even though bamboo fabrics are often advertised as antibacterial, in reality finished bamboo fabric does not retain all of bamboo's original antibacterial property; research is being conducted whereby antibacterial agents are being added to bamboo fabric to enhance its antibacterial properties. For the moment the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) charge companies with fake antimicrobial claims when the fiber has been made with rayon. Additionally, "raw bamboo fabric lets almost all damaging UV radiation pass through and reach the skin"; as such, research is being conducted to add UV absorbing chemicals to the fabric to prevent this from occurring.

</doc>
<doc id="18401091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401091" title="Supreme Tex Mart">
Supreme Tex Mart

Supreme Tex Mart Limited (NSE: [http://www.nseindia.com/marketinfo/equities/quotesearch.jsp?companyname=supremetex&series=EQ&flag=0]) is an Indian textile company. It is the flagship company of the Supreme Group founded by Ram Lal Gupta. 
The company manufactures and exports yarn, fabrics and garments.
Products.
Supreme Tex Mart Limited manufactures textile products including yarn, fabrics, and garments. It produces yarns for knitting and weaving (in grey and dyed) and hand knitting yarns, hosiery machine knitting yarns, cotton yarn (ring spun and rotor yarn), bath matt yarns, carpet yarns, fancy yarns, home furnishing yarns, and mink blanket yarns.
Management.
The company is headed by Sanjay Gupta and Ajay Gupta.

</doc>
<doc id="18401092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401092" title="Association of Former Intelligence Officers">
Association of Former Intelligence Officers

The Association of Former Intelligence Officers (AFIO), formerly known as the Association of Retired Intelligence Officers is a non-profit, non-partisan advocacy organization founded in 1975 by David Atlee Phillips to counter widespread criticism of the United States intelligence community coming from the media and the U.S. Congress. It is registered with the IRS as a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt charity and sees its primary mission as educational. The AFIO has 5,000 members in 24 active chapters, most of whom are a mix of former or current intelligence officers, academicians, students, and the general public; it is not necessary to be an intelligence officer to be an associate member of AFIO if one supports its principles and abides by its code of ethics.

</doc>
<doc id="18401106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401106" title="Confess (disambiguation)">
Confess (disambiguation)

To confess is to admit one's guilt or to admit one's belief.
Confess may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18401110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401110" title="Utah State Route 107">
Utah State Route 107

State Route 107 (SR-107) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah that spans in Davis County, connecting SR-110 in West Point to SR-126 and Clearfield.
Route description.
The route begins at the intersection of SR-110 (4500 West) and 300 North in West Point and heads east on the latter as a two-lane highway. The highway continues east and passes north of a golf course before entering Clearfield. The route passes a park and crosses train tracks before terminating at SR-126 (Main Street).
History.
The state legislature created SR-107 in 1931, connecting SR-1 (US-91) near Clearfield with West Point; it was extended slightly west to SR-195 in 1945. Since then, although the routes at each end have changed (SR-1 is now SR-126 and SR-195 is now SR-110), SR-107 has retained the same alignment.

</doc>
<doc id="18401170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401170" title="Gilles Bourdos">
Gilles Bourdos

Gilles Bourdos is a French film director, screenwriter and producer. He is best known for his atmospheric cinema, which uses troubling themes in contrast with powerful aesthetic imagery. He was one of the founders of the French production company Persona Films which produced most of his early work. Bourdos often collaborates with screenwriter Michel Spinosa, cinematographer Mark Lee Ping Bin and musician Alexandre Desplat. 
Bourdos, who was born in Nice, France, made his feature film début at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival with "Disparus (1998)", a political thriller and love triangle during the Surrealist movement in Paris in 1938. His second critically acclaimed feature, "Inquietudes" (2003), is based on the Ruth Rendell novel "A Sight for Sore Eyes" and stars Gregoire Colin and Julie Ordon. His first English language film, "Afterwards (2008)", featured Evangeline Lilly, John Malkovich, and Romain Duris, and was based on the French bestseller "Et Après..." by Guillaume Musso. 
His widely acclaimed 2012 film "Renoir" competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. The film tells the forgotten story of Andree Heuschling, also known as Catherine Hessling, who was the last model of the impressionist painter Pierre-Auguste Renoir and the first actor in the films of his son, the movie director Jean Renoir. The story is set in the south of France during World War I. The film stars Michel Bouquet, Christa Theret, and Vincent Rottiers. Renoir has been selected as the French entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18401189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401189" title="E. O. Plauen">
E. O. Plauen

E. O. Plauen (often stylized as e.o.plauen) was the pseudonym of Erich Ohser (March 18, 1903 – April 5, 1944) (some sources give his birth year as 1909), a German cartoonist best known for his strip "Vater und Sohn" ("Father and Son").
Life and work.
Ohser was born in Untergettengrün, nowadays an outlying centre of Adorf, in the Vogtland. When he was four years old, his family moved to Plauen (hence his choice of pseudonym). He completed his studies at the Akademie für Graphische Künste und Buchgewerbe in Leipzig in 1928, and began work at the Sächsische Sozialdemokratische Presse. In his work for such democratic magazines as Vorwärts, satirical representations of Joseph Goebbels and Adolf Hitler earned him the enmity of the Nazis, and he was prohibited from practicing his trade ("Berufsverbot"). He continued to work under pseudonyms, and from 1940, began again to produce cartoons on political themes. He was arrested on charges of expressing anti-Nazi opinions ("reichsfeindliche Äußerungen").
On April 5, 1944 – the day before his trial – Ohser committed suicide in his cell, no doubt anticipating what befell the longtime friend and associate with whom he had been arrested, Erich Knauf (journalist, author and editor of the Volkszeitung für das Vogtland), who was executed weeks later.
Vater und Sohn.
"Vater und Sohn" was a generally wordless feature consisting typically of five or six panels, in which a stout, bald man with a moustache and his young son Eric get into and out of various predicaments regarding day to day events. The strip featured slapstick humour most of all (spankings are frequent) but emphasizes the tender and conspiratorial relationship between the two. The strip appeared from 1934 to 1937 in the Berliner Illustrirte Zeitung, for a total of 157 episodes.
In the early 1990s, the feature was also transformed into a children's book series by Iranian publisher, 'Vazheh', which included explanations of the cartoons (in Persian) along with the strip on the opposite page.
Memorials.
In 1968 his ashes were interred in the central cemetery of his hometown, which took over responsibility for the grave's maintenance in 1988. The Städtische Galerie in Karlsruhe mounted an exhibition of his works in 2001.He is also remembered with the E.O. Plauen prize for an outstanding living caricaturist.[http://www.e.o.plauen.de/site/eopreistraeger.html Moreover, his "Vater und Sohn" characters have a statue in his hometown,[http://www.plauen.de/pitcms/.plauen/hauptordner3/e1_o10/e2_o3/bilder1/foto_vater_sohn.jpg] where the figures appear on storefronts and tram schedules
[http://www.elektrische-plauen.de/seite053.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18401206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401206" title="Ángel Aragón">
Ángel Aragón

Ángel Aragón (August 2, 1890 — January 24, 1952) was a professional baseball player and father of Jack Aragon. Aragón spent his entire Major League Baseball career with the New York Yankees. He played in the Cuban League from 1912 to 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="18401210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401210" title="Pete Hoida">
Pete Hoida

Pete Hoida was born in Birkenhead in 1944. He ceased writing circa 1985, after which he dedicated his time wholly to painting.
Poetry.
He would be better represented by these later volumes: final publication "Literary Breakfast", "The Correct Demanded Direction", and "Stumble", which were only printed in very small editions of 300 and received scant attention. His more noticed, very early published "Lips", would not represent him at his best. Also published: "Selected Poems of Blaise Cendrars" (Translation).
Painting.
He studied painting at Hammersmith College of Art and Building (1969–1972) and Goldsmiths College School of Art, London University (1972–1974), painting thereafter from Stroud, Gloucestershire.
"Marrying an abstract distinctly English landscape sensibility that draws on Patrick Heron and Ivon Hitchens with the fierce transatlantic colourism of Hans Hofmann and Nicolas de Staël's velvety tachism, Hoida arrives at an intensely personal synthesis, resonating with landscape feeling." Or as Alan Gouk puts it "his colour is not just thought up in the studio as part of some "non-referential" building kit" or AG again, as above "….persist, nonetheless, in trying to render fulgent the fuliginous, to make clear things that are tacit and cloudy, that have no name until painted….."
Exhibitions.
Selected solo exhibitions include: Axiom, Cheltenham, 1986; Guildhall Arts Centre, Gloucester, 1987 & 1992; The Living Room, London, 1994; Museum & Art Gallery, Cheltenham, 1995; 7 Goodge Place, London, 1997; deli Art, London, 2000; Ashcroft Modern Art, Cirencester, 2006; Subscription Rooms, Stroud, 2007; SE1 Gallery, London, 2008.
Selected group exhibitions include: Camden Arts Centre, London; Spacex, Exeter; Pelter/Sands, Bristol; The Grundy Art Gallery, Blackpool; The Atkinson Art Gallery, Southport; Boundary Gallery, London; Blackburn Museum and Art Gallery; Gwl Gelf, Harlech Art Biennale; The Schoolhouse Gallery, Bath; Sun & Doves, London; Royal West of England Academy, Bristol; Dean Clough, Halifax.

</doc>
<doc id="18401212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401212" title="7,12-Dimethylbenz(a)anthracene">
7,12-Dimethylbenz(a)anthracene

7,12-Dimethylbenz(a)anthracene is an immunosuppressor and a powerful organ-specific laboratory carcinogen. Also known as 7,12-dimethylbenz[α]anthracene or DMBA, this substance is widely used in many research laboratories studying cancer. DMBA serves as a tumor initiator by making necessary mutations. Tumor promotion can be induced with treatments of TPA (12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate) in some models of two-stage carcinogenesis. This allows for a greatly accelerated rate of tumor growth, making many cancer studies possible.

</doc>
<doc id="18401226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401226" title="2003 Oregon Ducks football team">
2003 Oregon Ducks football team


</doc>
<doc id="18401228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401228" title="Jeanne">
Jeanne

Jeanne may be:

</doc>
<doc id="18401246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401246" title="Compleat">
Compleat

Compleat is an archaic variant of the word "complete." Other uses of the word include:

</doc>
<doc id="18401299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401299" title="Bible translations into Japanese">
Bible translations into Japanese

There are two main translations of the Bible into Japanese widely in use today -- the New Interconfessional Version (:ja:新共同訳聖書) and the New Japanese Bible (:ja:新改訳聖書). Both are published by the Japanese Bible Society but with different translation goals. The New Japanese Version aims to be used as a literal translation using modern Japanese while the New Interconfessional Version aims to be ecumenically used by all Christian denominations and must therefore conform to various theologies. Protestant Evangelicals most often use the New Japanese Version but the most widely distributed Bible and the one used by the Catholic Church, the United Church of Christ, Lutheran Church factions and many Anglicans in Japan is the New Interconfessional Version.
Jesuit missions.
Japanese Bible translation began when Catholic missionaries ("Kirishitan") entered Japan in 1549, and Jesuits published portions of the New Testament in Kyoto, in 1613, though no copy survives. Exactly how much was translated by the Jesuit Mission is not confirmed. It would seem that at least Gospels for the Sundays of the year and other Bible pericopes were translated. Shortly afterwards, however, Christianity was banned and all the missionaries were exiled. That translation of the Bible is now lost.
Protestant missionaries.
Work on translation started outside of Japan in the 19th century by Protestant missionaries interested in Japan. Karl Gutzlaff of the London Missionary Society translated the Gospel of John in Macau in 1837, referring to the Chinese version of Robert Morrison (Chinese "Shentian Shengshu" 神天聖書). Bernard Jean Bettelheim, who had been a missionary in the Ryūkyū Kingdom (Okinawa) and who had been exiled, translated the Bible to Ryūkyūan and published the Gospel of Luke and John, Acts of the Apostles and the Epistle to the Romans in Hong Kong in 1855. Japan re-opened in 1858, and many missionaries came into the country. They found that intellectuals could read Chinese texts easily, so they used Chinese Bibles at first. However, the proportion of intellectuals was only in the region of 2% and in order to spread their religion across the country more effectively, a Japanese Bible became necessary.
Meiji Version, 1887.
A translation was done by James Curtis Hepburn, of the Presbyterian Mission, and Samuel Robbins Brown, of the Reformed Church of America. It is presumed that Japanese intellectual assistants helped translate Bridgman and Culbertson's Chinese Bible (1861) into Japanese, and Hepburn and Brown adjusted the phrases. The Gospels of Mark, Matthew and John were published in 1872. Hepburn's project was taken over by a Missionary Committee, sponsored by the American Bible Society, British and Foreign Bible Society and the Scottish Bible Society in Tokyo. Their New Testament and Old Testament, called the Meiji Version (明治元訳 "meiji genyaku", "Meiji era Original Translation"), was published in 1880 and 1887 respectively. They translated from a Greek text as well as the King James version.
Taisho Revised Version, 1917.
A revision of the New Testament, the "Taisho Revised Version" (大正改訳聖書 "taisho kaiyaku seisho", "Taisho era Revised Translation of Scripture") appeared in 1917 during the Taishō period. This version was widely read even outside of Christian society. Its phrases are pre-modern style, but became popular in Japan. This was based on the Nestle-Aland Greek Text and the English Revised Version (RV).
Colloquial Translation, 1954.
After World War II, the Japanese Bible Society translated a , the New Testament being ready in 1954 and the Old Testament in 1955. It was adopted by certain Protestant churches but never became really popular, perhaps because of its poor literary style. This translation was based on the Revised Standard Version (RSV).
Japanese Living Bible, 1977.
Based on the New Living Translation this translation has an informal literary style which attempts to capture the meaning of the original texts in modern Japanese.
Available online in PDF form from Biblica.
New Japanese Bible, 1970; 1978; 2003.
In 1970 the Japanese Bible Society released the first edition of the which was translated from Hebrew, Aramaic and Greek (Biblia Hebraica Stuttgartensia and Nestle-Aland Novum Testamentum Graece). The "Shin Kaiyaku" endeavors to translate theologically difficult passages in a way that is linguistically accurate to the source texts, to strike a balance between word-for-word and thought-for-thought but erring toward a literal translation.
New Interconfessional Version, 1987.
The Second Vatican Council decided to promote ecumenism and emphasized respect for the Bible. Consortia between the Catholic and the Protestant churches were organized and translation projects started in many countries, including Japan. The collaboration committee published the Interconfessional Translation Bible (Japanese: 共同訳聖書 "kyoudou yaku seisho") of the New Testament in 1978, but it was not widely supported by both congregations, Catholic and Protestant. The committee then published a revised version in 1987, the New Interconfessional Translation Bible (新共同訳聖書 "shin kyoudou yaku seisho"), which included the Old Testament. It has been distributed well by various organisations such as Gideons International, the next edition is planned to be released in 2016.
Catholic versions.
In the Catholic Church, Emile Raguet of the MEP translated the New Testament from the Vulgate Latin version and published it in 1910. It was treated as the standard text by Japanese Catholics. Federico Barbaro colloquialized it (published in 1957). He went on to translate the Old Testament in 1964.
The Franciscans completed a translation of the whole Bible, based on the Greek and Hebrew text, in 1978. This project was inspired by the Jerusalem Bible.
Orthodox versions.
In the Orthodox Church, Nicholas and Tsugumaro Nakai translated the New Testament as an official text in 1901, but the 1954 Colloquial Translation is often used.
Other translators.
There are many other Japanese translations of the Bible by various organizations and individuals.
Jehovah's Witnesses.
The Watch Tower Society published its Japanese translation of the New Testament in 1973 and the full "New World Translation (NWT)" in Japanese in 1982; by the end of that year, tens of thousands of copies had been printed in Japan. Japanese was among the first eight languages into which "NWT" was translated, and a Japanese "References" edition of "NWT" was published in 1985. Since the 1990s, "NWT" has been explicitly offered "at no charge" by Jehovah's Witnesses. A 2004 report claims that the Watch Tower Society printed 48,000 copies of "NWT" in Japan during the first three months with a new press.
Throughout "New World Translation" in Japanese, the publishers chose to use the name "Ehoba", a Japanized form of "Jehovah" (itself a translation of the Hebrew name represented by the Tetragrammaton). They referred to the use of the proper name "Ehoba" in the 1800s among Christians in Japan and in certain 19th-century Japanese Bibles.
External links.
Downloadable
Online

</doc>
<doc id="18401302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401302" title="Complete">
Complete

Complete may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18401310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401310" title="Technological and industrial history of Canada">
Technological and industrial history of Canada

The technological and industrial history of Canada encompasses the country's development in the areas of transportation, communication, energy, materials, public works, public services (health care), domestic/consumer and defense technologies. Most technologies diffused in Canada came from other places; only a small number actually originated in Canada. For more about those with a Canadian origin see Invention in Canada.
The terms chosen for the "age" described below are both literal and metaphorical. They describe the technology that dominated the period in question but are also representative of a large number of other technologies introduced during the same period. Also of note is the fact that the period of diffusion of a technology can begin modestly and can extend well beyond the "age" of its introduction. To maintain continuity, the treatment of its diffusion is dealt with in the context of its dominant "age". For example the "Steam Age" here is defined as being from 1840 to 1880. However steam powered boats were introduced in 1809, the CPR was completed in 1885 and railway construction in Canada continued well into the 20th century. To preserve continuity, the development of steam, in the early and later years, is therefore considered within the "Steam Age".
Technology is a major cultural determinant, no less important in shaping human lives than philosophy, religion, social organization, or political systems. In the broadest sense, these forces are also aspects of technology. The French sociologist Jacques Ellul defined la technique as the totality of all rational methods in every field of human activity so that, for example, education, law, sports, propaganda, and the social sciences are all technologies in that sense. At the other end of the scale, common parlance limits the term's meaning to specific industrial arts.
The Stone Age: Fire (14,000 BC – AD 1600).
The diffusion of technology in what is now Canada began with the arrival of the first humans about 14,000 BC.
These people brought with them stone and bone tools. These took the form of arrowheads, axes, blades, scrappers, needles, harpoon heads and fishhooks used mostly to kill animals and fish for food and skins. They also brought fire which they used for heating their dwellings and for cooking which was done on open fires. There were no clay pots or ovens.
In the Arctic the Innu used stick frames covered with animal skins for shelter during the summer months while during the harsh winter they built houses made of snow or igloos. On the plains native peoples used the well known teepee. This consisted of a number of poles arranged to form a conical structure which was in turn covered with animal skins. In central Canada the long house was popular. This large structure was built from interwoven branches and could house 70 to 80 people. Several of these structures would be built together to form a village which was often surrounded by a palisade of logs stuck vertically into the ground as protection from hostile tribes. On the west coast native peoples constructed dwellings made from heavy timber. These structures were built near the water's edge and were often decorated with elaborate and elegant carved images.
Transportation techniques were simple. The aboriginal peoples did not have the wheel, horses or the sail. The paddle powered canoe was the most common means of transport and was especially practical during the summer, considering the large number of lakes and rivers that characterized the topography. The duggout was favoured in the waters off the west coast. Summer travel also saw use of the travois, a simple type of sled that was pulled over the ground by a dog and used to transport a light load. In the winter snow shoes made walking in the deep snow practical. Winter transport in the Arctic made use of dog teams and in warmer summer months use of kayaks was common.
Clothing was made of animal skins which were cut with stone and bone tools and sewn with bone needles and animal sinews. Native peoples did not have textiles.
For the most part native peoples were hunters and gatherers, chasing large animals, and fishing for a source of protein. Wild plants and fruits that also an important food source. A common, easily stored and readily transportable food was pemmican, dried powdered meat mixed with fat, berries and "vegetables". In central Canada there was limited agriculture which allowed the storage of some food during times of privation. Of note was the fact that they did not have the plough or draught animals.
The first peoples had techniques for dealing with disease. Medicines included those made from high bush cranberries, oil of wintergreen and bloodroot, among others. A type of tea made from the bark of the spruce or hemlock could prevent or cure scurvy.
The first peoples did not have a written language. Their extensive knowledge of the natural world and information relating to their customs and traditions was passed orally.
Weapons of war were made by hand from wood and stone. The long range weapon of these times was the bow and arrow with an effective range of up to 100 metres. Close in fighting was conducted with a range of simple armaments including: stone-tipped spears, stone axes (tomahawk), stone blades used as knives and stone and wooden clubs of various types. Because there was no knowledge of metalworking with the exception of some small items of jewelry made from copper, weapons such as swords and metal knives were not part of this early arsenal.
The Age of Sail: Ships, symbolic language, the wheel, horses, tables and chairs (1600–1830).
The arrival of white explorers and colonists in the 16th century introduced those technologies popular in Europe at the time, such as iron making, the wheel, writing, paper, printing, books, newspapers, long range navigation, large ship construction, stone and brick and mortar construction, surgery, firearms, new crops, livestock, the knife fork and spoon, china plates and cups, weed, cotton and linen cloth, horses and livestock.
Transportation: Shipbuilding and the Wheel.
The use of wind and water as sources of power were major developments in the technological history of the new colonies. Ships with large masts and huge canvas sails maintained the link between the colonies and the imperial centres, Paris, France until 1769 and London, England until the arrival of steam power in 1850. The ships in service were built not only in Europe but also in the colonies. The construction of these vessels (shipbuilding) was a remarkable feat in the nascent colonies of New France and British North America representing the dominant sector of the colonial manufacturing industry for 200 years. Design and construction techniques reflected those popular in northern Europe during the period. Intendant Jean Talon established the Royal Dockyard on the St. Charles River in Quebec City and the first 120 ton vessel was launched there in 1666. Three other ships, including a 450 ton, "galiotte", were built before Talon’s departure for France in 1672 and four more were built in Quebec between 1704 and 1712 followed by another nine between 1714 and 1717. Work at the Royal Dockyard recommenced in 1739 and by 1744, twelve vessels had been constructed there, including the "Canada", a 500 ton merchantman. Demand for ships was such that a second Royal Dockyard was established in 1746, on the St. Lawrence at the foot of Cap Diamante, where the largest vessel of the French Regime, a 72 gun, 800 ton war ship was built. The fall of New France to the British in 1759 put an end to these activities.
However the beginning of the 19th century witnessed a revival. The British loss of the American colonies with their associated shipbuilding industry, the subsequent British loss of Baltic sources of timber, as well as Canada’s abundant supply of wood along with the tradition of shipbuilding established in New France made British North America an ideal location for a renewed shipbuilding industry. Quebec City and Saint John, New Brunswick, both centres of timber export also became dominant centres for this activity not only in Canada but worldwide. The ships were intended for trade, mostly with Britain and common designs included the two masted brig and brigantine and the popular barque, with three masts or more. Designs of between 500 and 1000 tons, which sacrificed speed in favour of a voluminous hold, that was well suited to the carriage of timber, were preferred. The Californian and Australian gold rushes of 1848 and 1851 respectively further fed the demand for Canada’s large ocean vessels. However the arrival of the iron and steel hulled steam ship associated with the Canadian inability to adapt to this new technology eventually bankrupted the industry in the latter years of the century.
Inland travel by the coureurs de bois was by way of an Indian invention, the canoe. The York boat and bateau were also popular for travel on inland waters. The York boat was used by traders working for the Hudson’s Bay Company and was named after the fur trading post at York Factory on Hudson Bay. The York boat was more stable, larger and had a greater carrying capacity than the canoe. The first was built in 1794 and numbers of these craft navigated the rivers of the northern prairie region as far west as Fort Chipewyan until replaced by the steamboat in the 19th century. The flat bottomed bateau was another craft used on Canada’s inland waters by both British and French colonists in the 18th and 19th centuries.
Within settlements transport was often simply a matter of walking around town. The horse, introduced by the new arrivals in 1665, also provided a new and convenient mode of transport. The wooden cart, wagon and carriage, made possible by the introduction of the wheel in combination with the horse, dramatically improved the transport of people and goods. The first graded road in Canada was built by Samuel de Champlain in 1606 and linked the settlement at Port Royal to Digby Cape, 16 kilometres away. By 1734 Quebec City and Montreal were connected by a road, Le chemin du roi, along the north shore of the St. Lawrence. The 267 km distance could be traversed with great difficulty and discomfort by horse-drawn carriage in four to five days. Most roads were of very poor quality especially in wet weather. To overcome this problem logs were often placed side by side crosswise to cover ruts, puddles and mud holes. The result was a more solid but very bumpy surface that was referred to as a corduroy road. Work on what would be called the, "longest street in the world", formally known as Yonge Street, began in York (Toronto), in 1795 under the direction of Deputy Surveyor General Augustus Jones. Initially a trail, it ran from Eglington Avenue to St. Albans (Holland Landing) and later much further north. The task of widening the path into a road fell to local farmers. The period also saw the construction a number of important canals including: the Rideau Canal, Ottawa–Kingston, 1820, the Lachine Canal, Montreal, 1825, the Ottawa River Canals at Grenville and Carillon, Quebec, 1834 and the Chambly Canal, Chambly, Quebec, 1843.
Communication, Symbolic Language.
The introduction of written language and mathematics to the new world was of paramount importance. The 26 letter, Roman based alphabet that formed the basis for French and English words was arguably much more flexible that the pictographs that characterized eastern languages. The pen along with ink and paper made written communication possible and allowed private individuals, businessmen, the clergy and government officials to produce the documents essential for social, commercial, religious and political intercourse. This created a need for mail service. Messages were originally carried between settlements on the St. Lawrence by canoe. After 1734 the road between Montreal and Quebec was used by a special courier to carry official dispatches. In 1755 a post office was opened in Halifax by Benjamin Franklin, the Post Master of the British colonies, as part of a trans-Atlantic mail service that he established between Falmouth, England and New York. In 1763 Franklin opened other post offices in Quebec City, Trois-Rivières and Montreal with a link from the latter city to New York and the trans-Atlantic service. The War of American Independence seriously disrupted mail service in Canada but by 1783 peace had been restored and Hugh Finlay was appointed Post Master for the northern colonies in 1784. That same year Finlay hired Pierre Durand to survey an all-Canadian mail route to Halifax. The path chosen took 15 weeks for a round trip!
Although the written word was a vital part of communications, French colonial policy opposed the establishment of newspapers in New France. Canada's first paper, the "Halifax Gazette", produced on a simple printing press, began publication in 1752 under the watchful eye of John Bushell. In 1764, the "Quebec Gazette" was established in Quebec City by William Brown and Thomas Gilmore. The "Montreal Gazette" was founded in that city in 1785 by Fleury Mesplet. Other newspapers followed including the "Upper Canada Gazette" at Newark (Niagara-on-the-Lake) in 1793, the first newspaper in what is now Ontario, the "Quebec City Mercury", 1805, the "Montreal Herald", 1811, "Le Canadien" 1806, "La Minerve", 1826, and the "Colonial Advocate" and "Novascotian" both in 1824. These publications were simple affairs, typeset by hand, consisting of only a few pages, produced in limited quantities on simple presses and of limited distribution.
Energy.
Wind power was used to some to turn the sails of the windmill, which did not come into widespread use. However water power was used extensively to power grist mill in both New France and later, Quebec and Upper Canada and Lower Canada. Animal power in the form of the horse or ox, was used to work the fields. The first horses were introduced to New France in 1665. Fire from a wood or oil fuel source was not new but the use of stone fireplaces and ovens along with metal pots and pans dramatically changed the nature of cooking.
Industry.
Between the 1530s and 1626 Basque whalers (whaling) frequented the waters of Newfoundland and the north shore of the Gulf of St. Lawrence from the Strait of Bell Isle to the mouth of the Sagenuay River. They constructed stone ovens ashore for fires to melt whale fat. However as whales became scarce, the cod fishery (fishing) off the Grand Banks of Newfoundland became hotly contested by the British and French, in the 16th and 17th centuries. The British used small boats close to shore from which they caught the cod with hook and line. They practised the "dry fishery" technique which involved shore based settlements for the drying of cod on flakes or racks placed in the open air for their subsequent transport back to Europe. The French on the other hand practised the "green fishery" which involved processing the catch with salt aboard ship. At the same time a fleet of schooners fishing for cod, halibut, haddock, and mackerel became prominent off the Atlantic coast. The use of the long line and purse seine net increased the size of the catch.
It is ironic that a phenomenon as fickle as fashion would be responsible for the economic development and exploration of half a continent but such was the case with the fur trade in North America between 1650 and 1850. The subject of bitter rivalry between the British and French Empires and inter-corporate rivalry among a number of business organizations, notably the Hudson's Bay Company and the North West Company, the technology of the trade was the picture of simplicity. Traders, be they French or British would set out in birch bark canoes, loaded with trade goods (knives, axe heads, cloth blankets, alcohol, firearms and other items) and travel west along Canada's numerous rivers, streams and lakes in search of Indians and exchange these items for beaver skins. The skins came from animals trapped by the native peoples and worn as clothing during the long cold Canadian winter. The skins were worn with the fur side next to the skin and by the spring the long hairs would be worn away leaving the short hairs which were used to make felt. The skins were then carried by the traders in their canoes back to trading posts in Montreal or on Hudson Bay and transported by sailing ship to England or France. There they were processed by a technique involving mercury, and the felt that resulted from the treatment was used to make beaver hats, and coincidentally gave rise to an associated phenomenon, the mad hatter. A combination of diminishing beaver stocks and a change in fashion that saw a decline in the popularity of the beaver hat put an end to the trade.
Agriculture was an essential colonial activity. The settlers who founded Port Royal in Acadia in 1605 drained coastal marshes with a system of dikes and grew vegetables, flax and wheat and raised livestock. After 1713 the British promoted the Maritimes as a source of hemp for rope for the Royal Navy, with moderate success. Mixed farming, the growing of wheat and the raising of livestock would characterize the nature of maritime agriculture well into the mid-19th century. In 1617, Louis Hebert a colonist in Quebec began to raise cattle and grow peas, grain and corn on a very small plot. In the 1640s charter companies promoted agriculture and settlers cleared forested land with the use of axes, oxen, horses and asses. In 1663 Louis XIV, through his colonial administrators Colbert and Jean Talon took steps to promote the cultivation of hops and hemp and the raising of livestock. By 1721 the harvest of the farmers of New France consisted predominantly of wheat and the census of horses, pigs, cattle and sheep registered 30,0000 animals. In the latter part of the century the British promoted the cultivation of potatoes. The arrival of the Loyalists in Upper Canada (where they were given the title United Empire Loyalists) in the late 18th century resulted in the cultivation of hemp but agriculture was dominated by the wheat culture well into the mid-19th century.
The techniques for the production of beer were quickly introduced to colonial life. The first commercial brewery in Canada was built in Quebec City in 1668 by Jean Talon. This was followed by the construction of other breweries including those of John Molson in Montreal, 1786, Alexander Keith, Halifax, 1820, Thomas Carling, London, 1840, John Kinder Labatt, London, 1847 and Eugene O’Keefe in Toronto in 1891. Of note is the fact that the first patent awarded by the government of Canada went to Mr. G. Riley in 1842 for "an improved method of brewing ale, beer, porter, and other maltliquors".
Money, then as now was of vital interest to individuals and to the functioning of the economy. The first coin produced for use in New France was the "Gloria Regni" a silver piece, struck in Paris in 1670. The first paper money in New France consisted of playing cards signed by the governor and issued in 1685 to help deal with the chronic shortage of coins. After 1760 the British introduced the sterling which officially stood as Canada's currency for almost a century. However the monetary system in reality was a chaotic affair and the British coins and paper circulated along with, Spanish dollars, Nova Scotia provincial money, US dollars and gold coins and British paper "army bills" used buy supplies in the War of 1812. In 1858 the government of the Province of Canada began keeping its accounts in Canadian dollars and to circulate its own paper currency alongside the paper dollars circulated by the Bank of Montreal and other banks.
Materials.
The Europeans brought with them metal and textiles and the knowledge of the means to make them. Les Forges de St. Maurice which began producing iron in 1738 at facilities near Trois-Rivières and the Marmora Ironworks established in 1822 near Peterborough were the first iron works in Canada. Both ceased operations in the latter part of the 19th century.
Early 16th century female settlers along the St. Lawrence and in Acadia were almost all were familiar with the techniques of spinning yarn and weaving cloth for everyday clothes and bedding and the home production of textiles eventually became an important cottage industry. The spinning wheel and loom were features of many colonial homes and weaving techniques included the "à la planche" and "boutonné" methods. Loyalist women settling in Upper and Lower Canada grew flax and raised sheep for wool to make clothing, blankets and linen. The Jacquard loom, introduced in the 1830s, featured a complex system of punch cards to control the pattern and was the first programmable machine in Canada. With the arrival of industrial textile mills in Montreal and Toronto in the late 19th century, the economic advantage of home weaving faded.
Wood ash became a significant export during this period. Potash made from the ashes of burnt wood was used as a bleaching and dying agent in textile production in Britain. Wood ash and pearl ash (potash mixed with lime) were shipped overseas as early as 1767 and export reached a peak in the mid-19th century. In 1871 there were 519 asheries in operation in Canada. Wood ash was also used in the home by colonials to make soap.
Medicine.
Medical treatment at this time reflected techniques available in France and was provided by a barber-surgeon. The first in New France was Robert Giffard who arrived in Quebec City in 1627 and "practiced" at Hotel-Dieu, Canada's first hospital, a very modest four-room structure, founded by the church. The panacea was bleeding, which involved the use of a knife to cut open a blood vessel and drain way a quantity of the patients blood. There was some surgery but it was undertaken with primitive instruments and without anesthetic or any familiarity with the concept of infection and both the procedure and results were usually quite gruesome. Another figure of repute, Michel Sarrazin, a botanist as well as doctor arrived from France in the latter half of the 17th century and served as the surgeon-major for the French troops in New France. He too practised at Hotel-Dieu and while there treated hundreds of patients infected during a typhus epidemic. Eyeglasses for the correction of vision became available at this time. The mercury thermometer, invented in 1714, became a useful diagnostic tool for doctors as did the stethoscope invented in 1816. Because doctors were few and far between people with medical problems often had to treat themselves. They used Indian medicines or home remedies based on the internal and external application of various herbal and animal products. Advances in surgery came in the early 19th century with the innovative work of Dr. Christopher Widmer who practised at York Hospital (later known as Toronto General Hospital) and R.W. Beaumont made a name as a noted inventor of surgical instruments. The early part of the 19th century also witnessed the first halting steps with respect to the use of inoculation, in Nova Scotia, in this case against smallpox. However it would take another one hundred years for the practise to become widespread. General hospitals were established in Montreal in 1819 and York (Toronto, Ontario) in 1829.
Domestic Technology.
The first houses in Canada were constructed at Port Royal on the Annapolis River in what is now Nova Scotia in 1605. The colonists built simple wooden frame homes with peaked roofs around a central courtyard. This established a house building tradition that lasts to this day, for by far the most common domestic structure in Canada for the last 400 years has been the wood-frame peak-roofed house. Most domestic homes, both urban and rural, in New France from about 1650 to 1750 were simple wooden structures. Wood was inexpensive, readily available and easily worked by most residents. Rooms were small, usually limited to a living/dining/kitchen space and perhaps a bedroom. Roofs were usually peaked to deflect the rain and very heavy snow. After fires in Quebec City in 1682 and Montreal in 1721 building codes emphasized the importance of stone construction, but these requirements were mostly ignored except by the most affluent. The most popular type of domestic dwelling in Loyalist Upper Canada in the late 18th century was the log house or the wood frame house or, less commonly, the stone house. When homes were heated it was by a fireplace burning wood or a cast-iron wood stove, which was also used for cooking, and they were lit by candlelight or whale oil lamp. Kerosene lamps became popular in the 1840s, when Gesner of Halifax developed an effective way to manufacture that product. Water for drinking and washing was carried to the home from an outside source. Tables and chairs, items unknown to Canada's native peoples, were introduced and had an important place in the home.
The new arrivals also brought new eating habits. Meat from animals such as cows, sheep, chickens and pigs was common as were new types of fruits and vegetables. These items were eaten fresh but could be stored for later consumption if salted, pickled or frozen. Grain was ground to flour at the local grist mill and baked in the home oven with yeast to make bread. Hopps, grain and fruit were fermented to make beer, hard alcohol and wine. Meals were served on pewter or china plates and eaten with a metal knife, fork and spoon. The places were set on a simple wooden table with wooden chairs often made by the man of the house.
Musical instruments did much to enliven the colonial life. In the well known documents The Jesuit Relations, there is reference to the playing of the fiddle in 1645 and the organ (music) in 1661. Quebec City boasted of Canada's first piano in 1784.
Waste Disposal.
Sewage and garbage disposal were simple tasks in the mostly rural parts of the colonies. Sewage was dumped into a stream or left in pits and buried. Scrap food was fed to farm animals and any other garbage or waste was burned or placed in a quiet corner of the property and left to deteriorate. However in towns such as Halifax, Quebec City, Montreal and York (Toronto), these tasks became more difficult due to lack of space and the concentrated population, and the result was very unpleasant. Streets reeked with the smell of decaying garbage as well as pig, horse and cow excrement. Markets were places of animal blood, rotting animal carcasses and fish heads and other decaying organic matter. Human excrement was stored in pails in buildings and then dumped into the streets. Not until the mid-19th and early 20th centuries would these problems be effectively addressed through the installation of sewer systems and the organization of municipal garbage collection.
Military Technology.
The Europeans introduced extremely important innovations relating to warfare, gunpowder, the cannon and the musket. The cannon was used to arm a number of important military structures including: the Citadel of Quebec, Quebec City, Quebec, 1745, the Fortress of Louisburg, Louisburg, Nova Scotia, 1745 and Fort Henry, Kingston, Ontario, 1812. They were also the primary weapon aboard the warships of the era. French regular soldiers stationed in New France and British regulars stationed in British North America after 1763 were equipped with a musket and bayonet. Ironically in the Battle of Quebec, one of the great battles of history, the French General Montcalm ordered his troops out of the ultra-modern stone-walled Citadel, with its heavy defensive cannon and onto the adjacent Plains of Abraham where they were felled by a single volley of musket fire from the British line. Both the British/Canadian/Native troops and American troops were equipped with cannons and muskets when invading American armies attacked Canada in 1775 and again during the period from 1812 to 1814 with the intent of annexation. In both cases the invaders were defeated.
The Steam Age: trains, telegraphs, universal time, water and oil (1830–1880).
The pace of diffusion quickened in the 19th century with the introduction of such technologies as steam power and the telegraph. Indeed it was the introduction of steam power that allowed politicians in Ottawa to entertain the idea of creating a transcontinental state. In addition to steam power, municipal water systems and sewer systems were introduced in the latter part of the century. The field of medicine saw the introduction of anesthetic and antiseptics.
Transportation, steam power.
It was via the paddle-powered steam boat that steam power was first introduced to Canada. The "Accommodation", a side-wheeler built entirely in Montreal by the Eagle Foundry and launched in 1809, was the first steamer to ply Canadian waters, making its maiden voyage from Montreal to Quebec that same year in 36 hours. Other paddle-wheel steamboats included: the "Frontenac", Lake Ontario, 1816, the "General Stacey" Smyth, Saint John River, 1816, the "Union", lower Ottawa River, 1819, the "Royal William", Quebec to Halifax, 1831 and the "Beaver", BC coast,1836.
One of the great trans-Atlantic steam ship lines was established in Montreal in 1854. The Allan Line Royal Mail Steamers company, founded by Sir Hugh Allan, operated a fleet of over 100 ocean going steam ships, plying the route between Montreal and Britain from that date until 1917 when it was sold to Canadian Pacific Ocean Services Limited.
The first steam locomotive powered railway service in Canada was offered by the Champlain and St. Lawrence Railroad, Quebec, in 1836. Other railway systems soon followed including: the Albion Mines Railway, Nova, Scotia, 1839, the St. Lawrence and Atlantic Railroad, 1853, the Great Western Railway, Montreal to Windsor, 1854, the Grand Trunk Railway, Montreal to Sarnia, 1860, the Intercolonial Railway, 1876, the Chignecto Marine Transport Railway, Tignish, Nova Scotia, 1888, the Edmonton, Yukon & Pacific Railway, 1891, the Newfoundland Railway, St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, 1893, the White Pass and Yukon Railway, Whitehorse, Yukon Territory, 1900, the Kettle Valley Railway, British Columbia, 1916 and Canadian National Railways, 1917.
One of the great engineering works of the world, the Canadian Pacific Railway and its associated Canadian Pacific trans-Canada telegraph system, was completed in 1885. Between 1881 and 1961 CPR would operate 3,267 steam locomotives.
The stage coach came into its own in the mid-19th century. Roads in early colonial Canada were poor and not well suited to long distance travel by horse-drawn coach. For this reason the stage coach was used mostly for short distance travel and long distance inter-city passenger service was mostly by water. With the introduction of the steam locomotive, long distance inter-city passenger service boomed. However a means of conveyance was required serve to those small towns that found themselves short distances from, "the end of the line" or beyond the reach of local public horse car service. The stage coach was well suited to this roll. From about 1850 until 1900 in parallel with the explosive growth of the rail network all across Canada, the service grew. However, the ever expanding reach of the rail network eventually even to small towns, the small size of the markets served and arrival of cars and buses put an end to this colourful means of transport in the early 20th century.
In Western Canada throughout the 19th century the Carlton Trail served as an important land transportation route over its 1500 km length from Winnipeg (Fort Garry) to Edmonton, (Upper Fort des Prairies). The simple horse-drawn Red River Cart was a common sight on the road. Another overland series of roads, the Red River Trails, connected Fort Garry to the US.
Manned flight came to Canada during these years. On 4 August 1840, a hot air balloon, took to the air for the first time in Canada when the "Star of the East", piloted by aeronaut Louis Lauriat, rose into the sky over Saint John, New Brunswick.
Universal time.
The measurement of time before the coming of the railways was a local matter with towns and cities establishing their own "time zones". There was little coordination of times between cities or regions in Canada or elsewhere in the world. Train travel revealed the shortcomings of this arrangement for it quickly led to problems related to the scheduling of arrivals and departures from different cities. A Canadian engineer, Sandford Fleming, proposed a coordinated world-wide time system at a meeting in Toronto of the Royal Canadian Institute in 1879. His idea was accepted at the International Meridian Conference of 1884.
Communication.
Canada's initial telegraph service, introduced in 1846, was offered by the Toronto, Hamilton and Niagara Electro-Magnetic Telegraph Co. Others soon followed including: the telegraph system of The Montreal Telegraph Company, 1847 and the telegraph system of the Dominion Telegraph Company, 1868. The production and transmission of the signal was by means of analog technology, and its introduction would form the backbone of communication and computing technology in Canada for the next 140 years.
In 1856, the first underwater telegraph cable in Canada was laid, linking Cape Ray, Newfoundland and Aspy, Nova Scotia. Ten years later, in 1866 the first Transatlantic telegraph cable, was laid between Hearts Content, Newfoundland and Foilhommerum, Valentia Island, in western Ireland. The first trans Canada telegraph service was established by Canadian Pacific Railway in 1885. In 1902, Canadian Pacific completed a trans-Pacific cable telegraph, linking Vancouver with Australia and New Zealand.
The newspaper benefited from the introduction of the telegraph and the rotary press. This latter device, invented in the US, was first used in Canada by George Brown in Toronto starting in 1844 to print copies of the Globe. This process permitted the printing of thousands of copies of each daily paper rather than the mere hundreds of copies possible with previous technologies.
Energy and oil.
Drilling for oil was first undertaken in Canada in 1851 in Enniskillen Township in Lambton County by the International Mining and Manufacturing Company of Woodstock, Ontario. There was fierce competition for oil drilling, refining and distribution in southern Ontario until 1880 when 16 oil refineries merged to form Imperial Oil. This company was in turn acquired in 1898 by John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil Trust. Oil discovery and development in the west dates from the early 20th century with Imperial becoming a major player by 1914, at Turner Valley, Alberta and in 1920 at Norman Wells, NWT. British based corporations such as Royal Dutch Shell and Anglo-Persian Oil (British Petroleum) also became involved in oil exploration in the west at this time.
Oil refining required sulfuric acid, and two entrepreneurs, T.H. Smallman and W. Bowman, established the Canadian Chemical Company in London, Ontario in 1867 to manufacture this product for the region's oil industry. This marked the beginning of the mass production of heavy industrial chemicals in Canada.
The discovery of oil and gas led to the construction of Canada's first energy pipelines. In 1853 an iron pipeline from the Maurice River area carried natural gas 25 kilometres to Trois-Rivières, Quebec, where it was used to provide street lighting. In 1862 a pipeline was built to carry oil from wells in Petrolia, Ontario to Sarnia for refining and in 1895 another natural gas pipeline, 20 centimetres in diameter, linked wells in Essex County, Ontario to Windsor and passed under the Detroit River to Detroit.
Coal gas public street lighting systems were introduced in Montreal in 1838, in Toronto in 1841 and in Halifax in 1850. Coal gasification plants were built in these cities and others to provide the gas for the lighting systems. Most remained in operation until the 1950s when they were phased out due to a loss of demand, in favour of the more practical and inexpensive natural gas. The decommissioning of these sites was often problematic due the accumulation of toxic coal tar in the ground.
Materials and Products.
Glass manufacturing was introduced at this time. Glass was manufactured at Mallorytown, Upper Canada beginning in 1825. Window glass was produced at the Canada Glass Works in St. Jean, Canada East (Quebec) from 1845 to 1851 and the Ottawa Glass Works at Como in Ottawa, Canada West (Ontario) from 1847 to 1857. Glass was blown to form tubes which were cut lengthwise, unrolled and flattened. Glass bottles were produced starting in 1851 by the Ottawa factory and Foster Brothers Glass Works, in St. Jean starting in 1855. Other manufacturers included: the Canada Glass Works, Hudson, Quebec, 1864–1872 and the Hamilton Glass Company, Hamilton, Ont, 1865–96, which produced "green" glass and the St. Lawrence Glass Company, Montreal, 1867–73 and Burlington Glass Company of Hamilton, Ont, 1874–98 which produced "flint" or clear glass. Rubber footwear was produced by the Canadian Rubber Company in Montreal starting in 1854.
Industrial textile production also took its first steps during these years. In 1826, Mahlon Willett established a woollen cloth manufacturing factory in L'Acadie, Lower Canada and by 1844 the Sherbrooke Cotton Factory in Sherbrooke was producing cotton cloth. This establishment also had powered knitting machines and may therefore have been Canada's first knitting mill before burning down in 1854. There were cloth manufacturing mills in operation at Ancaster, Ontario by 1859, as well as Merritton, Ontario (the Lybster Mills, 1860). In Montreal a cotton mill operated on the banks of the Lachine Canal at the St-Gabriel Lock from 1853 until at least 1871 and Belding Paul & Co., operated Canada's first silk cloth manufacturing factory in that city starting in 1876.
The safety match became available to Canadians about mid-century. The technology, which separated the chemicals for match ignition, some on the match head and some on the striking surface, was invented by J.E. Lumdstrom in Sweden in 1855. Canadian production began in 1856 when Ezra Butler Eddy began to manufacture safety matches in Hull, Quebec. The E. B. Eddy Company became one of the largest producers of matches in the world.
Industrial Techniques and Processes.
The lumber industry grew to become one of Canada's most important economic engines during this period. A market for Canadian wood developed in Britain where access to traditional sources of lumber for the construction of ships for the Royal Navy, as well as industrial structures, was blocked by Napoleon in 1806. As a result Britain turned to her colonies in North America to supply masts for her ships as well as sawn lumber and square timber. Other wood products included barrel staffs, shingles, box shooks and spool wood for textile factories. Growth during this period was staggering. In 1805, 9000 loads of lumber arrived in Britain from Canada. In 1807, the total shipped rose to 27,000 loads, in 1809, 90,000 and by 1846, 750,000 loads.
Water was necessary for the transport of lumber to saw mill and ports as well as providing the power for the saw mills themselves and as a result the forest industry developed along the rivers of New Brunswick, Quebec and Ontario, including the Mirimachi, St. John, Ottawa and Gatineau. The logging itself was a winter activity and began with the first snowfall when roads and camps were built in the forest. Trees were cut with steel axes until about 1870 when the two-man crosscut saw was introduced. The felled trees had their branches removed and were hauled over the snow roads by teams of oxen or horses to the nearest frozen stream or river. In the spring melt they would be carried by the rushing water downstream to the mills. Often the logs "jammed" and on the way the lumberjacks would undertake the very dangerous lob of breaking the "jam". Where there were rapids or obstacles, special timber "slides" were constructed to aid transport. Large numbers of logs were often assembled into rafts to aid their movement or into very large booms which drifted down river to mills and market. A number of large firms appeared as a result of this activity including, Cunard and Pollok, Gilmour and Co. in New Brusswick, William Price in Chicoutimi, Quebec and J.R.Booth in Ottawa. The introduction of the railway at mid-century served to decrease the importance of water transport for the industry.
The industry in western Canada and in particular British Columbia did not develop as quickly as in the east but with the exhaustion of the eastern forests and the opening of the Panama Canal in 1914, it eventually overtook the scale of activity in eastern Canada. Different conditions there required different logging techniques. Because the trees were much larger and heavier, three times as many horses or oxen were required to haul them. The more moderate climate meant that the winter snow roads could not be used and instead necessitated the use of log skid roads. Trees were so tall that springboards were wedged into notches cut into the trunk to serve as work platforms for two loggers using heavy double bit steel axes. Human and animal muscle, powered the industry until 1897 when the steam-powered "donkey engine" was introduced in B.C. from the US. This stationary machine drove a winch connected to a rope or wire which was used to haul logs up to 150 metres across the forest floor. A series of such engines placed at intervals could be used to haul large numbers of logs, long distances in relatively short periods of time. The "high lead system" in which a wire or lead suspended in trees was used to haul logs, was also introduced about this time.
Other manufacturing capabilities began to develop during this period, in parallel with shipbuilding. Canada's first paper mill was built in St. Andrews, Quebec in 1805 by two New Englanders and produced paper for sale in Montreal and Quebec City. By 1869 Alexander Burtin was operating Canada's first groundwood paper mill in Valleyfield, Quebec. It was equipped with two wood grinders imported from Germany and produced primarily newsprint. North America's first chemical wood-pulp mill was constructed in Windsor mills, Quebec in 1864 by Angus and Logan. C.B.Wright & Sons began to make "hydraulic cement" in Hull, Quebec in 1830. Leather tanning gained prominence and James Davis among others made a mark in this field in Toronto beginning in 1832. Canada became the world's largest exporter of potash in the 1830s and 1840s. In 1840 Darling & Brady began to manufacture soap in Montreal. E.B.Eddy began to produce matches in Hull, Quebec in 1851. Explosives were manufactured by an increasing number of companies including the Gore Powder Works at Cumminsville, Canada West, 1852, the Canada Powder Company, 1855, the Acadia Powder Company 1862, and the Hamiltom Powder Company established that same year. In 1879 that company built Canada's first high explosives manufacturing plant in Beloeil, Quebec. The first salt well was drilled at Goderich, Canada West in 1866. Phosphate fertilizer was first made in Brockville, Ontario in 1869.
The mass production of clothing began at this time. Livingstone and Johnston, later W.R. Johnston & Company, founded in Toronto in 1868, was the first in Canada to cut cloth and sew together the component pieces with the help of the newly introduced sewing machine, as part of a continuous operation.
The technology of photography was introduced during these years. Eleven daugerreotypists were listed in Lovell’s Canadian Directory of 1851 while the Canada Classified Directory listed 360 in 1865. Most used the wet collodion process invented by F. Scott Archer in England in 1851.
The growing agricultural activity in southern Ontario and Quebec provided the basis for farm mechanization and the manufacturing industry to meet the demand for agricultural machinery. The area around Hamilton had become attractive for iron and steel industries based on railway construction and the source of this raw material made the same area attractive to aspiring farm implement manufacturers. By about 1850 there were factories producing ploughs, mowers, reapers, seed drills, cutting boxes, fanning mills threshing machines and steam engines, established by entrepreneurs including the well known Massey family, Harris, Wisner, Cockshutt, Sawyer, Patterson, Verity and Willkinson. Although the industry was located mostly around Hamilton there were other smaller manufacturers in other locations including, Frost and Wood of Smith Falls, Ontario, Herring of Napanee, Ontario Ontario, Harris and Allen of Saint John and the Connell Brothers of Woodstock, both in New Brunswick and Mathew Moody and Sons of Terrebonne and Doré et Fils of La Prairie both in Quebec.
Meat processing had been a local undertaking since the beginning of the colony with the farmer and local butcher providing nearby customers with product. Health concerns were evident from the start and regulations for the butchering and sale of meat were promulgated in New France in 1706 and in Lower Canada in 1805. Activity grew to reach an industrial scale by the middle of the 19th century. Laing Packing and Provisions was founded in Montreal in 1852, F.W. Fearman began processing operations in Hamilton, Ontario and in Toronto William E. Davies established Canada's first large scale hog slaughter house in Toronto in 1874.
The founding of the Canadian Manufacturers Association in 1871 was symptomatic of the growth of this sector of the economy with its related technologies.
The retail industry also experienced considerable innovation during these years at the hands of Timothy Eaton of Toronto. He offered for sale large numbers of "consumer" goods such as clothes, shoes and household items under the roof of one large store and sold them at fixed prices eliminating the concept of barter. This had become possible because of the recent stabilization of the Canadian currency through the creation of the Canadian dollar and the simultaneous appearance of mass-produced goods which allowed uniform pricing for any particular product. In 1884 he created the iconic Eaton's catalogue which formed the basis for his catalogue sales operation which allowed rural dwellers to order and receive by mail or train the products that were available to those who had access to his growing chain of giant urban department stores.
Medicine.
There were dramatic developments in the field of medicine during these years. In 1834, a British surgeon with the Royal Navy suggested a link between sanitation and disease. This led to the establishment of departments of public health across the country by the end of the century and provided an impetus to municipalities to supply clean water to their citizens as noted above. The use of the hypodermic syringe, invented in 1853, was quickly adopted by Canadian doctors. Two other medical innovations also appeared at this time, anesthetic and antiseptic. The use of ether and chloroform as anaesthetics became common in England and the US after 1846. In Canada, Dr. David Parker of Halifax is credited as the first to use anaesthesia during surgery. Antiseptic was being used in the operating rooms of the Montreal and Toronto General hospitals by 1869.
In many cases the only technique for dealing with infectious disease was quarantine and this was the case for leprosy. Canada's first leper colony was established on Sheldrake Island in New Brunswick and operated there from 1844 to 1849 when patients were transferred to a facility at Tracadie, New Brunswick. On the west coast a leper colony was established on D'Arcy Island off the coast of Vancouver Island and patients were treated there until 1924 when it was closed. A number of patients on the island tried to escape by swimming to the larger Vancouver Island.
Public Works, (Water), Civil Engineering and Architecture.
Water distribution systems also became a feature of many Canadian cities during this period and their installation represented the most significant development in public health in Canada's history. Gravity feed systems were in operation in Saint John, New Brunswick in 1837 and Halifax, Nova Scotia in 1848. Steam powered pumping stations were in service in Toronto in 1841, Kingston, Ontario in 1850 and Hamilton, Ontario in 1859. Quebec City had a system by 1854 and Montreal by 1857. Most large cities had steam powered municipal systems by the 1870s. Sewer systems necessarily followed and with them the flush toilet in the 1880s made popular by Crapper in Great Britain at that time.
Coal gas public street lighting systems were introduced in Montreal in 1838 in Toronto in 1841 and in Halifax in 1850. Horse-drawn street rail coaches for public transport were introduced in large Canadian cities about his time. In Montreal the Montreal City Passenger Railway Company, formed in 1861, offered horse car service from 1861 to 1891 when it was replaced by electric streetcar service. Horse car service began in Toronto in 1861 as well and was offered by the Toronto Street Railways until 1892, when it was also replaced by electric streetcar service.
The technology of incarceration was refined during these years. Prisons were built in Quebec City in 1809 and Montreal in 1836. However one of the world’s largest and most modern prisons, the fortress-like Provincial Penitentiary of the Province of Upper Canada, Kingston Penitentiary, opened in that city in 1835. Based on a design by William Powers a deputy warden at the prison in Auburn, New York State, the facility, surrounded by high walls, could hold up to 800 prisoners in minuscule cells measuring 6 feet by 2 feet, separated from each other by stone walls two feet thick. Other prisons of similar design included those at Saint John, New Brunswick, 1839, Halifax, Nova Scotia, 1854, St. John’s, Newfoundland, 1859, the Don Jail, Toronto, 1866, the Toronto Central Prison, Toronto, 1873, Saint-Vincent-de-Paul, Montreal, 1873, Stony Mountain, Manitoba, 1877, New Westminster, British Columbia, 1878 and Dorchester Penitentiary, New Brunswick, 1880. Civilians convicted of capital crimes (capital punishment in Canada) were hung by the neck. This technique included both the "short" and "long" drop. The short drop, killed by suffocation while conscious, while the “more humane”, long drop, immediately broke the neck thus rendering the person unconscious followed by death through suffocation. Those convicted of capital military offences were shot by firing squad.
Notable works of civil engineering realized during this period included: the Chaudière Bridge, Ottawa, 1828, 1844, 1919, the Reversing Falls Bridge, St. John, New Brunswick, 1853 and 1885, the Niagara Falls Suspension Bridge, 1855, The Halifax Citadel, Halifax, Nova Scotia, 1856, Victoria Bridge, Montreal, Quebec, 1859, Canada's first tunnel, the Brockville Railway Tunnel, Brockville, Ontario, 1869, the Kettle Creek Bridge, St. Thomas, Ontario, 1871 and the Grand Rapids Tramway, Grand Rapids, Manitoba, 1877.
The grand hotel made its first appearance during these years with the opening of the Clifton Hotel in Niagara Falls, Upper Canada in 1833. Other hotels of note included: St. Lawrence Hall, Montreal, 1851, the Queen's Hotel, Toronto, 1862 and the Tadoussac Hotel, Tadoussac, Quebec, 1865.
Church architecture and construction advanced with the completion of, Notre-Dame Basilica (Montreal), in 1843, the Cathedral Church of St. James (Toronto) in 1844 and St. Michael's Cathedral (Toronto), in 1848.
Defence.
The Militia Act of 1855 passed by the Legislature of the Province of Canada established the basis for the Canadian military. The act established seven batteries of artillery, which grew to ten field batteries and 30 batteries of garrison artillery by 1870. Weapons used by these units included the 7-pound smooth-bore muzzle-loading and the 9-pound rifled muzzle-loading (RML) guns.
The early Electric Age: Light, telephones, sewers, heavy manufacturing, skyscrapers and central heating (1880–1900).
Energy, Electricity.
Public electric lighting received its first Canadian demonstration in Manitoba at the Davis House hotel on Main Street, Winnipeg, March 12, 1873. In 1880, the Manitoba Electric and Gas Light Company was incorporated to provide public lighting and power and in 1893 the Winnipeg Electric Street Railway Company was established. Halifax had electric lights installed by the Halifax Electric Light Company Limited in 1881. The year 1883 saw the introduction of electric street lighting in Victoria, the first city in British Columbia to get public electric power. Vancouver got electricity in 1887. In 1884, the Royal Electric Company began offering commercial power to Montreal. Also in 1884, Saint John, New Brunswick was the first city in that province to have commercially available power delivered by the Saint John Electric Light Company. Edmonton's first power company was established in 1891 and placed street lights along the city's main street, Jasper Avenue. The power company was purchased by the Town of Edmonton in 1902 and to this day remains a municipal government enterprise known as EPCOR.
Initially electricity was generated using a technique that produced direct current to DC. This type of current had the unfortunate property of being difficult to transmit long distances over wires. In 1897 Westinghouse established a manufacturing facility in Hamilton and began producing heavy alternating current (AC) generators and AC motors (based on Serbian-American inventor Nikola Tesla's induction motor) for the Canadian market. AC had an advantage in that it was more amenable to transmission over long distances. The competitor of that company, General Electric of Canada (1892), with production facilities in Peterborough, Ontario eventually followed suit. AC technology has been used for electrical transmission since that time.
Transportation.
With the electrification of cities, large and small, came the electric streetcar. In Montreal the horse car was withdrawn from service in 1894 and replaced with the electric streetcar, operated by the Montreal Street Railway Company from that date until 1911. Many of the streetcars were manufactured by Canadian Car and Foundry of Montreal and the Ottawa Car Company. In Toronto, the horse car gave way to the electric streetcar in 1892, with that service being offered by the Toronto Railway Company from 1891–1921.
The bicycle made its appearance at this time. The "boneshaker", with pedals connected directly to the front wheel, appeared in the Maritimes in 1866 followed by the penny-farthing bicycle after 1876. The machine evolved and was improved with the addition of pneumatic tires, a central crank for the pedals and a coasting back wheel with brake. The increasing popularity of bicycles led to the formation of a national bicycle club, the Canadian Wheelsman in London, Ontario in 1879. In 1899, five important Canadian bicycle manufacturers, Gendron, Goold, Massey-Harris, H.A. Lozier, and Welland Vale, combined to form what would become the very well known Canadian Cycle and Motor Company (CCM), with 1700 employees and an annual production of 40,000 bicycles.
In 1891, the newly formed Canadian Pacific Steamship Lines began offering trans-Pacific steamship service from Vancouver with three large steel-hulled ships, the "Empress", liners, India, China and Japan. A fleet of smaller "Princess" steam ships was used for coastal service and the Great Lakes. Of note is the fact that Canadian Pacific, with its combination of steam ships and steam locomotives, built a transportation empire that spanned more than half the globe. Few other companies anywhere in the world at that time could boast of such an accomplishment.
Communication.
The telephone began to make its mark in Canada, modestly at first. The production, transmission and reception of the sound signal was by means of analog technology which would form the basis of the telephone system for the next century. The telephone system of the Bell Telephone Company of Canada (Bell Canada) was established in 1880.
New printing technologies and the availability of this new material, newsprint, had a dramatic effect on the newspaper industry. By the 1880s the rotary press had evolved into a high speed machine and with the use of stereotyping allowed the production of large numbers daily papers. In 1876 daily newspaper circulation in Canada's nine major urban centres stood at 113,000 copies. By 1883 it had more than doubled. The introduction of typecasting machines such as the Linotype typesetting machine in the 1890s led to an expansion in size of the individual paper from 8 to 12 pages to 32 or 48 pages. This was also made possible by the availability of cheap newsprint manufactured in huge continuous rolls that could be fitted directly into the high speed presses.
The techniques for book publishing were also firmly established during these years. Publishers of note included, Beauchemin of Montreal, 1842, and Musson Book Co., 1894, and G.N. Morang, 1897.
The techniques of film making were introduced to Canada in 1897. In that year Manitoban James Freer made a series of films about farm life in western Canada. In 1889–1899 the Canadian Pacific Railway sponsored a successful tour by Freer to present these films in Britain to encourage immigration from that country for the development of the prairies and therefore boost the business of the railway. This inspired the railway to finance the production of additional films and hire a British firm, which created a Canadian arm, the Bioscope Company of Canada and produced 35 films about Canadian life.
In Montreal in 1900, Emile Berliner, inventor of the gramophone sound recording technique, established the Berliner Gramophone Company and began to manufacture the first phonograph records in Canada. First produced were seven-inch single-sided discs. These records were played on a gramophone, also manufactured by Berliner, which produced sound through purely mechanical means, by rotating the discs on a platter turning at 78 r.p.m. and "reading" the grooves with a metal needle which caused substantial wear and tear.
Heavy manufacturing.
The first of these companies, CLC, had its origins in the formation of the “Ontario Foundry” established in 1848 but with the production of its first locomotive in 1854 it became known as the Kingston Locomotive Works. It produced 36 locomotives mostly for the new Grand Trunk Railway (GTR) before going broke in 1860. Through a series of corporate reorganizations the company manufactured locomotives for both the GRT and the Canadian Pacific Railway. In 1901, further reorganization led to the formation of the Canadian Locomotive and Engine Company Ltd. with the company producing one steam locomotive per week. The company was a significant supplier of stream locomotives until the arrival of the diesel in the fifties when it went into decline.
The Montreal Locomotive Works originated with the formation of the Locomotive and Machine Company of Montreal Limited in 1883 to supply the GRT, the CPR and the Intercolonial Railway with locomotives and rolling stock.
The manufacture of streetcars by companies such as Ottawa Car Company, founded in 1891, in Ottawa, and Canadian Car and Foundry established in Montreal in 1909, was also of note. Dominion Bridge Company established in Montreal in 1886, became a well known heavy engineering firm in the field of bridge building and the construction of steel frames for skyscrapers.
GE Canada, founded by Thomas Edison in Peterborough in 1892, contributed to heavy manufacturing techniques through the fabrication of large electric generators and electric motors at that facility, which were used to supply the rapidly growing Canadian market for electrical generating equipment. Similar heavy electrical products were manufactured by Westinghouse Canada established in Hamilton, Ontario, in 1897.
The growth of western agriculture stimulated the growth of the eastern farm implement industry. Companies such as Bell, Waterloo, Lobsinger, Hergott and Sawyer-Massey were soon shipping their large metal threshing machines and other types of equipment, via the CPR to western farms. Arguably the most notable of these corporations was Massey-Harris Co. Ltd. of Toronto, created in 1891 through the merger of Massey Manufacturing Co. (1847) and A. Harris, Son & Co Ltd. (1857) which became the largest manufacturer of farm machinery in the British Empire.
Industrial Processes and Techniques.
Metal mining also became significant industry during this period. The invention of the electric dynamo, electroplating and steel in the 1870s created a strong demand for copper and nickel. Hard rock mining became a practical consideration because of the concurrent development of the hard rock drill and dynamite. A copper mine was established in Orford County Quebec in 1877, by the Orford Company while the Canadian Copper Company was founded in 1886 to exploit copper deposits at Sudbury made accessible by the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway. The ore from that mine was found to contain nickel as well as copper and a technique known as the Orford process using nitrate cake (acid sodium sulphate) was developed to separate the metals. Hard rock gold mining became practical in 1887, with the development of the potassium cyanidation process, by Scott MacArthur, which was used to separate the gold from the ore. This technique was first used in Canada at the Mikado Mine in the Lake-of-the-Woods Region again made accessible by the CPR. The CPR also provided access the B.C. interior where lead, copper, silver and gold ores had been discovered in the Rossland area in 1891. The ores were transported to Trail, B.C. where they were roasted. After CPR built the Crowsnest Pass it purchased the Trail roasting facility and in 1899 built a blast furnace to smelt lead ore.
The techniques of coal mining were introduced to Canada in 1720 in what is now Cape Breton, on a coal seam on the north side of Cow Bay. The coal was used as fuel for the inhabitants at Louisburg. Large scale mining developed the Sydney area in particular and continued until 1876 by which time easily reached deposits had been exhausted. However mining continued with tunnels extending out under the sea. The coal was used to power steam locomotives and in latter years to make steel, provide fuel for central heating and provide the volatile gases that formed the basis for the coal gasification and related chemical industries. In 1893, a number of Nova Scotia collieries including the Bridgeport, Caledonia, Clyde, Gardiner, Glace Bay, Gowrie, Lingan, Lorway, Schooner Pond and Victoria were united to form the Dominion Coal Company which by 1912 produced 40% of Canada’s total coal output.
The wheat economy developed on the prairies during these years. Agriculture in that region had begun around the Red River Colony in 1812, based on French Canadian survey techniques for land division and Scottish farming practises. The "infield" consisting of long narrow strips of land rising from the Red River Valley gave way to the "outfield" of pasture lands. Confederation spurred interest in western agriculture with the government of Canada subsequently purchasing Rupert's Land from the Hudson's Bay Company in 1870 and suppressing Metis resistance to eastern intervention with armed force that included the use of the Gatling gun in 1885. Conditions were best suited for the growing of wheat but a naturally dry climate and a short growing season as well as low grain prices made the 1890s difficult. However the difficulties were overcome. Reduced rail transportation costs which helped ease the burden of getting wheat to market and a rise in wheat prices served to encourage the development of the industry. In the 1870s and 1880s ranching gained prominence as well in southern Saskatchewan and Alberta where dry and even drought like conditions were eventually overcome after the introduction of irrigation in 1894.
The dairy industry with its associated techniques took root in Canada in the 1860s. The process for the factory production of cheese was developed by Jesse Williams in New York in 1851. The first Canadian cheese factory was built in Oxford County, Ontario in 1864 and was followed by a factory in Dunham, Quebec in 1865. By 1873, Canada was home to about 200 cheese factories. The first creamery of note was built at Helena, Quebec in 1873 while in 1883 the first Canadian producer of condensed milk began operation in Truro, Nova Scotia. The large scale home delivery of milk began in Toronto, Ottawa and Montreal in 1900.
Materials.
Railway and locomotive construction in the latter 19th century created a huge demand for steel.
Portland cement was imported from England to Canada in barrels during the 19th century complimenting the modest production of hydraulic cement that began in Hull, Quebec in 1830. By 1889 there were noted increases in the output of cement in Hull and other cement factories were built in Montreal, Napanee and Shallow Lake Ontario and in Vancouver in 1893.
The industrial use of asbestos became notable during these years. Asbestos was discovered and mined in a number of places around the world, including Thetford Mines, Quebec beginning in 1879 and found its way into a bewildering variety of products including, insulation, automobile brake-pads, siding, shingles and fireproofing. At the turn of the 20th century, a number of asbestos related health concerns were identified.
The pulp and paper industry also developed during these years. The sulfite pulp process developed in the US in 1866 became the basis for the Canadian industry. The first sulfite pulp mill in Canada, the Halifax Wood Fibre Company, was established in Sheet Harbour, Nova Scotia in 1885. Others followed including plants in Cornwall, Ontario, 1888, Hull, Quebec, 1889, Chatham, Quebec, 1889, the biggest, the Riordon Company in Merritton, Ontario in 1890 and in Hawkesbury, Ontario, 1898.
The first plastics became available during this period. The distillation of products from wood characterized the transition from the use of natural chemical products (chemical industry) to that of fully synthetic products. The Rathburn Company of Toronto began to produce distillates including, wood alcohol and calcium acetate, used to make acetic acid or acetone, in 1897. The Standard Chemical Company of Toronto established in 1897, initiated the production of acetic acid in 1899 and formaldehyde, from the oxidation of wood alcohol, in 1909. This later product was an essential element in the production of the fully synthetic, phenol-formaldehyde plastic (Bakelite).
Light Manufacturing.
The Bell Telephone Company of Canada established a manufacturing department to meet some of its equipment needs when it began to offer telephone service in 1882. In 1895 the operation became a separate company known as Northern Electric and Manufacturing Co. Ltd., which was in turn merged with Imperial Wire and Cable Co. in 1914 to form Northern Electric Co.. By the twenties the company was manufacturing a variety of electrical products, with much of the telephone equipment being produced under licence from AT&T in the US. All equipment was based on analog technology.
The very popular and practical tin can was introduced during this period. In the 1880s George Dunning built Canada's first canning factory in Prince Edward County, Ontario, for the canning of fruits and vegetables. By 1900 there were eight such factories in Canada, four of which were in that same county and within a few years canning factories were found all across the country. In the forties, high-temperature canning, which sterilized the contents of the can and permitted long-term storage, was introduced.
The cigarette began to make its mark during these years. D. Ritchie and Co. began to manufacture the Derby brand in a factory on Dalhousie Street in Montreal in the late 19th century. About the same time the American Cigarette Company also of Montreal began to produce cigarettes in a factory on Cote Street. In 1895 the American Tobacco Company, a US owned organization, acquired both of these operations, which were then spun off to a newly formed Canadian subsidiary, the American Tobacco Co. of Canada Ltd. which produced the popular Sweet Caporal brand.
With the coming of the railways and the introduction of Standard Time, a market for clocks developed in Canada. The Canadian Clock Company (Whitby, 1872) and the Hamilton Clock Company (Hamilton, 1876) were the first in Canada to manufacture these new devices. The Singer Manufacturing Company, established in 1851 in the US, began manufacturing its very popular line of sewing machines for the Canadian market at a factory built in St. Jean, Quebec in 1882.
Industrial textile production became important at this time. Large powered automatic looms were able to produce vast quantities of fabric. The most notable Canadian venture in this field was Dominion Textile. The company had its roots in the formation of the Dominion Cotton Mills Company in Montreal in 1880 from eight small inefficient mills.
Public Works and Civil Engineering.
Notable works of civil engineering realized during these years included: the Lakehead Terminal Grain Elevators, 1882, the Naden First Graving Dock, Esquimalt, British Columbia, 1887, the St. Clair Railway Tunnel, Sarnia, Ontario, 1890, the Whirlpool Rapids Bridge, Niagara Falls, 1897 and the Alexandra Bridge, Ottawa, Ontario – Hull, Quebec, 1900.
Baseball in Canada received its first permanent home with the construction in 1877 of Tecumseh Park, built in London, Ontario for the London Tecumsehs baseball team. Other fields followed including Sunlight Park, in Toronto, 1886, Atwater Park, Montreal, in 1890 and Hanlan's Point Ball Field, 1897, in Toronto home of the Maple Leafs.
The steam shovel became an essential item of construction equipment during these years. Invented by William Otis in 1839, it was used widely in Canada, for the excavation of railway right-of-ways and the digging of basements and foundations for skyscrapers and domestic housing, in the late 19th century.
Waste Disposal (Sewers).
Sewerage systems were built in substantial numbers but were not as common as water supply systems. Some of the first included Vancouver, B.C., in 1886 and Charlottetown, PEI, in 1898. While the systems collected sewage and liquid waste from homes, public and commercial buildings and industrial sites, in most cases they merely displaced the problem for they emptied their contents into a nearby river or lake or in the case of coastal cities, the ocean, without treatment.
The disposal of solid waste became a considerable problem as towns and cities grew. By the mid-19th century a number of Canadian municipalities used horse-drawn wagons for curb-side garbage collection. The refuse was usually taken to a field or dump or in some instances piled along the bank of a nearby river or lake. With the arrival of motor power, the use of the garbage truck became common although the method of disposing of the garbage remained the same.
The introduction of the flush toilet in the US and Canada in the 1880s created a market that inspired the invention of rolled toilet paper. The product was first produced in the US by the Albany Perforated Wrapping Paper Company in 1877.
Skyscrapers and Architecture.
It was the age of the skyscraper. The first in Canada was the eight story New York Life Insurance Co Building in Montreal, 1887–89, although it did not have a steel frame. The first self-supporting steel framed skyscraper in Canada was the Robert Simpson Department Store at the corner of Yonge and Queen in Toronto with its six floors and electric elevators, built in 1895.
A number of grand hotels also opened during these years including: the Banff Springs Hotel, Banff, Alberta, 1888, the Algonquin, St. Andrews, New Brunswick, 1889, the Chateau Frontenac, Quebec, City, 1893, the Queen's, Montreal, 1893, the "new" Chateau Lake Louise, Lake Louise, Alberta, 1894, and the Manoir Richelieu, Point-au-Pic, Quebec, 1899.
Church architecture and construction was also notable as seen in the completion of Mary, Queen of the World Cathedral, a half scale replica of St. Paul's Cathedral in Rome, in Montreal in 1894.
Central heating.
The construction of skyscrapers, grand hotels and other large buildings led to the development of central heating, an essential feature in Canada's cold climate. Up to that time large buildings and homes were heated with fireplaces and iron stoves that used wood or coal as fuel. The construction of large multi-story buildings made this impractical. Fireplaces and stoves on the lower floors would have long flues and would not draw properly. On the upper floors it would be necessary to transport fuel and to remove ashes up and down many flights of stairs or with an elevator. Central heating solved these problems. In 1832, Angier March Perkins a British inventor developed a steam heating system for domestic use. This inspired the use of closed circuit hot water systems for large buildings. A metal furnace in the basement burning wood or coal was used to heat water in a tank which in turn was circulated by an electric pump through a system of iron pipes throughout the building to radiators in rooms where it lost its heat to the ambient air. The cooler water then returned to the water heater with the help of gravity where it was reheated and recirculated.
Defence.
In 1885 the newly introduced Gatling gun was first used by Canadian troops during the Riel Rebellion. The 12-pound field gun was used by Canadian soldiers in the Boer War. To provide the Canadian Militia with a source of Canadian manufactured munitions the government established the crown-operated Dominion Arsenal in Quebec City in 1882. This factory produced bullets and shells.
A reflection of this intense engineering activity as described above, is seen in the founding of the Canadian Society for Civil Engineering in 1887.
End Note.
In the earlier parts of Canada's history, the state often played a crucial role in the diffusion of these technologies, in some cases through a monopoly enterprise, in others with a private "partner". In more recent times the need for the role of the state has diminished in the presence of a larger private sector.
In the latter part of the 20th century there is evidence that Canadian values prefer public expenditures on social programmes at the expense of public spending on the maintenance and expansion of public technical infrastructure. This can be seen in the fact that in 2008 the Federation of Canadian Municipalities estimated that it would take $123 billion to restore and repair aging urban infrastructure across Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18401311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401311" title="1997–98 Bundesliga (women)">
1997–98 Bundesliga (women)

The Bundesliga (women) 1997–98 was the 8th season of the Bundesliga (women), Germany's premier football league. It began on 17 August 1997 and ended on 7 June 1998. It was the first season in which the Bundesliga used the modern system of one united league on the national level instead of a southern and northern division as in the years before.
Final standings.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="18401339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401339" title="Pinnacle Financial Partners">
Pinnacle Financial Partners

Pinnacle Financial Partners is a bank headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee operating in middle and East Tennessee.
History.
The company was founded on February 20, 2000 by twelve Nashville businessmen who wished to create a locally-owned financial firm. In May 2002 the company went public on the NASDAQ with the symbol PNFP. Pinnacle gained naming rights for a new skyscraper in Downtown Nashville, The Pinnacle at Symphony Place, and the company leased in the building.
Pinnacle Financial Partners currently has approximately US$ 5 billion in assets and has 29 offices.

</doc>
<doc id="18401357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401357" title="Light clay">
Light clay

Light clay (also light straw clay, light clay straw, slipstraw) is a natural building material used to infill between a wooden frame in a timber framed building using a combination of clay and straw, woodchips or some other lighter material.
History.
A mixture of clay and straw was used as an infill material for timber framed building from at least the 12th century in Germany and elsewhere in Europe. Renewed interest in traditional building methods developed from the 1980s after which various natural building architects and builders started promoting the use of light clay.
Usage.
Local clay, often local subsoil, is mixed into a slurry with water and then combined with straw or wood chip or other similar material. Wood chips can vary in size from sawdust to chip 5cm in diameter. The ratio of clay to other ingredients can be adapted to either increase thermal mass or insulation properties. The mixture is provided with additional structural strength using wattles. When used externally it can be protected with a Lime render or a clay render.

</doc>
<doc id="18401360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401360" title="Willem IV van den Bergh">
Willem IV van den Bergh

Willem IV, Count van den Bergh (24 December 1537, 's-Heerenberg, Gelderland – 6 November 1586, Ulft) was Stadtholder of Guelders and Zutphen from 1581 until his arrest for suspected treason in 1583.
Biography.
Willem was the son of count Oswald II van den Bergh and Elisabeth van Dorth. He spent time at the court of the Regent Mary of Austria (1505–1558) of the Habsburg Netherlands in Brussels at the same time that his contemporary William the Silent, Prince of Orange was educated there. He married the elder sister of Orange, Maria of Nassau, on November 11, 1556 at Moers.
In 1566 he was a prominent member of the League of Nobles (also known as the Compromis) that presented a petition of grievances about the suppression of heresy to the Brussels government of the new Regent Margaret of Parma (who acted for her brother Philip II of Spain). They were derided as Geuzen ("Beggars") for their trouble by a courtier, which epithet would become a name of honor for the future rebels in the Dutch Revolt. This prominence put him in the crosshairs when Fernando Álvarez de Toledo, 3rd Duke of Alba succeeded Margaret as governor-general of the Netherlands in 1567 and started a program of repression. Together with a number of other "ringleaders", like Orange, Willem was indicted before the Council of Troubles, but he escaped with his family to Bremen. 
In 1572 he commanded one of the little armies of mercenaries, financed by his brother-in-law the Prince of Orange, that invaded the Netherlands. He was successful initially, and conquered in short order Doetinchem, Zutphen, Deventer, Zwolle, Kampen, and Steenwijk. However, he was not able to withstand the onslaught of the Spanish troops under Alba's son Fadrique Álvarez de Toledo, 4th Duke of Alba. Only after the Pacification of Ghent, of whose amnesty he benefited, was he able to return to the Netherlands and regained his forfeited possessions. 
Though he hoped to be appointed stadtholder of Gelderland on behalf of the States-General of the Netherlands, this ambition was initially thwarted when his other brother-in-law got the post. Disaffected by this disappointment he secretly approached the new royal governor-general of the Netherlands, Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma with the object of becoming the royal stadtholder of Guelders and Zutphen (which county at the time was still separate from the current province).
However, John resigned the office in 1581 and now Willem was appointed stadtholder for the rebellious States-General after all. He remained in contact with Parma nevertheless, and stealthily sabotaged the military efforts of the Rebels, which may have contributed to the Spanish successes in the eastern provinces of the Netherlands in these years. His treasonous correspondence was discovered and he was arrested by the chancellor of Guelders, Elbertus Leoninus on November 5, 1583. Soon thereafter he was released after he promised to retire to his castle in Ulft and remain neutral in the conflict.
After his release, however, he defected to the royalist forces after all, together with his sons. Four of his sons with his wife Maria of Nassau became officers in the Spanish service, and performed important services for the Spanish cause : 
External links.
l

</doc>
<doc id="18401364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401364" title="Natural scientific research in Canada">
Natural scientific research in Canada

This article outlines the history of natural scientific research in Canada, including mathematics, physics, astronomy, space science, geology, oceanography, chemistry, biology, medical research and psychology. The social sciences are not treated here.
The beginnings of science (14,000 BC – AD 1850).
Aboriginal peoples and nature (14,000 BC – AD 1600).
While the term "science" is typically used in reference to Western science emerging in the 18th century, with the advent of the Royal Society in England, traditional knowledge emerging from First Nation and Inuit cultures share some common features with Western science.
First Nation and Inuit traditional knowledge accumulated through observation and application and refinement of ideas and techniques, often over long periods of time. The outcomes included but were not limited to in-depth knowledge of local areas in relation to food availability, medicines, shelter and transportation. Given the basic world views of Traditional First Nation and Inuit cultures that involve animism, that the environment/world is alive, the enactment of more reductionist methodologies that typify Western science were less pronounced. Examples of locally emergent "science" knowledge are clearly evident in the knowledge/wisdom concerning animal migration etc...but are perhaps most like Western science in the research and development of materials and design for such tools as the kayak or the igloo. While it may be argued these are more engineering related, the separation of engineering and science is perhaps less substantial that some might argue, influencing each other as they do.
The Europeans: explorers, universities, and talented amateurs (1600–1850).
Marine science.
The early European explorers were responsible for charting much of what would become the east and west coasts of Canada as well as the Arctic. John Cabot, the Italian explorer sailing under the English flag made two voyages to North America in 1497 and 1498 along the coast of what is now called Newfoundland. Gaspar Corte-Real, the Portuguese explorer, is thought to have explored the area along the Newfoundland, Labrador and Greenland coasts in 1500 and 1501. In 1524, Giovanni da Verrazzano sailing under the French flag, explored the east coast of North America from Cape Fear to Newfoundland. During voyages of exploration in 1534 and 1535–1536, the French explorer Jacques Cartier "discovered" and mapped the St. Lawrence River as far inland as Hochelaga (Montreal). Samuel de Champlain is well known for his explorations of the St Lawrence and Acadia, in 1603 and 1604. The search for fabled Northwest Passage to the orient intrigued European explorers for 300 years. The first efforts in this regard were made by British explorers Martin Frobisher in 1576 and by John Davis in 1585. In 1610 Henry Hudson made his ill-fated voyage in search of the Passage. William Baffin and Robert Bylot sailed the Arctic sea in the area around what became known as Baffin Island in 1616. While these voyages not successful, in that they did not discover the Northwest Passage, they provided valuable information on the nature of the Arctic Ocean. Voyages by William Edward Parry in 1819 and John Ross in 1829 added to the growing body of knowledge relating to the north. The Hudson's Bay Company also played a role in Arctic exploration and during the period 1837–1839, Peter Warren Dease and Thomas Simpson of that company explored the Arctic coast from Point Barrow to Rae Strait. In 1845, Sir John Franklin with two ships, HMS Erebus and HMS Terror, set sail to find the Passage. He died in the attempt but is generally credited with its discovery. In 1774, Captain Juan Perez Hernandez, aboard the Spanish ship Santiago, became the first white man to explore the west coast and is reported to have sailed as far north as the Dixon Entrance. The following year Spanish hydrographer, Bodega y Quadra, drew the first charts to show a part of the west coast of Canada. The renowned Captain James Cook explored the west coast in 1778 as part of an attempt to find the Northwest Passage from the Pacific, rather than the Atlantic side. In 1791–1792 Captain George Vancouver of Britain and Dionisio Alcalá-Galiano and Cayetano Valdés of Spain conducted further surveys in the area.
Universities and talented amateurs.
The Jesuits, learned men who arrived with the first colonists had some interest in science and their activities complimented the observations of the explorers. In particular they founded in 1635 in Quebec City the College de Québec, eventually known as Université Laval, which would become one of the Group of 13 large research universities in Canada. Other future G-13 members founded during this period, included, Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia in 1818, McGill University in Montreal in 1821, the University of Toronto in 1827, Queens University in Kingston, Ontario in 1841 and the University of Ottawa in 1848. Colonial scientific curricula between 1750 and 1850, included rudimentary studies in astronomy, mathematics, medicine, chemistry, natural philosophy, natural history and moral philosophy. As the colony grew by the beginning of the 19th century, a number of amateur "scientists", notably in Montreal and Toronto, began to record and study nature as a gentlemanly pursuit and established local learned societies.
Mathematics.
Mathematics is the language of science and was introduced very early on in New France. The teaching of mathematics began at the College de Québec in 1651 and was of a quality that equalled the teaching in France. Students were exposed to arithmetic, quadratic equations, geometry, trigonometry, and integral and differential calculus in the final years of an eight-year course. In 1678, the first full professor at the College, Martin Boutet de St-Martin, was appointed by Louis XIV to the newly created Royal Chair of Mathematics and Hydrography in Quebec City. The most notable appointee to this post was Louis Joliette the "discoverer" of the Mississippi River. In 1760 the College de Québec was closed but the new Séminaire de Québec, under the leadership of Abbé Jérôme Demers, continued in a vigorous fashion the science and mathematics tradition of the former institution. However after 1840, for religious and social reasons these disciplines foundered. For example, The École Polytechnique de Montréal, Montreal's premier engineering school, founded in 1873, taught only intermediate mathematics until 1910. It was not until the 1920s and 1930s in Quebec that the importance of science and mathematics was once again recognized, a fact reflected in the establishment of the faculties of science at Laval in 1837 and at the Université de Montréal.
Astronomy.
Astronomy was one of the first scientific disciplines practiced in the northern North America. There are records of astronomical observations made by Arctic explorers dating from 1612 and by French missionaries in New France who noted eclipses as early as 1618 and 1632. The Marquis de Chabert is reported to have built one of the first observatories in North America at Fort Louisbourg in 1750. A small observatory was built by Joseph DesBarres at Castle Frederick, Nova Scotia, in 1765..
Chemistry.
Elementary courses in chemistry were introduced into the curriculum of the Seminaires de Québec by Abbot John Holmes in 1830 and Abbot Isaac Desaulniers in Saint-Hyacinthe as well as the Seminaire de Montréal in 1842.
Biology.
Interest in biology in Canada dates from the times of European exploration. Botany attracted explorers and scientists such as Cartier 1503, Clusius 1576, C. Bauhin 1623, J. Cornuti 1635, P. Boucher 1664, M. Sarrazin 1697, J.F. Gauthier 1742, A. Michaud, 1785, W.J. Hooker 1820, A.F. Holmes 1821, L. Provencher 1862 and J. Macoun 1883, who collected and/or named various plants found in Canada. Zoology as well was the subject of much early activity. Reports and studies by J. Cabot 1497, N. Denys 1672, C. Perrault and M. Sarrazin 1660, T. Pennent 1784, J. Richardson 1819, P.H. Gosse 1840 and M. Perley 1849, related to the nature of animals found throughout Canada's eastern and northern regions.
A reflection of this activity is seen in the founding of the Botanical Society of Canada in Kingston, Ontario in 1860 and the Entomological Society of Canada in 1863.
The rise of professional science (1850–1900).
Scientific research in Canada as a formal undertaking dates from the 1850s and was the result of the impetus provided by the establishment of government scientific research organizations, new universities and the evolution of academic disciplines. It was also placed on a professional footing through the institutionalization of the twin concepts of the "scientific method' and "peer review" as seen in the establishment of the Royal Society of Canada in 1883.
Government research organizations.
Government organizations specializing in science established during this period included the Geological Survey of Canada (1841), the Dominion Experimental Farms (1886) and the Biological Board (fisheries research).
New universities and changing curricula.
Additional future members of the G-13 were founded, including Université de Montréal and the University of Western Ontario in London, Ontario in 1878 and McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario in 1887. University science curricula also changed during this period. Natural philosophy evolved into physics and became closely allied with mathematics. Natural history evolved into geology, biology, zoology and botany.
Canada's first, "national" scientific/learned/professional association, the Canadian Medical Association was created during this period, in Quebec City in October 1867. In 1882 the founding of the Royal Society of Canada reflected the maturation of Canada's intellectual development by becoming the first "national" organization to recognize and promote among other things achievement in science.
The Royal Society of Canada and Peer Review.
The hallmark on modern science is the emphasis on the concept of peer review, whereby the research of scientists is open to the scrutiny of their peers. This concept is recognized to have originated with the Royal Society of London established in 1645. In 1883, inspired in part by this organization and the Institut de France, the Royal Society of Canada was established by the Governor General, the Marquis of Lorne. Founding members included Sir Sanford Fleming and Sir William Osler. Peer reviewed articles appeared in the Society publication "Proceedings" first produced in 1882.
Disciplines (1850–1900).
Geology: Professional science in Canada began with the founding of the Geological Survey of Canada, by the Legislature of the Province of Canada, in 1841. William Logan was appointed the first director in 1842 and after establishing headquarters in Montreal in 1843 began field work searching for coal in the area between Pictou, Nova Scotia, and the Gaspé Peninsula in Canada. His assistant Alexander Perry conducted a similar search in the area between Lakes Huron and Erie. Although no coal was found the surveys demonstrated the importance of systematic study of Canada's land mass. The survey grew during the forties and in 1851 participated in the Crystal Palace Exhibition in London, England, as well as the Universal Exposition in Paris, in 1855. The efforts of the survey were so successful that in 1863 it was able to publish its first major work, "The Geology of Canada". With Confederation the survey's area of geographic responsibility grew dramatically as did its reputation, being recognized by the government as an important agent in the establishment of a mining industry in Canada. This recognition also resulted in the headquarters being moved to Ottawa in 1881. As Canada grew the survey studied the routes of the new Canadian Pacific Railway as well as other areas of the west and north. Director Dawson surveyed British Columbia and the Yukon; Robert Bell studied the north and the coastal areas of Hudson Bay and Hudson Strait. Geologist Tyrell found coal and fossils in Alberta and J. Mackintosh Bell studied the area from Lake Athabasca to Great Bear Lake in 1900. Sailing aboard the "Neptune" geologist Low explored the Arctic archipelago in 1903–04.
Mathematics: English language universities in Canada, had professors teaching mathematics as part of the discipline of natural philosophy from the early years of their founding. The first professorships in natural philosophy were established at Dalhousie in 1838 and at Kings College, later the University of Toronto, in 1843. By 1859 the University of Toronto offered specializations in both fields and formed separate mathematics and physics programmes in 1877, a move that was copied by other universities, notably, Queens, McGill and Dalhousie. By the 1890s most Canadian universities had at least one professor of mathematics on faculty. Mathematicians of repute during this era included Professors J. Bradford Cherriman and James Louden of the University of Toronto, Nathan Fellowes Depuis at Queen's and Alexander Johnson at McGill, all of whom were members of the Royal Society of Canada.
Physics: The first full professorships in physics were established at Dalhousie, in Halifax in 1879, Toronto, 1887 and McGill, in Montreal in 1890. Although these were mainly teaching positions there was some research activity. At Dalhousie, Professor J.G.McGregor, the first to hold the position at that university, published about 50 papers during his tenure from 1879 until 1899. Other prominent researchers in the field at this time included H.L. Callendar and E. Rutherford, Macdonald professors of physics at McGill and J.C. McLennan at U of T.
Astronomy: The discipline experienced modest growth during this period. New but small observatories were built including: the Toronto Magnetic and Meteorological Observatory, in 1840, a facility at the Citadel in Quebec City in 1850, one at the University of New Brunswick in Fredericton in 1851, in Kingston, Ontario in 1856, in Montreal in 1862 and another in Quebec City on the Plains of Abraham in 1874.
Chemistry: The study of chemistry in Canada began in a modest way in 1829 with courses on the subject at the Montreal General Hospital given as part of medical training. At King's College (University of New Brunswick) in Fredericton, as early as 1837, Dr. James Robb taught a course in natural science that included the study of chemistry within the context ot botany, zoology, mineralogy and geology. Isaac Chipman of Acadia University in Wolfville, Nova Scotia introduced chemistry at that institution in 1840 as did Henry How at King's College in Windsor, Nova Scotia. Henry Croft was appointed professor of chemistry and experimental philosophy at King's College (University of Toronto) in Toronto in 1842 where he specialized in toxicology and inorganic chemistry. In 1843 Dr. William Sutherland of the Montreal Medical and Surgical School began teaching chemistry in its own right at McGill University and the University of Montreal. Growth during the decades that followed was steady but modest. However by the 1890s buildings with well equipped laboratories devoted to the study of chemistry had been built including Carruthers Hall, 1891 at Queen's, in Kingston, the Chemistry Building, 1895 at the University of Toronto, and the Macdonald Chemistry and Mining Building at McGill in Montreal in 1898.
The Geological Survey of Canada also developed expertise in the field, hiring Thomas Sterry Hunt in 1847 as a chemist and mineralogist. He was succeeded in this role by G.C. Hoffmann a charter member of the Royal Society of Canada.
Biology: Professional biology in Canada dates from the creation of departments of natural history, which included the study of biology, at the Universities of Toronto and McGill in 1854 and 1858 respectively. Government interest in biology was reflected in the establishment of the Experimental Farm Service in 1886 with Professor William Saunders as the first Director. A Central Experimental Farm was established in Ottawa that year as well as regional farms in Nappan, Nova Scotia in 1887, and Brandon, Manitoba, Indian Head, Northwest Territories and Agassiz, BC in 1888. A number of divisions for the study of topics of special interest to Canadian farmers were established including, entomology and botany, horticulture, chemistry, poultry, cereal, agriculture and tobacco.
Public interest in biology led to the creation of the Botanical Garden at Queen's College in Kingston, Ontario in 1861, the Riverdale Zoo in Toronto, in 1887, the Dominion Arboretum in Ottawa that same year and the Stanley Park Zoo in Vancouver in 1888.
Medical research: Medical research in 19th century Canada was modest to say the least. The first medical schools were founded during the early part of the 19th century. The Medical Faculty of the University of Montreal was established in 1824 as was that of the University of Toronto. The Faculté de médicine de l’Université de Montréal offered the first French-language course in medicine in Canada beginning in 1843. The medical faculties at Queen's in Kingston, Canada West, and Dalhousie in Halifax, Nova Scotia, were established in 1854 and 1867 respectively followed by those at the University of Western Ontario in 1881 and the University of Manitoba in 1888. While they were excellent institutions of instruction there was no systematic emphasis on medical investigation. Research began almost "accidentally" with the curiosity of Dr. William Beaumont in Quebec who was able to investigate gastric digestion in 1825 through the "fistula" created by injury in the abdomen of Alexis St. Martin, a voyager.
Philosophy and Moral Philosophy (Psychology): Psychology in Canada was initially considered a part of the discipline of philosophy and university courses were given by members of philosophy departments. The first course in psychology in Canada was taught at Dalhousie University in 1838 by Thomas McCulloch within the framework of studies in philosophy. By 1866 Dalhousie hosted a chair in psychology and metaphysics. McGill offered courses beginning in 1850 when lectures in the topic were presented by Professor W.T.Leach with a doctorate from Edinburgh. The first psychology text written in Canada was penned by William Lyall of Halifax in 1855. However by the end of the century psychology was still considered an adjunct to philosophy, not a subject of importance per se, but rather a prerequisite for the advanced study of ethics and metaphysics.
Scientists of note (1850–1900).
Scientists of this period included: William Edmond Logan, 1798–1875 (geology), John William Dawson, 1820–1899 (paleobotany), Sandford Fleming, 1827–1915 (engineer/inventor), Sir William Osler, 1849–1919 (medicine), C.H. McLeod (astronomy), W.F. King (astronomy), Otto Julius Klotz, 1852–1923 (astronomy) and E.G.D. Deville (astronomy).
Research laboratories, Nobel Prizes and the NRC (1900–1939).
University laboratories.
At the beginning of the twentieth the "research laboratory" was introduced to Canadian universities. The physics laboratory established at McGill in Montreal was home to the discovery of the atomic nucleus by Ernest Rutherford, an achievement for which he received the Nobel Prize in 1908. The University of Toronto established the Connaught Laboratories where Sir Frederick Banting and Best discovered insulin, and won a Nobel Prize as well in 1923. The Dunlap Observatory at the same university was built in 1935. In 1938, l'Institut de microbiologie et d'hygiène de Montréal (l'Institut Armand-Frappier) was founded.
The new century witnessed the founding of other future G-13 schools, the University of Alberta in Edmonton and the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, British Columbia, both in 1908 as well as the Canadian Society for Chemistry in 1917. The Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada was established in 1911 for the purposes of promoting scientific research among other things. In 1931 the need to recognize and support scientific study and research in the French language led to the founding of L'association canadienne francaise pour l'avancement des sciences (Acfas).
In the early 20th century moral philosophy evolved into what is today recognized as "social science", economics, sociology, political science etc. This new field of scientific research contributed significantly to the efforts of the Rowell-Sirois Commission studying the effects of the depression on Canada's political economy.
The thirties also saw the creation in 1935 of the Fields Medal, the "Nobel Prize" of mathematics, named in honour of its champion, Charles Fields a prominent mathematician at the University of Toronto.
Government laboratories.
The new century saw the creation of a number of government scientific organizations, including, the Canadian Forest Service (1899 forestry), the Hydrographic Survey of Canada (1904, commercial navigation) and the Biological Board (1912, fisheries). The support of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada (1903) stimulated the establishment of the Dominion Observatory (1905). The Federal government also established the National Research Council of Canada in 1916 and equipped that organization with laboratories in 1932. The Dominion Bureau of Statistics (Statistics Canada) was also created in 1917.
The provinces became involved in science as well during these years. The Scientific and Industrial Research Council of Alberta was established in 1921 and the Ontario Research Foundation in 1928.
Disciplines (1900–1939).
Mathematics: The increased importance of mathematics in fields such as engineering led to the growth of the number of mathematics departments in universities across Canada in the new century. Specialization also occurred, as seen for example at the University of Toronto with the creation there of the first programme in actuarial science in North America. The Canadian Institute of Actuaries was subsequently established in 1907. In 1915 he first Canadian doctorate in mathematics was awarded to Samuel Beatty, again at the University of Toronto, who went on to eventually become the head of the department there. J.C. Fields, another mathematician at U of T, was instrumental in reviving the annual meetings of the International Congress of Mathematics, suspended because of World War I and the first postwar meeting of that organization was held in Toronto in 1924. As mentioned above, he was also instrumental in the creation in 1932 of the "Nobel Prize" of mathematics, posthumously named the Fields medal, after his death. The reputation of the department grew with the addition of the geometer and algebraist Harold S. M. Coxeter to the department in 1936.
Physics: The growth of physics was notable during this period.
The landmark event, one of the greatest discoveries in the history of physics and the greatest event in the history of Canadian physics, was the discovery of the atomic nucleus by Dr. Ernest Rutherford, Chairman of the Department of Physics at McGill University from 1898 until 1907.
Another development of monumental importance involved experiments by the Italian inventor Guglielmo Marconi, in the field of electromagnetic radiation and his "transmission" of radio signals across the Atlantic from a transmitter in Cornwall, England to a receiver in St. John's, Newfoundland on 12 December 1901.
J. C. McLennan, director of the physics laboratory at U of T from 1906 to 1932, undertook studies in atmospheric conductivity and cathode rays, but in 1912 was inspired by the work of Bohr, to conduct research into atomic spectroscopy. He, along with G. M. Shrum, constructed the first machine for the liquification of helium in North America, which was used for cryogenic studies of metals and solid gases. Research into colloid physics in the twenties and thirties by E. F. Burton and his students led to the construction of the first electron microscope in North America. Geophysics research was also undertaken at the U of T at this time by L. Gilchrist. At McGill, L.V. King studied mathematical physics while D.A. Keys and A.S. Eve conducted research into geophysics and J.S Marshall into atmospheric physics. McGill also established the first theoretical physics group at a Canadian university. At the University of Alberta, R.W. Boyle became the first professor of physics in 1912 and conducted research into ultrasound while F. Allen established the physics department at the University of Manitoba and bent his efforts towards the physics of physiology. At the University of Saskatchewan, E. L. Harrington was the first physics department head from 1924 to 1956, during which time that institution developed expertise in upper atmospheric research, begun by B.W. Currie in 1932. From 1935 to 1945, Gerhard Herzberg studied atomic and molecular physics there. Physics began at Queen's with the work of A.L.Clark and nuclear research was conducted there by J.A. Gray, B.W. Sargent, A.T. Stewart and others. H.L. Bronson, department head at Dalhousie was active in physics research from 1910 to 1956.
Astronomy: The first significant Canadian astronomical facility, the Dominion Observatory, was built in Ottawa in 1905 by the federal government. It featured a refracting telescope and a reflecting solar telescope. This was followed in 1918 by the new Dominion Astrophysical Observatory near Victoria, British Columbia. The 1.88 m (72 inch) reflecting telescope there had been proposed and designed by John Plaskett in 1910 with the backing of the International Union for Cooperation in Solar Research and when it began operation was briefly the largest telescope in the world. The University of Toronto established the first astronomy department in a Canadian university in 1904 and through the efforts of department head Dr. Chant and the generosity of a private citizen, a large facility, the David Dunlap Observatory was built there in 1935.
Geology: The early 20th century was a difficult time for geology in Canada. The Geological Survey experienced funding and staffing difficulties as the pressures of the Great War placed the focus of government elsewhere. However field studies continued to emphasize the importance of mineral wealth and the survey's activities proved fruitful in spite of strained resources. In the lean Depression Years annual budgets hovered in the low hundreds of thousands of dollars. In 1935 in an effort to stimulate the economy and create employment the budget of the Survey was dramatically increased to $ 1 million and field work increased tenfold. During these years the Survey made use of aircraft in its activities for the first time.
One of the great geological finds of all time was made during this period. In 1909, Charles Doolittle Walcott, discovered what came to be known as the Burgess Shale, near Field, British Columbia, a rock formation that contained the very well preserved fossil remains of animals from the Cambrian geological era.
Oceanography:The establishment of two professional scientific organizations, the Hydrographic Survey of Canada and the Biological Board, the precursor of the Fisheries Research Board, at the turn of the 20th century, marked the beginning of modern Canadian oceanography. As the result of a tragic marine accident on Georgian Bay the Government of Canada created the Georgian Bay Survey in 1883 to produce reliable navigation charts for safe navigation on that Bay and Lake Huron. The Survey began the hydrographic charting of the west coast in 1891, tidal and current metering in 1893 and the charting of the St. Lawrence River below Quebec City, in 1905. In 1904 under an Order-in -Council it became the Hydrographic Survey of Canada with an expanded mandate.
In 1908, the federal government established permanent biological research field stations at St. Andrews, New Bruncwick (St. Andrews Biological Station) and Nanaimo, British Columbia, for the scientific study of the fisheries on the east and west coasts. These operations were managed by the Biological Board created in 1912 and renamed the Fisheries Research Council in 1937. Originally staffed by university summer student volunteers, professional full-time scientific staff were hired and laboratories related to the fisheries and food processing established on both coasts, in the twenties. Joseph-Elzéar Bernier aboard the Arctic undertook voyages to the Arctic in 1904, 1907 and 1909. During the latter he unveiled a plaque on Melville Island and claimed the Arctic Islands as part of Canada.
Chemistry: The growth of the discipline continued in the new century. Departments were established in a number of universities including, chemistry and physical chemistry, at Toronto, 1900, the University of Alberta, Edmonton, 1909, Saskatchewan, 1910, a unified chemistry department at McGill, 1912, the University of British Columbia, Vancouver, 1915, Université de Montréal, 1920, McMaster, Hamilton, 1930, Sir George Williams College, Montreal, 1936, neurochemistry, the University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario, 1947 and at Bishop's University, 1948.
Graduate programmes in chemistry emphasizing original research were also introduced including: an M.Sc., McGill, 1900, Ph.D., Toronto, 1901, M.Sc., McMaster, 1909, Ph.D.,McGill, 1910, M.Sc., University of Alberta, Edmonton, 1915, M.Sc., University of Saskatchewan, 1923, M.Sc., University of New Brunswick, Fredricton, 1948 and an M.Sc., at the University of Manitoba, Winnipeg, 1949.
Noted university chemists of the period with their date of departmental appointment, included, A.L.F. Lehmann, University of Alberta, 1909, R.D. MacLaurin, University of Saskatchewan, 1910, R.F. Ruttan, McGill, 1912, Lash Miller, Toronto, 1914, D. McIntosh, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, 1915, T. Thorvaldson, University of Saskatchewan, 1919, G.Baril, Université de Montréal, 1920 and C. E. Burke, McMaster, Hamilton, 1930. The discipline evolved during these years with specializations in physical chemistry and biochemistry.
The National Research Council became involved in chemistry during these years. In 1929 the Council founded the Department of Industrial Chemistry with G.S. Whitby as the Director. The Department studied the industrial production and uses of magnesium, natural gas, asbestos, wool, maple products and rubber among other things using new laboratories built on Sussex Street in Ottawa in 1932. In 1939, E.W.R. Steacie became the Director of the Division of Chemistry and led that organization through the difficult war years. He championed the independence of the Council and the importance of pure scientific research.
Biology: Biochemistry, the chemical basis for biology, developed significantly during these years. Departments were established at Toronto, 1907, The Western University of London, 1921, McGill, 1922, University of Manitoba, Winnipeg, 1923, Dalhousie University, Halifax, 1923, Université de Montréal, 1925, Université Laval, Quebec City, 1928, Queen's, Kingston, 1937, University of Saskatchewan, 1946 and the University of Ottawa, 1946. The research in these departments was closely related to that of their associated biology departments.
The Experimental Farm Service grew dramatically in the early part of the new century. A large number of farms were created across the country at locations including, Summerland 1914, Vancouver 1925, Kamloops 1935, Creston 1940 and Prince George 1940, all in British Columbia, Lethbridge 1906, Lacombe 1907 and Fort Vermilion 1907, in Alberta, Rosthern 1909, Saskatoon 1917, Swift Current 1921, Regina 1931 and Melfort 1935, in Saskatchewan, Morden 1918, Winnipeg 1924 and Portage La Prairie 1944 in Manitoba, Harrow 1913, Kapuskasing 1916, Delhi 1933 and Thunder Bay 1937 in Ontario, La Pocatière 1912, Lennoxville 1914 and L’Assomption 1928, in Quebec, Fredericton 1912, New Brunswick 1912, Charlottetown 1909, PEI and Kentville, Nova Scotia 1911. The Service also established an Entomological Branch in 1914 to study the control of field crop insects, forests insects, foreign pests and stored product insects. A Science Service was created in 1937 which included divisions for bacteriology, biology and plant pathology, animal pathology, chemistry, entomology and forest biology. Of particular note was the development of Marquis wheat by researcher Charles E. Saunders during this period.
The turn of the 20th century saw the initiation of forest research in Canada with the creation of the Canadian Forest Service (CFS) in 1899 and the appointment of Elihu Stewart as the first federal Chief Inspector of Timber. In the early years the Service focused on soil conservation, snow management and crop stabilization and to this end, from 1901 to 1920 distributed over 50,000,000 seedlings to prairie farmers. In the thirties a noted researcher J.G. Wright conducted the first studies into controlled forest burns as a technique of forest management, an activity which generated considerable controversy at the time. W.E.D. Halliday of the Service studied forest classification and in 1937 published his landmark study, "A Forest Classification for Canada". The Service conducted intensive research into pest management with noteworthy results by R.E. Balch relating to the European spruce sawfly and Douglas Embree on the control of the winter moth in Canada's eastern forests.
In 1928 the National Research Council created the Division of Biology and Agriculture. Initially working at the University of Alberta the Division moved into the new laboratory in Ottawa in 1932 and studied the biochemistry of wheat rust, gluten proteins and mutation in cereals among other things.
Medical research: Medical Research: Medical investigation grew dramatically in the new century. Almost immediately after Roentgen's discovery of the x-ray, was used for clinical examination in Montreal on & February in 1896. There were as well, investigations into septicemia at the Montreal General Hospital in 1907. Dr. J.B. Collip isolated the hormone of the parathyroid gland in 1926 and Dr. Maud Abbott of McGill studied congenital diseases of the heart. Drs. Lucas and Henderson of Toronto discovered the anesthetic properties of cyclopropane in 1929 and Dr. Norman Bethune of Montreal developed the first blood bank and battlefield transfusion techniques.
Three institutional pillars of medical research were established during these years. The Connaught Laboratories in Toronto, in 1917, the Montreal Neurological Institute in 1934 and the Institute de microbiologie de Montréal.
In 1914 Dr. John Fitzgerald established laboratories in Toronto to produce vaccines for smallpox, rabies, diphtheria and tetanus. The facility was named the Connaught laboratories in 1917 in honour of Prince Albert, the Duke of Connaught the recently retired Governor General. Beginning in 1922 the laboratories began to mass-produce the newly discovered hormone insulin.
The discovery of insulin by Sir Frederick Banting, C. H. Best, J.J.R. MacLeod and J.B. Collip in 1921–22 at the University of Toronto stands as a landmark in Canadian medical research.
With a grant of $1,000,000 from the US Rockefeller Foundation, McGill University established the Montreal Neurological Institute in 1934. In these facilities Dr. Wilder Penfield undertook research into the surgical treatment of epilepsy and scientific inquiry into the nature of the temporal lobe of the human brain.
In 1938 Dr. Armand Frappier after years of effort obtained $75,000 from the government of Quebec for the establishment of L’institute de microbiologie de Montréal an organization devoted to the teaching of microbiology, research into the field and the industrial production of vaccines. In 1941 after moving into facilities at the newly constructed Université de Montréal the Institute began producing vaccines for diphtheria, tetanus and typhoid as well as blood plasma for the war effort.
The Hospital for Sick Children, founded in Toronto in 1875, established the Nutritional Research Laboratory in 1918, and it was here in 1930, that three researchers, Drs. Alan Brown, Fred Tisdall, and Theo Drake, invented what became known as Pablum, a pre-cooked baby cereal that has saved the lives thousands of children. In 1934, Drs. Tisdall and Drake demonstrated the benefits of enriching milk with vitamin D. The hospital also constructed more than 30 iron lungs for children in Ontario who were the victims of the polio epidemic of 1937.
The Canadian Cancer Society, founded in 1938 to educate Canadians about the early warning signs of cancer, has become a major contributor to the funding of cancer research in Canada.
In 1936, the NRC significantly created the Associate Committee of Medical Research to fund medical research in Canada. This organization became the Division of Medical Research in 1956 and the Medical Research Council in 1960.
Psychology: Psychology slowly began to make its mark as a separate discipline in the latter part of the 19th century. The oldest Psychology Department in North America was founded at the University of Toronto by Professor Mark Baldwin in 1892 along with a related laboratory in psychology. It was here until 1909, that August Kirschmann, who had studied under Professor Wundt at his famous laboratory in Leipzig, undertook the first fundamental psychological research in Canada and presented seminars on the "new psychology". Of note is the fact that Dr. E.A. Brett a noted philosopher at U of T, wrote the three volume "History of Psychology" between 1912 and 1921. McGill established a psychological laboratory under the directorship of Professor William Dunlop Tait in 1910, followed by the creation of a psychology department separate from philosophy in 1922. McMaster employed a professor in psychology by 1890.
The war had an important positive effect on the discipline, which was recognized for its use in the fields of personnel selection, training and the postwar rehabilitation of injured soldiers.
In the years following the Great War, the number of staff at the U of T increased to seven and important research was undertaken by Dr. E.A. Bott relating to the rehabilitation of soldiers with muscular disabilities. By 1927 the psychology department at U of T had achieved full independence from the bonds of the department of philosophy.
During this period, Dr Hans Selye, also a world-renowned researcher, undertook fundamental studies of stress which cut across the boundaries of medical research, biology and psychology. He began his work at McGill in 1936 and continued his investigations at the University of Montreal starting in 1945. He described the functioning of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis as the body's mechanism for coping with stress and published a number of books including The Stress of Life in 1953.
While still under the influence of the departments of philosophy, noted philosophers such as John Watson at Queens, John MacEachran at Alberta, William Caldwell at McGill and G.S. Brett at the University of Toronto, championed the recognition of psychology as a discipline in its own right, leading to the creation of departments of philosophy and psychology in many universities. By the end of the thirties growth of the discipline was sufficient to warrant the establishment of the Canadian Psychological Association in 1939.
Scientists of note (1900–1939).
Scientists who made their mark during this period included: Charles Augustus Chant, 1865–1956 (astronomy), John Stanley Plaskett, 1865–1941 (astronomy), Charles E. Saunders, 1867–1937 (botany), Harriet Brooks, 1867–1933 (atomic physics), Maude Abbott, 1869–1940 (medicine), Stephen Leacock, 1869–1944 (economics), Frances Gertrude McGill, 1877–1959 (forensic pathology), Oswald Avery, 1877–1955 (biology), Alice Wilson, 1881–1964 (geology), Frere Marie-Victorin, 1885–1944 (biology), Margret Newton, 1887–1971 (biology), Wilder Penfield, 1891–1976 (neurology) and Harold Innis, 1894–1952 (economics).
Science at war (1939–1945).
Funding and pure science.
The fortunes of scientific research during World War II were mixed.
The social sciences did not do well. The Social Science Federation of Canada (1940) and the closely related Canadian Social Science Research Council and well as the Canadian Federation for the Humanities (1943) and the associated Humanities Research Council of Canada, were all created to counter wartime conditions that threatened the funding of the social sciences and humanities in Canadian universities. Ironically, both research councils relied on funding from US philanthropic organizations, including the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Corporation, to administer their programs, until the establishment of the Canada Council in 1957.
Of note is the fact that the demands for war research personnel by the National Research Council during these years threatened to deplete the science staff at Canadian universities.
However it is also important to note that the scale and achievement of wartime atomic research inspired the founding of both the Canadian Association of Physicists and the Canadian Mathematical Society in 1945.
Finally, World War II mobilization, created an acute public familiarity with the breathtaking power of science (the atomic bomb), large organizational structures, complex management techniques and state sponsored funding programmes that would characterize post-war university as well as industrial research. With the end of the war these factors resulted in the release of a pent-up demand.
In 1943 the Royal Society of Canada created the Henry Marshall Tory Medal. It is awarded every two years to an outstanding Canadian researcher in the natural sciences.
Disciplines (1939–1945).
Mathematics: Cryptology became an important activity, both ensuring that Canadian codes were secure and could not be broken by the enemy and attempting in turn to intercept and decode the enemy's radio transmissions. The Examination Unit of the National Research Council engaged in the later activity and both intercepted enemy radio traffic and used mathematics to attempt to break these coded signals.
Physics: The use of theoretical and applied physics were an extremely important part of Canada's war effort as reflected in activities involving the development of atomic energy. The Tizard Mission, a delegation of British scientists and military experts, visiting North America to promote wartime allied scientific cooperation, met with NRC nuclear physicist George Laurence in Ottawa in 1940. As a result of this meeting, beginning in 1942, a Montreal based British-Canadian project under the aegis of the National Research Council, undertook the construction of a heavy-water atomic reactor. An experimental device with graphite control rods, ZEEP, (Zero Energy Experimental Pile) was built at Chalk River Ontario, before the end of the war and on 5 September 1945 achieved, "the first self-sustained nuclear reaction outside the United States". This momentous event was followed by the construction of a larger full sized reactor the NRX in 1947, also at Chalk River. Studies in radar and optics were also of importance and the practical results of these efforts were seen in the radar sets and range finders, manufactured by Research Enterprises Limited, a crown corporation.
Applied physics research was at the centre of activity at Turbo Research (Orenda) a top secret jet engine development enterprise. This crown corporation was established in 1944 at Leaside, near Toronto and developed power plants including the TR.1, TR.2, TR.3, and TR.5, for RCAF aircraft.
Explosive growth (1945–1985).
Universities and government research agencies (1945–1985).
Universities, the home of academic research, experienced explosive growth as students, the baby boomers and public funds swelled newly created campus science faculties and research institutes. An example of this growth can be seen in the proliferation of learned societies in the field of biology. Their numbers were sufficient to lead to the creation of an umbrella group, The Canadian Federation of Biological Societies in 1957. Similarly the Canadian Geoscience Council, a federation of seven Canadian geoscience societies was founded in 1972, including among its members the Geological Association of Canada formed in 1947. Of special note was the growth of the social sciences in the sixties.
Future G-13 institutions founded during this period included the University of Waterloo, in Waterloo, Ontario in 1957 and the University of Calgary in Calgary, Alberta in 1966.
At the same time a number of federal governmental research organizations were spun off from the National Research Council. These included the Communications Security Establishment(1946), Defense Research Board (1947), Atomic Energy of Canada Limited (1952) and the Medical Research Council of Canada (1966). Provincial governments continued to establish research organizations as well with the BC Research Council being founded in 1944, the Nova Scotia Research Foundation in 1946 and the Saskatchewan Research Council in 1947. The Government of Quebec established L'Institut national de la recherche scientifique in 1967.
A private virtual organization, the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research was founded in 1982 and studies topics related to cosmology, nanotechnology and biodiversity among others.
Funding agencies (1945–1985).
In the pre-war era, the NRC had provided meager resources for the funding of university research in natural science, engineering and medicine. The post war-era changed this. Medical research funding became the responsibility of the Medical Research Council founded in 1960. Natural science and engineering funding was passed to the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council in 1977. Funding for university social science research handled by the Canada Council created in the 1957, was handed over to the newly established Humanities and Social Science Research Council in 1977.
In 1977 the Canadian Consortium for Research was established to promote funding for scientific research by post secondary institutions, government agencies and the private sector across Canada. It is composed of 22 member associations representing about 50,000 researchers in Canada and its activities are directed by a steering committee with members from the Canadian Association of Physicists, Canadian Association of University Teachers, Canadian Federation for the Humanities and Social Sciences, Canadian Federation of Biological Societies, Canadian Psychological Association and the Chemical Institute of Canada.
Disciplines (1945–1985).
Mathematics.
The dramatic success of the Canadian nuclear programme during the war acted as a catalyst for the convening of the first meeting of Canadian mathematicians, in Montreal in 1945. This led to the establishment of the Canadian Mathematical Congress that same year. The Congress began publishing the Canadian Journal of Mathematics in 1949. The Summer Research Institute in mathematics was established at Queens in 1950 under the leadership of Professor R.L. Jeffrey who assembled ten researchers there. This idea has since been copied by other universities. The CJM was expanded to include the Canadian Mathematical Bulletin in 1958 and the Canadian Mathematical Congress Notes in 1968.
In the fifties, professors J. L. Synge and L. Infield at the department of applied mathematics at U of T, conducted research in the field of theoretical physics. This changed however, in 1958, with the appointment of J. Van Kranendonk, who became the director of the new theoretical physics section of the physics department.
The lead in mathematics held by the U of T began to fade in the sixties as other universities across Canada experienced dramatic increases in the quality of their faculties and research, which was boosted in no small measure by the increase in the number of graduate programmes. The growing importance of fields such a statistics, operational research and computer science also gave mathematics a high public profile and led most dramatically to the creation of separate departments of mathematics and computer science in most universities. Waterloo was a leader in this regard and in 1966 established departments of pure mathematics, applied mathematics, statistics, combinatorics and optimization and applied analysis and computer science. The extent of the growth in mathematics can be seen in the fact that while there were 11 doctorates in mathematics awarded in 1961, there were 94 in 1973. Furthermore, in 1961 there were 250 professors of mathematics but by 1973 that figure had mushroomed to about 1300. At the same time grants for research by the NRC grew from $87,000 in 1961 to $8,400,000 in 1987. This growth is also reflected in the establishment of new societies including, the Statistical Society of Canada, 1971, the Canadian Society for the History and Philosophy of Mathematics, in 1973 and the Canadian Applied Mathematics Society, in 1980.
In post war Quebec science experienced a renaissance of sorts and with it mathematics, which regained equal stature with the discipline in the rest of Canada. The establishment, by Maurice L'Abbe, of the Centre de recherches en mathematiques at Université de Montréal in 1970 stood as a testament to this recovery.
Physics.
The NRC continued atomic research at Chalk River Laboratories until the scale of activity necessitated its transfer to a newly created organization, Atomic Energy of Canada Limited, dedicated exclusively to atomic research, in 1952. Although Canada had the scientific, engineering and industrial means to design, built and test nuclear weapons, the government decided not to pursue this option. AECL took over responsibility for the operations of NRX but coincidentally shortly after the transfer that reactor experienced a serious accident. It was repaired and rebuilt. In 1957 AECL commissioned a new research facility, the heavy-water moderated and cooled National Research Universal Reactor (NRU) at Chalk River. In 1963 a new site, the Whiteshell Nuclear Research Establishment, became operational at Pinwa, Manitoba. Here a new organically cooled and operated research reactor was built and work was undertaken on the development of the Slow Poke reactor and the thorium fuel cycle. In 1978 research on the safe storage of nuclear waste was initiated.
In 1974 India detonated an atomic bomb with plutonium made from a commercial version of the NRX reactor, CIRUS, built in Bombay by AECL in 1956. As a result the government of Canada terminated nuclear co-operation with that country.
The wartime research in physics and in particular the efforts of scientist, J.S. Foster, known for his work relating to the Stark effect, resulted in the establishment at McGill, of the Radiation Laboratory, equipped with Canada's first cyclotron (atom smasher) in 1949. Nuclear physicist J.M. Robson was the physics department head at McGill and R.E. Bell the head of the laboratory.
In the post war years at U of T, M.F. Crawford, H.L. Welsh, Elizabeth J. Allin and B.P. Stoicheff studied spectroscopy, optics and lasers. The early sixties saw the initiation of studies in atmospheric physics and K.G. McNeill and A.E. Litherland became active in high-energy particle physics research. H.E. Johns gained a reputation as a bio-physicist.
The University of British Columbia developed a notable presence in physics in the post-war years through the activities of professors G.M. Shrum, department head from 1938 to 1961, as well G.M. Volkoff, M. Bloom, R.D. Russell, J.B. Warren and others. Their efforts saw that institution chosen as the site for the Tri-University Meson Facility, Canada's premier particle accelerator, in the seventies.
McMaster in Hamilton, Ontario also gained prominence under the leadership of physics department head, H.G. Thode whose studies in the field of mass spectrosmetry and isotopes paved the way for research in nuclear physics by M.W. Johns, H.E. Duckworth and B.N. Brockhouse at that institution. The first university research reactor in the Commonwealth was built at McMaster in 1957, followed by particle-accelerator laboratory in the seventies and McMaster became renowned in fields including spectroscopy, solid state physics, biophysics and theoretical physics through the research of A.B. McLay, M.H. Preston, J. Carbotte and others.
Post-war francophone universities have also become important research centres. Physics at Laval advanced through the efforts of, F. Rasetti, from 1939 to 1947 and his colleague E. Persico, from 1947 to 1950. Others of note included J.L. Kerwin, P. Marmet and A. Boivin who undertook studies in the fields of nuclear and theoretical physics, atomic and molecular physics and optics. P. Demers, P. Lorrain and others at Université de Montréal studied nuclear and plasma physics.
The University of Manitoba saw growth after the war. Studies in nuclear physics undertaken by R.W. Pringle led to further research in that field by B.G. Hogg. Magnetism has been studied by A.H. Morrish. At the U of Sasketchewan, research in photonuclear physics and medical radiation therapy undertaken with Canada's first betatron (25 MeV) facility built in 1948 led to the development of a cobalt 60 apparatus by H.E.Johns and others. In 1964 the Saskatchewan Accelerator Laboratory (SAL) was completed and remained operational until 1999. It has since been integrated into the Canadian Light Source Synchrotron.
Physics at the University of Western Ontario in London received a boost during the war through the initiation of studies in radar by R.C. Dearle, G.A. Woonton and others. Post-war research in the field, under P.A. Forsyth, led to the establishment in 1967 of the Centre for Radio Science which included research into atmospheric and ionospheric physics. J.W. McGowan has undertaken studies in the scattering of positrons there.
The growth in physics during this period can be measured by the fact that 1075 doctorates in physics, almost a third of which were at the U of T, were awarded by 28 Canadian universities between 1974 and 1985.
Astronomy.
Radio astronomy became a prominent feature of post war astronomy in Canada with the construction of the Algonquin Radio Observatory in Algonquin Park, Ontario in 1959. This facility built under the direction of noted astronomer Dr. Arthur Covington, featured a large receiving dish. The Dominion Radio Astrophysical Observatory in Penticton, British Columbia, built shortly thereafter, features an interferometric radio telescope, a 26-m single-dish antenna and a solar flux monitor. In 1962 another optical telescope, a 48 inch reflector fitted with a Coude focus and a room sized spectrograph, was added to the Dominion Astrophysical Observatory in Victoria. The establishment in 1975, of the Herzberg Institute for Astrophysics by the National Research Council of Canada consolidated the work of Canadian astronomy at the institution and this new organization became the prime mover for the construction of the new Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope, on Mount Mauna Kea in Hawaii, that saw first light in 1979.
Space Science.
Canada's initial achievements in space science came as a result of military initiatives. Because the effectiveness of the huge air defence radar chains across Canada's north, as well as radio communications, were effected by the electrical properties of the ionosphere, studies of those properties were undertaken in the fifties. In 1954 the Canadian Army built a rocket launch facility at Fort Churchill (rocket launch site), Manitoba for the launching of rockets with payloads designed to study the upper atmosphere. There were further launches in 1957 and 1958 as part of Canada's participation in the activities of the International Geophysical Year. The site was subsequently used by the National Research Council in the seventies and eighties for the launching of rockets as part of the Canadian Upper Atmosphere Research Programme.
In 1958 the newly formed NASA in the US sought international partners for its naissant satellite programme. The Canadian response came from the Defence Research Establishment where Dr. John Chapman proposed that Canada build a satellite to study the properties of the ionosphere from above (the rockets from Fort Churchill studied them from below). NASA accepted the proposal and the DRE in Ottawa with the help of RCA in Montreal, and SPAR Aerospace in Toronto, overcame daunting engineering difficulties and built Alouette I, a 145 kg. satellite which was launched by NASA from the Pacific Missile Test Range in California on 29 September 1962. Alouette I was a great success and contributed significantly to the understanding of the electrical properties of the upper atmosphere. As a result of this success Canada and the US signed an agreement relating to International Satellites for Ionospheric Studies, ISIS, and Canada launched Alouette II in 1965, ISIS I in 1969 and ISIS II in 1970.
Geology.
Under the pressure of World War II the Survey redoubled efforts to find strategic mineral recources and map the territory of Canada. The exploration of western Canada received major attention with the discovery of oil at Leduc, Alberta in 1947 and Canada's world lead in atomic energy resulted in a successful search for uranium deposits in the north. The Survey's methods became more effective, as seen with the use of the helicopter which greatly accelerated the process of mapping. In 1955 the Survey launched "Operation Franklin" its largest field study up to that time. With air support and under the leadership of Y.O. Fortier the 28 member team mapped 260,000 square kilometers of the high Arctic. The Survey's reputation grew under the leadership of directors G. Hanson from 1953 to 1956 and J.M. Harrison, from 1956 to 1963. In 1966 organizational changes saw the Survey become part of the new Department of Energy, Mines and Resources and as a result new emphasis was placed on the quantitative analysis of Canada's mineral energy wealth. Land use became an important focus in the seventies with the Survey conducting studies of the environmental impact of the proposed Mackenzie Valley Pipeline corridor. During those same years, the extension of Canada's off-shore boundaries to include a new 371 kilometer economic zone increased the Survey's area of responsibility by 40 percent. To deal with the question of energy security the Survey initiated the Frontier Geoscience Program in the eighties. It also became the agent for Canada's participation in the international Ocean Drilling Program in 1984. That same year the Survey participated in the founding of Lithoprobe, the largest geoscience programme ever undertaken in Canada. This undertaking involving more than 700 scientists from, governments, universities and industry uses state-of-the-art techniques to provide a three dimensional image of the Earth's crust to an astonishing depth of 50 kilometers.
At the University of Toronto John Tuzo Wilson earned a world wide reputation for his research into geological theory of plate techtonics.
Oceanography.
In the post-war years the Hydrographic Survey continued its work with an expanded mandate. The entry of Newfoundland and Labrador into Confederation in 1949 saw the Survey's charting activities extended to the new coasts. As the air defence of Canada became of paramount importance in the fifties the Survey extended its research, to the Canadian Arctic, especially between 1954 and 1957 and charted routes for the ships carrying the supplies necessary to build the long range radar stations of the DEW Line. Arctic survey activity was further accelerated starting in 1959, the first year of the Polar Continental Shelf survey. The Fisheries Research Board continued its excellent work after the war and up until 1979 when it was disbanded as the result of government reorganization and its responsibilities passed to other organizations. The defence activities of the NRC during the war years, including anti-submarine warfare research were spun off and handed to the newly created Defence Research Board in 1947. That organization established research facilities in Halifax, Nova Scotia and Esquimalt, British Columbia to conduct studies in support of the ASW mission of the Royal Canadian Navy. Research activities focused on physical oceanography as it related to the transmission of sound underwater, including ocean temperature, salinity, currents, tides, surface noise and biological sound sources.
The signature event in the history of Canadian oceanography was the founding of the Bedford Institute of Oceanography in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Instrumental in the establishment was Dr. W. E. van Steenburgh, Director-General of Scientific Services of the Department of Mines and Technical Surveys, who recognized the need for scientific organization to deal with questions relating to defence, sovereignty, fisheries and the environment. As a result of his initiative the Institute and was created in 1962 and acquired the new state-of-the-art research vessel, the CCGS Hudson. In many ways the story of the Institute is the story of that ship. Launched in 1962 and commissioned in 1964 the Hudson undertook five geophysical surveys of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, contributing to the understanding of the new theory of continental drift. In the 1966 the Hudson carried out a detailed survey of the Labrador Sea and studies of the Labrador current. The following year it surveyed the Denmark Strait. In 1970 the ship undertook the "Hudson '70' voyage, an 11 month, first ever, circumnavigation of North and South America and in the latter part of the decade carried out the first surveys of the chemistry of Baffin Bay. In the eighties and nineties surveys within the framework of the international Joint Global Ocean Fluxes Study and World Ocean Circulation Experiment were completed by the Hudson. Other research projects included the 1983 Canadian Expedition to Study the Alpha Ridge (CESAR) off of Ellesmere Island.
Chemistry.
University chemistry underwent explosive growth in the post-war years, especially in the sixties. The fifies saw the creation of six new universities each with a chemistry department, including, Le College Militaire Royal, 1952, Assumption, 1953, Sherbrooke, 1954, Carleton, 1957, York, 1959 and Waterloo, 1959. But during the sixties, nineteen new universities with their associated departments of chemistry, saw the light of day, including, Sir George Williams, 1960, Laurentien, 1960, Alberta at Calgary, 1960, Saskatchewan at Regina, 1961, Moncton, 1963, Victoria, 1963, Guelph, 1964, Brock, 1964, Trent, 1964, Lakehead, 1965, Simon Fraser, 1965, Lethbridge, 1967, Brandon,1967, Winnipeg, 1967, Quebec, 1969 and PEI, 1969. Laboratory work became more significant and saw the introduction of spectroscopy, mass spectrometry, nuclear magnetic resonance, flame photometry, and gas chromatography.
Original research blossomed during this period. In 1965 there were 664 doctoral students in chemistry at universities across Canada. This figure had jumped to 771 in 1966 and about 40% of the research was devoted to organic chemistry. By the same token in 1964 there were 19 graduate programmes in chemistry while a mere two years later there were 25. The spectacular growth is reflected in the evolution of graduate chemistry at the University of British Columbia where in 1955, seven professors supervised two graduate students compared to a faculty of 50 supervising 150 graduate students in 1968.
Research efforts of note included the work of R.U. Lemieux, at the University of Alberta, in the field of carbohydrate chemistry (1953), P.A. Giguere at Laval, in the field of hydrogen peroxide spectroscopy and N. Bartlett at the University of British Columbia in compounds of the so-called "inert" xenon.
The NRC Division of Chemistry continued its research throughout these years.
Biology.
In the post war years the number of universities offering courses of one type or another in biology increased significantly as compared to the pre-war situation and stood at 41 in 1971. The post-war molecular biology revolution, the result of the connection between biochemistry and microbiology swept academia, with 10 universities offering at least both courses, including: Victoria, British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan (Saskatoon), Manitoba, Western Ontario, Queen's, Ottawa, McGill, Montreal, Sherbrooke, Laval and Dalhousie. The NRC offered grants in support of animal, plant, cellular and population biology and in 1967 those universities receiving the most money included: British Columbia, $878,000, Guelph, $644,000, Toronto, $559,000, Alberta, $524, 000 and Manitoba, $519,000.
The excellent work of the Experimental Farms continued in the post war years. However change was in the wind and in 1959 the Experimental Farm Service was united with the Science Service to form the Research Branch of the Department of Agriculture. To compliment the existing network of farms the new organization created a number of research institutes to deal with a variety of research topics including: genetics,
microbiology, cell biology, entomology, plants, animals, soils and insect pathology. Of note was development of Canola by Canadian researchers Keith Downey and Baldur Stefansson in the 1970s.
In the post war years the research efforts of the Canadian Forestry Service continued. Of special note was the development of the Canadian Forest Fire Danger Rating System (CFFDRS) in the seventies and eighties as well as work with universities and the private sector to develop and commercialize Bacillus thuringiensis (Bt) and other bio-pesticides.
Established in 1947 as the Dominion Wildlife Service and renamed the Canadian Wildlife Service in 1950, this organization has conducted research relating to Canada's large wild animals and the factors relating to their survival, for 60 years. These studies have investigated the state of elk, moose and bison in Canadian national parks as well as northern animals including caribou, muskox, polar bears, wolves and Arctic foxes. The organization has conducted research into the migratory patterns of ducks and geese, undertaken studies of shorebirds and seabirds, researched the songbird population, taken steps related to the conservation of the peregrine falcon, the whooping crane and the trumpeter swan and investigated the state of the fish populations in freshwater lakes. In more recent times it has conducted research in the field of environmental toxicology and the impact of toxins on wildlife.
Medical Research.
The Associate Committee of Medical Research created in 1936 to fund medical research in Canada became the Division of Medical Research in 1956 and the Medical Research Council in 1960. This organization funded medical research at a number of university medical schools and associated teaching hospitals across the country including, Laval/Hôtel-Dieu de Québec, 1639, McGill/Montreal General Hospital, 1819, U of T/the Toronto General Hospital, 1829, Ottawa U/The Ottawa Hospital, 1845, Queen's/Hotel Dieu Hospital, Kingston, 1845, U of T/Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, 1875, UBC/Vancouver General Hospital, 1886, Dalhousie/Victoria General Hospital, Halifax, 1887 and the U of A/ the University of Alberta Hospital, Edmonton, 1906.
The Connaught Laboratories in Toronto conducted ground breaking research in the fifties with respect to the world's first polio vaccine. Working with Dr. Jonas Salk in the US the laboratories developed a safe inactive vaccine using a new synthetic base, Medium 199. This permitted large volume production through a technique that came to be known as the "Toronto Method" which in turn allowed the mass vaccination campaigns of millions of Canadian and US children against this horrible crippling disease beginning in 1954. The laboratory also produced the first trivalent Sabin live oral polio vaccine in 1959, as well as influenza, measles and a freeze-dried smallpox vaccine which was of crucial importance in the global elimination of that terrible disease.
In Montreal L’institute de microbologie continued its research in the fifties and with a $1,000,000 grant from the Quebec government began the production of polio vaccine in 1956. In the sixties the organization initiated research into immunology, in particular as related to organ transplants, as well as infectious mononucleosis, leprosy, cancer and measles. In 1975 the institute became part of the Université de Québec network and was renamed L’Institute Armand Frappier.
The Hospital for Sick Children, associated with the University of Toronto, established its Research Institute in 1954. Since that time, through the work of the Institute, it has become Canada's most research intensive hospital and gained a reputation as one of the world leaders in science related to childhood ailments. The Ontario Cancer Institute (Princess Margaret Hospital), was founded in Toronto in 1958, for the treatment of cancer and cancer research.
The Ontario Heart and Stroke Foundation was formed in 1952, followed by a number of other provincial foundations during the fifties. In 1961 these foundations joined forces to form the Heart and Stroke Foundation of Canada. Since 1956 the Foundation has invested more than $1 billion in heart and stroke research in Canada. Canada's first heart transplant was performed on 31 May 1968, by Dr. Pierre Godin the Chief Surgeon at the Montreal Heart Institute, on patient Albert Murphy of Chomedy, Quebec a 59 year old retired butcher suffering from degenerative heart disease. The operation took place about six months after the world's first, by Dr. Christian Barnard.
Research relating to "in vitro" fertilization has been undertaken since 1983 by IVF Canada a private company established in Scarborough.
During these years the Montreal Neurological Institute poineered the development of medical imaging technologies introducing Canada's first CAT scan in 1973, PET scan in 1975 and MRI in 1982.
In 1957, Canadian, James Arthur Gairdner, established the Gairdner Foundation, which in 1959, introduced the annual Gairdner Foundation International Award to scientists for outstanding contributions in the field of medical research. The "Gairdner" is considered Canada's foremost international award and as of 2008, 73 Gairdner recipients had gone on to win the Nobel Prize.
Psychology.
The discipline underwent astonishing growth in the fifties and sixties. In 1956 there were a total of 162 graduate students in psychology in Canadian universities, with the largest numbers being found at U of T (60), Ottawa (50), and UBC (20). By 1961 the number had grown to 340 and by 1966, 1,014. In that year, the largest departments included Ottawa (95), Waterloo (93), Montreal (80) and U of Alberta (79). The growth of faculty members underwent a similar increase rising from 348 in 1965 to 526 just two years later. Research facilities (numbers in brackets) permitted studies in a number of fields including, sensory processes (29), social psychology (26), animal behavior (24), human behavior (23), physiological recording (23), computer studies (22), clinical study (19), child study (18) and psychopharmacological (11). 
Donald O. Hebb (1904–1985), psychologist, appointed head of the Department of Psychology at McGill in 1948, published his seminal work, The Organization of Behaviour, in 1949. He is considered the father of neuropsychology and neural network research.
Donald O. Hebb (1904–1985), psychologist, appointed head of the Department of Psychology at McGill in 1948, published his seminal work, The Organization of Behaviour, in 1949. He is considered the father of neuropsychology and neural network research.
Research into the nature of pain developed during these years. At McGill, Professor Hebb undertook studies in this field as did his student, Ronald Melzack who published ground-breaking research results in 1965 along with Patrick Will of MIT in the US. Further developments saw the establishment of pain clinics in Halifax, Kingston and Saskatoon as well as experiments with the use of implanted electrodes for the control of pain. In Toronto, Moldofsky and Smythe studied fibromyalgia and Tasker and others studied the neurophysiology of nociception. Henry and Sawynok undertook research on the role of purines as related to pain, while Salter and Coderre researched spinal cord mechanisms and plasticity. Katz conducted studies on postoperative pain and Bushnell and others in Montreal researched cerebral imaging.
Within the context of the Cold War, Dr. Donald Ewen Cameron, conducted psychological research at the Allan Memorial Institute at McGill University in Montreal, from 1957 to 1964. The "research" was funded in part by the American CIA as part of Project MKULTRA a mind-control program. Dr. Cameron was of the view that it was possible to cure madness by erasing memories and rebuilding the psyche. His methods included the use of LSD, electroshock and sensory overload. He gained a worldwide reputation for his work and served as the President of the Canadian psychiatric association. His research was repudiated in later years.
Big science (1945–1985).
The post-war years saw dramatic growth in "big science". In the fifties large atomic research reactors were built in Chalk River Ontario (NRX and NRU) and smaller ones in many universities across the country. Space research satellites (Alouette and ISIS) were built in Ottawa and launched in the US. Upper atmosphere Black Brant research rockets were launched from Churchill, Manitoba. A large state-of-the-art radio telescope was built in Algonquin Park.
Although plans to build an Intense Neutron Generator and a large astronomical telescope, to be named the Queen Elizabeth II in the sixties were canceled due to financial pressures, (the latter in 1968), the seventies saw the construction of the TRIUMF large meson generator at the University of British Columbia, the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope in Hawaii and the experimental Tokamak fusion reactor in Varennes, Quebec.
Science policy.
The long standing science policy of the Government of Canada has been to consider science and technology as supporting activities for the development of Canadian business and commerce. The first government science agencies, the Geological Survey of Canada (1842, minerals), the Dominion Experimental Farms (1886, agriculture), the Canadian Forest Service (1899 forestry), the Hydrographic Survey of Canada (1904, commercial navigation) and the Biological Board (1912, fisheries) were established to support their respective industries. The National Research Council (1916) was founded to support manufacturing research and to provide science and technology advice to the government and the Dominion Bureau of Statistics was created in 1917 to support economic development. The series of post-war NRC spin-offs saw this advisory role handed over to a newly created agency the Science Council of Canada founded in 1966. It provided scientific advice to the government until it was abolished in 1993 as part of federal budget cutbacks. In 2007 the federal government established the Science, Technology and Innovation Council (Canada) with a mandate to study and report on the state of science and technology in Canada as compared to the rest of the world.
Special circumstances, such as war, have seen the government mobilize science to deal with a national emergency.
The government has also for the last fifty years considered the health and more recently the public safety of Canadians to be of great importance and has therefore invested in medical research through the NRC, the Medical Research Board and lately the Canadian Institutes of Health Research. Other health and safety science activities include the laboratory investigations of Health Canada and the recently created Public Health Agency of Canada and the Canadian Food Inspection Agency.
However government policy with respect to what might be described "pure" science has been ambiguous. Early in the twenieth century the government funded the construction of one of the largest astronomical telescopes in the world. Other "big science" projects such as those listed here have also been funded over the last one hundred years. However when the overall funding for this type of activity during the past century is considered there has been a notable lag when Canada's efforts are compared to those of other countries.
Nobel Laureates and other scientists of note (1945–1985).
A number of Nobel Prizes were awarded to Canadian scientists, during this period including: William Giauque, (Chemistry, 1949), Charles B. Huggins, (Physiology or Medicine, 1966), Gerhard Herzberg, (Chemistry, 1971) and David H. Hubel, (Physiology or Medicine, 1981),
Other scientists of note included: Carlyle Smith Beals, 1899–1979 (astronomy), Edgar William Richard Steacie, 1900–1962 (chemistry), Helen Sawyer Hogg, 1905–1993 (astronomy), John Tuzo Wilson, 1908–1993 (geology), Marshall McLuhan, 1911–1980 (sociology/communications), Pierre Dansereau, 1911 (ecology), Harold Copp, 1915–1998 (medicine), Raymond Lemieux, 1920–2000 (chemistry), Fernand Seguin, 1922–1988 (biochemistry, TV personality), Charles Scriver, 1930 (medicine), Hubert Reeves, 1932 (cosmology) and David Suzuki, 1936 (genetics, TV personality).
Integrationism.
In the late 20th century there arose a perception of the limits of reductionism as a philosophy for the understanding of the natural world, as well as an appreciation that greater knowledge could be gained by examining the way that the component parts of the natural world fit together, relate to each other and influence each other. This has led to a movement whereby the knowledge of nature gained through 300 years of reductionist inspired scientific research is being integrated in ways that allow the understanding of these complex relationships. While Canadian scientists still operate very much in the reductionist mode, integrationism has developed as a parallel philosophy especially in fields such as biology and cognitive science. It is evident also in the creation of multidisciplinary structures such at the MaRS Discovery District in Toronto.
Cutbacks and recovery (1985–present).
Universities and government research agencies (1985–present).
Growth continued until the mid-eighties when a crisis in public funding curtailed much scientific research at the university and government level. Space activities spread across federal departments were brought under the roof of the Canadian Space Agency, created in 1989. The province of Quebec established the Centre de recherche industriel de Québec that same year. The Defence Research Board was reorganized and emerged as Defence Research and Development Canada in 2000.
The last two decades have witnessed a slow but steady recovery. The mid-nineties saw the voluntary creation of the Group of Ten, large research universities in Canada. Three members were added to create the Group of 13 in 2006. In 1995 the Social Science Federation of Canada and the Canadian Federation for the Humanities amalgamated to form the Canadian Federation for the Humanities and Social Sciences.
In 1982 the virtual, Ottawa based Canadian Institute for Advanced Research was established to investigate questions relating to the fundamental nature of the universe in fields such as cosmology, gravity, quantum mechanics and genetics. The formation in 2001 in Waterloo, Ontario, of the Perimeter Institute, for the study of quantum mechanics and relativity, is refreshingly novel in that it represents the initiative of a private individual, the founder of Research in Motion the company that invented the BlackBerry, who has entered a field previously occupied by public institutes.
Funding agencies, Science Policy and Science Infrastructure (1985–present).
This period has seen the establishment of structures designed to enhance scientific research in Canada. Funding agencies established previously have continued to provide money for research projects. They have been joined by new agencies designed to purchase equipment related to this research as well as pay the salaries of new researchers. Technical facilities for research communications and computing and their related associations have also been created.
In 1989 Canada's three principal funding agencies, the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada, the Medical Research Council of Canada Research and Industry Canada, established the Network of Centres of Excellence (NCE) programme to help commercialize the results of Canadian scientific discovery. The closely related Centres of Excellence for Commercialization and Research (CECR) programme, as well as the Business-Led Networks of Centres of Excellence (BL-NCE) programme, were created in 2007. CECRs established include the Advanced Applied Physics Solutions Inc. - AAPS, Vancouver, BC ($14.95 million), the Bioindustrial Innovation Centre - BIC, Sarnia, ON ($14.95 million) and Centre for the Commercialization of Research - CCR, Ottawa, ON ($14.95 million). Medical CECRs have also been created (see medical research below).
In 1997 the Federal government created the Canada Foundation for Innovation with an endowment of $800 million to help finance the acquisition of sciencific research material, equipment and facilities by Canadian universities. Since its creation the Canada Foundation for Innovation has invested large sums in a number of major projects including the Canadian Light Source (University of Saskatchewan), the International Facility for Underground Science (Carleton University), NEPTUNE Canada (cable-linked seafloor observatory) (University of Victoria), the Centre for Cellular and Biomolecular Research (University of Toronto), the Centre for Integrated Genomics (B.C. Cancer Agency), a Canadian Research Icebreaker (Université Laval), 
the McGill University Health Centre Life Sciences Complex (McGill University), the Toronto Centre for Comparative Models of Human Disease (Mount Sinai Hospital), the Advanced Laser Light Sources (ALLS) (Institut national de la recherche scientifique) and the National Site Licensing Project (University of Ottawa).
In 2000 the Canada Research Chair Programme was established to help finance the hiring of scientists for Canadian university research. Further developments saw the establishment of the Indirect (research) Cost Programme and the Canada Graduate Scholarship Programme both in 2003 and the CFI Research Hospital Fund in 2004.
The Government of Alberta established the Alberta Heritage Foundation for Medical Research, with an endowment of $300,000,000, in 1980. By 2000 the endowment was valued at $600,000,00. In 2000 using a similar model the government established the Alberta Heritage Foundation for Science and Engineering Research, with support for 172 researchers and an endowment valued at $1 billion. In 1999 the Medical Research Council was reorganized and emerged as the new Canadian Institutes of Health Research.
In recent years university endowments (List of Canadian universities by endowment) have played an increasingly inmportant role in funding university activity including scientific research. Those universities with the largest endowments (in millions of C$) include : the University of Toronto $ 2,490 (2007), the University of British Columbia $ 1,010 (2007), McGill University $ 973.6 (2007), the University of Alberta $ 751.5 (2007), Queen's University $ 660.0 (2007), McMaster University $ 498.5 (2007), the University of Calgary $ 426.0 (2007), Dalhousie University $ 364.0 (2006), York University $ 306.0 (2007) and the University of Manitoba $ 303.0. (2006).
The Canadian Advanced Network and Research for Industry and Education, (CANARIE) was established in 1993, to facilitate research cooperation among Canadian scientists. CANARIE maintains a communications network known as CA*NET, originally created in 1990 with the support of the National Research Council of Canada, which is used for the high-speed/high volume transfer of research data among its members. Members of CANARIE include Canadian universities, research institutes and research intensive corporations.
The C3.ca Association Inc. was formed in 1997 to promote and integrate high performance computing (supercomputing) among Canada's research universities. Member associations included the Atlantic Computational Ecellence Network (ACEnet), Consortium Laval, UQAM, McGill and Eastern Quebec (CLUMEQ), the Réseau québécois de calcul de haute performance (RQCHP), the High Performance Computing Virtual Laboratory (HPCVL), SciNet, the Shared Hierarchical Academic Research Computing NETwork (SHARCNET) and the Western Canada Research Grid (WestGrid). In 2008 the Association became known as Compute Canada. In 2011, CLUMEQ and RQCHP merged into Calcul Québec, which is now one of the six remaining regional consortiums part of Compute Canada.
The Canadian Academies of Science was established in 2004, as the result of an initiative by the Royal Society of Canada, the Canadian Academy of Engineering and the Canadian Institute of Academic Medicine. The purpose of the organization is to act as "a source of independent, expert assessment of the science underlying pressing issues and matters of public interest". The organization was renamed in 2006 and became known as the Council of Canadian Academies. In 2009 the Academies published a report on innovation in Canada entitled "Innovation and Business Strategy: Why Canada Falls Short". ".
The Government of Canada created the Canada Excellence Research Chairs (CERC) programme in 2008. With an annual budget of $28 million, the CERC funds 20 research chairs in Canadian universities, to attract the world's most accomplished researchers in a number of fields including, information and communication, environmental science, energy and life science. The first chairholders were announced in May 2010.
Disciplines (1985–present).
Mathematics.
The continuing importance of mathematics has been reflected in the establishment of organizations such at the Fields Institute for Research in Mathematical Sciences at Waterloo (later moved to U of T) in 1991. In the new century there are about 2400 mathematicians in Canadian universities and in 2005 the Canadian Mathematical Society celebrated its sixtieth anniversary. Waterloo has surpassed the University of Toronto in stature and in 2008 is a world leader in mathematics with over 5300 students, 200 full-time professors and 180 different courses in mathematics, statistics and computer science. Research institutes include: the Business and Industrial Statistics Research Group, the Centre for Advanced Studies in Finance, the Centre for Applied Cryptographic Research, Centre for Computational Mathematics in Industry and Commerce, the Institute for Computer Research, the Institute of Insurance and Pension Research, the Institute for Quantitative Finance and Insurance and the Institute for Quantum Computing.
In 1999 the Networks of Centres of Excellence Programme established, The Mathematics of Information Technology and Complex Systems Network, to bring to bear the power of mathematics on complex industrial and social problems.
Physics.
Atomic fusion was a significant field of study in this period. From 1987 to 1999, at Varennes Quebec, Hydro-Québec operated a Tokamak fusion reactor. Researchers from the "Institut de recherche en électricité du Québec" (IREQ) and the "Institut national de la recherche scientifique" (INRS) investigated various elements of fusion science at this facility.
The Sudbury Neutrino Observatory (SNO) studied the nature of the sub-atomic particle known as the neutrino from 1999 until 2006. The facility is located about 2 km underground in the former Creighton nickel mine of CVRD Inco in Sudbury, Ontario and was designed to detect solar neutrinos by sensing their interaction with deuterium nuclei and atomic electrons. Observations resulted in a major discovery, demonstrating among other things that solar neutrinos oscillate as they travel through space and therefore have mass. The facility is presently undergoing an upgrade that will result in SNO+ that will permit new experiments. These will involve the study of the proton proton chain reaction, geo-neutrinos (neutrinos produced by natural phenomena in the earth) and neutrinoless double beta decay. As of 2010 the facility was home to two major experiments investigating the nature of dark matter: the Project in Canada to Search for Supersymmetric Objects (PICASSO), which is attempting to find evidence for the existence of WIMPS (weakly interacting massive particles) and the Dark Matter Experiment Using Argon Pulse (DEAP). There are also plans by the US based Cryogenic Dark Matter Search team to use the SNO facility for dark matter research.
One of the largest science projects in Canadian history, the Canadian Light Source Synchrotron at the University of Sasketchewan in Saskatoon began operation in 2004. Covering an area the size of a football field and built at a cost of $175 million it is operated by CLS Inc. a U of S not-for-profit corporation. It is used to investigate the nature of matter at very small scales. Similar in nature but smaller in scale the Advanced Laser Light Source (ALLS), was established in Quebec City at the facilities of the University of Quebec, Institute national de Recherche scientifique in 2004. The $20 million, CFI funded international project uses a multi-beam femtosecond laser system operating in a wide range of frequencies to study the behaviour of molecules at ultra fast speeds. The CFI has also provided funding for Canadian physicists to participate in research at the Spallation Neutron Source facility at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in the US. The moneys will permit the design and construction of Vulcan, a spallation neutron beam source and a spectrometer, as well as a guarantee of beam time access.
Small scale physics is also the focus of the National Institute for Nanotechnology (NINT) at the University of Alberta, in Edmonton, Alberta. Operated by the NRC the institute was created in 2001 and moved into a state-of-the-art facility which is among the largest and quietest of its type in the world, in 2006. It will study a wide range of nanoscale phenomena including, the synthesis of nanocrystals and nanowires and of supramolecular-based nanomaterials, the fabrication of molecular-scale devices, the development of nano-scaled materials for chemical reactions at semiconductor surfaces, protein design and genetic engineering and nanoelectricalmechanical systems. Of particular recent note is the Waterloo Institute for Nanotechnology which will be in operation in 2011 and will conduct research related to nano-engineered materials, nano-electronics design and fabrication, nano-instrumentation and nano-biosystems. An example of one of the nano fabrication projects associated with the Waterloo Institute for Nanotechnology is the University of Waterloo Nano Robotics Group. The group, composed only of undergraduate students, is developing a research paper characterizing the surface tension around micro robots at a micro scale after winning first place at the 2011 Mobile Microrobotics Challenge. It was the only completely undergraduate team, as well as the only Canadian team competing.
In 2008, the Canadian Centre for Electron Microscopy, at McMaster University, in Hamilton, Ontario, acquired the Titan 80-300 Cubed, electron microscope. The instrument is considered the best at any university in the world, by the Director of the Centre and will permit the detailed examination of individual atoms and be useful in the field of nanotechnological research.
The University of Toronto is the most prominent member of the G13 Canadian research universities and remains one of Canada's premier physics research organizations. In 1997 the physics department celebrated the centenary of its graduate programme. In 2007 it conducted research in a wide ranging number of fields including: planetary physics, quantum optics and condensed matter physics and subatomic physics. A number of research institutes play an important part in this activity including: the Center for Quantum Information and Quantum Control, the Institute for Optical Sciences, the Canadian Institute for Theoretical Astrophysics (C.I.T.A.), Photonics Research Ontario, IsoTrace, the Institute for Aerospace Studies, the Institute of Particle Physics (I.P.P.) and the Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics.
The University of British Columbia continues to play an important role in physics research. Fields of study include: applied physics, atomic, molecular and optical physics, biophysics, condensed matter, medical physics, particle, subatomic and string theory and theoretical physics. Important research institutes include, the Advanced Materials and Process Engineering Laboratory, the Pacific Institute of Theoretical Physics and of course TRIUMF, Canada's National Laboratory for Particle and Nuclear Physics.
TRIUMF is also Canada's centre for participation in the construction and eventual operation of the Large Hadron Collider at CERN in Geneva. Canadian universities and Canadian industry have contributed components to ATLAS, one of that accelerators large particle detectors. TRIUMF also hosts a Tier 1 Computing Centre for ATLAS, one of ten in the world.
Canada's number three research university, the University of Alberta in Edmonton, maintains its strong position in physics research in Canada in 2008. Fields of stude include: the astrophysical sciences, condensed matter physics, geophysics and particle physics. Research institutes of note include: the Center for Nanoscale Physics, the Centre for Particle Physics (Center for Subatomic Research), the Institute for Geophysical Research, the Mitpan International Institute of Earthquake Prediction Theory, the Space Physics Laboratory and the Theoretical Physics Institute.
The reputation of physics research at McGill in Montreal continues to be strong. Fields of study include: astrophysics, condensed matter physics, high energy physics, nuclear physics and nonlinear physics. Research centres of note include: the Centre for the Physics of Materials, the Centre for High Energy Physics, the Interuniversity Centre for Subatomic Physics, and the McGill Institute for Advanced Materials.
Arguably Canada's most significant theoretical physics research organization is the newly created Perimeter Institute (PI), associated with the University of Waterloo in Waterloo, Ontario. Founded in 1999 by Mike Lazaridis, inventor of the BlackBerry, and under the leadership of Founding Executive Director Howard Burton, the 60 resident researchers have, since 2001 conducted research in a number of fields including: cosmology, particle physics, quantum foundations, quantum gravity, quantum information and superstring theory. In 2008 the Institute announced the appointment of world renowned researcher Prof. Stephen Hawking to the position of Perimeter Institute Distinguished Research Chair. Dr. Hawking, began his private research at the PI in June 2010. In 2009, the Perimeter institute made public plans for the construction of the new Stephen Hawking Centre, which will double the size of the institute.
The closely related Institute for Quantum Computing was established at the University of Waterloo in 2002 with $100 million in funding and construction of a dedicated facility was begun in June 2008. Under the direction of Professor Michele Mosca the Institute aims to have 30 full-time researchers, 50 post-doctoral fellows and 125 graduate students aggressively conducting research into the application of quantum mechanical techniques to information processing systems. The Institute operates a number of highly advanced laboratories including the Atom Trapping Laboratory, the Integrated Quantum Optoelectronics Laboratory, the Josephson Junctions Laboratory and the Photonic Entanglement Laboratory.
Astronomy.
Cutbacks in funding hit Canada's premier astronomical research organization the Herzberg Institute of Astrophysics hard. Money could not be found to resurface the Algonquin Park Radio Telescope and it along with the solar telescope near Ottawa were closed in 1986. However that same year, the HIA did establish the Canadian Astronomy Data Centre (CADC) which created special software for the archiving of astronomical date. In 1987, the HAI took a 25 percent stake in the 15-m James Clerk Maxwell Telescope (submillimetre radio) and in the nineties a 15 percent stake in the optical 8 metre Gemini Telescope which became operational in 1999. Headquarters for the HIA moved from Ottawa to Victoria in 1995. In the new century the Institute designed instruments for its international telescope programme including, the Gemini multi-object spectrograph, the JCMT auto-correlation spectrometer and imaging system and the CFHT adaptive optics bonnette. Of note is the initiation of the CFHT Legacy Survey in 2003. Using the telescope's wide field Megacam the survey consists of three studies, "Very Wide", "Wide", and "Deep", and investigates a number of phenomena including the nature of dark matter and dark energy. The University of Calgary is participating in the development of the software to be used for data acquisition and image production at the Atacama Large Millimeter Array Telescope under construction in the Atacama Desert in Chile. First light is expected in 2011.
The HAI is also the principal player in the 1998–1999 Long-Range Plan for Astronomy and recently has moved towards a more supportive role for Canadian university astronomy.
In 2003 the Canadian Space Agency launched Canada's first astronomical satellite, the Microvariability and Oscillations of STars telescope or MOST, developed by the Agency, Dynacon Enterprises Limited and the astronomy departments at the University of Toronto and British Columbia.
Astronomy in the new century at the Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics at the U of T is wide ranging in scope and makes use of some of the world's greatest observatories. Fields of study include: cosmology, the early universe, galaxy clusters, galaxy, star and planet formation, the interstellar medium, high energy astrophysics and stellar structure and evolution. Researchers at the department have access to a number of high quality telescopes including: Gemini North and South, 8.1 m, Magellan 6.5 m, the CFHT, 3.6 m, Dupont, 2.5 m and the JCMT, sub-mm as well as other optical, radio and satellite facilities and the use of stratospheric balloons for galactic and cosmological research. In 2008 three astronomers from this university, using the Gemini North telescope, took the first direct photograph of what is likely an extra solar planet, orbiting star 1RSX J160929.1-210524, 500 light years from earth.
Astronomy research in the 21st century is combined with the work of the physics department at the University of British Columbia. The 22 staff researchers there engage in an active programme of investigation and have access to cutting edge facilities including the CFHT and Gemini telescopes. The Dominion Astrophysical Observatory near Victoria and the two radio telescopes of the Dominion Radio Astrophysical Observatory near Penticton are also used. Furthermore department members have built several liquid mirror telescopes the biggest being the 6 metre Large Zenith Telescope near Vancouver.
The Origins Institute founded in 2004 at McMaster University, by Dr Ralph Pudritz, has initially focused its research on the structure of extra solar systems but has plans to expand its endeavours to include studies relating to the origins of the universe and life.
Other Canadian universities including, Queen's, York, Calgary, the U of Alberta, the U of Victoria, Montreal, Laval and the University of Western Ontario offer graduate astronomy programmes and have their own observatories.
In 2009, the Canadian Astronomy Data Centre (CADC) at the NRC Herzberg Institute of Astrophysics (NRC-HIA) in Victoria, announced the establishment of the Canadian Advanced Network for Astronomical Research (CANFAR). This system will create an electronic bridge linking the software of Canadian astronomers with the powerful computers of the CANARIE network. The University of British Columbia and University of Victoria are major participants in the project which will enhance collaboration and productivity among Canadian researchers in astronomy.
In recent years there have been plans for the dramatic renewal of Canadian observing facilities in both the visible and radio spactrum. In the visible spectrum, running from the near-ultraviolet to the mid-infrared (0.31 to 28 μm), the Thirty Meter Telescope project calls for the construction of a telescope with a mirror an astonishing 30 metres in diameter. The telescope is the result of a partnership, established in 2003, between the Association of Canadian Universities for Research in Astronomy (ACURA), the California Institute of Technology and the University of California. Funding is provided by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, in the US as well as the Canada Foundation for Innovation, the Ontario Ministry of Research and Innovation, the National Research Council of Canada, the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, the British Columbia Knowledge Development Fund and Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA). First light for the C$1 billion facility on Mauna Kea in Hawaii is planned for 2017. The telescope will investigate a number of cutting edge phenomena including: dark energy, dark matter and the Standard Model of particle physics, the first stars and galaxies in the Universe, reionization, galaxy assembly and evolution, planet and star formation and the possibility life on planets outside the Solar System.
Canadian universities and scientists are also participating in another international partnership for the construction of new telescope for radio astronomy. The University of Calgary is Canada's lead institution for Canadian participation in the Square Kilometer Array. Construction of the €1.5 billion telescope in the southern hemisphere, is scheduled to begin in 2013, with first light in 2017 and full operation scheduled for 2022.
Space Science.
During this period Canadian space science developed a manned component in addition to unmanned activities. In the early eighties the government of Canada signed an agreement with the US regarding participation by Canada in the NASA space shuttle programme. Canada would design, build and donate four Remote Manipulator System devices, (popularly known as the Canadarm), used to handle cargo and equipment in the bay of the shuttle when it was in orbit, in exchange for the training of a Canadian astronaut corps by NASA and the assignment of Canadian astronauts as crew members aboard space shuttle flights. Shuttle flights have included those by, Marc Garneau, Canada's first astronaut, 1984/1996/2000, Roberta Bondar, 1992, Steve MacLean, 1992/2006, Chris Hadfield, 1995/2001, Robert Thirsk, 1996, Bjarni Tryggvason, 1997, Dave Williams, 1998 and Julie Payette, 1999/2009. In 2009 the CSA announced the appointment of two new members of the Canadian Astronaut Corps, Jeremy Hansen and David St-Jacques. Also in 2009, Robert Thirsk undertook a six-month mission aboard the International Space Station, the first long duration flight by a Canadian astronaut. Science studies during these missions have involved investigations of human physiology including space sickness, intracorporal fluid displacements, spacial orientation and the loss of bone and muscle mass during prolonged periods of weightlessness. There have also been experiments in materials science and biology amongst others. In September 2010, Veteran Canadian astronaut Chris Hatfield was appointed commander of the International Space Station for an upcoming mission in 2012.
Canada's unmanned programme included the first launching of a Canadian earth observation satellite, RADARSAT-1 in 1995 and an improved version RADARSAT-2 in 2007. Placed in polar orbits each of these satellites images almost all of the Earth's surface, every 24 days using a powerful synthetic aperture radar, SAR. The images have both operational and scientific applications and their data is of use in geology, hydrology, agriculture, cartography, forestry, climatology, urbanology, environmental studies, meteorology, oceanography and other fields. In 2009 the Canadian Space Agency announced a follow-up programme, RADARSAT Constellation, which will see the launching of three earth observation satellites, in 2014, 2015 and 2016 respectively, working as a trio to provide complete coverage of Canada's land and ocean surfaces as well as 95% of the surface of the world every 24 hours.
The Canadian Space Agency launched the Microvariability and Oscillations of STars (MOST) astronomical and SCISAT-1, satellites in 2003. A year later MOST observed that the star, Procyon, did not oscillate, a finding that has importance with respect to theories relating to the formation and aging of the sun and other stars.
Canadian instruments have also flown aboard a number of international satellites. Akebono, a Japanese satellite launched in 1989, to study the Earth's magnetosphere, was equipped with the Canadian suprathermal ion mass spectrometer. In 1996, the Canadian auroral ultra-violet imager, flew aboard the Russian satellite Interball-2. FUSE, an international ultraviolet space observatory, launched in 1999, has aboard, the Canadian designed and built Fine Error Sensor camera system for tracking the telescope. Canada provided the $37 million "weather station" aboard the Phoenix Mars unmanned mission scheduled to land on that planet in 2008.
In 2008, the Agency plans to launch a bybrid satellite, Cassiope, which includes a scientific package equipped with the "enhanced polar outflow probe", that will study the ionosphere. The Agency has also coordinated Canada's contribution to the HIFI and SPIRE instruments aboard the Herschel Space Observatory and to the Low Ferquency Instrument and the High Frequency Instrument aboard the Planck astronomical/cosmological satellite both of which will be launched in 2008. Finally Canada is contributing the Fine Guidance Sensor and Tuneable Filter Imager for the James Web Space Telescope scheluled for launch in 2013.
In 2008 the Canadian Space Agency also announced plans to design and launch the Near Earth Object Surveillance Satellite (NEOSat) in 2010. Weighing 65 kg and about the size of a large suitcase, the satellite, which will optically search space near the earth with its 15 cm telescope for asteroids that represent a danger to the planet through collision, will be the first ever dedicated to this task. It will also search for and track smaller objects that could represent a lesser but nevertheless significant danger. The $12 million machine is being designed and built by the University of Calgary and Dynacon Inc. of Mississauga, Ontario. It will be placed in a sun-synchronous polar orbit about 800 km above the earth. In November 2008, the Agency signed a $40 million 16-month contract with MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates Ltd. of Vancouver to begin the design of the RADARSAT Constellation (3 satellite) mission. In the 2009 Federal budget, the agency was awarded funding for the preliminary design of robotic Lunar/Martian rovers.
The University of Toronto operates the Canadian Advanced Nanospace eXperiment Program. In 2009 the University of Calgary and the University of Lethbridge established the Institute for Space Imaging Science, a Canadian first.
A rather imaginative recent undertaking is one by the Mars Society, an international non-profit space advocacy organization and its Canadian branch, the Mars Society of Canada, which established, as part of their Mars Analogue Research Station Programme, the Flashline Mars Arctic Research Station (FMARS), near the Haughton Meteor Impact Crater on Devon Island, Nunavut in 2002. Designed to develop procedures for an eventual manned mission to Mars, the "crew members", inhabiting a simulated Mars base and wearing simulated space suits conducted microbiological and geological studies and simulated Mars field explorations.
Geology.
The Geological Survey has continued its research during this period. In 1986 the Survey merged with the Earth Physics Branch of the Department of Energy, Mines and Resources and acquired the national seismology and geomagetic observatory networks of that organization. In the nineties this new organization took the lead in the development of the National Geoscience Mapping Program (NATMAP)with other governments, universities and industry to optimize the use of funding for the new mapping of bedrock and surface geology of Canada. Activity in environmental studies has involved establishing norms for the geochemical profiles of naturally occurring substances and work with respect to climate change as well as hydrogeology and natural radioactivity and the risks associated with natural dangers including earthquakes and tsunanis. The Intergovernmental Geoscience Accord, signed in 1996, clarified the role of the Survey with respect to relations with provincial and territorial governments. As the result of a reorganization the Survey became part of the Earth Sciences division of Natural Resources Canada in the mid-nineties. In recent years the evolution of digital electronics and the internet has seen the Survey undertake the development of the Geoscience Knowledge Network with the aim of making geological information available on line. The budget of the Survey is now about $60 million a year and the staff of 550 are located at headquarters in Ottawa and regional offices in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, St. Foy, Quebec, Calgary, Alberta and Sidney and Vancouver, British Columbia. Present fields of study include: geological hazards and environmental geoscience, marine geoscience, minerals, hydrocarbons and bedrock and surficial geoscience.
In 2008, the oldest rocks yet discovered on earth, estimated to be about 4.28 billion years old were found along the east shore of Hudson Bay in Quebec. Also in 2008, a two-year project, involving seven arctic nations and led by scientist Marc St. Onge of the Geological Survey of Canada, completed a two-year survey that mapped the geology of the polar region.
Oceanography.
Because most oceanographical activity in Canada is federally funded, the cutbacks of 1985 effected scientific research in this field. For example the Pacific ocean research facilities of the Defence Research Board were closed. However in spite of this the key player, the Bedford Institute of Oceanography has maintained its status as Canada's premier oceanographical institution. Consolidation over the years recent has brought the oceanographic activities of four departments under the roof of the Institute and at the present time over 400 scientists, engineers, technicians, support staff and others, conduct targeted research in a number of fields. National Defence activities support ocean surveillance through the Maritime Forces Atlantic's Route Survey Office and focus on surveys of the sea floor in areas of military interest. The Shellfish Section of Environment Canada conducts ocean water quality surveys and microbiological studies of shellfish. The Geological Survey of Canada is also present and has established itself as Canada's principal marine geoscience facility with emphasis on geophysics, geochemistry, marine and petroleum geology and the coastal/off-shore landmass. The Science Division and Canadian Hydrographic Service of the Department of Fisheries and Oceans are also represented. Associated researchers study the marine climate and environment, marine and diadromous fish, shell fish, mammals and plants. The Institute presently operates four research vessels, CCGS Matthew acquired in 1990 along with the famous CCGS Hudson (1964), CCGS Navicula (1968) and CCGS Alfred Needler (1982).
At the Maurice Lamontagne Institute established in 1987 near Mont-Joli, Quebec, on the St. Lawrence Estuary, more than 400 staff undertake research relating to the protection of the marine environment and the conservation of aquatic plants and animals.
Beginning in 2006 the federal government intensified research of the mapping of the ocean floor in the high arctic as part of a programme designed to reinforce Canada's claim to the arctic. The study of the Lomonosov Ridge has been a particular focus of attention.
The Ocean Tracking Network, headquartered at Dalhousie University in Halifax was established in 2008, with $168 million in funding provided by the Canada Foundation for Innovation and the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council. The project seeks to establish a worldwide animal surveillance and ocean monitoring network using acoustic sensors that will allow the tracking of tagged marine animals for up to 20 years. The information gathered will be used for marine ecological protection. In 2009, on the west coast, the NEPTUNE Program at the University of Victoria, established the world's first regional cabled ocean observatory. Through the use of sensors connected to an 800 km electro-optical cable, resting on the seabed of the Juan de fuca Tectonic Plate, scientists can study seismic activity, ocean-climate interactions and seafloor ecology. Canadian researchers have also made important contributions to the International Census of Marine Life cataloguing 2636 species in the Pacific, 3160 in the Atlantic and 3038 species in the Arctic Oceans in recent years.
Chemistry.
Although there have been funding difficulties, the Group of Thirteen Canadian research universities have been engaged in cutting edge chemistry research during this period.
Not surprisingly the University of Toronto has a very elaborate graduate research programme with specialties in, analytical chemistry, biological and organic chemistry, environmental chemistry, inorganic chemistry, physical chemistry, chemical physics and polymer chemistry. The University of British Columbia has a similarly well developed chemistry research programme in fields such as, analytical chemistry, biochemistry, envirenmental chemistry, inorganic chemistry, material, organic chemistry, physical-theoretical chemistry and nuclear and radiochemistry.
The University of Alberta has a number of advanced laboratories supporting research in chemistry. These include: the Analytical and Instrumentation Laboratory, the Mass Spectrometry Laboratory, the Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Laboratory and the X-ray Crystallography Laboratory which support, analytical chemistry, chemical biology, chemical physics, inorganic chemistry, materials and surface chemistry, nanotechnology, organic chemistry, physical chemistry and theoretical and computational chemistry.
In recent years McGill has emphasized the increasingly interdisciplinary nature of chemical research in fields such as analytical/environmental chemistry, biological chemistry, chemical physics, materials chemistry and synthesis/catalysis.
Advanced laboratories combined with a multidisciplinary approach characterize chemistry research at the University of Waterloo. Of note is the new Waterloo Advanced Technology laboratory or WATlLab, a facility that offers researchers, microscopy and lithography, spectromicroscopy and spectroscopy and nanofabrication and materials science tools. Also available is the Waterloo Chemical Analysis Facility which includes NMR and mass spectrometry machines. Research institutes include the Guelph-Waterloo Centre for Graduate Work in Chemistry and Biochemistry and the Institute of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.
The NRC continues its work in chemistry, notably at the Steacie Institute for Molecular Sciences with laboratories in Ottawa (Sussex Drive) and Chalk River, Ontario.
Biology.
Biology in the new century has been characterized by the rise of systems and synthetic biological research centres in universities across Canada. A recent phenomenon, systems biology is the result of the merger of molecular and cell biology with systems and control theory and seeks to explain how the higher level characteristics of complex biological systems, including life itself, arise from the interactions among their component parts. Research results have significant implications for the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.
One notable center is the University of Calgary's Institute for Biocomplexity and Informatics. The Chairman of the Institute, Stuart Kauffman has contributed to the field of abiogenisis with his research into the emergence of metabolism through phenomena involving autocatalytic sets. Others centres of note in Ontario include the Department of Cellular and Systems Biology and the Terrence Donnelly Centre for Cellular and Biomolecular Research at the University of Toronto, the Centre for Computational Biology at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto, the Sun Centre of Excellence in Systems Biology at the Samuel Lunenfeld Research Institute (Mount Sinai Hospital) in Toronto and the Ottawa Institute of Systems Biology (2005) at the University of Ottawa. The Biotron research facility, opened in 2008 at the University of Western Ontario, in London, will provide a unique laboratory for the study of basic biological systems at the ecological, physiological and molecular levels. In Quebec, McGill has established the Centre for Nonlinear Dynamics in Physiology and Disease. The prairie provinces are home to a number of organizations including the Manitoba Centre for Proteomics and Systems Biology and the Centre for Mathematical Biology and the Institute for Biomolecular Design, both at the University of Alberta. The latter has initiated the 10 year, Project Cyber Cell, to develop the computer simulation of a living cell, in this case an e-coli bacteria, involving 40 laboratories across Canada. The Canadian Laboratories in Integrated Proteolysis were recently created at the University of British Columbia. A reflection of the growth of the discipline is seen in the establishment of the Canadian Society for Systems Biology in 2006. Membership stands at 150 in 2008.
Research in cloning was undertaken during these years. In 1999 McGill University produced the world's first cloned goats. In 2001, veterinary doctor, Dr. Lawrence Smith of the University of Montreal cloned three calves.
After significant cutbacks and reorganization, biological research at the National Research Council has recovered and is reflected in the activities of a number of sub-organizations including: the Institute for Biological Sciences (NRC-IBS) in Ottawa, Montreal Road and Sussex Drive Campuses, the Biotechnology Research Institute (NRC-BRI) in Montreal, Quebec, the Institute for Biodiagnostics (NRC-IBD) with facilities in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Calgary, Alberta and Halifax, Nova Scotia, the Plant Biotechnology Institute (NRC-PBI) in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan and the Institute for Marine Biosciences (NRC-IMB) in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Since 1985 federal research activities in the field of agriculture have continued. The 600 scientists and technicians of the Research Branch of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada undertake studies in a wide variety of fields at 19 research stations across Canada including but not limited to: the Pacific Agri-Food Research Centre, Agassiz and Summerland.
In recent years the Canadian Forest Service has investigated the process of tissue culture. Through a technique known as somatic embryogenesis (SE) CFS researchers have been the first to use a single cell to regenerate larch trees. The same process has also been used to culture the Eastern White Pine and Jack Pine and may lead to the development of genetically modified conifers suited to special needs such as fibre production. The Service operates six research centres across Canada, including the Pacific Forestry Centre in Victoria, British Columbia, the Northern Forestry Centre in Edmonton, Alberta, the Great Lakes Forestry Centre in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, the Laurentien Forestry Centre in Quebec, City and the Atlantic Forestry Centre in Fredericton, New Bruncwick as well as two research forests, the Petawawa Research Forest and the Acadia Research Forest. Fields of research include biodiversity, biotechnology and bioproducts, climate change, ecology and ecosystems, entomology, pathology, silviculture and forest regeneration. The Canadian Wood Fibre Centre in Ottawa another CFS facility investigates industrial applications of wood fibre.
Medical research.
The Canadian Institutes of Health Research, which replaced the Medical Research Council in 2000 and consist of a number of virtual institutes, fund medical research in a variety of fields including aboriginal peoples' health, aging, cancer, circulatory and respiratory health, gender and health, genetics, human development, infection, musculoskeletal health, diabetes, neuroscience, and public health. Research is conducted in cooperation with the pharmaceutical industry and medical schools across Canada.
There have been significant developments in stem cell research activity during this period. In 1997, Dr. John Dick, a molecular biologist at the University of Toronto, was the first to discover the existence of cancer stem cells. The Stem Cell Network was established in 2001 with headquarters at the University of Ottawa and brings together more than 80 leading scientists, clinicians and engineers from Canadian universities and hospitals. Researchers study cellular therapeutics and their pharmacological applications as well as related technologies, public policy, ethical, legal and social issues with the goal of effectively treating cancer, heart and lung disease, macular degeneration, stroke, multiple sclerosis, spinal cord injury, Parkinson's disease, muscle degeneration, hemophilia and type 1 diabetes. It is hoped that research will lead to clinical applications for these afflictions by 2015. Stem cell research is also undertaken at the McEwen Centre for Regenerative Medicine established in 2003 in Toronto as part of the University Health Network in 2003. In 2010 the McMaster University Stem Cell and Cancer Research Institute announced that it had developed a technique for transforming skin cells into multiple blood cell types. This discovery may have applications for the treatment of leukemia, for it is anticipated that a patient with the disease may be able to receive therapeutic blood transfusions derived from his or her own skin cells, thus eliminating problems related to compatibility that are associated with treatment that involves biological material from others.
The University Health Network in Toronto is also home to a number of other medical research institutes, including the Ontario Cancer Institute, the Advanced Medical Discovery Institute, The Campbell Family Cancer Research Institute, The Campbell Family Institute for Breast Cancer Research, the Toronto General Research Institute and the Toronto Western Research Institute.
The International Regulome Consortium is a Canadian-led international initiative, begun in 2004, the aim of which is to map the functional transcriptome, or the genetic circuitry of stem cells. Planned as a follow-up to the Human Genome Project, the consortium is headquartered at the University of Ottawa and led by Dr. Michel Rudniki. In 2009, Dr. Andras Nagy, a biologist at Mount Sinai Hospital in Toronto, developed a practical way to transform mature human cells into the equivalent of embryonic stem cells, moving medicine one step closer to the use of these cells for the treatment of disease. Also in 2009, a team led by Dr. John Davies, of the Institute of Biomaterials and Biomedical Engineering at the University of Toronto, was the first in the world to isolate special stem cells, known as mesenchymal stem cells, and perform experiments showing that they could be used to regenerate specific types of human tissue. The cells themselves came from the umbilical cord tissue of newborn babies. 
In 2008 the federal also donated $100 million for research to the Cancer Stem Cell Consortium, a group of Canadian and US researchers, that includes Genome Canada, the Canadian Institutes for Health Research and the Canadian Foundation for Innovation, for a three-year project into the prevention and treatment of cancer.
Genomics and the closely related proteomics have become the leading fields for biological research in recent years. In 2000 the government of Canada created Genome Canada to conduct research in these fields. This organization is composed of six centres, Genome British Columbia, in Vancouver, Genome Alberta in Calgary, Genome Prairie in Saskatoon and Winnipeg, the Ontario Genomics Institute in Toronto, Genome Quebec in Montreal and Genome Atlantic in Halifax. These centres conduct genomic and proteomic research in such fields as human health, agriculture, forestry, the environment and the fisheries.
Proteomics research received a boost in 2008 when Canada's most powerful research computer an IBM supercomputer was installed in Toronto. The $20 million machine, about the size of an SUV, can make 12.5 trillion computations per second and will be used for proteomics research by the Ontario Cancer Institute, the Princess Margaret Hospital (specializing in cancer) and the University Health Network.
A new field, metabolomics, has generated much recent interest. The logical next step after genomics, which studies the plan for protein construction and proteomics, which studies the manufacture of the proteins themselves from that plan, metabolomics studies the metabolic molecules produced by those proteins in an organism. After receiving a $7.5 million grant from Genome Canada and Genome Alberta, the University of Alberta in Edmonton began the Human Metabolome Project in 2005 with the goal of identifying, quantifying and cataloguing all metabolites in human tissue and biofluids. By 2008 about 2500 metabolites of an estimated total of 2900 had been identified and catalogued. This information is of use in clinical chemistry, newborn screening, toxicology, pharmacology and transplant monitoring among other things.
Heart disease research has also grown throughout this period. One organization of note is the Canadian Heart Research Institute founded in 1996, as a not-for-profit academic research organization in Toronto, which specializes in the organization and conduct of clinical trials. In 2001 the Canadian Institutes of Health Research awarded $24.4 million for 61 projects related to cardiac research across Canada.
Cancer research in Canada was reinforced through the establishment of the privately funded Campbell Family Institute for Breast Cancer Research (The Campbell Family Institute), rated as one of the top five cancer research facilities in the world, at the Princess Margaret Hospital in Toronto in June 2004.
Research into spinal cord injury received a boost in 2008 with the establishment of the Blusson Spinal Cord Centre at the Vancouver General Hospital. The largest facility of its type in the world, it is home to more than 300 scientists and technicians working to find ways to repair spinal cord damage.
The Public Health Agency of Canada in Ottawa, Ontario is also a significant player in health research and has a number of facilities that conduct medical research including: the Centre for Chronic Disease Prevention and Control and the Centre for Infectious Disease Prevention and Control, both in Ottawa, and the Laboratory for Foodborn Zoonoses in Guelph, Ontario. Of particular note is the National Microbiology Laboratory (NML) in Winnipeg, Manitoba, with its level-4 biohazard containment and research facilities. In 2009, scientists at the NML were the first in the world to decode the genetic sequence for the H1N1 flu virus.
Founded in 2001 and affiliated with the University of Ottawa and the Ottawa Hospital, the Ottawa Health Research Institute has become one of Canada's most important medical research organizations. With more than 325 scientists, 300 students, 625 support staff and an annual budget of $54 million (2004–05), the institute conducts research related to a wide variety of ailments including, cancer, diabetes, heart disease, kidney disease and muscular dystrophy.
With a staff of more than 600, the Robarts Research Institute was established in 1986 at the University of Western Ontario as a non-profit medical research centre. The Institute's activities target a variety of serious medical conditions including, heart disease and stroke, diabetes, Alzheimer’s and cancer. Research at the Institute led to the recommendation that the risk of stroke can be reduced by taking a daily dose of aspirin.
The importance of transferring scientific discovery to the business sector has continued to grow in recent years and a number of 2007 medical "Centres of Excellence for Commercialization and Research (CECR)", with significant corporate funding, have been established to facilitate this task. MaRS, (MaRS Discovery District) the largest in the field, located in Toronto, consists of researchers at the University of Toronto, the major hospitals in the city and two dozen other research organizations. Others medical CECRs include the Pan-Provincial Vaccine Enterprise, (Saskatoon), the Centre of Excellence in Personalized Medicine, (Montreal), the Institute for Research in Immunology and Cancer, (Montreal), the Centre for Drug Research and Development, (Vancouver), the Centre for the Prevention of Epidemic Organ Failure, (Vancouver), The Prostate Centre Transnational Research Initiative for Accelerated Discovery and Development, (Vancouver) and the Centre for Probe Development and Commercialization, (Hamilton).
After a number of complex corporate changes over a period of 30 years, Connaught Laboratories emerged in 2004 as Sanofi pasteur with modern facilities focusing on vaccine research, in Toronto. Ongoing projects include the $350 million 10-year Cancer Vaccine Programme with possible treatments for melanoma, colorectal cancer and breast cancer as well as investigations into vaccines for HIV, pheumococcal infection and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV).
Extensive medical research programmes are also undertaken by a number of other private companies including: Pfizer Canada Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Inc., Merck Frosst Canada Ltd. (Merck & Co), Biovail Corporation, AstraZeneca Canada Inc., QLT Inc., MDS Inc., Vasogen Inc., Novartis Pharmaceuticals Canada Inc., Wyeth Pharmaceuticals and Neurochem Inc.
In 2008, the Biovail Corporation announced plans to invest $600 million over a five-year period to develop drugs for the treatment of neurological conditions such as epilepsy, multiple sclerosis and Parkinson's disease.
Canadian Blood Services, a not for profit organization founded in 1998 after a reorganization of the Canadian Red Cross, manages the supply of Canada's medical blood and blood products and ensures the highest standards for Canadian transfusion medical research and development.
International cooperation in medical research has become important technique in dealing with the understanding of severe diseases such as cancer. Starting in 2008, Canada, through the Ontario Institute for Cancer Research in Toronto, will lead the International Cancer Genome Consortium, a research project involving nine other countries, that will hunt for the genetic mutations that are the basis for 50 types of cancer. The Canadian contribution includes the investigation of the genetic basis for pancreatic cancer as well and the computer storage and manipulation of the data for the project.
The Multiple Sclerosis Society of Canada announced in 2009 the establishment of a network of five research centres, one each in the five regions of Canada. The centres, each with links to regional teaching hospitals and universities, will search for a cure for that disease.
The Canadian Foundation for AIDS Research, established in Toronto in 1987, conducts studies related to finding a cure for this disease.
A unique development relating mostly to the field of medical and biological research is the creation, by the City of Toronto, of the Discovery District in recognition of the high geographical concentration of research facilities in these fields, in the area bounded by Bloor Street in the north, Bay Street in the east, Dundas Street in the south and Spadina Avenue in the west. The 2.5 kilometer square district is home to one of the largest concentrations of research institutions in the world, including Donnelly Centre for Cellular and Bio-Molecular Research, the new Leslie Dan Faculty of Pharmacy, MaRS, the Ontario Institute for Cancer Research, the Samuel Lunenfeld Research Institute of Mount Sinai Hospital, St. Michael’s Hospital, Sunnybrook Research Institute, SickKids – The Hospital for Sick Children Research Institute, University Health Network (UHN) Research, the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, the University of Toronto, the Faculty of Nursing, University of Toronto, Women’s College Hospital, Ryerson University and York University.
Cognitive science.
Certain types of problems and phenomena are so complex that they are not easily studied or understood through the lens of one scientific discipline. A combination of disciplines or multidisciplinary approach is more helpful in such cases. Cognitive science, which attempts to explain the nature the human mind, including consciousness, cognition and intelligence, arguably the most intractable phenomena in science, has inspired a number of such multidisciplinary research efforts.
The Institute for Cognitive Science, the first of its type in Canada, established at Carleton University, in Ottawa, in 2006, draws on the fields of psychology, philosophy, linguistics and computer science to conduct research into cognition. Other universities, including U of T, McGill, University of Calgary, UBC (the Institute for Computing, Information, and Cognitive Systems), Queens and York use a similar interdisciplinary approach to study cognition.
Artificial intelligence has become an important field of study and the computer science departments of all G-13 universities conduct research in this field. The Artificial Intelligence Research Group at the University of Waterloo investigates machine learning and reasoning under uncertainty, robotics, multi-agent systems, natural language understanding, computational vision and models of intelligent interaction. U of T is active in the fields of computational linguistics and natural language processing, knowledge representation and cognitive robotics, computational vision, and machine learning and neural networks. Of note is the research of Geoffrey Hinton regarding Boltzmann machines. Using the research of Hinton, Yoshua Bengio of the University of Montreal, along with others is attempting to create a mathematical model of consciousness.
The private sector is also involved in AI research. The Canadian Society for Computational Studies of Intelligence, established in 1987 and renamed the Canadian Artificial Intelligence Association in 2008, represents commercial businesses, including Acquired Intelligence Inc. of Victoria, B.C., AND Corporation and OAK Systems Development Corporation, both of Toronto and Applied AI Systems Inc. of Ottawa, which also approach the concept of intelligence from a computational perspective.
Since the 1980s, researcher Michael Persinger, at Laurentien University in Sudbury, Ontario, has conducted controversial experiments into the electromagnetic stimulation of an individual's temporal lobes. He claims that such stimulation induces a "religious" experience.
NeuroScience Canada, founded in 1990, funds multidisciplinary neurological research for the study of chronic pain, cognitive impairment and neurotrauma among other things. In 2008, Dr. Bruce McNaughton was the first to receive the $20 million Alberta Heritage Foundation for Medical Research, Polaris Award. He will undertake studies in the field of computational neuroscience at the Canadian Centre for Behavioural Neuroscience at the University of Lethbridge.
All G-13 universities have departments of philosophy with doctorate level staff members conducting research related to the philosophy of the mind. The work of Dr. Paul R. Thagard, at the University of Waterloo, with respect to cognitive functions and coherence, is of note. Charles Taylor (philosopher), of McGill University in Montreal has studied consciousness within the context of European/Hegelianism. Zenon Pylyshyn a psychologist and computer scientist at the University of Western Ontario from 1964 to 1994 has made significant contributions to cognitive science. Other Canadian born and educated cognitive scientists have made their mark in the US including, David Kirsh, John Robert Anderson (psychologist), Keith Holyoak and Steven Pinker.
Founded in 1991 at the University of British Columbia, in Vancouver, the Peter Wall Institute for Advanced Studies, represents a novel approach to research in Canada. Modelled after the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton in the US, the Institute uses the multidisciplinary technique to conduct research related to problems in the fields of science, social science and the humanities. The current director, Dianne Newell, is a professor of history.
Big science (1985–present).
Major post-war science facilities were closed down during this period, notably the Algonquin Park Radio Observatory and the tokamak reactor. In spite of cutbacks, a number of big new science projects were realized, including the Canadian Astronaut Programme, the Sudbury Neutrino Observatory in Sudbury, Ontario, the National Microbiological Laboratory in Winnipeg, the Canadian Light Source Syncrotron at the University of Saskatoon in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan and the National Institute for Nanotechnology in Edmonton, Alberta.
At the beginning of the 21st century due to financial restraints, token funding efforts were made to give Canada a place with the construction and operation of the Gemini astronomical telescopes and the Large Hadron Collider in Geneva. Canada's participation in the international fusion reactor project was cancelled. Funding restraints also disrupted the supply of medical isotopes produced at Chalk River in 2007 and Canadian astronaut and former head of the Canadian Space Agency Marc Garneau called for the creation of a national space policy to revive Canada's flagging space programme.
Nobel Laureates and other scientists of note (1985–present).
A number of Nobel prizes were awarded to Canadian scientists during this time of restraint including: John C. Polanyi, (Chemistry, 1986), Sidney Altman, (Chemistry, 1989), Richard E. Taylor, (Physics, 1990), Rudolph Marcus, (Chemistry, 1992), Michael Smith, (Chemistry, 1993), Bertram N. Brockhouse, (Physics, 1994), William Vickrey, (Economic Sciences, 1996), Myron Scholes, (Economics, 1997), Robert Mundell, (Economics, 1999), Willard Boyle, (Physics, 2009), and Ralph M. Steinman, (Physiology or Medicine, 2011)
Other scientists of note include Lee Smolin of the Perimeter Institute and Stuart Kauffman at the University of Calgary's Institute for Biocomplexity and Informatics.
Canadian scientific research today.
In recent years, the Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada has published two reports, entitled "Momentum", on the state of Canadian university research, one in 2005 and the other, an update, in 2008.
In 2007 university research accounted for about 40% of all research spending in Canada while scientific research in government laboratories accounted for about 10%. That same year, C$10.4 billion, was invested in university research and it is estimated that this research contributed about C$60 billion to the Canadian economy.
Canada's performance in the field of science is mixed. For example, with respect to scientific publications, in 2008 Canada ranked sixth in the world in the absolute number of scientific papers published and their frequency of citation. On the other hand, with respect to basic infrastructure such as computing power, Canada in 2007 was home to only two out of 500 of the world's supercomputers. Furthermore the government of Canada has not funded the construction of a new observatory since 1978.
Spending on scientific research and development in the 2009 Federal budget sent mixed signals. On one hand, total spending amounts to more than $10 billion in the 2009–2010 fiscal year, about the same as the previous year and there was an announcement of spending on new research infrastructure and the renovation of existing infrastructure. This included $2 billion to repair and upgrade universities, $750 million for modernization of research infrastructure through the Canada Foundation for Innovation, $500 million to Canada Health Infoway, 
$250 for maintenance of federal laboratories, $225 million to provide broadband Internet coverage to rural communities, $87 million to upgrade arctic research facilities and $50 million for the Institute for Quantum Computing at the University of Waterloo,
On the other hand there were spending cuts to the scientific research granting agencies, including $147.9 million from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research, the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada and the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada. Furthermore $27.7 million was cut from the National Research Council of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18401374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401374" title="Stop and Smell the Roses (Mac Davis song)">
Stop and Smell the Roses (Mac Davis song)

"Stop and Smell the Roses" is the title of a 1974 song (see 1974 in music) by the American singer-songwriter Mac Davis. The song was written by Davis and the noted bandleader and trumpeter Doc Severinsen.
Released as a single from his album of the same name (not to be confused with the album released in 1981 by Ringo Starr), the song "Stop and Smell the Roses" became Davis' second Top 10 hit on the U.S. pop chart, where it peaked at #9 in the fall of 1974. The song remained in the Top 40 for ten weeks. On the U.S. adult contemporary chart, "Stop and Smell the Roses" became the singer's second #1 hit, following "Baby, Don't Get Hooked on Me". On the U.S. country music chart, where Davis has enjoyed considerable success, the song reached #40. Also that year, Henson Cargill took a rendition to #29 on the same chart.
Severinsen was best known as the bandleader on the NBC late-night talk show "The Tonight Show". Davis was an occasional guest on the show, and during this time the two became acquainted. Following an appearance on the show, Severinsen approached Davis with the idea of recording a song that included the phrase "stop and smell the roses", since he had recently heard the phrase from a physician. Soon after, Davis vacationed in Hawaii and wrote the song, crediting Severinsen as a co-writer for giving him the idea. Severinsen was quoted as saying that Davis "could have gone ahead and written the song and not done that."
The lyrics to the song advise that while it is often necessary to forsake family obligations and pleasurable activities in order to succeed professionally, everyone should make sure that they take some time to "stop and smell the roses along the way".

</doc>
<doc id="18401381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401381" title="Emory Parnell">
Emory Parnell

Emory Parnell (December 29, 1892 – June 22, 1979) was an American vaudevillian and actor who appeared in over 250 films in his 36 year career. Nicknamed "The Big Swede", Parnell (who was sometimes credited as "Emery" or "Parnel") was married to Effie Laird, and they had two children together, one of whom, James Parnell, also became an actor.
Career.
Parnell trained as a musician at Morningside College, a Methodist institution in Sioux City, Iowa, and spent his early years as a concert violinist. He performed on the Chautauqua and Lyceum circuits until 1930, when he relocated to Detroit, Michigan, to narrate and act in commercial and industrial films. Seeking better opportunities in Hollywood, Parnell and his wife moved to Los Angeles, California, where, helped by his red-faced Irish look of frustration, he immediately began to appear in films in a variety of role, such as policemen, doormen, landlords, and small town businessmen.
Although his appearances were often in "B" films, such as the "Ma and Pa Kettle" series, he also made credible showings in "A" films as well. One notable part was as a Paramount studio executive who sang about avoiding libel suits to open 1941's "Louisiana Purchase". Parnell was also part of writer-director Preston Sturges' unofficial "stock company" of character actors in the 1940s, appearing in five of Sturges' films, including "The Miracle of Morgan's Creek", where he played the crooked banker, "Mr. Tuerck", the chief antagonist of William Demarest's "Constable Kockenlocker". He also made a memorable appearance as grumpy socialite Ajax Bullion in the Three Stooges short subject "All the World's a Stooge.
In May 1949, Parnell appeared on Broadway for the first and only time, in the play "Mr. Adam", which ran for only five performances. In the 1950s, Parnell began to appear on television in both dramatic shows and situation comedies in roles similar to those that he had played in films. He portrayed William Bendix's factory foreman "Hank Hawkins" on "The Life of Riley", and the character "Bill Anders" on five episodes of the ABC/Warner Brothers western series, "Maverick". He appeared on the ABC/WB series, "The Alaskans", with Roger Moore, and a related NBC even shorter series, "Klondike," with James Coburn and Ralph Taeger. He was cast in an episode of the NBC family drama, "National Velvet". He also appeared in a 1964 episode of "Perry Mason" as Leo Mann, an angry investor, titled "The Case of the Latent Lover."
Later years.
Parnell's last acting appearance on television was in as a prospector on CBS's "Gunsmoke". His last film role was as a bartender in the 1973 film, "Girls on the Road". His final public appearance came in , when he and his wife were interviewed by TV talk-show host Tom Snyder along with other residents of the Motion Picture Country Home and Hospital.
Death.
Parnell died of a heart attack in 1979 at age 86.

</doc>
<doc id="18401389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401389" title="Chillán conurbation">
Chillán conurbation

Chillán conurbation or Gran Chillán ("Greater Chillan") is a Chilean conurbation formatted for the communes of Chillan and Chillán Viejo in Ñuble Province in Biobio Region. It has a population of 205,000 inhabitants according to the 2012 pre census.

</doc>
<doc id="18401396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401396" title="Invention in Canada">
Invention in Canada

This article outlines the history of Canadian technological invention. Technologies chosen for treatment here include, in rough order, transportation, communication, energy, materials, industry, public works, public services (health care), domestic/consumer and defence technologies. 
The terms chosen for the "age" described below are both literal and metaphorical. They describe the technology that dominated the period of time in question but are also representative of a large number of other technologies introduced during the same period. Also of note is the fact that the period of invention of a technology can begin modestly and can extend well beyond the "age" of its introduction. To maintain continuity, the complete treatment of an invention is dealt with in the context of its dominant "age". 
The Stone Age: Fire 14,000 BC – AD 1600.
The first innovators and inventors in Canada were, not surprisingly, the native peoples who arrived here 14,000 years ago. They innovated techniques to survive in a very new and mostly hostile environment. This involved new ways to obtain food, create clothing and travel across a huge territory. Notable inventions included the canoe, snowshoe, igloo and pemmican. The west coast natives innovated construction techniques that included the use of heavy timber and eastern tribes developed sedentary agricultural techniques.
The Age of Sail: Ships, symbolic language, and the wheel (1600 – 1830).
The arrival of the Europeans provided a new impetus for innovation and invention. 
The first metal works, Les Forges de St. Maurice developed metal products for colonial use. Along with the Royal Dockyards of 1666 and 1746, in Quebec City, they constituted the first groupings of skilled industrial labourers working in teams to solve the problems related to the construction of complex structures.
Techniques to improve fishing and the cutting and the transport of timber were refined. There were innovations in cultivation techniques to deal with the cold climate.
The Steam Age: Trains, telegraphs, water, and oil (1830 – 1880).
This era ushered in experimentation with the design of steam powered locomotives and ships. 
It was via the paddle-powered steam boat that steam power was first introduced to Canada. The "Accommodation", a side-wheeler built entirely in Montreal by the Eagle Foundry and launched in 1809, was the first steamer to ply Canadian waters, making its maiden voyage from Montreal to Quebec that same year in 36 hours.
The building of large wooden ocean-going sailing vessels became a hugely successful undertaking in the Maritimes in the latter half of the nineteenth century due to innovative construction techniques and designs. 
Sandford Fleming invented standard time. 
In 1844, in Nova Scotia, Charles Fenerty invented newsprint made from woodpulp and Abraham Gesner invented kerosene in Halifax in 1846.
Thomas Willson innovated techniques for the production of acetylene. Experiments in X-ray technology were conducted at RMC in Kingston, Ontario. Henry Ruttan improved techniques for the heating and ventilation of buildings and railway cars. In the United States, Canadian James Lee invented the rifle magazine.
The Electric Age: Light, telephones, heavy manufacturing, skyscrapers and central heating (1880 – 1920).
Matthew Evans and Henry Woodward (inventor) invented and patented the incandescent electric light in Toronto in 1874 and later sold the patent to Edison. This would become the basis for his renowned endeavours with electric lighting. Thomas Willson invented the electric arc light during this period. 
The year 1876 saw Alexander Graham Bell invent the telephone. Bell (a Scot by birth) had a family home in Canada at the time, but conducted much of his work in a rented laboratory in Boston. World-shaking experiments in trans-oceanic wireless communication conducted by Guglielmo Marconi in Newfoundland and Cape Breton. In the US, Canadian Reginald Fessenden conducted investigations into what is now called FM broadcasting. Canadian Frederick Creed invented the teleprinter in 1902. 
As listed in an alternate wiki page, "Brantford is sometimes known by the nickname The Telephone City as former city resident Alexander Graham Bell conducted the first distant telephone call from the community to Paris, Ontario in 1876."
Charles C. Barnes of Sackville, New Brunswick invented the rotary vane pump and patented the device on June 16, 1874.
Inventive Canadian chemists specializing in the field of electrochemistry during this period included W.T. Gibbs, T.L.Wilson and E.A. LeSeur. 
In 1907, the invention by researcher Charles E. Saunders of genetically modified Marquis wheat with its hardy growing characteristics helped overcome retarded growing conditions on the prairies. 
Alexander Graham Bell undertook experiments in aviation and high speed water craft on Bras d'Ors Lakes in Nova Scotia. It was here that Canada's first heavier than air machine, the AEA Silver Dart, took to the air in 1909. 
Peter Robertson invented the square headed Robertson screwdriver in Milton, Ontario in 1908.
Killing Machines I: Artillery and machine guns (1914 – 1918).
WWI invention and innovations included the variable pitch propeller, developed by Wallace Rupert Turnbull, the gas mask, invented by Dr. Cluny MacPherson of the Royal Newfoundland Regiment, the "Nissen Hut", invented by Peter Norman Nissen in 1916, the Curtiss Canada bomber and the ill-starred Ross rifle. Attempts were made to convert the latter to what became known as the Huot automatic rifle but the war ended before it could be introduced.
The Automobile Age: Cars, planes and radios (1920 – 1950).
In the early twentieth century, several dozen individuals and small businesses located mostly in southern Ontario experimented with snowblower innovation. One of these, Samuel McLaughlin of Oshawa, eventually became the basis for General Motors of Canada. S. L. C. Coleman of Fredericton, New Brunswick invented the sway bar, a device to improve the suspension of automobiles, in 1919. The dump truck was invented in Saint John, New Brunswick in 1920 by Robert T. Mawhinney. In Montreal Alexis Nihon invented the tubeless tire. 
It was within this context that Joseph Bombardier in Quebec invented his automobile for the snow or "snowmobile" and founded the Bombardier company. This corporation would become a giant of Canadian industrial research in the latter part of the century. In 1925, Arthur Sicard of Sainte-Thérèse, Quebec, invented the snow blower. 
Experiments with electrical sound recording by microphone were undertaken by Horace Owen (born Hamilton, Ontario, 1888 died Ottawa 1972) and Lionel Guest in 1919. 
This period also saw the development of the "batteryless" radio in Toronto by Edward S. Rogers, Sr. and further innovations in radio by Canadian Marconi Company in Montreal. Experiments in television transmission were conducted there by Alphonse Ouimet in Montreal in 1932. In 1937, Donald Higgs invented what would become the Walkie-talkie.
On the domestic scene, Herbert McCool invented Easy-Off Oven Cleaner in Regina in 1932 and Frederick F. Tisdall, M.D., T. G. H. Drake, M.B., Pearl Summerfeldt, M.B., and Alan Brown, M.B. of the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto, invented pablum in 1930. 
Eli Franklin Burton along with students James Hillier, Cecil Hall and Albert Prebus 
invented the electron microscope at the University of Toronto in 1938 and Hugh Le Caine invented the music synthesizer in 1945. The forties also saw Frank Forward invent techniques for refining nickel and cobalt. 
However in terms of scale, nothing could match the giant of Canadian innovation throughout the late 19th and first half of the 20th century, the Canadian Pacific Angus Locomotive Works of Montreal. This huge enterprise designed, developed and built many of the steam engines for the great Canadian Pacific Railway Company.
Killing Machines II: Bombers, tanks, corvettes and radar (1939 – 1945).
WWII saw science and industry harnessed to fight the enemy. The National Research Council (NRC), created during WWI to advise the government on industrial research, grew exponentially as did Canadian war industries. A tight bond was formed between the two. 
The NRC itself helped develop radar, the proximity fuse, the explosive RDX, high velocity artillery, fire control computers and submarine detection equipment among other things. The NRC Examination Unit innovated in the field of cryptology. The NRC's Atomic Energy Project ushered in the Atomic Age with the development of the world's most powerful research reactor (NRX), as well as the start-up of the first reactor outside the United States (ZEEP), at its Chalk River Nuclear Laboratories (see below).
The Crown Corporation, Turbo Research (Orenda) a top secret jet engine development enterprise was established in 1944 at Leaside, near Toronto to develop jet power plants including the TR.1, TR.2, TR.3, and TR.5, for RCAF aircraft. 
Enterprises such as the Ford Motor Company of Canada developed and built special purpose military transport vehicles. Polymer Corporation of Sarnia, Ontario pioneered new types of synthetic rubber. Canadian Industries Limited in Montreal formulated new types of explosive and Canadian Marconi Company innovated in the new field of radar. Northern Telecom (Nortel) developed telecommunications equipment. Ship building companies on the east and west coast adapted US and British designs and construction techniques for the mass construction of ships. Wilbur R. Franks invented the aviation anti-blackout suit in Toronto and experiments in germ and chemical warfare were conducted at Grosse-Isle, Quebec and what is now CFB Suffield, Alberta. 
Specialized government businesses such as Research Enterprises Limited (1940), along with electronics firms like National Electric Company (NEC), developed and manufactured what would now be called "high tech" products, including optical systems and communications devices. 
Secret arrangements with Britain and the US, resulting from the Tizard Mission, saw Canadian industry participate in the development of the atomic bomb, notably through the innovation of uranium refining techniques. Under the aegis of the National Research Council, a top-secret nuclear laboratory was established at the University of Montreal in 1942. Subsequently the top-secret Chalk River Laboratories nuclear research facility was built at Chalk River, Ontario, and it was here that the ZEEP atomic pile went critical in 1945, making Canada the second country in the world after the US to build a nuclear reactor.
The Television Age: TV, nuclear weapons, atomic energy, and computers (1950 – 1980).
After the war a number of innovators including Electrohome of Kitchener, Ontario, offered televisions and entertainment systems to consumers. In the fifties Anthony Barringer invented INPUT, an electromagnetic device used for the aerial detection of mineral deposits. 
The Toronto area saw the creation of a naissant military industrial complex around the design of jet aircraft. AVRO Canada developed the Avro Canada Jetliner and the CF-100 jet fighter. The Orenda (Orenda Aerospace) jet engine factory developed jet power plants for the new aircraft. The scale of this undertaking grew dramatically with the development of the huge CF-105 long range high altitude interceptor and its associated Velvet Glove air-to -air missile and came crashing to the ground just as quickly when the project was cancelled in 1959. At the same time, with financing from the US, AVRO was developing the Avro Arrow Avrocar, a supersonic fighter based on a flying saucer design. However the project collapsed when the costs became unreasonably high.
East coast shipbuilders continued to innovate with the construction of new classes of warship such as the St. Laurent class destroyer and Restigouche class destroyer. The Royal Canadian Navy developed the innovative HMCS Bras d'Or (FHE 400) but the vessel was not introduced into service. In Ottawa, the Defence Research Board, with the support of industry developed Canada's first satellites the Alouette 1 and Alouette 2, as well as the Black Brant (rocket). In the sixties and seventies Gerald Bull experimented with long range artillery. Agent Orange (the herbicide) was tested by the US Army at Gagetown New Brunswick from the early fifties to the nineties. 
There were also developments in civil aviation. In the fifties De Havilland Canada developed bush planes and later in the sixties and seventies STOL aircraft. CAE innovated in the field of aircraft simulators and Pratt and Whitney Canada developed its signature PT-6 series of aircraft engines. Telesat Canada pioneered the development of the domestic Anik (satellite) series of spacecraft for communications. In the field of nuclear energy, Atomic Energy of Canada Limited, developed its CANDU series of atomic power reactors. 
Canola was developed in Canada from rapeseed during the seventies by Keith Downey and Baldur Stefansson and is used to produce oil that is low in erucic acid and glucosinolate It has become a major cash crop in North America. A strain of canola with additional modification that made it resistant to herbicide was introduced in Canada in 1996.
John Hopps invented the artificial pacemaker for heart patients, in Toronto in 1951 and Harold Elford Johns t Laboratories in Toronto innovated techniques for the mass production of the Salk vaccine. Nordion developed medical radio isotopes. 
Gerald Heffernan invented what is known as mini-mill steel manufacturing. In the US, Canadian Lewis Urry working for the Eveready Company invented the alkaline battery and lithium battery. Also in the US, Canadian Willard Boyle working at the Bell Labs invented the charge-coupled device (CCD) which became the key technology for digital photography and improved astronomical telescopes. 
Innovations in the pulp and paper industry have been made by the Forest Engineering Research Institute of Canada and the Pulp and Paper Research Institute of Canada, both located in Pointe-Claire, Quebec, Canada.
The PC Age: The Microchip and Mobile Communications (1980 – 2000).
The latter part of the twentieth century has been notable for developments in information technology, telecommunications and pharmaceuticals. 
Canadian companies were early innovators in the PC field with models like the Hyperion. AES developed the word processor. The federal government became involved with its Telidon video text service based on the (North American Presentation Level Protocol Syntax) NAPLPS standard. Chip makers, such as ATI Technologies, developed powerful video cards for computer games. Business intelligence, and cinematic special effects software products developed by companies like Alias Research (Alias Systems Corporation) of Toronto formed in 1983, have enjoyed great success, as have a number of consumer oriented offerings including Corel Draw, software by Delrina Corporation of Toronto and many electronic games. 
Northern Electric maintained its innovative pace, becoming Northern Telecom, and through part ownership in Bell-Northern Research became a leader in the development of digital switching and other communications technologies. 
Pharmaceutical companies such as Pfizer Canada Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Inc., Merck Frosst Canada Ltd., Biovail Corporation, AstraZeneca Canada Inc. and Sanofi pasteur Limited invested hundred of millions in drug research. 
Space research and development produced the Canadarm 1 and Canadarm2 for NASA and RADARSAT-1 and RADARSAT-2. The NRC and Hughes developed and build MSAT, the mobile communications satellite in 1995. 
Creative Canadians have also invented the IMAX cinema and improved deep diving suits, such as the Newtsuit developed in 1987 by Phil Nuytten. Ballard Power Systems in Vancouver has produced a number of innovations in fuel cell technology. Michael Brook invented the "Infinite Guitar" in 1987. 
Military innovations have included the Halifax class frigate, LAV III light armoured vehicle, Air Defense Anti-Tank System, the CRV-7 rocket and secure communications systems. The US Air Force tested cruise missiles in western Canada in the eighties.
The Internet Age: Wireless Technology, Mega Oil and Ecological Friendliness (2000 – Present).
In the early 2000's, the company BlackBerry Ltd, formally Research in Motion, which is based in Waterloo, Ontario, became a leader in smartphone technology with the introduction of BlackBerry brand of smartphones and tablets. Throughout the 2000's, competing smartphones were introduced which decreased BlackBerry's market share. In 2013, the company's share in the US personal consumer market was reduced to 3.8% In 2001, the Faculty of Engineering at the University of Sherbrooke created the Adaptive Multi-Rate Wideband (AMR-WB) speech compression algorithm. This technique has become the basis for the world standard in cell phone voice quality. 
The first web search programme, "Archie" (Archie search engine) was developed by Alan Emtage a student at McGill University in 1990. Early in the 21st century the internet reached its stride and contributed significantly to Canadian industrial research efforts through its use in the formation of networks such as CANARIE. Industrial software makers including Cognos and Open Text Corporation have had continued success in the field of business intelligence software and enterprise content management software, respectively. In 2007, D-Wave Systems a company located in Burnaby, British Columbia demonstrated the Orion, which it claims to be the world's first quantum computer. There are studies in quantum computing technology at the Institute for Quantum Computing, in Waterloo, Ontario.
In the field of pharmaceuticals and biotechnology, companies such as Apotex and Winnipeg based Cangene Corp., have become world leaders in the development of generic drugs and biopharmaceuticals respectively. 
In 2008, AECL introduced the Advanced CANDU Reactor (ACR-1000) atomic power reactor and Nordion the develop the unsuccessful Multipurpose Applied Physics Lattice Experiment (MAPLE) atomic reactor, intended for the production of medical isotopes. This cancellation was one of the factors leading to a shortage of medical isotopes in 2007 and 2009. 
The beginning of the 21st century is also notable for the rise of research in the field of nanotechnology. About 140 small to medium sized firms based in Vancouver, Calgary, Toronto, Ottawa and Montreal are researching products in this field, some privately funded and others supported by the National Institute for Nanotechnology in Edmonton. 
In 2008 the Zenn (zero emission no noise) light electric car, manufactured at Saint-Jerome, Quebec and the Nemo light electric truck built at Sainte-Therese, Quebec, were introduced to the Canadian and international market. 
Since 1998, the Mars Society has experimented with procedures related to the establishment of human life on Mars at its simulated base located at Haughton Lake on Devon Island. In 2008, Odessey Moon, based on the Isle of Man announced plans to build the Moon I (M-1) space craft with MacDonald Detwiller and Associated Ltd. of Richmond BC, as prime contractor, as a competitor in the Google Lunar X Prize Challenge. 
Military research in Canada has been championed by Defence Research and Development Canada, created in 2000 as the result of the reorganization of the Defence Research Board of Canada. 
The government of Canada has put into place tax programmes to encourage industrial R&D. Today industrial research accounts for about 50% of all research spending in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18401407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401407" title="Affane">
Affane

Affane () is a small village in west County Waterford, Ireland, situated not far from Cappoquin and the River Blackwater.
History.
The Battle of Affane between the Desmond and Ormonde clans was fought in the area in 1565.

</doc>
<doc id="18401419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401419" title="Habitual Criminals Act">
Habitual Criminals Act

A Habitual Criminals Act is an act where, after a certain number of convictions for certain crimes, dependent upon severity, a person is sentenced to an additional term ranging from a number of years to life imprisonment.
Example.
The State of Washington defines its habitual criminals act as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18401435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401435" title="2004 Oregon Ducks football team">
2004 Oregon Ducks football team


</doc>
<doc id="18401450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401450" title="The Bower">
The Bower

The Bower is an 1806 Federal style building in Jefferson County, West Virginia, USA. It was later remodeled with Gothic Revival features after a fire in 1892. The name appeared as early as 1753 when Major General Adam Stephen had a hunting lodge at this location. 
History.
A land grant from Lord Fairfax, General Stephen lived at "Bower Lodge" from 1753 to 1772, when he moved to his residence in Martinsburg, Virginia, a town he founded. The Bower was given to his daughter Ann Stephen and her husband Alexander Spottswood Dandridge, whose first cousin was Martha Dandridge Custis Washington. The property passed to Stephen's only grandchild, Adam Stephen Dandridge I, in 1791. Dandridge built the main house in 1806. In 1833 The Bower passed to Adam Stephen Dandridge II. 
During the American Civil War, Major General J.E.B. Stuart set up a headquarters at The Bower at Adam Stephen Dandridge II's invitation. His staff included Generals Wade Hampton and Fitzhugh Lee, as well as staff officer Heros von Borcke from September 28, 1862, to October 10, 1862. A horse bred at The Bower was given as a gift to General Lee to use when his primary mount, "Traveler," needed a rest. That horse was the well known "Lucy Long."
Novelist John Pendleton Kennedy visited The Bower in 1832, and based his novel "Swallow Barn" on his views of the estate. Danske Bedinger Dandridge, the wife of Adam Stephen Dandridge III lived at The Bower for a time before moving to Rose Brake. Her poetry appeared in The Century and Harpers.
In the early 20th century the house became a summer home for Bishop Edmund Pendleton Dandridge, Episcopal Bishop of Tennessee. The property remains in the same family today.

</doc>
<doc id="18401482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401482" title="Crisis negotiation">
Crisis negotiation

Crisis negotiation is a technique for law enforcement to communicate with people who are threatening violence, including barricaded subjects, hostage takers, stalkers, threats, workplace violence, or persons threatening suicide.
Hostage negotiation is a subset, involving negotiation with a person, or groups of persons, for the release of one or more hostages.
Modern hostage negotiation principles began in 1972 when, then New York City Police Detective and psychologist Harvey Schlossberg recognized the need for trained personnel in the intervention of hostage situations. Schlossberg had worked on the "Son of Sam" David Berkowitz case and had instituted other psychological principles in police work, including implementing psychological screening of police applicants, a now standard procedure in virtually all police agencies throughout the United States, and the use of hypnosis in police interviews of witnesses and suspects.
The first Hostage Negotiation Teams were often created as elements of Special Weapons and Tactics (SWAT) Teams and were often utilized simply to create a diversion or delay for the deployment of SWAT Teams. Hostage negotiation teams are often deployed in conjunction with SWAT Teams or sometimes independently.
The FBI Crisis Negotiation Unit and Singapore Police Force Crisis Negotiation Unit are examples of specialized units trained in these techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="18401494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401494" title="Patrick Byrne (Irish politician)">
Patrick Byrne (Irish politician)

Patrick Byrne (born 2 April 1925) is a retired Irish politician. An accountant by profession, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as an independent Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North–East constituency at a by-election on 30 April 1956.
His father Alfred Byrne was an MP, TD, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin. His brothers Thomas Byrne and Alfred P. Byrne were also TDs.

</doc>
<doc id="18401510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401510" title="James Alcock">
James Alcock

James E. Alcock (born 1942) has been a Professor of Psychology at York University (Canada) since 1973. Alcock is a noted critic of parapsychology and is a Fellow and Member of the Executive Council for the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. He is a member of the Editorial Board of "The Skeptical Inquirer", and a frequent contributor to the magazine. He has also been a columnist for "Humanist Perspectives" Magazine. In 1999, a panel of skeptics named him among the two dozen most outstanding skeptics of the 20th Century. In May, 2004 CSICOP awarded Alcock CSI's highest honor, the In Praise of Reason Award. Alcock is also an amateur magician and is a member of the International Brotherhood of Magicians.
Career.
James Alcock was chosen as a fellow of the Canadian Psychological Association for making "a distinguished contribution to the advancement of the science or profession of psychology".
Skepticism.
In his first television appearance in 1974, Alcock appeared on the TVOntario magazine show, "The Education of Mike McManus," in Toronto. He sat on a panel discussing current paranormal research with a parapsychologist and a psychic healer. When asked if he was closed-minded to the possibility of psi, Alcock responded that there is no good research out there that would change his position. "The experiments that have been done... are filled with flaws... they just don't satisfy the canons of science. Until the parapsychologists can present evidence that satisfies the criteria of science there's nothing to investigate, there's no phenomenom there."
In 1976, Alcock attended the organizing conference at which the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal was founded and was invited to be a Fellow of CSICOP at that time. He was appointed to the Executive Council a few years later.
A long time member of the Skeptic's Toolbox faculty, Alcock lectures at the 4-day workshop that teaches attendees critical thinking skills that they can use in their daily lives. Alcock told a The Register-Guard reporter who attended the 2003 conference, "Science has many voices... We encourage people to listen to scientific evidence, but how (in the case of expert testimony in American courts) do we determine who to listen to?" And in the case of printed media, "There are lots of things published that are sheer nonsense." Learning to evaluate evidence is why workshops like the Toolbox are important.
In October 2004 Alcock spoke at the World Skeptics Congress in Italy. As a member of the executive council of CFI, he addressed the opening session of the 2012 6th World Skeptic Congress in Berlin. He outlined the history of the modern skeptical movement as begun by CSICOP in April, 1976 in Buffalo, NY.
The San Francisco Chronicle asked Alcock to comment on EVP's and ghost-hunter instruments. He suggested "several explanations for so-called voices from the dead. One theory is that the recording devices are picking up snatches of radio broadcasts. Another is called 'apophenia,' which means that people tend to perceive patterns even when there are none. If we play the same piece of tape over and over ... we maximize the opportunity for the perceptual apparatus in our brain to 'construct' voices that do not exist."
Robert Jahn.
In a systematic review of all parapsychological research involving random event generators, several important methodological problems became evident, and these problems were of such a serious nature that one could not have any confidence in the results and conclusions of the various studies. Much of that research was carried out in the Princeton University Anomalies Research (PEAR) laboratory of Robert Jahn, then Dean of that university's Engineering faculty. In addition to these serious methodological concerns, came the finding that if one were to remove the data related to one particular participant, the results of the study were no longer statistically significant. Moreover, the fact that the participant was the individual who set up and oversaw the research for Dr. Jahn naturally rang alarm bells.
The null hypothesis.
In 2003 James Alcock published "Give the Null Hypothesis a Chance: Reasons to Remain Doubtful about the Existence of Psi", where he claimed that parapsychologists never seem to take seriously the possibility that psi does not exist. Because of that, they interpret null results as indicating only that they were unable to observe psi in a particular experiment, rather than taking it as support for the possibility that there is no psi. The failure to take the null hypothesis as a serious alternative to their psi hypotheses leads them to rely upon a number of arbitrary "effects" to excuse failures to find predicted effects, excuse the lack of consistency in outcomes, and to excuse failures to replicate.
Basic endemic problems in parapsychological research include amongst others: insufficient definition of the subject matter, total reliance on negative definitions of their phenomena (E.g.- psi is said to occur only when all known normal influences are ruled out); failure to produce a single phenomenon that can be independently replicated by neutral researchers; the invention of "effects" such as the psi-experimenter effect to explain away inconsistencies in the data and failures to achieve predicted outcomes; unfalsifiability of claims; unpredictability of effects; lack of progress in over a century of formal research; methodological weaknesses; reliance on statistical procedures to determine when psi has supposedly occurred, even though statistical analysis does not in itself justify a claim that psi has occurred; and failure to jibe with other areas of science. Overall, he argues that there is nothing in parapsychological research that would ever lead parapsychologists to conclude that psi does not exist, and so, even if it does not, the search is likely to continue for a long time to come. "I continue to believe that parapsychology is, at bottom, motivated by belief in search of data, rather than data in search of explanation."
The Bem experiments.
A flurry of media attention was directed toward the publication of Daryl Bem’s research paper "Feeling the Future: Experimental Evidence for Anomalous Retroactive Influences on Cognition and Affect". James Alcock responded with his paper "Back from the Future: Parapsychology and the Bem Affair" by stating, "Bem has reported data suggesting that individuals’ future experiences can influence their responses in the present. Careful scrutiny of his report reveals serious flaws in procedure and analysis, rendering this interpretation untenable."
After evaluating Daryl Bem's 9 experiments, Alcock claimed to have found metaphorical "dirty test tubes", serious methodological flaws such as changing the procedures partway through the experiments and combining results of tests with different chances of significance. The amount of actual tests done is unknown and no explanation of how it was determined that participants had "settled down" after seeing erotic images was given. Alcock concludes that almost everything that could go wrong with these 9 separate experiments did go wrong. Bem's response to Alcock's critique appeared online at the Skeptical Inquirer website and Alcock replied to these comments in a third article at the same website.
Personal life.
Married to Karen Hanley. Son Erik Alcock is a professional musician/songwriter; two of his songs were included on Eminem's Recovery album, the best-selling album of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18401524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401524" title="Nusret Çolpan">
Nusret Çolpan

Nusret Çolpan (October 1, 1952 – May 31, 2008) was a Turkish painter, architect and miniaturist, renowned for his paintings in Ottoman miniature style depicting cities around the world, particularly Istanbul. He painted over 300 miniatures in his 30 year career.
Life and Work.
Nusret Çolpan was born in 1952 in Bandirma; he attended high school in Zincirlikuyu Meslek Lisesi and worked as a waiter and at a newsstand. Çolpan's talent for painting was recognized before he moved to Istanbul. He became locally recognised for his microscopically detailed drawings of mosques on wooden spoons.
On the advice of Dr Suheyl Unver (to whom he was introduced by his uncle Ali Oztaylan) he studied in the Department of Architecture at Yildiz Technical University. There he was taught by Unver and Azade Akar, two of the leading authorities in Turkish illumination and miniature painting of the time.
Subsequently he worked on Ottoman illumination in a small atelier with his closest friend Semih Irtes in the Fatih district.
He travelled extensively in Europe and, after his return to Turkey, married Husniye Çolpan in 1979. In the same year, he opened a small interior decoration atelier, also in Fatih, and continued to paint. An interview with him was published in the Wall Street Journal in 1980. At the same time, his paintings started to be known and appreciated more widely.
He painted over 250 watercolor miniatures, mostly of cities, such as New York, Istanbul, Bukhara, Medina, Konya, and featured in many exhibitions until the year 1999. In that year he painted eight miniatures for the 700th anniversary of the foundation of the Ottoman Empire.
In 1999, on the occasion of the opening of the Istanbul Metro, he started to work at very large scales (over 20 meters) in collaboration with Iznik Foundation, producing many paintings on tiles. They are currently displayed in Beykoz Ferry Harbour, Kadir Has University, Ministry of Religious Affairs, Turkish Airlines, and overseas in El Zabeel Park in Dubai, Canada, Thailand and Greece, making him known around the world. He continued to work into his last years. He also taught art in Cerrahpasa and at Yildiz.
Çolpan died of heart disease on May 31, 2008 in Istanbul.
Art.
Çolpan was inspired by Matrakci Nasuh, who lived during the period of Suleiman the Magnificent. Cities are the main subjects of most of Çolpan's paintings, but he also painted such subjects as Noah's Ark, the Battle of Preveza, the Fall of Constantinople and the Mevlana and Sema ceremonies.
Çolpan was notable for his use of spiral forms in many miniatures. He pioneered the painting of miniatures on tiles and in general revived the art of Turkish miniature painting after centuries of neglect.
Exhibitions.
Topkapı Palace
Press Museum
Atatürk Library
Municipality of Istanbul
Bandırma Art Center
Caferağa Medresesi
Cemal Reşit Rey Exhibition Hall
Tuğra Art Gallery
Ali Müfit Gürtuna Art Center
Kadir Has University
Taksim Art Gallery
Bursa Teyyare Culture Center

</doc>
<doc id="18401538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401538" title="Artashen">
Artashen

Artashen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18401565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401565" title="Arindzh">
Arindzh

Arindzh or Aryndzh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18401574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401574" title="Morris Berthold Abram">
Morris Berthold Abram

Morris Berthold Abram (June 19, 1918 – March 15, 2000) was an American lawyer, civil rights activist, and president of Brandeis University.
Biography.
Abram was born into a Jewish family, the son of an Romanian immigrant, Sam Abram, and a German mother, Irene Cohen. He grew up in the small town of Fitzgerald, Georgia. He attended the University of Georgia, where he excelled academically. At UGA, he was a member of the Phi Kappa Literary Society and graduated (reportedly) with the highest grade-point average in the school's history at that time. Abram then earned a law degree from the University of Chicago Law School. Although Abram was forced to forgo a Rhodes scholarship because of the Second World War, he later attended Oxford University and earned a master's degree there.
As a civil rights activist, Abram was instrumental in ending the County Unit System of voting in Georgia, which many argued favored Georgia's rural, white population at the expense of its more urban black population. Abram was deeply affected by the Holocaust and later became an ardent supporter of Jewish causes.
In his long and distinguished legal career, Abram held a variety of high level positions, among them chief counsel of the Peace Corps and partner at the New York law firm Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison. He was President of Brandeis from 1968-1970. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1969.
President Bush appointed Abram as the Representative of the United States to the European Office of the United Nations and he served in that office 1989–93.
In 1993 he founded UN Watch while he was Honorary President of the American Jewish Committee. 
After being diagnosed with cancer, Abram published a memoir titled "The Day is Short". He died of a viral infection on March 15, 2000 in Geneva.
He had five children, Ruth, Annie, Morris, Adam, and Joshua Abram.
Influences.
Ambassador Morris Abram, a member of the U.S. staff at the Nuremberg Tribunal and later involved in the drafting of the Fourth Geneva Convention, is on record as stating that the convention:
"was not designed to cover situations like Israeli settlements in the occupied territories, but rather the forcible transfer, deportation or resettlement of large numbers of people." 

</doc>
<doc id="18401581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401581" title="Life Festival">
Life Festival

Life Festival is an annual Irish music festival held in Belvedere House and Gardens in Westmeath, Ireland, with arts activities and street performers, from jugglers, fire breathers to magicians. There is a healing area for massage, yoga workshops and reiki.
Life Festival.
Life Festival originated from the Glade arena at Glastonbury, kicking off with emerging artists DJ Sensor & MC Feedback hosting a day of Drum & Bass. Since becoming a festival in its own right in 2004 it has gone on to become regarded as the premier underground electronic music event in Ireland. 
Events.
2006 event was held at Charleville Castle, around 500 people attended.
2007 and 2008 event held in Lough Cutra Castle (Gort – Galway), capacity increased to 2000 people.
2009 festival took place from 16–19 July 2009. Tickets cost £125 for the weekend, and tickets sold out on 14 July.The location for 2009's festival was Lough Cutra Castle. By moving to the new location (closer to Dublin), Life festival started to grow in attendance numbers.
2010 festival took place 29–31 May at Belvedere House Park and Gardens (Mullingar – Co. WestMeath).
2011 tickets went on sale on 12 January 2011. The festival took place on 27–29 May 2011. 
2012 festival took place on the 25th to 27 May 2012, at Belvedere house.
2013 festival took place on the 24th to 26 May 2013, at Belvedere House. 
Change of site.
Life festival has moved venue four times. Started in Charleville Castle (2006) then Lough Cutra Castle (Gort, Co. Galway) during 2007–2008, Ballinlough Castle (2009) and its home Belvedere House (Mullingar, Co. WestMeath) 2010–, 2011, 2012, 2013.
Festival director Fernando Martin confirmed on 17 February 2013 that despite the rumours venue remains at Belvedere House, Park &Gardens.
Music.
The festival's music genre is a mix of traditional music instruments backed with an electronic pulse, including live bands and Electronica: Psytrance, Dubstep, Drum&Bass, Techno, Reggae, Dub, Electro, Breaks, Minimal, and Progressive. 
External links.
http://www.life-festival.com/index.php/line-up/
http://www.redbull.ie/cs/Satellite/en_IE/Article/RBMA-Life-Festival-Review-021243347922122

</doc>
<doc id="18401584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401584" title="Somewhere in Dreamland">
Somewhere in Dreamland

Somewhere in Dreamland was a 1936 film based on the titular song. This film was part of Max Fleischer's Color Classics series. The film was directed by Dave Fleischer, and produced by his brother Max Fleischer. Animation was by Flaischer veterans Seymour Kneitel and Roland Crandall.
Plot.
A young brother and sister carry a wagon with pieces of wood, gathering them for their stove. They pass by five merchants' shops: a tinker's, a tailor's, a toy merchant's, a butcher's, and a baker's. The children see confectionaries at the window. They lick the window to pretend they're tasting the cupcakes. As he sees the children, the friendly baker comes out with cupcakes for them, but they already left. The merchants gather to make a plan because they want to help those poor children. The children reach home, and they are welcomed by their mother with a kiss. Then, they eat dinner: hard bread and flat water. The children eat quickly, with the boy saying "I'm still hungry, Ma." She then cries, because they are very poor, due to the Great Depression. The boy tries to make her feel better by assuring her that he was "only foolin'" and their mother kisses them good night. They get in their pyjamas, and they each sing a part of the song, as they fall asleep beneath their very tattered sheets. She turns off the candle light, and goes to bed so sadly.
In their sleep, they enter a land with a welcome sign, an arch of pillows with the word "Dreamland". They walk happily through the wondrous land, which includes trees where they can pick beautiful clothes and shoes, a syrup river, an ice cream cone field with lilies pouring chocolate and caramel syrups, an animal cracker carousel with doughnuts, a field of popcorn-making corn stalks accompanied of flowers filled with melt butter to dip the popcorn in, wonderful toys, and two luxurious beds. They laugh happily, and fall asleep, only to wake up the next morning. To their surprise, a large feast is on the kitchen table, provided by the Merchants. They ask, "All for us?" The merchants say, "All for you." They shout in joy, but the boy sticks a fork on his bottom, to check if they weren't dreaming again. The children then laugh as a chorus sings "Somewhere in Dreamland, tonight."

</doc>
<doc id="18401590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401590" title="2007 Buenos Aires 200km">
2007 Buenos Aires 200km

The 2007 200 km of Buenos Aires is the fourth edition of this race on the TC2000 season.
The race was held in the Autódromo Juan y Óscar Gálvez in Buenos Aires.
Report.
The driver pairing formed by Juan Manuel Silva and Ezequiel Bosio (Honda Petrobras) won the fourth edition of the Buenos Aires 200 km, which took place this Sunday in front of seventy-thousand spectators which filled the autodrome's grandstands and thoroughly enjoyed this motor racing festival.
Buenos Aires, October 7, 2007.- The driver pairing formed by Juan Manuel Silva and Ezequiel Bosio (Honda Petrobras) won the fourth edition of the Buenos Aires 200 km, which took place this Sunday in front of seventy-thousand spectators which filled the autodrome's grandstands and thoroughly enjoyed this motor racing festival.
Silva/Bosio put the perfect strategy to good use for a special event like this long-distance one, with included driver changes, and went on to claim victory followed by Carlos Bueno/Anthony Reid (Honda Lubrax) and Matías Rossi/Walter Hernández (Chevrolet Elaion).
In a race which included several key moments, the fight for the lead took place on the track and also in the pits. With great overtaking maneouvres and the driver changes which led to the eventual outcome. Also, this special event, which includes additional championship points, meant that Matías Rossi was able to extend his standings lead.
Right from the start, emotions ran high with slow start of Guillermo Ortelli, who was demoted to 5th by the two Ford Focus' of the works YPF-Ford team. Even so, everyone took care at the start, bearing in mind the length of the event. This led to there not being much overtaking during the first laps.
As the race progressed, the drivers who were doing the first stint (most of them being the cars' usual drivers in the series) began to push. This was the case of Gabriel Ponce de León, who overtook team-mate Martín Basso, while Christian Ledesma (Chevrolet Elaion) got past Emiliano Spataro (Renault TC2000 Team).
In the middle of the struggle, the Chevrolet drivers (Rossi and Ledesma) began duelling while reigning champion Rossi was trying to find a way past Basso, until the former's car went wide at a corner and at that moment Ledesma made his move and got alongside his team-mate. That's how they continued until reaching the Esses, with their cars practically making contact. Ledesma came out ahead.
Later, battling concentrated between Spataro and Ledesma on one hand, and Rossi and Basso on the other. That was until the safety car was deployed so that the car of Fabricio Benedetti could be removed to a safer place. The action began again on lap 25, only 4 prior to the beginning of the permitted driver changes.
Race leader Silva was the first to stop at the pits, and he was immediately followed by Rossi, Spataro and José María López. Meanwhile, Cacá Bueno came in on lap 31, and Ponce de León one lap later. After the driver changes, José Ciantini (who had taken over from Ponce de León) led the field, closely followed by Scotland's Anthony Reid, who had taken over from Bueno.
Behind Ponce/Ciantini and Bueno/Reid came Brazil's Hoover Orsi (YPF-Ford), local driver Walter hernández (Chevrolet Elaion) and Brazilians Felipe Maluhy (Renault TC2000 Team) and Ricardo Mauricio (TTA).
But more action was to come, and it was referred to the lead. Reid made contact with Ciantini while braking for the Hairpin and lost ground in the process. This allowed Bosio to grab 2nd place, allowing him to go in pursuit of Bocha Ciantini. Soon after, when the engine of the leading Focus called it a day, Bosio inherited the lead.
Bosio managed to keep Reid at bay, and motored on to his first TC2000 win. This result meant the first time in which the winners of the event also claimed pole.
All the splendour of the series' most important event fell into the hands of the Silva/Bosio pairing and the Honda Petrobras team. Rossi reaped the benefits in what refers to his standings lead, as his co-driver Hernández climbed to 3rd place by the finish. This, together with the retirement of Ledesma, and Basso's meager reward in what refers to championship points, mean he is now further ahead of his championship pursuers.
The fourth edition of the Buenos Aires 200 km saw yet another different driver pairing in the winner's circle, plus the exciting sound of a Formula One car lapping the Buenos Aires circuit, added to a tremendous motor racing show.

</doc>
<doc id="18401593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401593" title="Rancagua conurbation">
Rancagua conurbation

Rancagua conurbation, or Greater Rancagua, is a Chilean conurbation in the O'Higgins Region composed of Rancagua and some parts of Machalí and Gultro. It has an estimated population of 307,004 inhabitants for 2008. Several villages are expected to join the conurbation in a near future, like Olivar Bajo (Olivar), Punta de Cortés (Rancagua) and La Compañia (Graneros).

</doc>
<doc id="18401603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401603" title="Mark Warford">
Mark Warford

Mark Warford, is an American Director, Musician, Producer, Photographer and Author.
Career.
Highly acclaimed for his worldview creative work, Mark Warford is a CLIO award-winning director, musician, producer and author. Warford has also directed creative and strategic operations for the likes of Agence France-Presse (AFP), Getty Images, Greenpeace and 'We Are The World 2' . 
In 2013, Mark Warford's debut novel, 'SAVIOR' was published by the independent publishing group, 'RBWG publishing', a subsidiary of RBWG, Inc.
In 2012, the contemporary rock EP, 'For Time Spent Ripping out Your Own Heart' was released on the Cry Desert Music, Inc label.
In 2011, Warford began production on the movie 'Cry, Desert' for which he wrote the screenplay and composed many of the featured songs. Renowned Swedish artist, Leif e. Boman is also credited as a contributor to the soundtrack. 
In 2008 Warford was elected as a '100 Places' Global Climate Ambassador, joining Archbishop Desmond Tutu, Australian Minister for Environment Protection, Heritage and the Arts Peter Garrett, Rajendra Kumar Pachauri chair of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and Danish Actress Connie Inge-Lise Nielsen.
Mark Warford has written with, directed and produced notable international artists such as producer and Eurythmics co-founder, David A. Stewart, platinum-selling British soul singer, Joss Stone, and luminaries such as His Holiness the Dalai Lama, and Harry Belafonte.
In 2007, Mark Warford teamed with Sir Anthony Hopkins to produce the CLIO- award winning PSA, 'ACT'. Written and directed by Mark Warford, the :60 sec spot deals with the plight of whales being hunted for scientific purposes.
From 2004 -2006, Warford helmed the creative direction and production of Project Thin Ice, a multi-year, multi-national initiative to address the mounting impact of climate change. Warford led the strategic operations and media coverage for two successive attempts by explorers Lonnie Dupre and Eric Larsen to cross the Arctic Ocean in summer. The event was successfully completed in July 2006.
From 2003 - 2012, Mark Warford acted as Chair of the Board for Crude Accountability, a Washington DC-based non-profit working primarily in the Caspian Sea basin to protect the region's natural environment and to ensure environmental justice for communities impacted by natural resource development.
From 1990 - 2007, Warford directed media teams covering human rights and environmental impact issues in Kazakhstan, Russia, Mexico, USA, Ecuador, Malaysia, Philippines and Canada, amongst other locations. As a photographer, Warford has been published in all of the world’s major news journals – including New York Times, Washington Post, Sydney Morning Herald, The Guardian, The Times, National Geographic and the South China Morning Post. In 2005, Warford was included as a member of Greenpeace International's Programme Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18401605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401605" title="World Chess Championship 1954">
World Chess Championship 1954

The 1954 World Chess Championship was played between Mikhail Botvinnik and Vasily Smyslov in Moscow from March 16 to May 13, 1954. Botvinnik retained his title.
1952 Interzonal tournament.
An interzonal tournament was held at Saltsjöbaden in Stockholm, Sweden, in September and October 1952. The top eight finishers qualified for the Candidates tournament.
Only the top five were supposed to have qualified for a 12-player Candidates Tournament, but four players were tied for fifth place, and since the tie-break margins were so small, all four were included.
The tournament was surrounded by some controversy as the five Soviet players took the top five spots - having drawn every single game amongst themselves, several of them after suspiciously few moves.
Originally, the 1952 Interzonal was supposed to have featured 22 players, but Julio Bolbochán of Argentina suffered a hemorrhage and had to withdraw after a first-round adjournment.
1953 Candidates tournament.
The Candidates tournament was held in Zürich, Switzerland, from August to October 1953. The field consisted of 15 players: The top eight from the 1952 Interzonal, the top five from the previous Candidates Tournament (Bronstein, Boleslavsky, Smyslov, Keres, and Najdorf), and the last two players from the 1948 championships not already qualified (Reshevsky and Euwe).
Smyslov qualified as challenger by winning the tournament.
1954 Championship match.
The match was played as best of 24 games. If it ended 12-12, Botvinnik, the holder, would retain the Championship.
Botvinnik retained the Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18401618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401618" title="United States House of Representatives elections in Kansas, 2008">
United States House of Representatives elections in Kansas, 2008

The 2008 congressional elections in Kansas were held on November 4, 2008 to determine who would represent the state of Kansas in the United States House of Representatives, coinciding with the presidential and senatorial elections. Representatives are elected for two-year terms; those elected will serve in the 111th Congress from January 3, 2009 until January 3, 2011.
Kansas has four seats in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States Census. Its 2007-2008 congressional delegation consisted of two Republicans and two Democrats. It is now three Republicans and one Democrat. District 2 was the only seat which changed party (from Democratic to Republican), although CQ Politics had forecasted districts 2 and 3 to be at some risk for the incumbent party.
The primary elections for Republican Party and Democratic Party candidates were held on August 5.
District 1.
Incumbent Republican Jerry Moran won re-election, defeating Democratic nominee James Bordonaro and independents Kathleen Burton and Jack Warner. CQ Politics forecasted the race as 'Safe Republican'.
District 2.
Republican nominee and former Kansas State Treasurer Lynn Jenkins won against Democratic incumbent Nancy Boyda, Libertarian Robert Garrard, and Reform Party candidate Leslie Martin. CQ Politics forecasted the race as 'No Clear Favorite'.
District 3.
Incumbent Democrat Dennis Moore won against Republican nominee and Kansas State Senator Nick Jordan, Libertarian candidate Joe Bellis, and Reform candidate Roger Tucker. CQ Politics forecasted the race as 'Democrat Favored'.
District 4.
Incumbent Republican Todd Tiahrt won against Democratic nominee and Kansas State Senator Donald Betts, Jr., Libertarian candidate Steven Rosile and Reform Party candidate Susan G. Ducey in the General election. CQ Politics forecasted the race as 'Safe Republican'.

</doc>
<doc id="18401626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401626" title="Sdot Negev Regional Council">
Sdot Negev Regional Council

Sdot Negev Regional Council (, "Mo'atza Azorit Sdot Negev", "lit." Negev Fields Regional Council), formerly known as Azata Regional Council (, "Mo'atza Azorit Azata") is a regional council in the northwestern Negev desert in the South District of Israel. 
The Sdot Negev region council was established in 1951 by the Religious Zionist HaPoel HaMizrahi settlement movement. The council encompasses 16 communities: two kibbutzim, 12 moshavim and two communal settlements. 
Despite security problems that include daily attacks by Qassam rockets from the Gaza Strip, the population of the Sdot Negev region has increased 55 percent since 2006. Residents have cited the educational system, atmosphere and rural lifestyle as incentives for moving to this part of the Negev. 

</doc>
<doc id="18401637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401637" title="2005 Oregon Ducks football team">
2005 Oregon Ducks football team

In 2005, Oregon had success behind senior quarterback Kellen Clemens and a new spread offense. During a game at Arizona, Clemens suffered a broken ankle. At that point Oregon was 8-1 (their only loss was to #1 ranked USC 45-13, the loss was vacated in 2010), and still in the hunt for a BCS game. Oregon won their final three games and their success led them into contention for a bid to the Fiesta Bowl. The Ducks finished the regular season with a 10-1 record, their best finish since their Joey Harrington-led, Fiesta Bowl-winning 2001-2002 team. They finished 5th overall in the BCS ranking system, which would in many years have been high enough to earn them a bid to a BCS Bowl. In 2005, however, there were no at-large bids available to Oregon. Ohio State finished just ahead of the Ducks, in 4th place, guaranteeing them one of the at-large berths (although they had an inferior 10-2 record). Notre Dame finished 6th in the BCS, also securing a BCS bid due to a pre-existing clause in the BCS contract. Many college football fans were outraged that two teams with worse records were selected over the Ducks. Moreover, for the second consecutive year, the Pac-10 conference had a team that finished with a one-loss season snubbed by the BCS (the Cal Bears finished 10-1 in 2004). It was later demonstrated that Oregon drew the highest bowl ratings in college football, calling the argument that TV ratings hurt the Ducks' BCS chances into question. The situation (and others like it in recent years) has led to more calls for a playoff system to replace the BCS, which has received widespread criticism from college football fans. Instead of a BCS game, they were assigned to the 2005 Holiday Bowl versus the Oklahoma Sooners. Playing without their starting quarterback, Kellen Clemens, and combined with a strong showing from the Sooners, the Ducks fell in a close game, 17-14, finishing the season tied for the second-best in school history with a 10-1 overall record (the Southern Cal game was deemed vacated by violations in 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="18401640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401640" title="Monroe County Courthouse (Ohio)">
Monroe County Courthouse (Ohio)

The Monroe County Courthouse is located in Woodsfield, Ohio and is one of few courthouses located in a town square. The building is of red brick with yellow brick quions, pillars and pediments, which are said to represent the colors of fall in the surrounding countryside. The main entrance is reached by a small flight of stairs between Ionic columns and a pediment of fine arched stone. 
The courthouse has one of ten largest clocks in the world, which can be seen from miles away. Its four faces were installed in 1908 by Howard Clock Company of New York. The cost of the clock was $2,775.
The dome of the courthouse was once a bright copper plating, but was removed due to public dissatisfaction.

</doc>
<doc id="18401643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401643" title="Abbeyside">
Abbeyside

Abbeyside () is an area in Dungarvan, County Waterford, Ireland. It lies on the east bank of the River Colligan.
History.
MacGrath's Castle was a notable landmark in Abbeyside, overlooking Dungarvan Harbour, until it collapsed in January 1916. It was situated at Friar's Walk in Abbeyside, near the Augustinian abbey. It was a typical tower-house of six floors, two of them supported by stone vaults. The MacGrath family is said to have built it, and it is called MacCragh's Castle in the Civil Survey of 1654. By the mid-18th century the castle was still in a good state of preservation and retained its roof. Following the collapse, fragments of the walls remained up until the early 1960s, but these were removed and now there are no remains visible above ground.

</doc>
<doc id="18401648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401648" title="Hartman H. Lomawaima">
Hartman H. Lomawaima

Hartman H. Lomawaima (November 11, 1949 – July 8, 2008) was the first Native American director of the Arizona State Museum. He was only the fifth director in the history of the museum. He also was the first Native American to hold a position as director of a state agency in Arizona, and was on the board of trustees for the Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian in Washington, D.C.
Lomawaima was a Hopi born in the village of Supawlavi on Second Mesa, Arizona. He graduated from Northern Arizona University, and did his graduate work at Harvard University. Lomawaima first job was as a senior administrative officer at the
Hearst Museum of Anthropology, University of California at Berkeley. He and his wife, Tsianina Lomawaima, subsequently moved to the University of Washington, where he taught.
In 1984, Lomawaima became the associate director at the Arizona State Museum, and professor of American Indian studies at the University of Arizona. He was appointed interim director of the museum in 2002 upon the resignation of the previous director and became the permanent director in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18401652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401652" title="Aphid (disambiguation)">
Aphid (disambiguation)

Aphid may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18401653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401653" title="Dalibarda">
Dalibarda

Dalibarda repens (Dewdrop, False Violet, Star Violet, Robin Runaway. French Canadian: dalibarde rampante) is a perennial plant (a forb) in the Rose family, Rosaceae. It is the only species in its genus, which is closely allied with the genus Rubus (brambles, blackberries, raspberries). It is fairly easily grown in shady locations in damp to wet, acidic soils, and is frequently used in wildflower and bog gardens as a ground-cover.
Description.
"Dalibarda repens" is a herbaceous plant with simple leaves, and hairy stems. It is the only species in the genus "Dalibarda". It has both sterile and fertile flowers. The sterile flowers are much less numerous than the fertile ones, have five white petals and are borne atop a peduncle. The more numerous fertile flowers are cleistogamous (they are self-pollinating and never open), and are hidden beneath the leaves. The flower stalks (peduncles) of the cleistogamous flowers are short, 2–5 cm long, and curved downward. The calyx forms a shallow, hairy hypanthium, which is divided into 5–6 lobes of unequal size, the 3 larger lobes are toothed (serrate).
The stem is decumbent/creeping, "several inches" in length, with a densely tufted terminal portion which bears both leaves and flowers.
The leaves are basal, simple, pinnately veined above the base, long-petiolate, and slightly hairy/downy on both sides. The are dark green in color. Leaf blades cordate to rounded (orbicular), 3–5 cm long; the basal lobes are rounded; the apex is blunt to rounded; the margins are scalloped, with low rounded teeth (crenate); and the petioles are hairy, 3–10 cm long.
The common name false violet comes not only from the heart-shaped leaves, but also because this plant, like violets, produces two kinds of flowers.
Though this plant is globally secure, it is locally endangered in Connecticut, New Jersey, North Carolina and Rhode Island. It is listed as threatened in Michigan and Ohio. 
It is native to the Northeastern United States and Eastern Canada.
The plant can be identified as being low, spreading by runners with leaves and flowers arising on separate stalks from the runner. The sterile flowers are white with 5 broad petals and numerous long stamens, solitary on a long, reddish flower stalk arising from runner. Leaves are kidney-shaped, with a long petiole, and with outer margin scalloped. The plant os 2 to 5 inches in height.
The leaves of dewdrop may be confused with violet leaves, but violets have low rounded teeth that curve upward; the leaf margins of dewdrop have low scalloped edges or outward-facing blunt teeth.
The plant is found in Minnesota in the west to Nova Scotia in the east, southward to Michigan, Pennsylvania and New Jersey, and in the mountains to North Carolina.
Dewdrop is found in northern or upland forests, in shady locations, in moist to wet conifer and mixedwood (softwoods and hardwoods) forests or swamps, and often on red pine and white pine sites with sandy, acidic soils. It thrives best in acidic soils.
A few, nearly dry, small white drupes (drupelets), 3–4 mm long, retained within the calyx are produced.
As with its close relatives the Rubus, the young plants make a reasonably palatable pot-herb, and can be brewed as a mild infusion/tea throughout the growing season. The fruit is edible, but decidedly not "choice".
It flowers from June to August.

</doc>
<doc id="18401657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401657" title="List of current Major League Soccer commentators">
List of current Major League Soccer commentators

The following a list of current (entering the 2014 season) Major League Soccer broadcasters for each individual team.

</doc>
<doc id="18401693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401693" title="Phuket Beer">
Phuket Beer

Phuket Lager Beer is an Asian beer brand founded in 2002 in Thailand. The beer is brewed with premium German hops and high-quality Thai jasmine rice, which is added during the brewing process to enhance the beer's smoothness and aroma. It is the first Thai beer ever to win a gold medal in competition. 
Phuket Beer is a portfolio company of Leopard Capital, a private equity firm that has made investments in Cambodia, Laos, Thailand, and Haiti.
Name origin.
The brand's name derives from the island of Phuket, on the Indian Ocean side of southern Thailand. The largest island in Thailand, Phuket was once known for tin mining. Today it is a popular beach resort visited by about three million international tourists every year.
History.
Phuket Beer was launched by Tropical Beverage Company in 2002 as a premium beer embodying the spirit and island lifestyle of Phuket, Thailand's leading beach resort. Since 2005, Phuket Beer has been brewed at San Miguel Brewery in Thailand under the supervision of Tropical Beverage Company. In 2005, importer Phuket Beer USA established the Phuket Beer brand in the United States.
Products.
Phuket Beer has no additives or preservatives and is produced in small batches every 2-3 months to ensure freshness. It is 5% alcohol-by-volume (AVB) and has 21 international bitterness units (IBU). Phuket Beer is available in 330 ml cans and 330 ml bottles.
Logo.
Phuket Beer's logo features a vibrantly-colored hornbill bird, the company's mascot, with a neck foil design of Laem Promthep (Cape Promthep), a well-known landmark on Phuket island. A protected species of Thailand, the hornbill is indigenous to the southern region of the country and is said to symbolize purity, fertility and loyalty. The bird was selected to represent the company's commitment to brewing pure, quality beer.
Distribution.
A premium beer, Phuket Lager is available at select upscale hotels, restaurants and bars in Thailand. It is distributed in the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Singapore, Denmark, Macau, Hong Kong, and the United Kingdom.
Awards.
Phuket Lager received the first gold medal ever for a beer from Thailand at the 2006 Monde Selection Awards. Following this, it was awarded gold medals in 2007-2010 from the organization, earning the honor of High Quality Award for its three consecutive medals.

</doc>
<doc id="18401715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401715" title="Roxanne Seeman">
Roxanne Seeman

Roxanne Joy Seeman (born June 10, 1954 in New York City) is an American songwriter and lyricist. She is best known for her songs by Billie Hughes, Philip Bailey with Phil Collins, The Jacksons, The Sisters of Mercy, Bette Midler, Earth, Wind & Fire, and Jacky Cheung.
Musical career and personal life.
At the age of 10, Seeman pursued private piano lessons, learning chords and melody. She took up violin at the Saddle Rock Elementary School. Seeman picked up guitar at 16, while spending a summer in Ithaca, New York.
During Seeman's high school years, she was an avid fine artist. Seeman applied to Carnegie-Mellon University, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania with the intention of pursuing a career in art. In the practice rooms of Carnegie-Mellon, Seeman found a piano teacher and studied classical piano.
At Carnegie-Mellon, Seeman was on the School Activities Board, booking bands to perform on campus. With a passionate interest in both jazz and art, Seeman attended classes offered at the University of Pittsburgh (by reciprocal agreement between the two Universities) that would shape her career. One of these classes was taught by Dr. Nathan Davis, bebop jazz saxophonist and Director of Jazz Studios at the University of Pittsburgh. Seeman learned to play jazz classics such as "Giant Steps", "Moment's Notice", "Round Midnight", and others. 
Wishing to learn Chinese calligraphy, Seeman attended a class in Chinese language where she learned to write Chinese characters. This motivated Seeman to apply as a transfer student to Columbia University in New York, where she would pursue Oriental Studies and be in the mix of the music world in New York City. Over the summers on Long Island, Seeman studied piano with Tony Aless, jazz pianist who played with Woody Herman, Charlie Parker, among others. Seeman also took several lessons from Sir Roland Hanna.
Seeman is a graduate of Columbia University, with a B.A. in Oriental Studies, Chinese Arts and Language. She studied Chinese, Japanese and Indian literature, art, and took a class on Chinese music from Professor Chou Wen-chung. 
Seeman spent nights in New York jazz clubs while she worked as a temporary secretary at Atlantic Records and Warner Communication in NY. Seeman then began writing lyrics for jazz instrumentals. She developed a close friendship with David Lasley, famed session singer who toured with James Taylor. Seeman produced recorded demos of David Lasley singing her lyrics to the instrumentals.
Seeman relocated to Los Angeles when she was offered a position at ABC Records, soon to be sold to MCA Records. Seeman's career turned to professional songwriting when Dee Dee Bridgewater recorded the Ramsey Lewis instrumental "Tequila Mockingbird" with Seeman's lyrics. Larry Dunn of Earth, Wind & Fire wrote the tune and George Duke produced the record. This led to Roxanne's collaboration with Philip Bailey of Earth, Wind & Fire, with whom she wrote, along with Maurice White and Eduardo del Barrio, "Sailaway", for Earth, Wind & Fire's "Faces" album. During this time, Carmine Coppola and Italia Pennino asked Roxanne to collaborate with them in developing themes from Carmine's movie scores into songs. She co-wrote lyrics and produced song demos for the themes from "The Black Stallion", "The Outsiders", and "Napoleon".
Seeman co-wrote original songs with David Lasley and then other co-writing partners, producing 24-track recordings at the ABC Recording Studios and other LA studios. Some of the singers and musicians that played for Seeman's recordings include David Lasley, David Benoit, Bobby Watson, Eduardo del Barrio, David Garibaldi, Doug Rodrigues, Terry Reid, Hubert Laws, Debra Laws, Eloise Laws, Sylvia St. James, Marty Walsh, Arnold McCuller and Charlotte Crossley. The early recordings were engineered by Al Schmidt, Jr. and Zoli Osaze. One day walking down the hallway at the ABC Studios looking to book time to mix a session, Seeman heard one of her songs coming out of the production room. She walked in to find Gerry Brown, a young recording engineer of 17, unbeknownst to her, had taken her 24-track 2" inch tape from the shelf over the weekend and mixed it. Brown was listening to it so enthusiastically, she told him he could mix all the others.
Working with Billie Hughes.
Seeman's partnership with recording artist and songwriter/composer Billie Hughes, which began in 1983, marked the beginning of a long and successful career of recording, producing and songwriting. Their efforts achieved popularity in Japan in 1991; the couple wrote and produced Hughes' "Welcome to the Edge" #1 single and album. "Welcome to the Edge" remained on Billboard's Japan Top 10 chart for four months, selling 520,000 copies. Seeman and Hughes received #1 International Single of the Year at the NHK Japan Grand Prix Awards, the equivalent of the Grammys.
Seeman held the position of Executive Assistant to Scott Rudin the President of Production for 20th Century Fox. In 1987, she worked on location in Bangkok on the film "Off Limits" and is credited for Thai casting.
Songwriting career.
"Walking on the Chinese Wall" is one of Seeman and Hughes' most novel songs, resulting in the title track, chart single and video for Philip Bailey's "Chinese Wall" album produced by Phil Collins. 
Barbra Streisand recorded Seeman's "Let's Start Right Now", a Brazilian song with her original English lyric. "Let's Start Right Now" appeared as a bonus CD single in a limited edition of Streisand's "A Love Like Ours" album. 
In 2003, Jermaine Jackson performed "Let's Start Right Now" on "The View".
In 1991, Bette Midler released Seeman & Hughes' "Night And Day", a chart single and music video.
In 1993, The Sisters of Mercy released "Under the Gun", a chart single and music video, written by Billie Hughes, Roxanne Seeman, and Andrew Eldritch, produced by Andrew Eldritch and Billie Hughes.
In collaboration with Sarah Brightman and Frank Peterson, Seeman wrote "Harem", new original English lyrics for "Cancao do Mar", a Portuguese fado made famous by Amalia Rodrigues. Sarah Brightman's "Harem" album stayed in the Billboard Top 10 Crossover Classical chart for over 80 weeks.
In December 2008, Daniel Lindstrom released the single "Caught In That Feeling" in Sweden, written by Seeman, Lindstrom, and Samsson.
In March 2009, Seeman met Philipp Steinke, from Berlin, while he was staying in Los Angeles, and began a writing collaboration. Seeman and Steinke wrote "Amor En Suspenso (Crocodile Tears)" which was recorded by Alejandra Guzmán, Mexico's "Queen Of Rock", for Guzman's "Unico" album, released by EMI Latin. Guzman wrote the Spanish lyrics with Fernando Osorio. Seeman and Steinke continued to write songs for Jacky Cheung and Lin Yu Chun.
In 2012, Austrian blues-rock singer Saint Lu released "Falling For Your Love", written by Saint Lu, Seeman, and Messer, as part of her Warner Germany album "2".
Asia.
In 2009, Seeman began writing for Jacky Cheung, known as one of the "Four Heavenly Kings" of Canto-Pop. Cheung, nicknamed "God of Songs", has been awarded "Top Asian Pop Artist" by Billboard multiple times. From Seeman's travels to Asia, she was familiar with Cheung and soon developed a close collaborative relationship with Cheung's producer, Andrew Tuason, along with Jacky Cheung. 
Cheung wanted to try a different style, jazz, for his new album which he called "Private Corner", because Cheung says it is a personal expression, something he wanted to do for himself. The first song, "Everyday Is Christmas", Seeman co-wrote with Philipp Steinke. Cheung liked "Everyday Is Christmas" so much, he asked Seeman and Steinke to write another song and they composed "Which Way, Robert Frost". Seeman continued to write songs for Cheung in the new "Canto-jazz" style, a phrase Cheung coined to describe the music of his "Private Corner" album. "不只有緣 (Lucky In Love)", "Double Trouble", "Let It Go", "Which Way, Robert Frost", and "Everyday Is Christmas", were co-written with European collaborators and all of the songs were adapted into Cantonese, except "Everyday Is Christmas". Cheung said he tried having the lyrics for "Everyday Is Christmas" adapted into Cantonese, but he liked the meaning of the lyrics in English so much that he decided to record it in English. Nokia’s music download service website (Ovi.com) announced that ‘Everyday is Christmas’ was the 10th most downloaded Christmas song in the world in 2010, joining classic hits such as Wham’s ‘Last Christmas’ and Mariah Carey’s "All I Want for Christmas is You". Jacky is the only Chinese language singer to make it into the Top Ten.
In 2009, the newly formed South Korean girl group 4Minute with Kim Hyun-Ah of The Wonder Girls, recorded "Tick Tock". When 4 Minute did not release "Tick Tock", it was recorded by Rainie Yang (Sony Taiwan) in Mandarin. "Tick Tock" by Rainie Yang was featured in the hit Taiwanese TV drama "Hi My Sweetheart" starring Rainie Yang and Show Luo. "Tick Tock" is co-written with Kine L. Fossheim and Olav Fossheim.
Seeman returned to Asia in August 2009 for five weeks. Since then, her songs have been recorded and released including "All Pumped Up" by Evan Yo (Sony Taiwan), "Cha Cha Cha" by Linda Chung (Star Entertainment Hong Kong), When You Hear This Song" by Allen Su (Sony Beijing), "Arrest Me" by Amber Kuo (Warner Taiwan), "No One Knows" by Stephy Tang (Gold Typhoon), and "Hui Bu Hui (Will We)" by Yang Kun. Music Videos include Jacky Cheung "Double Trouble", Rainie Yang "Tick Tock", and Stephy Tang "No One Knows".
On New Year's Eve 2010, Jacky Cheung embarked on the Jacky Cheung 1/2 Century Tour, with 25 musicians and 18 dancers, opening at the Mercedes Benz Arena, Shanghai, China. "Double Trouble" is a highlight song in Cheung's stadium world tour. "Double Trouble" is co-written with Kine L. Fossheim and Olav Fossheim.
In 2011, Yangkun recorded Seeman's "Hui Bu Hui (Will We)", co-written with Fredrik Samsson and Tobias Forsberg. It was produced by Zhang Yadong. It is the theme song and promo music video for the Mainland China hit thriller "Lost In Panic Cruise". 
In November 2011, Lin Yu Chun released "Saving Grace" on his "Endlessly" album. "Saving Grace" is co-written with Philipp Steinke and Finn Martin.
Seeman returned to Hong Kong in May 2012 for the finale concerts of Jacky Cheung's 1/2 Century Tour. From there Seeman went to Suzhou to meet Han Xue, who recorded "Lonely Kiss" for her Gold Typhoon Mainland China release. She continued to Shanghai, Beijing, where she met Ai Dai, also recording Seeman's songs, and Tokyo.
"Lucky In Love" was recorded by Paolo Onesa, top 8 contestant of The Voice of The Philippines. It was released digitally as a single on September 23, 2013 by MCA Music, as part of The Voice of The Philippines. Paolo Onesa released "Lucky In Love" and "Which Way, Robert Frost" on his "Pop Goes Standards" album, released February 14, 2014. Seeman's songs are the two original songs on Paolo Onesa's album of pop standards.
Film & television.
Seeman's works have been incorporated in film, television, video and records. Her "So Hard To Know" was written by request for Chet Baker. It appears in the Oscar-nominated documentary "Let's Get Lost", Bruce Weber's tribute to Chet Baker's life and music, which was re-released in 2008.
The February 19, 1994, "The Jackson Family Honors" live ABC telecast from Las Vegas at the MGM Grand Hotel featured Seeman, Hughes and Jermaine Jackson's song "If You'd Only Believe" thematically, with a finale performance including Michael Jackson, guest artists Celine Dion and others. 
"Welcome to the Edge" received an Emmy nomination for Best Original Song in the TV drama "Santa Barbara" in 1991. In 1994, Seeman and Hughes received a second Emmy nomination for Best Original Song for "Dreamlove" in the TV drama "Another World". In 1996, Seeman received Special Recognition for Musical Contribution, Daytime Drama Guiding Light, for her work with, and the Emmy awarded to, Music Director, Jonathan Firstenberg.
With Earth, Wind & Fire, Seeman co-wrote "Cruisin'" for Spike Lee's "Get On The Bus". A collaboration with Eric Levi of ERA and Philip Bailey of Earth, Wind & Fire resulted in "People And Places", the end-title song of the French film "La Vengeance d'Une Blonde".
Seeman co-wrote "Hold On To The Good Things" for "Stuart Little 2", recorded by Grammy-winning artist Shawn Colvin. "Hold On To The Good Things" appears as the second end-credit song.
From William Ross' theme for "The Young Black Stallion", Roxanne and Gavin Greenaway developed and produced the song "Born To Ride" sung by Biana Tamimi, the 11-year-old actress from the film, for the DVD release December 2004.
Seeman co-wrote "不只有緣 (Lucky In Love)" with Daniel Nitt for Jacky Cheung. "不只有緣 (Lucky In Love)" appears over the end-credits of "Crossing Hennessy", a Hong Kong movie produced by William Kong. "Crossing Hennessy", starring Tang Wei (Lust, Caution) and Jacky Cheung, premiered as the opening night film for the 34th Hong Kong International Film Festival March 21.
For Arif Mardin's "All My Friends Are Here" album and "" companion documentary, Seeman wrote lyrics for Mardin's composition "So Blue". "So Blue" features Chaka Khan and David Sanborn. "The Greatest Ears In Town" was screened during the 29th International Istanbul Film Festival in April 2010. "All My Friends Are Here" was released on June 15, 2010. "The Greatest Ears in Town: The Arif Mardin Story" was nominated for a Grammy in 2011 for Best Long Form Video.
"Hui Bu Hui (Will We)", recorded by Mainland China recording artist and actor Yang Kun, appears as the theme song of "Lost In Panic Cruise", the sequel to "Lost In Panic Room". The movie premiered on Mainland China October 27, 2011. Yangkun, actor and singer, appears in the movie and the music video.
Seeman's songs have been appearing in the Nickelodeon television series "Hollywood Heights" since June 20, 2012.
Roxanne Seeman and Riccardo Cocciante wrote "When Love Calls Your Name" for The Voice of Italy finalist Elhaida Dani. A videoclip of the recording session for "When Love Calls Your Name" by Elhaida Dani with Riccardo Cocciante, "Coach" (Judge") and producer, was posted at the Rai Television site, and the song was made available at iTunes Italy for voters. During the May 30, 2013 finale show of The Voice of Italy, Elhaida Dani performed "When Love Calls Your Name". When it was announced that Elhaida Dani wins as The Voice of Italy, Riccardo Cocciante joins Dani on stage and she sings, with Riccardo Cocciante alongside, an emotional reprise performance of "When Love Calls Your Name".

</doc>
<doc id="18401725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401725" title="Nielsen–Schreier theorem">
Nielsen–Schreier theorem

In group theory, a branch of mathematics, the Nielsen–Schreier theorem states that every subgroup of a free group is itself free. It is named after Jakob Nielsen and Otto Schreier.
Statement of the theorem.
A free group may be defined from a group presentation consisting of a set of generators and the empty set of relations (equations that the generators satisfy). That is, it is the unique group in which every element is a product of some sequence of generators and their inverses, and in which there are no equations between group elements that do not follow in a trivial way from the equations describing the relation between a generator and its inverse. The elements of a free group may be described as all of the possible reduced words formed by sequences of generators and their inverse that have no adjacent pair of a generator and the inverse of the same generator.
The Nielsen–Schreier theorem states that if is a subgroup of a free group, then is itself isomorphic to a free group. That is, there exists a subset of elements of such that every element in is a product of members of and their inverses, and such that satisfies no nontrivial relations.
Example.
Let be the free group with two generators, and , and let be the subgroup consisting of all reduced words that are products of evenly many generators or their inverses. Then is itself generated by the six elements , , , , , and . A factorization of any reduced word in into these generators and their inverses may be constructed simply by taking consecutive pairs of symbols in the reduced word. However, this is not a free presentation of because it satisfies the relations and . Instead, is generated as a free group by the three elements , , and . Any factorization of a word into a product of generators from the six-element generating set } can be transformed into a product of generators from this smaller set by replacing with , replacing with , and replacing with . There are no additional relations satisfied by these three generators, so is the free group generated by , , and . The Nielsen–Schreier theorem states that this example is not a coincidence: like , every subgroup of a free group can be generated as a free group, possibly with a larger set of generators.
Proof.
It is possible to prove the Nielsen–Scheier theorem using topology. A free group on a set of generators is the fundamental group of a bouquet of circles, a topological graph with a single vertex and with an edge for each generator. Any subgroup of the fundamental group is itself a fundamental group of a covering space of the bouquet, a (possibly infinite) topological Schreier coset graph that has one vertex for each coset of the subgroup. And in any topological graph, it is possible to shrink the edges of a spanning tree of the graph, producing a bouquet of circles that has the same fundamental group . Since is the fundamental group of a bouquet of circles, it is itself free.
According to Schreier's subgroup lemma, a set of generators for a free presentation of may be constructed from cycles in the covering graph formed by concatenating a spanning tree path from a base point (the coset of the identity) to one of the cosets, a single non-tree edge, and an inverse spanning tree path from the other endpoint of the edge back to the base point.
Axiomatic foundations.
Although several different proofs of the Nielsen–Schreier theorem are known, they all depend on the axiom of choice. In the proof based on fundamental groups of bouquets, for instance, the axiom of choice appears in the guise of the statement that every connected graph has a spanning tree. The use of this axiom is necessary, as there exist models of Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory in which the axiom of choice and the Nielsen–Schreier theorem are both false. The Nielsen–Schreier theorem in turn implies a weaker version of the axiom of choice, for finite sets.
History.
The Nielsen–Schreier theorem is a non-abelian analogue of an older result of Richard Dedekind, that every subgroup of a free abelian group is free abelian.
The topological proof based on fundamental groups of bouquets of circles is due to . Another topological proof, based on the Bass–Serre theory of group actions on trees, was published by .

</doc>
<doc id="18401730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401730" title="Steve Carroll">
Steve Carroll

Steven M Carroll -- Current, Holland Ohio -- Also known as "Steve Carroll" Known for winning the 14th annual Lucas County "Battle of the Brains" in 1986 as a 3 year old. His time of 3 minutes and 14 seconds for puzzle completion is still a national record. Steve now resides in Holland Ohio as a Teacher and Basketball Coach.
Steve Carroll is also known for saving the life of a family from a bear attack in Canada in 2008. He was camping with a friend when they heard cries for help. When they approached, there was a 1,200 pound bear about to eat a family. Steve chased the bear away with only sticks and a rock he found on the forest floor. The family later named there next child "Steve" in his honor. 
Steve Carroll is an American professional sports broadcaster currently serving as the play-by-play announcer for the National Hockey League's Anaheim Ducks. Other hockey teams that Carroll has announced for include the Des Moines Buccaneers, Nashville Knights, New Haven Nighthawks, New Orleans Brass, and Philadelphia Flyers. He began his career in 1976 as the play-by-play man for the Mineral Area Junior College men's basketball team in Flat River, Missouri.
Not being limited to hockey, Carroll has broadcast for a number of minor league baseball teams including the Huntsville Stars, Iowa Cubs, Nashville Sounds, and New Orleans Zephyrs. He was also the voice of the United Soccer Leagues' New Orleans Storm and Vanderbilt University basketball.

</doc>
<doc id="18401731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401731" title="Merhavim Regional Council">
Merhavim Regional Council

Merhavim Regional Council (, "Mo'atza Azorit Merhavim") is a regional council in the South District of Israel. It covers 14 moshavim, a communal settlement, a youth village and an educational institution.

</doc>
<doc id="18401733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401733" title="World Chess Championship 1957">
World Chess Championship 1957

The 1957 World Chess Championship was played between Mikhail Botvinnik and Vasily Smyslov in Moscow from March 5 to April 27, 1957. Smyslov won.
1955 Interzonal tournament.
An interzonal tournament was held in Göteborg, Sweden, in August and September 1955. The top nine finishers qualified for the Candidates tournament.
1956 Candidates tournament.
The 1956 Candidates tournament was held in Amsterdam in the Netherlands in April and May. As the loser of the last championship match, Smyslov was seeded directly into the tournament and joined by the top nine from the Interzonal. Smyslov won, once again becoming the challenger in the 1957 championship match.
1957 Championship match.
The match was played as best of 24 games. If it ended 12-12, Botvinnik, the holder, would retain the Championship. Smyslov won.

</doc>
<doc id="18401742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401742" title="Annestown">
Annestown

Annestown () is a coastal village in County Waterford, Ireland on the Copper Coast between Dungarvan and Tramore made up of around 25 cottages and houses. It is a popular destination for surfers but only when there are large swells and waves as the cove has very shallow water. The town is also home to Seaview Celtic F.C. which is a small youth football club. 

</doc>
<doc id="18401746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401746" title="Pitrufquén">
Pitrufquén

Pitrufquén is a Chilean city and commune in Cautín Province, Araucanía Region. The city is located 30 km south of Temuco and lies immediately south of the Toltén River, along Chile Highway 5.
History.
Pitrufquén was initially founded as "Lisperguer", name that honors the creator of the plane of the urban area, the French engineer Lisperguer.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Pitrufquén spans an area of and has 21,988 inhabitants (10,902 men and 11,086 women). Of these, 13,420 (61%) lived in urban areas and 8,568 (39%) in rural areas.
Pitrufquén's population is characterized as varied because its members have different culture backgrounds, highlighting the historical legacy Spanish and immigrants principally from: France, Italy, Germany, The Netherlands, Austria, Belgium, Switzerland and Hungary. Currently, the largest foreign colony is in "Faja Maisan" composed mostly of descendants of Germans, Dutchmen and Swiss, whose grandparents arrived in La Araucanía between 1905 and 1912.
Since 1898, Pitrufquén begins its development under the impetus of its people and its agricultural potential. Besides immigrants mostly Dutchmen and Germans.
Administration.
As a commune, Pitrufquén is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Humberto Catalán Candia (PS).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Pitrufquén is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by José Manuel Edwards (RN) and Joaquín Tuma (PDC) as part of the 51st electoral district, (together with Carahue, Nueva Imperial, Saavedra, Teodoro Schmidt, Freire and Cholchol). The commune is represented in the Senate by José Garcia Ruminot (RN) and Eugenio Tuma Zedan (PPD) as part of the 15th senatorial constituency (Araucanía-South).

</doc>
<doc id="18401775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401775" title="Alayaz">
Alayaz

Alayaz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18401780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401780" title="Erdapin">
Erdapin

Erdapin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18401789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401789" title="Walter Nelles">
Walter Nelles

Walter Nelles (1883–1937) was an American lawyer and law professor. Nelles is best remembered as the co-founder and first chief legal counsel of the National Civil Liberties Bureau and its successor, the American Civil Liberties Union. In this connection, Nelles achieved public notice for his legal work on behalf of pacifists charged with violating the Espionage Act during World War I and in other politically charged civil rights and constitutional law cases in later years.
Biography.
Early years.
Walter Nelles was born April 21, 1883 in Leavenworth, Kansas, the son of a civil engineer. Nelles attended the prestigious Phillips Exeter Academy in Exeter, New Hampshire in preparation for an Ivy League collegiate education. Upon graduation from Exeter, Nelles enrolled in Harvard University, from which he graduated in 1905 with a Bachelors degree.
After graduation, Nelles taught as an instructor at the University of Wisconsin from the fall of 1905 to the spring of 1907. Nelles then left Madison to return to Harvard, receiving a Masters degree in 1908 before moving on Harvard Law School. He graduated from Harvard Law with an LL.B. in 1911. During the period of his graduate education, Nelles also taught as an instructor at Lowell Institute and Radcliffe College.
Career.
After passing the bar examination, Nelles entered private legal practice.
Holding pacifist beliefs himself, following the entry of the United States into World War I in April 1917 Nelles was persuaded by his old college classmate Roger Baldwin to leave his practice to become house counsel for the fledgling National Civil Liberties Bureau (NCLB) of the American Union Against Militarism that Baldwin had helped launch. This organization, based in New York City, would eventually emerge as the American Civil Liberties Union.
The Civil Liberties Bureau in its first years dealt primarily with cases involving conscientious objectors and political opponents of the war who faced charges under the so-called Espionage Act. Among those high-profile cases which Nelles handled included the trial of the American Socialist Society and its Rand School of Social Science and the trial of Max Eastman and his publication, "The Masses."
The offices of the National Civil Liberties Bureau were raided by the Department of Justice on August 30, 1918 by agents who seized all of Nelles' files. The raid was based upon invalid search warrants.
Nelles and Baldwin were joined in the main office of the National Civil Liberties Bureau by Albert DeSilver, a lawyer who left private practice to work full-time on the defense of civil liberties in the courts. The troika guided the activities of the NCLB and the successor ACLU in its earliest years. Roger Baldwin later fondly recalled their partnership:
"We made a team which was never after equalled in the American Civil LIberties Union. DeSilver contributed the quick unerring judgment, with a gay and easy approach to tough problems; Nelles, the reflective opinions of a studious lawyer sometimes aroused by hot indignations; and I, the techniques of the social case worker, an organizer and a publicity man for such limited publicity as was open to us."
The three men "loved each other," Lucille B. Milner, secretary of the NCLB remembered. The team was abruptly shattered when DeSilver was killed in a fall from a railroad car in 1924, dying at the age of 36. Nelles later memorialized his fallen colleague by writing his biography, published by W.W. Norton & Co. in 1940.
In 1920, Nelles served on the defense team of the five Socialist members of the New York State Assembly who were denied the right to assume the seats to which they had been elected by the Republican Speaker of the House Thaddeus C. Sweet, working in concert with members of both the Republican and Democratic Parties.
The liberal Nelles also sought to mediate sectarian fighting among American radicals, sitting with Roger Baldwin and others on a special committee established in August 1922 to investigate charges levied by Abraham Cahan and the "Jewish Daily Forward" that the Friends of Soviet Russia (FSR) organization was engaged in the misappropriation of funds raised for the relief of famine in Soviet Russia. The committee ultimately exonerated the FSR of these charges, but Nelles declined to sign the final report owing to the appointment of a law partner as counsel for that organization — a circumstance which thereby created a potential conflict of interest.
Throughout the 1920s, Nelles participated in a loose partnership of left wing attorneys, including Joseph Brodsky, Swinburne Hale, Carol Weiss King, and Isaac Shorr.
Academic career.
Nelles later served on the faculty of Yale Law School where he often taught courses on the history of labor injunctions.
Politics.
Nelles was a social democrat and a member of the League for Industrial Democracy during the 1920s. At the time of his death he was regarded by friends as a liberal rather than a socialist.
Death and legacy.
Walter Nelles died at the age of 53 on April 1, 1937 in New Haven, Connecticut following a brief illness. Nelles is the grandfather of Amanda Pedersen Norton, a Washington, DC attorney and former chief mediator for the US Food and Drug Administration, as well as great grandfather of Leif Pedersen Diaz a network television producer and correspondent.

</doc>
<doc id="18401794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401794" title="The Last Ones Left">
The Last Ones Left

The Last Ones Left is the fifth album by Kane & Abel. It was released independently on October 15, 2002 for Entertainment Solutions. By the time this album was released, the brothers had fallen on hard times, they were sentenced to three years in prison for refusing to cooperate with prosecutors, dropped from their record label and their popularity had decreased, thus this was the group's first and only album to not make it to the Billboard charts. The album was taken out of print by September 2003, and only sold around 7,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="18401815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401815" title="1969 in chess">
1969 in chess

Events in chess in 1969;
Top players.
Provisional FIDE top 10 by Elo rating - 1969

</doc>
<doc id="18401818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401818" title="John Paul McQueen and Craig Dean">
John Paul McQueen and Craig Dean

John Paul McQueen and Craig Dean are fictional characters and a supercouple from the long-running British Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks". John Paul is portrayed by James Sutton, and Craig is portrayed by Guy Burnet. On Internet forums, the couple is referred to by the portmanteau "McDean" (for McQueen and Dean). Supporters of "McDean" are often referred to as "McDeaners". The love story has been cited as "one of the biggest and most successful that "Hollyoaks" has told".
Background.
Writing and portrayals.
The love story between characters Craig Dean and John Paul McQueen began when Craig, originally detailed as heterosexual, kissed best friend John Paul. This one event empowered the United Kingdom soap opera "Hollyoaks" to embark on one of daytime television's most successful romances, which gained a prominent following amongst fans and praise from LGBT rights groups. At first, actor Guy Burnet (Craig) was stressed about portraying a gay character. "I'll always be completely honest," he said. "I'll always be real. The truth is that it was difficult to play. It was talked about for a long while and I felt uncomfortable with the idea because I didn't think it was justifiable. I thought 'how can you make a straight guy who's a bit of a cheeky chappy, loves the girls and has a sort of camp sense of humour, gay?'" Burnet cited talking with the show's producers for having eased his reluctance about the change in his character. "It was sitting with Bryan and the other producers, discussing it and saying 'right, if we're going to do this, it's not a story about a character being gay, it's a story where we have to justify the guy's sexual confusion — why is he like this? And the most important thing is that he still has the love for the woman in his life.'" Burnet revealed that he did not necessarily see his character as gay or being romantically/sexually attracted to men, but rather solely romantically/sexually attracted to John Paul, and that he wanted the audience to be confused as to Craig's sexual orientation. Craig would still be "after" women. 
James Sutton joined the show in September 2006 as newcomer John Paul McQueen, a then-seventeen-year-old school boy confused about his sexuality. The storyline revolved around John Paul struggling with his sexuality as he fell for best friend Craig Dean. Craig was written to initially reject John Paul, but "the two students eventually embarked on an affair which explosively came to light during a party to celebrate Craig's engagement to aspiring model Sarah Barnes". In an interview two years after his debut, Sutton discussed his take on the storyline, and the aspects of his character John Paul in detail. "He’s very, very quick to take offence sometimes," Sutton relayed. "He’s a typical 19-year old lad. His hormones are all over the place. He’s a bit up and down, so that’s a side of him I’m not too keen on, but he’s also very sensitive and loving and he cares a lot about his family and his friends and that side of it is very true to me as well and that’s kind of what I kind of brought to the table." Sutton revealed that, despite sexuality differences, he is not "too far removed" from his character. "I like to think I’m a bit more mature. Like I say, he’s very quick to boil up and get really emotional. We both have similar sense of — We are both very heavily into our music. I mean, John Paul’s a DJ and I play a number of instruments, so we’ve got that in common as well." Unlike Burnet, Sutton found comfort in portraying a gay character. When asked where he acquired "that attitude" for the role and whether he started out with it, Sutton replied, "I’ve always kind of had that. I spent a good part of my youth the theatre and there were a lot of openly gay men … so I was always around that kind of environment and always kind of comfortable around the gay community." He further relayed, "I still occasionally go to a gay bar with people and hang out and stuff, so I’ve never had any kind of or anything with it. And I’m just an actor and it’s just a part and … if they need me to kiss another guy or be physical with another guy or whatever it may be … I’m comfortable with myself to do that. I’m quite comfortable in my own skin, you know?" 
Burnet cited Sutton as making it easier for him to play the part of Craig. "James was always good about it," he acknowledged. "James has played gay characters in the past from my understanding, in theatre roles and the like. He was quite comfortable with it, which, in turn, made things easier for me because I wasn't comfortable. It was difficult for me to do. James is a good actor and he's also very understanding." Burnet stated, "I can sit and talk to him and I'll give him advice and he'll give me advice and we won't ever take it offensively. We work well together because we can both tell each other 'actually, I don't think that was right, do it like this' or he'll say to me 'listen, Guy, do it like that'. In turn, we balanced each other out." Sutton gave insight to their working dynamic as well, stating, "Guy’s a very different kind of actor than myself and as far as our backgrounds go, he hadn’t really done any acting before "Hollyoaks", so he didn’t have that kind of experience to draw on. He’s never shown to me in any of our scenes that he was particularly uncomfortable or anything. He’s a fantastic actor." Sutton elaborated, "I know he has made a comment before in the press about feeling uncomfortable with the kissing and the physical side of it, but I think that just goes down to — Guy’s very, very proud of his heterosexual masculinity, if you will. … He was a bit more uncomfortable than perhaps I’d prefer but very, very quick-thinking and he was always very professional." 
One of the most significant storylines surrounding the couple's union was the aftermath of John Paul and Craig's affair being revealed to other characters within the series, particularly Craig's girlfriend (Sarah). "A lot of the aftermath stuff is really good," Burnet cited. "We changed a hell of a lot of it. It came out initially script stage and it's in the same week as another major storyline so we went and spoke to producers and manipulated the scripts slightly with the director, Nigel Keane, and the consequence was a fantastic four episodes to end it on, I think. Something real." 
"When Sarah discovers Craig and John Paul together, it's almost about her, I feel. Everything's been about Craig and John Paul and I thought that it was important in the aftermath to remember that a Sarah isn't forgotten," Burnet stated. "It's easy for everyone to love the JP and Craig storyline for the two of them being together, but it has to be understood that what makes the story is Craig's love for Sarah and Sarah's love for Craig. So it was important in the aftermath to show the confusion of Sarah — forget the confusion of Craig for a minute — the confusion of Sarah who's been as much part of this storyline as we have." 
Even with the relationship out in the open, the pairing's romance did not go smoothly, and ended when Craig went to Trinity College in Dublin. Burnet had decided to leave the series in 2007, stating, "Initially, the thing that threw me over the edge to say 'right, I am going to leave "Hollyoaks"' was when I was sat at home thinking 'I'd love to go to Tokyo; I'd love to go and live in Mexico; I want to go and live in Costa Rica; I want to go and do these things now while I'm young and can still do them.'" 
Craig's departure left "John Paul free to embark on an even more scandalous fling with Father Keiron Hobbs". Viewers witnessed the priest being publicly outed by John Paul's mum, and viewers wondered what other surprises were in store for John Paul. However, in 2008, Burnet agreed to briefly reprise his role as Craig, which led to speculation that John Paul and Craig could be romantically reunited, upon news that Sutton would now be leaving the series, with his final scenes due in September. 
Sutton stated his reasons for leaving: "It’s not an easy decision to make. But I’m twenty-five-years old and I’ve done this character for two years now and I feel like I’ve made my mark and I’ve got to get off my soapbox now. I kind of feel like I’m ready to take a risk before I hit 30 and realize that actually I’ve missed my opportunity. A calculated risk." At the same time, Burnet issued his own reasons for returning. He told "The Sun": "I’ve had so much support from fans since I left the show, so it’s great to have the opportunity to reprise the storyline and give viewers a resolution to the Craig and John Paul story." Sutton stated that he wanted Burnet to come back. "I was always very keen for Guy to come back and I know that Bryan Kirkwood and the writers, everyone was always keen for him to come back," he relayed. "It was just a question if the logistics of it could work out because Guy’s been living in L.A. since he left the show, so it was just a case of scheduling it in and making sure that if I was going to leave, he could come back and film. It’s worked out perfectly." Sutton had planned on leaving sooner, but stayed around longer so that Burnet could come back. "I never really imagined myself staying on a show for two years," he revealed. "It’s a great place to work because everybody’s so young and so up for the job … and you kind of get caught up in it and before you know it, you’ve been there for two years. Which isn’t a bad thing." 
It was stated that the characters' reunion would start off with John Paul meeting up with Craig and John Paul not being pleased to see him because of the way "they left it at the airport". Craig comes back for John Paul "and some terrible things happen to John Paul and his life and Craig is there to comfort him".
Storyline.
John Paul arrives in town in 2006; he meets Craig while saving him from a beating by bully Sonny Valentine. The two become close friends. With some pressure from Craig, John Paul begins to date schoolmate Hannah Ashworth. John Paul is reluctant to be with Hannah; he knows that he "should" fancy her, but also knows that he does not. Despite this, he ends up having sex with Hannah, both losing their virginity to each other. However, they split up when John Paul reveals that he is harbouring affections for someone else, which is mistakenly believed to be Craig's girlfriend, Sarah Barnes. This sends Hannah on a downward spiral and puts a strain on John Paul and Craig's friendship, but due to the chaos John Paul's revelation causes, he begins to date Hannah again. Soon after, on Hannah's 18th birthday, John Paul breaks up a fight between Craig and Rhys Ashworth when Craig sees Sarah kissing Rhys. John Paul shouts that she is not good enough for Craig, he runs outside in tears and is confronted by Craig. John Paul confesses to Craig that he is in love with him. The following day, Craig is distant towards John Paul, but allows John Paul to explain his feelings. Craig says that he still wants John Paul as a friend, but only as a friend; John Paul says that he will continue to date Hannah and keep up the charade that he is heterosexual. He eventually reveals to everyone else that he is gay. At one point, Craig bullies him. Despite apologizing to John Paul for this, John Paul states that their friendship is over.
In early 2007, John Paul embarks on a relationship with Spike, a DJ whom he met during his sister Jacqui's wedding reception. John Paul and Spike's relationship is the source of much jealousy from Craig, who immediately takes a disliking to Spike and grows furious when John Paul tries to speak about his fears about having sex with Spike. During his exams in May 2007, Craig has trouble concentrating, as all he can think about is John Paul and Spike. He has been struggling to understand his romantic feelings for John Paul while maintaining a romantic relationship with girlfriend Sarah. Storming out of the exam, he goes to John Paul's house. After talking with each other, Craig frustrated and in tears, both reveal their true feelings and sleep together. Afterwards, however, Craig gets out of the bed and shouts homophobic obscenities before storming out. Subsequently, Craig's relationship with Sarah begins to deteriorate, as Craig struggles with his apparent homosexual tendencies. Unwilling to "come out", Craig concludes that he is not gay, stating instead that he only has romantic feelings for John Paul rather than actually being gay or bisexual. Craig negotiates an uneasy few months with Sarah, a situation further exacerbated by Sarah's modelling career, a source of even more jealousy from Craig.
Craig meets up with John Paul under a tree; he insists that he has sorted everything out in his head, he is not gay, and never will be, but this does not mean that he and John Paul cannot have sex from time to time; they can still continue to see each other, and no one will get hurt. John Paul reminds Craig of his love for him, and tells him that he is sick of being used. An unfazed Craig tells John Paul whether he likes it or not, they both know how it is going to end up: he'll knock at John Paul's door, and John Paul will open it. 
A few weeks later, two of Sarah's friends from the modelling industry meet with her and Craig for a friendly get-together. Craig acts cold to the friends, particularly the male. The four dine at Il Gnosh and bump into John Paul who stays to chat for a short while before leaving, followed by Craig. Back at John Paul's house, Craig tells John Paul that he cannot stop thinking about him, and although he loves Sarah, he loves John Paul too. Craig then leads John Paul upstairs where they once again sleep together. Later, as Craig lies with John Paul in bed, his mobile phone rings, the caller ID showing that Sarah is calling him. However, Craig ignores it and goes back to sleep in John Paul's arms, leaving John Paul with a smile on his face.
John Paul eventually tells Craig to leave Sarah, and in turn he promises to leave Spike. Whilst John Paul and Spike break up, Craig and Sarah do not, leaving John Paul furious and frustrated. Craig then arranges a last minute get-away for Sarah, without telling John Paul. Angry and upset, John Paul writes a letter to Frankie Osborne saying that he has been sleeping with her son and that he is sorry that she had to hear about it from him. Later, once he has calmed down and realises his mistake, he manages to retrieve it with Spike's help. Despite no longer being a couple, Spike still offers John Paul something more causal, but he quickly realises he no longer has romantic feelings for Spike (despite Craig's betrayal) and tells him it is over for good. When Craig returns from his holiday, and tells John Paul that he still has feelings for him, John Paul snaps back that he has had enough and intends to end it with Craig for good. Despite this, they soon get back together again and the relationship continues in secret.
When Spike finds out about John Paul and Craig's secret relationship, he teases and mocks Craig about it. When Craig confronts him, Sarah overhears and thinks that he is having an affair. In an attempt to convince her that he loves her, Craig proposes marriage to Sarah, asking her to keep their engagement a secret. Throughout their engagement, Craig continues to see John Paul (who knows nothing of the engagement) and gives him a watch that once belonged to his grandfather. Once John Paul learns of Craig and Sarah's engagement, he becomes convinced that Craig will never leave Sarah for him. At an impromptu engagement party thrown by Frankie, John Paul and Craig hide upstairs and begin to be intimate. Secretly, John Paul texts Sarah on Craig's phone and tells her to come upstairs. She leaves the party and walks in on the two of them kissing. Completely in shock, Sarah runs downstairs and outs Craig to the party-goers, leaving John Paul to face the wrath of the Dean family and Mike Barnes. He later tries to apologise to Sarah, who demands to know the details of the affair. After telling her, Sarah says that she can never forgive him. John Paul calls Craig a coward for not accepting his sexuality.
Frankie and Sarah make attempts to reconcile the relationship, but it is no use, as Craig finally announces to his family that he is in love with John Paul. Craig's announcement leads to a show-down style confrontation between the McQueen family and the Dean family (where John Paul's sister says the famed words 'My brother is gayer then yours!), from which John Paul and Craig run away and discuss their feelings for each other. Craig tells John Paul he loves him, but denies being gay with the words "it's not about being gay, its about who you fall in love with"; this takes place before asking John Paul to come with him to Dublin, an offer which John Paul accepts. As they prepare to leave together, Craig tells his brother Jake that he is not gay, and he only cares for John Paul. John Paul overhears this and expresses concern at Craig's reluctance to come out; this is further exacerbated by Craig not being able to bring himself to kiss or hold John Paul at the airport as they wait for the plane to Dublin. Although John Paul loves Craig, he realizes that he needs more than to be with a man who cannot not display affection towards him in public. Heartbroken, John Paul returns home, leaving Craig to go to Dublin alone. On Christmas day 2007, John Paul gets a text message from Craig, wishing him a Merry Christmas, asking him to visit Dublin sometime and that he misses him. It is not shown if he texts back.
John Paul moves on with Kieron Hobbs. However, on September 2, 2008, Craig returns. John Paul's romance with Kieron is threatened when Kieron confronts John Paul about any lingering romantic feelings he may have for Craig.
On 5 September, Craig and John Paul end up in bed again and John Paul decides to tell Kieron he is still in love with Craig, but when he finds Kieron, he is dead. John Paul mistakenly believes that Kieron has taken his own life. Consumed with guilt, John Paul rejects Craig. However, they later agree to stay friends. Craig later slips a one-way ticket to Dublin into John Paul's pocket.
On 19 September 2008, John Paul realises that he cannot be without Craig. He rushes to the train station, arriving in time to see a train leaving. He is devastated, until he looks over onto the other platform, where Craig is standing. John Paul runs around it, to him, and rants at Craig. However, after he says that he loves Craig, Craig kisses him in front of everyone on the platform, proving that he does not care what people think. They are later seen on the train, where Craig tells him that when they get to Dublin, he is to tell everyone that he is Craig's cousin Steve. John Paul looks shocked, and Craig jokes that he was only kidding. They are last seen cuddling on the train.
When Craig returns in Hollyoaks Later, he reveals that John Paul has been on a couple of drinking benders as he struggles to cope with the after effects of Niall's actions. He gives a little insight into their life in Dublin – laughing with his sister about their sex life and how John Paul is a superstar DJ. On November 28, 2008, Craig's last appearance on "Hollyoaks" ("Hollyoaks Later"), after fighting with Niall for the last time, Craig returns to Dublin and to his boyfriend, John Paul.
John Paul and Craig were last spoken of on 2 November 2010. John Paul's sister Carmel McQueen, talking to their cousin Bart McQueen, said: "Look at our John Paul and his Craig. You know, they went through hell, but they got there eventually. Love always finds a way," confirming that the couple are still happy and together. They were mentioned again in July 2011, showing once again that they are still together and going strong. John Paul returned in December 2012, where he was seen chasing after a bus Craig was on. He later confirms that he and Craig have split up.
Reception and impact.
When Craig kissed John Paul, their subsequent romance became a "massive hit, gaining a cult following amongst fans". The John Paul/Craig/Sarah love triangle was also an aspect of the storyline intriguing viewers. "Hollyoaks" was named Broadcast of the Year at the 2007 Stonewall Awards, held at London's Victoria and Albert Museum. "The Channel 4 soap was honoured for its sensitive depiction of the gay love affair" between Chester teenagers John-Paul and Craig. Stonewall, an organisation that campaigns for equality for gay men and women, praised the show for its "sympathetic and convincing handling" of the "gritty and emotional" storyline. "Hollyoaks" producer Bryan Kirkwood stated, "I'm really chuffed that "Hollyoaks" has been recognised at the Stonewall Awards. It's a really prestigious award and one that means a lot to the show, to James and Guy, to our writers and most importantly the audience that engaged with the story." Sutton added that he was "incredibly humbled" by the award, saying, "Stonewall is such an important organisation and it's amazing that we've been recognised by them for all the hard work we put into the storyline."
Despite the show's plotlines sometimes being over-the-top, the romance between John Paul and Craig remained rooted in believability. Sutton’s performance "so resonated with viewers" that he was voted “Most Popular Actor” at the 2008 Digital Spy Soap Awards. In addition, John Paul and Craig's love story was named “Storyline of the Year”. AfterElton.com cited Sutton for being "much of the reason for the storyline’s success". They stated that when they did a poll of their readers in 2007 for The 25 Best Gay Characters on Television, John Paul came in at #21. Sutton had not known about the poll, and when told of it stated, "Wow. That’s really cool. I don’t tend to read too much press and stuff, but I mean I’m aware that we’ve sold the program to other countries and surfing through the Internet, I’m aware that there are people who really, really watch it. I mean I’ve heard from the States and there’s a couple of people who are in the Far East, actually, who regularly post on forums about me and stuff. And that’s just incredible.
John Paul's relationship with Kieron Hobbs created a certain rivalry between the fanbases; the ones wanting John Paul and Kieron together and the ones rooting for John Paul and Craig to end up together. When asked of his choice between the two, Sutton stated, "You’re setting me up for a f**king fall now. Some people are going to be upset if I say Craig and some if I say Kieron. Oh, God. I’ll have to say Craig, I suppose." 
Burnet and Sutton, have had different experiences with the fan reaction to the storyline, but both positive. "I don't get to see the forums much," revealed Burnet, "and I don't read too much the Internet but I do through James – he reads a lot of the online stuff – and he lets me know. It's so moving that so many people actually care about the storyline." Burnet stated his appreciation for the fans making the storyline what it was. "From my understanding," he cited, "DS is a community of fans – without the fans, there is no show so I think the genuine way to move forward is to base a lot of plotlines – obviously if they're realistic – around what fans and communities want. At the end of the day, it's purely based around them. He voiced that "one thing [he's] learned is that there's a lot of politics around television and awards shows – a lot of it is bullshit. But when it comes to the fans, they're genuine. You can't beat the people. It's not a communist society. There's a great power there". 
Sutton spoke of his amazement to all the fan reaction. "Very, very surprised. I never prepared myself for that to happen – for such attention to be given to this character and I was a bit overcome by it all, to be honest." He felt that no one warned him what he was in store for: "This just sort of happened. It just really did. Nobody warned me that I would be the focus of so much attention. It’s all been a bit mad, to be honest, in a really positive way. But no, no one could have prepared me for the interest that it’s gained." Sutton stated that he had spoken to young gay men and had e-mail conversations with people about the storyline and being gay and that it "really" opened his eyes to how difficult it can be and the prejudice out there, even still in Middle England, toward homosexuality. 
The Internet has made shows like "Hollyoaks" more accessible to audiences around the world. When John Paul and Craig first slept together, it was not seen as significantly controversial, though prominent controversy was expected, and was rather seen as "incredibly, incredibly popular". For any series to be on at half past six, which is the time that "Hollyoaks" broadcasts (in the evening), controversy is typical when it involves two young men going to bed together, but this was not a prominent factor for the John Paul and Craig love story. The actors were not slighted in national press, and it was all "fairly positive" and "a story that needed to be told". 
Producer Kirkwood relayed: “The Craig and John Paul story is one of the biggest and most successful that "Hollyoaks" has told, winning many awards and legions of fans."
In 2008, while counting down the top ten shows on the tenth birthday of T4, "Hollyoaks" was voted second, and the storyline was described as the best in the ten years as T4 showed some clips on it.

</doc>
<doc id="18401832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401832" title="World Chess Championship 1958">
World Chess Championship 1958

The 1958 World Chess Championship was played between Mikhail Botvinnik and Vasily Smyslov in Moscow from March 4 to May 9, 1958. Botvinnik won. Smyslov had unseated Botvinnik in the 1957 match, so he was entitled to this rematch a year later.
Results.
The match was played as best of 24 games. If it ended 12-12, Smyslov, the holder, would retain the Championship.
Botvinnik regained his title.

</doc>
<doc id="18401833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401833" title="President of the Dewan Negara">
President of the Dewan Negara

The President of the Dewan Negara (Malay: Yang di-Pertua Dewan Negara) is the presiding officer of the Dewan Negara, the upper house of the Parliament of Malaysia.
The President of the Dewan Negara is created under Article 56 of the Constitution of Malaysia. The office is similar to the Speaker of the Dewan Rakyat: the President is elected by the members of the Dewan Negara and is expected to be politically impartial. If a member of the Dewan Negara elected to be the President is a member of a state legislative assembly, he must resign from the assembly before exercising the functions of the office.
Functions.
The main functions of the President of the Dewan Negara are:

</doc>
<doc id="18401840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401840" title="Gustav Veit">
Gustav Veit

Aloys Constantin Conrad Gustav Veit (June 3, 1824 – April 20, 1903) was a German gynecologist and obstetrician who was a native of Leobschütz. He was the father of gynecologist Johann Veit (1852–1917).
In 1848 he received his medical doctorate from the University of Halle, and following graduation remained in Halle as an assistant to Anton Friedrich Hohl (1789–1862) at the institute of maternity. In 1854 he attained the chair of obstetrics at the University of Rostock, and in 1864 moved to the University of Bonn as professor and director of the department of obstetrics. He died in Deyelsdorf.
His name is associated with the "Mauriceau–Smellie–Veit maneuver", a procedure defined as a classical method of assisted breech delivery. The birthing maneuver is named along with obstetricians François Mauriceau (1637–1709) and William Smellie (1697–1763), although it was first described by Jacques Guillemeau (1550–1613) in a 1609 treatise called "De l'accouchement hereux des femmes".
Among his written works was a treatise on diseases of the female sex organs titled "Krankheiten der weiblichen Geschlechtsorgane: Puerperalkrankheiten". It was included in Rudolf Virchow's "Handbuch der speciellen Pathologie und Therapie" (Textbook of Specialized Pathology and Therapy).

</doc>
<doc id="18401859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401859" title="Best of the M.C. Records Years 1999–2005">
Best of the M.C. Records Years 1999–2005

Best of the M.C. Records Years 1999–2005 is a compilation album by American folk singer Odetta, released in 2006. It contains songs she recorded on the M.C. Records label.
Track listing.
All songs Traditional unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18401890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401890" title="Kamarlu (disambiguation)">
Kamarlu (disambiguation)

Kamarlu is a village in Iran.
Kamarlu or Ghamarlu may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18401902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401902" title="Rainbow kick">
Rainbow kick

The association football rainbow kick (also called the reverse flick-over, the rainbow flick USA, the Carretilha or the Lambreta Brazil as well as in Italy the Lambretta, the Ardiles flick UK, arco iris Spain, the Okocha-Trick in Germany and coup du sombrero in France) is a trick used in association football, in which a player steps over the ball and flicks it off the ground from behind them, and forward over their head in an arc. The trajectory of the ball gives this trick its name. The trick is usually performed while running forward with the ball, and is done by rolling the ball up the back of one leg with the other foot, before flicking the standing foot upwards to propel the ball forward and over the head.
This trick is an impressive show of skill, sometimes seen in street soccer. It is rarely used in modern professional football, as it has a relatively low success rate, but players with high confidence and skill may attempt it from time to time. Brazilian players such as Neymar, Djalminha, Ronaldinho, Ronaldo and Robinho are among those who have used this trick. The rainbow kick was performed at the 2002 FIFA World Cup when Turkey's İlhan Mansız, in what was described as a "sombrero" move of "outrageous skill", flicked the ball over both his head and the head of Brazil's world-class side-back Roberto Carlos, forcing Carlos into a foul. Sometimes the use of tricks like the rainbow kick are seen as showboating and disrespectful to the opposing team. In March 2008, the Sheffield Wednesday player Franck Songo'o, on his debut loan appearance for the Championship side against Queens Park Rangers, attempted the trick in the closing minutes of the game, which Wednesday were leading, with one match report commenting that the referee "quickly called a halt to proceedings as Rangers players piled in threatening to lynch the Frenchman".
The rainbow kick appears in a famous sequence in the 1981 film "Escape to Victory", when the trick is used by the character played by Ossie Ardiles, which led to the name of "Ardiles flick". One review described it thus: "the all time special effects highlight being when Ossie Ardiles flicks the ball over his head".
The trick has also been featured in football computer games, including FIFA 08, where it is described as "One of the most famous soccer moves".
There is also a similar trick like the Rainbow Kick called the "Rainbow Flick" that is only used by Ronaldinho. It is also a very skillful trick too. It is done by the player picking up the ball with their feet and getting it put through their legs. Then, the player releases the ball from their legs and rolls it up their back heel and flicks it with their back heel over their head.

</doc>
<doc id="18401907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401907" title="Macedonia men's national water polo team">
Macedonia men's national water polo team

The Macedonian men's national water polo team was formed in 1991, following the Republic of Macedonia's declaration of independence. Before 1991, the Republic of Macedonia was part of Yugoslavia, and its players participated in the Yugoslavia national water polo team.
The first major event that the team qualified for was the 2008 Men's European Water Polo Championship, finishing in 8th place.

</doc>
<doc id="18401923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401923" title="World Chess Championship 1960">
World Chess Championship 1960

The 1960 World Chess Championship was played between Mikhail Botvinnik and Mikhail Tal in Moscow from March 15 to May 7, 1960. Tal won.
1958 Interzonal Tournament.
An interzonal chess tournament was held in Portorož, Slovenia (then Yugoslavia) in August and September 1958. The top six finishers qualified for the Candidates tournament.
1959 Candidates Tournament.
The 1959 Candidates Tournament was held in Yugoslavia in Bled, Zagreb, and Belgrade. The top two players from the previous tournament, Smyslov and Keres, were seeded directly into the tournament and joined by the top six from the interzonal. Mikhail Tal won, becoming the challenger in the 1960 championship match.
1960 Championship match.
The best of 24 game match was held in Moscow. In the event of a 12–12 tie, Botvinnik, the title holder, would retain the Championship.
Tal won.

</doc>
<doc id="18401926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401926" title="Devil's Garden (disambiguation)">
Devil's Garden (disambiguation)

Devil's Garden may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18401945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401945" title="Almost Paradise">
Almost Paradise

"Almost Paradise...Love Theme from Footloose" is the title of a duet by singers Mike Reno and Ann Wilson, written by pop music singer-songwriter Eric Carmen and co-written by Dean Pitchford. 
Reno is best known as the lead singer of the rock band Loverboy, while Wilson (along with her sister Nancy) are the vocalists for the band Heart. Both bands achieved a significant amount of success in the 1980s, and Reno and Ann Wilson were approached to record a duet for the 1984 film "Footloose". Officially listed as the "Love Theme from "Footloose"" on the film's soundtrack, "Almost Paradise" was one of three Top 10 hits on the Billboard Hot 100 chart found on the soundtrack, where it peaked at No. 7 and spent 13 weeks in the Top 40. The other hits from this soundtrack include "Footloose" by Kenny Loggins and "Let's Hear It for the Boy" by Deniece Williams, both of which went to No. 1 on the pop chart. "Almost Paradise" was also a hit on the adult contemporary chart in the United States, where it spent one week at No. 1. Both singers resumed their respective roles within their bands following this one-off recording. 

</doc>
<doc id="18401955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401955" title="Virna Lindt">
Virna Lindt

Virna Lindt is a former model and singer from Sweden. She released two albums, "Shiver" in 1983 and "Play/Record" in 1985, both on the Compact Organisation label, and both collaborations with writer/producer/arranger Tot Taylor. Combining pop, soundtrack and experimental influences, they have since been reissued on CD by LTM. Her style has been described as "John Barry-meets-new wave" and, in another review, a diseuse.

</doc>
<doc id="18401987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18401987" title="World Chess Championship 1961">
World Chess Championship 1961

The 1961 World Chess Championship was played between former champion Mikhail Botvinnik and champion Mikhail Tal in Moscow from March 15 to May 13, 1961. Tal had unseated Botvinnik in the 1960 match, thus Botvinnik was entitled to this rematch the next year. Botvinnik, a Russian, defeated Latvian Tal to regain the world championship.
Results.
The match was played as best of 24 games. If it ended 12–12, Tal, the title holder, would retain the Championship.
Botvinnik regained his title.

</doc>
<doc id="18402016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402016" title="Wilhelm Stasch">
Wilhelm Stasch

Wilhelm Stasch (born March 12, 1911) is a German boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kray.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to Oscar de Larrazábal.

</doc>
<doc id="18402029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402029" title="Posse (1975 film)">
Posse (1975 film)

Posse is a 1975 Western film, produced by, directed by and starring Kirk Douglas. The screenplay was written by Christopher Knopf and William Roberts. The plot centers on a U.S. marshal with political ambitions leading an elite posse in pursuit of a notorious bank robber to further his political career. The film premiered in New York City on June 4, 1975, and in June the same year in Berlin at the 25th Berlin International Film Festival, where Douglas also was nominated for the Golden Bear.
Story.
The film's plot centers on Howard Nightingale (Kirk Douglas), a U.S. marshal who leads an elite uniformed posse to track down and capture the infamous bank robber Jack Strawhorn (Bruce Dern), in an effort to further his political career when running for United States Senator. Nightingale is successful, however, Strawhorn disrupts his plans when he kidnaps Nightingale and holds him hostage. Before long he demands a ransom of $40,000 from the posse for Nightingale's safe return—the same amount of money that the posse burned when tracking Strawhorn down and killing his gang. In order to raise the money, Nightingale's posse have to rob the town of all its money, thus turning the public against Nightingale.

</doc>
<doc id="18402035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402035" title="Pierre Bonnet (boxer)">
Pierre Bonnet (boxer)

Pierre Bonnet (July 20, 1910 – ??) was a French boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to Antoni Czortek.

</doc>
<doc id="18402041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402041" title="World Chess Championship 1966">
World Chess Championship 1966

The 1966 World Chess Championship was played between Tigran Petrosian and Boris Spassky in Moscow from April 9 to June 9, 1966. Petrosian won.
1964 Interzonal Tournament.
An interzonal tournament was held in Amsterdam in the Netherlands in May and June 1964. Originally, 5 spots in the Candidates tournament were on the line, but since ex-champion Mikhail Botvinnik declined to take part, 6 players qualified.
Since FIDE rules only allowed a maximum of three players from the same nation to qualify from the interzonal, Stein and Bronstein were ineligible. Instead Ivkov qualified. The sixth and final place in the Candidates Tournament was decided in a 3 game playoff in which Portisch beat Reshevsky 2½-½.
1965 Candidates matches.
After the controversy surrounding the previous Candidates tournament, the 1965 tournament was the first to be played as a knock-out series of matches.
Two players were seeded directly into the tournament: Mikhail Botvinnik (loser of the last championship match) and Paul Keres (2nd place in the 1962 Candidates). Botvinnik declined, and his place was taken by Efim Geller, who finished 3rd in the 1962 Candidates.
Spassky won, earning the right to challenge champion Petrosian for the title.
Larsen and Geller played a third place playoff in Copenhagen, Denmark in March 1966. Larsen won 5-4.
1966 Championship match.
The match was played as best of 24 games. If it ended 12-12, Petrosian, the holder, would retain the Championship.
Petrosian retained his title.

</doc>
<doc id="18402060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402060" title="Don Williams (1958–1962 pitcher)">
Don Williams (1958–1962 pitcher)

Donald Fred Williams (September 14, 1931 – October 16, 2011) was a relief pitcher in Major League Baseball. He was signed to the Pittsburgh Pirates with his twin brother, Dewey Williams, who pitched several years in the minors.
Williams pitched in parts of three seasons for the Pirates and Kansas City Athletics, making 11 relief appearances for a 7.20 career earned run average in 20 innings, and did not record a decision. His lone hit in four at-bats was a triple.

</doc>
<doc id="18402068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402068" title="Veikko Huuskonen">
Veikko Huuskonen

Veikko Huuskonen (February 8, 1910, Helsinki – June 3, 1973, age 63) was a Finnish boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to Alec Hannan.

</doc>
<doc id="18402073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402073" title="Welcome Home (Kane &amp; Abel album)">
Welcome Home (Kane &amp; Abel album)

Welcome Home is the sixth album by Kane & Abel. It was released on July 22, 2003 for Most Wanted Empire and featured production from Kane & Abel, Howard "Chaotic" Metoyer and Sinista. The album was released after the brothers were released from prison and just barely made it on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, peaking at #75 on the chart. As of 2004, Welcome Home has sold 23,000 copies. The single " All Good" was a decent success peaking at #31 on the Rap Singles.

</doc>
<doc id="18402095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402095" title="World Chess Championship 1969">
World Chess Championship 1969

The 1969 World Chess Championship was played between Tigran Petrosian and Boris Spassky in Moscow from April 14 to June 17, 1969. Spassky won.
1967 Interzonal.
The 1967 Interzonal Tournament was played in Sousse, Tunisia in October and November. Bobby Fischer was leading the tournament with seven wins and three draws in ten rounds, however he abandoned the event over a dispute with the organisers. Because Fischer withdrew before he had played half his games, the results of his games were not included in his opponents' totals. Bent Larsen went on to win ahead of Viktor Korchnoi, Efim Geller, and Svetozar Gligorić, who shared second place.
Boris Spassky and Mikhail Tal were seeded into the Candidates matches as finalists of the previous tournament, and the top 6 finishers in the Interzonal would join them. Larsen, Korchnoi, Geller, Gligorić, and Lajos Portisch took the top five places. There was a three-way tie for sixth place among Sammy Reshevsky, Vlastimil Hort, and Leonid Stein, who played a round-robin playoff to determine the final place in the Candidates matches. The spot eventually went to Reshevsky, who drew all his eight games in the playoff. All three players ended up with 4 points, but Reshevsky had the best tie break score from the main tournament.
1968 Candidates Tournament.
Spassky won the Candidates Matches to challenge Petrosian for the World Championship, which he did successfully. (Spassky had unsuccessfully challenged Petrosian in 1966.)
Larsen and Tal contested a third place playoff in the Dutch town of Eersel in March 1969, which Larsen won 5½-2½.
1969 Championship match.
The match was played as best of 24 games. If it ended 12-12, Petrosian, the title holder, would retain the Championship.
Spassky won.

</doc>
<doc id="18402108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402108" title="Alec Hannan">
Alec Hannan

Alexander "Alec" Irvine Hannan (13 February 1916 – 31 March 2002) was a South African boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Glasgow, Scotland.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Fidel Ortiz.

</doc>
<doc id="18402118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402118" title="Bernard Dufour">
Bernard Dufour

Bernard Dufour (born 1922 in Paris) is a French painter. He was notable for abstract painting after the Second World War, and later for portraits and human figures.
Life.
Dufour originally studied agricultural engineering. During the German Occupation, he was pressed into war labour. He was sent to Germany with Alain Robbe-Grillet and there they met Claude Ollier. In the winter of 1944–45, he went to the University of Heidelberg and studied Eugène Delacroix and Stéphane Mallarmé. After the war he copied works of Michelangelo and Tintoretto in the Louvre.
His first solo exhibition was at the Galerie Maeght in 1948, followed by exhibitions in the Jeanne Bucher gallery between 1951 and 1953. Motivated by these successes, he soon signed an exclusive contract with art dealer Pierre Loeb. He collaborated with many writers, including René de Solier, André Pieyre de Mandiargues, Georges Lambrichs, Paule Thévenin and Alain Jouffroy. In the later fifties, he began to attract attention outside France; in 1959, he participated in the second documenta exhibition in Kassel.
From 1960, he turned from abstract to figurative painting, initially self-portraits and mournful figures, later scandalous nudes. In 1961 he opened a studio in an old mill on the Aveyron River in Foissac, where he also lived. He took part in the Venice Biennale in 1964. From this time he formed enduring friendships with other writers of the literary avant garde, such as Pierre Guyotat, Denis Roche, Catherine Millet and Jacques Henric. From the 1970s he worked in photography as well as painting, and wrote several volumes of artistic notes and memoirs. 
"La Belle Noiseuse", Jacques Rivette's 1991 film about an elderly artist, was partly inspired by Dufour, who was credited as "the hand of the artist" painting the picture at the heart of the film. In 1995, Dufour's wife Martine died of cancer. Dufour lives in Villeneuve and continues to work.
Work.
Dufour's representational art has often erotic components. The models in his paintings are often in the company of the painter. This visible relationship with the model brings the viewer of his pictures into a voyeur position. The blending of love and death has been a theme, as in a large (2.76 × 5.05 m) 1975 canvas depicting the autopsied body of Red Army Faction militant Holger Meins juxtaposed with Dufour's nude wife Martine defecating.

</doc>
<doc id="18402154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402154" title="František Doležal">
František Doležal

František Doležal (born November 23, 1913) is a Czech boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics for Czechoslovakia.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to Albert Barnes.

</doc>
<doc id="18402170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402170" title="Dinosaur Diorama">
Dinosaur Diorama

Dinosaur Diorama, also known as DioramaTV, is a production company that focuses primarily on the creation of serialized online video. Their major releases include The Burg, The All-for-nots, Greg & Donny, and All's Faire. The company consists of Thom Woodley, Matt Yeager and Johnny North, and was founded by Woodley and Kathleen Grace. 
It is significant because along with Stage 9 and Big Fantastic, it is one of the three major online video production companies. Their shows have been featured in Wired and The New York Times. The company itself was mentioned in conjunction with Michael Eisner's web distribution company Vuguru by Variety. They were nominated for five Streamy Awards in 2009 (Best Ensemble for All's Faire, Best Music for All's Faire, Best Music for The All-For-Nots, Best Cinematography for The All-For-Nots, and Best Ad Placement for The All-For-Nots).
In September, 2009, Dinosaur Diorama became the first new media company to sign with the Writers Guild of America on their New Media contract.

</doc>
<doc id="18402175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402175" title="Peace Party">
Peace Party

Peace Party could refer to:
"Political parties"
"Other"

</doc>
<doc id="18402193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402193" title="Albert Barnes (boxer)">
Albert Barnes (boxer)

Albert Richard Barnes (2 July 1913 – July 1990) was a Welsh boxer who competed for Great Britain in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Fidel Ortiz.
At the 1934 Empire Games he won the silver medal in the bantamweight class after losing the final to Freddy Ryan.

</doc>
<doc id="18402204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402204" title="Universidade Federal da Integração Latino-Americana">
Universidade Federal da Integração Latino-Americana

The Federal University of Latin American Integration (or UNILA) is a public university connected to the network of federal universities in Brazil. Its mission is to contribute to Latin American integration, with emphasis on Mercosur, through technical cooperation among universities, government agencies and international. UNILA is located in the southern city of Foz do Iguaçu, Paraná, at the tri-national border shared by Brazil, Argentina and Paraguay.
UNILA is a bilingual university, where Portuguese and Spanish are used.
The university emphasises natural resources, social studies and language, international relations and areas considered important for development and regional integration.

</doc>
<doc id="18402206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402206" title="World Chess Championship 1975">
World Chess Championship 1975

The 1975 World Chess Championship was never played due a dispute over the match format. Champion Bobby Fischer (USA) was to play Anatoly Karpov (Soviet Union) in Manila, commencing June 1, 1975.
Fischer refused to play the standard "Best of 24 games" match, instead asking for a "First to win 10 games" format. He also requested that the champion retain the title in the event of a 9–9 score. As a compromise, FIDE offered a "Best of 36 games and must win 10 of them" format. Fischer refused and telegrammed his resignation as FIDE World Champion. FIDE then agreed to a "First to win 10 games" match, but did not concede the 9–9 score request. Deadlines were extended for Fischer's reconsideration, but he did not respond, so Karpov was named World Champion by default on April 3, 1975.
1973 Interzonal tournaments.
Two 18 player, single round robin Interzonals were played with the top three from each qualifying for the Candidates Tournament. Leningrad and Petropolis, Brazil were the venues.
Korchnoi, Karpov, and Byrne qualified for the Candidates Tournament.
Mecking qualified outright for the Candidates Tournament, while the three players tied for second place contested a playoff in Portoroz for the remaining two spots.
Portisch and Polugaevsky qualified.
1974 Candidates tournament.
The 1974 Candidates Tournament was played as knockout matches. Spassky as the loser of the last championship match and Petrosian as loser of the previous candidates final were seeded directly into the tournament and joined by the top three from each of the two interzonals.
The first round matches were first to win three games, draws not counting. Semifinals were first to four wins, while the final was first to five wins but with a maximum of 24 games. Karpov beat Korchnoi 3-2 with 19 draws, earning the right to challenge Fischer.
The semifinal stage was marked by the presence of two ex-champions, Petrosian and Spassky, playing in different matches. The two had faced each other in the 1966 and 1969 title matches. Both were eliminated in this stage of the current cycle. Although the match rules called for four wins in the semifinals, Petrosian resigned the match after losing three games. He then attempted, through political means, to have the result of the match reversed.

</doc>
<doc id="18402215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402215" title="FC Arsenal-Kyivshchyna Bila Tserkva">
FC Arsenal-Kyivshchyna Bila Tserkva

FC Arsenal-Kyivshchyna Bila Tserkva () is a Ukrainian professional team from Bila Tserkva in Kiev Oblast. Previous name was FC Arsenal Bila Tserkva until June 2013.
History.
The club was formed in 2006 and entered the Ukrainian Second League in 2007 and was promoted to the Ukrainian First League in 2009 via a playoff game.
The club was relegated to the Ukrainian Second League after the 2012–13 season.
Stadium and grounds.
The club's training grounds are located in the village of Shkarivka, Kiev Oblast around six miles (10 km) away from Bila Tserkva. Its main sponsor is one of the biggest furniture companies in Ukraine, the owner of which is the president of the club, Yuriy Horobets. Until the 2009–2010 season its home games the club waere played in the neighboring city of Obukhiv, Kiev Oblast. Finally the administration of the club managed to lease the locally available municipal stadium, Trudovi Reservy (the Central Children-Youth Sport Arena "Trudovi Reservy"), in Bila Tserkva for the 2009–2010 season. After the club's promotion to the First League, the club was allowed also to use the stadium for some training, although for a limited time.
Trudovi reservy has an electronic display and some stadium roofing. The stadium is the property of the city and is co-sponsored by the regional football federation, Kiev Oblast FF along with the city administration. The stadium is primarily designated for the development of the amateur football, in particular the youth teams.
Arsenal bought its own city's sport grounds in 2009 for the construction of its home arena, which is forecasted to have a capacity of 5,000 people. The construction of its playing grounds started in 2009. The club's colours are red and white.
See also.
FC Ros' Bila Tserkva

</doc>
<doc id="18402238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402238" title="Hervé Lacelles">
Hervé Lacelles

Joseph Harvey Milton Lacelle (January 18, 1918 – June 28, 1942) was a Canadian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Ottawa. In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Fidel Ortiz. A member of the Royal Canadian Air Force, he was killed during a bombing raid over Berlin, Germany on June 28, 1942 and buried at the Bergen-OP-Zoom Canadian War Cemetery in Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="18402266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402266" title="Stream (type theory)">
Stream (type theory)

In type theory and functional programming, a stream is a potentially infinite analog of a list, given by the inductive definition:
Generating and computing with streams requires lazy evaluation, either implicitly in a lazily evaluated language or by creating and forcing thunks in an eager language. In total languages they must be defined as codata and can be iterated over using (guarded) corecursion.

</doc>
<doc id="18402268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402268" title="Wise guy">
Wise guy

Wise guy, Wise Guy, and Wiseguy can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18402272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402272" title="Mowdish Range">
Mowdish Range

The Mowdish Range is a mountain range in east-central British Columbia, Canada. It has an area of 303 km2 and is a subrange of the Cariboo Mountains which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="18402281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402281" title="Karl Kummer">
Karl Kummer

Karl Kummer (born August 3, 1909) is a Swiss boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to Shunpei Hashioka.

</doc>
<doc id="18402283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402283" title="Tasmanian state election, 1964">
Tasmanian state election, 1964

Elections for the House of Assembly was held in the Australian state of Tasmania on 2 May 1964.
The Labor Party, in power since 1934, was seeking a tenth term in office, and Premier Eric Reece was contesting his second election in that role, this time against Leader of the Opposition Angus Bethune of the Liberal Party. Despite its longevity, the peculiarities of the Tasmanian Hare-Clark system meant it had served as a minority government with the support of independents since the 1946 election.
Results.
Labor won a majority in the House of Assembly with 19 of the 35 seats. Dr Reg Turnbull, the former Labor treasurer who had won 27.9% as an independent in Bass in 1959 (equal to 5.64% of the statewide vote) departed in 1961 for the Australian Senate, with most of his vote returning to his former party.

</doc>
<doc id="18402287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402287" title="Glider (band)">
Glider (band)

Glider is a 4 piece jazz/rock combo created by Jim Bogios and David Immergluck - both members of Counting Crows. The band also includes bass player Yoshi Sako (Beatropolis) and Danny Eisenberg (Acacia Collective, Ryan Adams Band) on the Hammond B3. Glider was formed to allow Jim Bogios and David Immergluck to play music that they both enjoyed as children when they were not playing with Counting Crows, and was primarily modeled after Booker T and the M.G.'s and The Meters. Bogios, Immergluck and Eisenberg have had numerous collaborations around the San Francisco Bay Area. The band has never released a studio recording, but a number of bootleg recordings and videos from live shows and a handful of studio recordings have been circulated among fans. Between 2003 and 2009, Glider played shows in San Francisco, Oakland, Berkeley and Sacramento between Counting Crows tours. Glider has been inactive since their last show on December 26th 2009 at Cafe Du Nord in San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="18402289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402289" title="TV7 Bordeaux">
TV7 Bordeaux

TV7 Bordeaux is a local television channel in Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18402295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402295" title="Ante (name)">
Ante (name)

Ante is a Croatian male first name. It is a common Croatian given name which is cognate to the name Anthony. 

</doc>
<doc id="18402298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402298" title="Centric Software">
Centric Software

Centric Software is a Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) company headquartered in Campbell, California, USA. Its solutions target fast moving consumer goods industries, including apparel, footwear, and private label products.
History.
Founded as Coryphaeus Software in 1989 by former NASA electronics engineer, Steve Lakowske, it originally provided real-time simulation software. In 1998, Chris Groves joined as CEO and changed the company name to Centric Software. In late 2004, Centric acquired Framework Technologies for its project collaboration, product innovation and portfolio management solutions. Two years later the company acquired Product Sight Corporation of Bellevue, WA, a developer of product data and enterprise search technology.

</doc>
<doc id="18402299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402299" title="Edwin G. Waite">
Edwin G. Waite

Edwin G. Waite (died 30 October 1894) was a politician, newspaper man, author, and goldminer. He was a member of California's 16th State Assembly district, Alameda, California from 1855 until 1856. In 1891, he became Secretary of State of California, and died in office in 1894. He belonged to the Whig, Know Nothing, Union, and Republican parties during his political career.
While living in Nevada County, California, Waite was a newspaperman associated with the "Nevada Daily Transcript" of Nevada City, California. He also was coauthor of "The Discovery of Gold in California", which included, in the section titled 'Pioneer Mining', a reprint of Waite's recollections about his experiences in the 1849–1851 gold diggings period.
He married Julia Eliza Stone (born 1839-03-17) on 1856-05-13 and they had four daughters:
Waite is interred in the Sacramento Historic City Cemetery in Sacramento, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18402301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402301" title="World Chess Championship 1978">
World Chess Championship 1978

The 1978 World Chess Championship was played between Anatoly Karpov and Viktor Korchnoi in Baguio City, Philippines from July 18 to October 18, 1978. Karpov won.
The match of 1978 deserves its reputation as the most bizarre World Championship match ever played. Karpov's team included a Dr. Zukhar (a well known hypnotist), while Korchnoi adopted two local renegades currently on bail for attempted murder. There was more controversy off the board, with histrionics ranging from X-raying of chairs, protests about the flags used on the board, the inevitable hypnotism complaints and the mirror glasses used by Korchnoi. When Karpov's team sent him a blueberry yogurt during a game without any request for one by Karpov, the Korchnoi team protested, claiming it could be some kind of code. They later said this was intended as a parody of earlier protests, but it was taken seriously at the time.
In quality of play, the match itself never measured up to the press headlines that it generated, although as a sporting contest it had its share of excitement. The match would go to the first player to win six games, draws not counting. After 17 games, Karpov had an imposing 4–1 lead. Korchnoi won game 21, but Karpov won game 27, putting him on the brink of victory with a 5–2 lead. Korchnoi bravely fought back, scoring three wins and one draw in the next four games, to equalise the match at 5–5 after 31 games. However, Karpov won the very next game, and the match, by 6–5 with 21 draws.
1976 Interzonal tournaments.
Two interzonal tournaments were held in 1976 in Manila and Biel, with the top 3 from each qualifying for the Candidates Tournament.
Mecking, Polugaevsky, and Hort qualified for the Candidates Tournament.
Larsen qualified outright for the Candidates Tournament. Petrosian, Portisch, and Tal contested a playoff in Varese later in the year for the remaining two spots, from which Petrosian and Portisch qualified.
1977 Candidates Tournament.
As loser of the last championship (by forfeiture) and runner-up of the previous Candidates tournament, respectively, Korchnoi and Bobby Fischer were seeded directly into the tournament. When Fischer declined, Spassky, as semifinalist, of the previous tournament, was offered the spot. The two seeded players were joined by the top three from each of the two interzonals. Viktor Korchnoi was stateless and played under the FIDE flag.
Korchnoi narrowly defeated Petrosian again in the Candidates quarter finals, then comfortably won his matches against Polugaevsky and Spassky to emerge as the official challenger to Karpov.
1978 Championship match.
The first player to win six games would be Champion.
Karpov won, retaining his title.
Games.
Game 1<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Queen's Gambit Declined, Tartakower (Makogonov-Bondarevsky) Syst<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. c4 Nf6 2. Nc3 e6 3. Nf3 d5 4. d4 Be7 5. Bg5 h6 6. Bh4 O-O 7. e3 b6 8. Rc1 Bb7 9. Bd3 dxc4 10. Bxc4 Nbd7 11. O-O c5 12. dxc5 Nxc5 13. Qe2 a6 14. Rfd1 Qe8 15. a3 Nfe4 16. Nxe4 Nxe4 17. Bxe7 Qxe7 18. Nd4 Rfc8 ½–½
Remarks: The match began with this Queen's Gambit Declined that became a quiet draw in 18 moves.
Game 2<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Ruy Lopez, Open<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. e4 e5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. Bb5 a6 4. Ba4 Nf6 5. O-O Nxe4 6. d4 b5 7. Bb3 d5 8. dxe5 Be6 9. c3 Bc5 10. Nbd2 O-O 11. Bc2 Bf5 12. Nb3 Bg4 13. Nxc5 Nxc5 14. Re1 d4 15. h3 Bh5 16. cxd4 Bxf3 17. Qxf3 Nxd4 18. Qc3 Qd5 19. Be3 Nxc2 20. Qxc2 Nd3 21. Red1 Rfd8 22. Qxc7 Qxe5 23. Qxe5 Nxe5 24. b3 f6 25. Bb6 Rxd1+ 26. Rxd1 Rc8 27. Rd2 h5 28. Be3 Kf7 29. f4 ½–½
Remarks: Another draw with a nearly symmetrical position on the last move.
Game 3<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Nimzo-Indian, 4.e3 c5, 5.Ne2 (Rubinstein)<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. c4 Nf6 2. d4 e6 3. Nc3 Bb4 4. e3 c5 5. Nge2 cxd4 6. exd4 d5 7. c5 Ne4 8. Bd2 Nxd2 9. Qxd2 a5 10. a3 Bxc3 11. Nxc3 Bd7 12. Bd3 a4 13. O-O O-O 14. f4 g6 15. Kh1 Nc6 16. Bc2 Ne7 17. Rae1 b6 18. Rf3 Re8 19. Rfe3 Bc6 20. cxb6 Qxb6 21. g4 Qc7 22. f5 exf5 23. gxf5 Qd6 24. Rh3 Nxf5 25. Bxf5 gxf5 26. Rg1+ Kh8 27. Rh6 Re6 28. Rxe6 Qxe6 29. Qg5 Qg6 30. Qh4 Qe6 ½–½
Remarks: Drawn on move 30 with nearly equal material.
Game 4<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Ruy Lopez, Open<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. e4 e5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. Bb5 a6 4. Ba4 Nf6 5. O-O Nxe4 6. d4 b5 7. Bb3 d5 8. dxe5 Be6 9. c3 Bc5 10. Nbd2 O-O 11. Bc2 Bf5 12. Nb3 Bg4 13. Nxc5 Nxc5 14. Re1 Bh5 15. h3 Re8 16. Bf4 Ne6 17. Bd2 Nc5 18. Bf4 Ne6 19. Bd2 ½–½
Remarks: Although cramped, White's position was nearly impenetrable, resulting in a fourth straight draw.
Game 5<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Nimzo-Indian, 4.e3 c5, 5.Ne2 (Rubinstein)<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. c4 Nf6 2. d4 e6 3. Nc3 Bb4 4. e3 c5 5. Nge2 d5 6. a3 Bxc3+ 7. Nxc3 cxd4 8. exd4 dxc4 9. Bxc4 Nc6 10. Be3 O-O 11. O-O b6 12. Qd3 Bb7 13. Rad1 h6 14. f3 Ne7 15. Bf2 Nfd5 16. Ba2 Nf4 17. Qd2 Nfg6 18. Bb1 Qd7 19. h4 Rfd8 20. h5 Nf8 21. Bh4 f6 22. Ne4 Nd5 23. g4 Rac8 24. Bg3 Ba6 25. Rfe1 Rc6 26. Rc1 Ne7 27. Rxc6 Qxc6 28. Ba2 Qd7 29. Nd6 Bb7 30. Nxb7 Qxb7 31. Qe3 Kh8 32. Rc1 Nd5 33. Qe4 Qd7 34. Bb1 Qb5 35. b4 Qd7 36. Qd3 Qe7 37. Kf2 f5 38. gxf5 exf5 39. Re1 Qf6 40. Be5 Qh4+ 41. Bg3 Qf6 42. Rh1 Nh7 43. Be5 Qg5 44. Qxf5 Qd2+ 45. Kg3 Nhf6 46. Rg1 Re8 47. Be4 Ne7 48. Qh3 Rc8 49. Kh4 Rc1 50. Qg3 Rxg1 51. Qxg1 Kg8 52. Qg3 Kf7 53. Bg6+ Ke6 54. Qh3+ Kd5 55. Be4+ Nxe4 56. fxe4+ Kxe4 57. Qg4+ Kd3 58. Qf3+ Qe3
59. Kg4 Qxf3+ 60. Kxf3 g6 61. Bd6 Nf5 62. Kf4 Nh4 63. Kg4 gxh5+ 64. Kxh4 Kxd4 65. Bb8 a5 66. Bd6 Kc4 67. Kxh5 a4 68. Kxh6 Kb3 69. b5 Kc4 70. Kg5 Kxb5 71. Kf5 Ka6 72. Ke6 Ka7 73. Kd7 Kb7 74. Be7 Ka7 75. Kc7 Ka8 76. Bd6 Ka7 77. Kc8 Ka6 78. Kb8 b5 79. Bb4 Kb6 80. Kc8 Kc6 81. Kd8 Kd5 82. Ke7 Ke5 83. Kf7 Kd5 84. Kf6 Kd4 85. Ke6 Ke4 86. Bf8 Kd4 87. Kd6 Ke4 88. Bg7 Kf4 89. Ke6 Kf3 90. Ke5 Kg4 91. Bf6 Kh5 92. Kf5 Kh6 93. Bd4 Kh7 94. Kf6 Kh6 95. Be3+ Kh5 96. Kf5 Kh4 97. Bd2 Kg3 98. Bg5 Kf3 99. Bf4 Kg2 100. Bd6 Kf3 101. Bh2 Kg2 102. Bc7 Kf3 103. Bd6 Ke3 104. Ke5 Kf3 105. Kd5 Kg4 106. Kc5 Kf5 107. Kxb5 Ke6 108. Kc6 Kf6 109. Kd7 Kg7
110. Be7 Kg8 111. Ke6 Kg7 112. Bc5 Kg8 113. Kf6 Kh7 114. Kf7 Kh8 115. Bd4+ Kh7 116. Bb2 Kh6 117. Kg8 Kg6 118. Bg7 Kf5 119. Kf7 Kg5 120. Bb2 Kh6 121. Bc1+ Kh7 122. Bd2 Kh8 123. Bc3+ Kh7 124. Bg7 ½–½
Remarks: This Nimzo-Indian Defense led to a grueling Bishop endgame spanning 124 moves and finally ending in the stalemating Black (see Stalemate#Korchnoi versus Karpov). Korchnoi later explained that since he could not beat Karpov, he would simply stalemate him, adding that it gave him great pleasure to do this to the world champion. The game was adjourned twice. Korchnoi overlooked a win by checkmate on move 55.
Game 6<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
English, Four Knights, Kingside Fianchetto<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. c4 e5 2. Nc3 Nf6 3. Nf3 Nc6 4. g3 Bb4 5. Bg2 O-O 6. O-O e4 7. Ne1 Bxc3 8. dxc3 h6 9. Nc2 Re8 10. Ne3 d6 11. Qc2 a5 12. a4 Qe7 13. Nd5 Nxd5 14. cxd5 Nb8 15. Be3 Bf5 16. h3 Nd7 17. c4 b6 18. Qc3 Nc5 19. b3 Qd7 20. Kh2 Re7 21. Bd4 f6 22. Rac1 Qe8 23. Qe3 ½–½
Remarks: A deadlocked draw in under 30 moves.
Game 7<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Nimzo-Indian, 4.e3 O-O 5.Bd3<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. d4 Nf6 2. c4 e6 3. Nc3 Bb4 4. e3 O-O 5. Bd3 c5 6. d5 b5 7. dxe6 fxe6 8. cxb5 Bb7 9. Nf3 d5 10. <br>O-O Nbd7 11. Ne2 Qe8 12. Ng3 e5 13. Bf5 g6 14. Bh3 a6 15. Ng5 axb5 16. Ne6 c4 17. Bd2 Bc5 18. Nc7 Qe7 19. Nxa8 Rxa8 20. a3 Nb6 21. Qc2 Bc8 22. Bxc8 Rxc8 23. Ba5 Nbd7 24. Qd2 Bd6 25. Bb4 Nc5 26. Bxc5 Bxc5 27. Kh1 Qd6 28. Rad1 Kh8 29. Qc2 Qe6 30. Ne2 Qc6 31. h3 Re8 32. b4 Bb6 33. Qb2 Kg8 34. Rfe1 Kf7 35. Qc2 d4 36. Ng3 Rd8 37. exd4 exd4 38. Qd2 d3 39. Qh6 c3 40. Ne4 Nxe4 41. Qxh7+ Kf8 42. Qh8+ ½–½
Remarks: A somewhat controversial draw. It was widely debated as to whether Karpov could have forced a win.
Game 8<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Ruy Lopez, Open<br>
Result: 1-0<br>
1. e4 e5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. Bb5 a6 4. Ba4 Nf6 5. O-O Nxe4 6. d4 b5 7. Bb3 d5 8. dxe5 Be6 9. Nbd2 Nc5 10. c3 g6 11. Qe2 Bg7 12. Nd4 Nxe5 13. f4 Nc4 14. f5 gxf5 15. Nxf5 Rg8 16. Nxc4 dxc4 17. Bc2 Nd3 18. Bh6 Bf8 19. Rad1 Qd5 20. Bxd3 cxd3 21. Rxd3 Qc6 22. Bxf8 Qb6+ 23. Kh1 Kxf8 24. Qf3 Re8 25. Nh6 Rg7 26. Rd7 Rb8 27. Nxf7 Bxd7 28. Nd8+ 1-0
Remarks: After seven straight draws, Karpov managed to win game 8 by trapping Korchnoi in a mating net.
Game 9<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Queen's Gambit Declined<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. c4 Nf6 2. Nc3 e6 3. Nf3 d5 4. d4 Be7 5. Bf4 O-O 6. e3 c5 7. dxc5 Bxc5 8. Qc2 Nc6 9. Rd1 Qa5 10. a3 Be7 11. Nd2 e5 12. Bg5 d4 13. Nb3 Qd8 14. Be2 h6 15. Bxf6 Bxf6 16. O-O Be6 17. Nc5 Qe7 18. Nxe6 Qxe6 19. Nd5 Rad8 20. Bd3 Ne7 21. Nxf6+ Qxf6 22. exd4 exd4 23. Rfe1 Rd7 24. Re4 Nc6 25. Qe2 g6 26. Re1 Kg7 27. b4 b6 28. Qg4 Rfd8 29. h4 h5 30. Qg3 Qd6 31. f4 Re7 32. Rxe7 Nxe7 33. Re5 a5 34. Rxh5 axb4 35. axb4 Qxb4 36. Rb5 Qd2 37. Kh2 Qe3 38. Rxb6 Ra8 39. Qxe3 dxe3 40. Rb2 Ra3 41. Be4 Rc3 ½–½
Remarks: Drawn after Korchnoi ran into time trouble.
Game 10<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Ruy Lopez, Open<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. e4 e5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. Bb5 a6 4. Ba4 Nf6 5. O-O Nxe4 6. d4 b5 7. Bb3 d5 8. dxe5 Be6 9. Nbd2 Nc5 10. c3 d4 11. Ng5 dxc3 12. Nxe6 fxe6 13. bxc3 Qd3 14. Nf3 Qxd1 15. Bxd1 Be7 16. Be3 Nd3 17. Bb3 Kf7 18. Rad1 Ndxe5 19. Nxe5+ Nxe5 20. Bf4 Nc4 21. Bxc4 bxc4 22. Rd4 Bd6 23. Be3 Rhb8 24. Rxc4 Rb2 25. a4 Ra2 26. g3 Rb8 27. Rd1 Rbb2 28. Rdd4 Rb1+ 29. Kg2 Rba1 30. Rh4 h6 31. Bc5 e5 32. Ba7 Ke6 33. Rcg4 Be7 34. Rh5 Bf6 35. Rc4 Kd7 36. Bb8 c6 37. Re4 Rxa4 38. c4 Ra5 39. Bxe5 Bxe5 40. Rhxe5 Rxe5 41. Rxe5 Ra4 42. Re4 Ra5 43. h4 h5 44. Rf4 ½–½
Remarks: A drawn rook ending.
Game 11<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
King's Indian Attack<br>
Result: 1-0<br>
1. g3 c5 2. Bg2 Nc6 3. e4 g6 4. d3 Bg7 5. f4 d6 6. Nf3 Nf6 7. O-O O-O 8. c3 Rb8 9. Qe2 Ne8 10. Be3 Nc7 11. d4 cxd4 12. cxd4 Bg4 13. Rd1 d5 14. e5 Qd7 15. Nc3 Rfc8 16. Qf1 b5 17. h3 Bxf3 18. Bxf3 b4 19. Bg4 e6 20. Na4 Na5 21. Nc5 Qe8 22. Be2 Nb7 23. Nxb7 Rxb7 24. Rdc1 Qd7 25. Rc2 b3 26. axb3 Rxb3 27. Qc1 Rb7 28. Ba6 Rcb8 29. Bxb7 Rxb7 30. Ra3 h6 31. Rac3 Nb5 32. Rc8+ Kh7 33. R2c6 f6 34. Kg2 Qf7 35. Qc2 a5 36. g4 fxe5 37. fxe5 a4 38. Ra8 Na7 39. Ra6 Qe7 40. Rxa4 Rc7 41. Qb3 Nc6 42. Ra1 Nb4 43. Rc1 Rc4 44. Rb8 Rxc1 45. Bxc1 Qc7 46. Rxb4 Qxc1 47. Qd3 h5
48. Rb6 Bh6 49. gxh5 Qg5+ 50. Qg3 Qd2+ 1-0
Remarks: Karpov makes an ill-considered exchange on move 41, leaving him with an isolated rook that is useless in fending off Black's queen and bishop.
Game 12<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Ruy Lopez, Open, Howell Attack<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. e4 e5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. Bb5 a6 4. Ba4 Nf6 5. O-O Nxe4 6. d4 b5 7. Bb3 d5 8. dxe5 Be6 9. Qe2 Be7 10. Rd1 O-O 11. c4 bxc4 12. Bxc4 Bc5 13. Be3 Bxe3 14. Qxe3 Qb8 15. Bb3 Na5 16. Ne1 Qb6 17. Qxb6 cxb6 18. f3 Nxb3 19. axb3 Nc5 20. b4 Nd7 21. Nd3 g5 22. Nc3 Rfc8 23. Nf2 d4 24. Ne2 d3 25. Nxd3 Bc4 26. Ng3 Bxd3 27. Rxd3 Nxe5 28. Rd5 Ng6 29. Rxg5 Rc2 30. b3 Rb2 31. Nf5 Rxb3 32. h4 Kf8 33. h5 Ne7 34. Nxe7 Kxe7 35. Re1+ Kf8 36. Re4 a5 37. Reg4 Ke7 38. bxa5 Rxa5 39. h6 Rxg5 40. Rxg5 b5 41. Rg7 Rb1+ 42. Kh2 Rd1 43. Rxh7 Rd8 44. Rg7 Rh8 ½–½
Remarks: Another drawn rook endgame.
Game 13<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Queen's Gambit Declined<br>
Result: 0-1<br>
1. c4 Nf6 2. Nc3 e6 3. Nf3 d5 4. d4 Be7 5. Bg5 h6 6. Bh4 O-O 7. Rc1 b6 8. Bxf6 Bxf6 9. cxd5 exd5 10. g3 c6 11. Bg2 Bf5 12. O-O Qd6 13. e3 Nd7 14. Ne1 Rfe8 15. Nd3 g6 16. Nf4 Bg7 17. g4 Be6 18. h3 Nf8 19. Nxe6 Nxe6 20. Qd3 Rad8 21. Rc2 Nc7 22. Na4 Qd7 23. b3 Re6 24. Nc3 Rd6 25. b4 Bf8 26. Ne2 b5 27. Qb3 Na8 28. a4 bxa4 29. Qxa4 Nb6 30. Qb3 Rb8 31. Nf4 Nc4 32. Qa4 f5 33. gxf5 Qxf5 34. Qxa7 Rxb4 35. Ra2 Qc8 36. Rc1 Rb7 37. Qa4 Rf7 38. Rxc4 dxc4 39. Qxc4 Qf5 40. Nd3 Bg7 41. Ra7 Rdf6 42. Rxf7 Rxf7 43. d5 Be5 44. dxc6 Kg7 45. Be4 Qg5+ 46. Kf1 Bd6 47. Bd5 Re7 48. Bf3 h5 49. Bd1 Qf5 50. Ke2 Re4 51. Qc3+ Qf6 52. Qb3 Qf5 53. Qb7+ Re7 54. Qb2+ Kh7 55. Qd4 Bc7 56. Qh4 Re4 57. f4 Bb6 58. Bc2 Rxe3+ 59. Kd2 Qa5+ 60. Kd1 Qa1+ 61. Kd2 Re4 0-1
Remarks: Korchnoi threw away his chance at a draw with 56. Qh4. His queen was effectively trapped and unable to come to the king's defense.
Game 14<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Ruy Lopez, Open<br>
Result: 1-0<br>
1. e4 e5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. Bb5 a6 4. Ba4 Nf6 5. O-O Nxe4 6. d4 b5 7. Bb3 d5 8. dxe5 Be6 9. c3 Bc5 10. Nbd2 O-O 11. Bc2 Bf5 12. Nb3 Bg4 13. h3 Bh5 14. g4 Bg6 15. Bxe4 dxe4 16. Nxc5 exf3 17. Bf4 Qxd1 18. Raxd1 Nd8 19. Rd7 Ne6 20. Nxe6 fxe6 21. Be3 Rac8 22. Rfd1 Be4 23. Bc5 Rfe8 24. R7d4 Bd5 25. b3 a5 26. Kh2 Ra8 27. Kg3 Ra6 28. h4 Rc6 29. Rxd5 exd5 30. Rxd5 Rce6 31. Bd4 c6 32. Rc5 Rf8 33. a4 bxa4 34. bxa4 g6 35. Rxa5 Ree8 36. Ra7 Rf7 37. Ra6 Rc7 38. Bc5 Rcc8 39. Bd6 Ra8 40. Rxc6 Rxa4 41. Kxf3 h5 42. gxh5 gxh5 43. c4 Ra2 44. Rb6 Kf7 45. c5 Ra4 46. c6 Ke6 47. c7 Kd7 48. Rb8 Rc8 49. Ke3 Rxh4 50. e6+ 1-0
Remarks: Karpov won game 14 after his opponent's pieces were effectively trapped.
Game 15<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Queen's Gambit Declined<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. c4 Nf6 2. Nc3 e6 3. Nf3 d5 4. d4 Be7 5. g3 O-O 6. Bg2 dxc4 7. Ne5 Nc6 8. Bxc6 bxc6 9. Nxc6 Qe8 10. Nxe7+ Qxe7 11. Qa4 c5 12. Qxc4 cxd4 13. Qxd4 e5 14. Qh4 Rb8 15. Bg5 Rxb2 16. O-O Qe6 17. Bxf6 Qxf6 18. Qxf6 gxf6 19. Rab1 Rxb1 20. Rxb1 Be6 21. f3 Rc8 22. Rc1 Rb8 23. Rc2 Rc8 24. Kf2 Bxa2 25. Rxa2 ½–½
Game 16<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
French, Tarrasch<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. e4 e6 2. d4 d5 3. Nd2 c5 4. exd5 exd5 5. Bb5+ Bd7 6. Qe2+ Qe7 7. Bxd7+ Nxd7 8. dxc5 Nxc5 9. Nb3 Qxe2+ 10. Nxe2 Nxb3 11. axb3 Bc5 12. Bd2 Ne7 13. Nf4 O-O 14. O-O Rfd8 15. Nd3 Bb6 16. c3 f6 17. Rfd1 Kf7 18. Kf1 Nf5 19. Be1 Ne7 20. Nb4 Rd7 21. Rd3 Rad8 22. Rad1 Ke6 23. Bd2 Nc6 24. Nxc6 bxc6 25. b4 Kf7 26. Be3 Bxe3 27. Rxe3 Rb8 28. Re2 Rb5 29. Ra1 Rdb7 30. Rd2 Ke6 31. Ra6 R5b6 32. Ra2 Kd6 33. Ke2 Re7+ 34. Kd3 a6 35. Rd1 Kc7 36. Raa1 Kd8 37. f3 Re5 38. Kd4 Kc7 39. Re1 Kd6 40. f4 Rxe1 41. Rxe1 a5 42. bxa5 Rxb2 ½–½
Game 17<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Nimzo-Indian, 4.e3 O-O 5.Bd3<br>
Result: 0-1<br>
1. c4 Nf6 2. Nc3 e6 3. d4 Bb4 4. e3 O-O 5. Bd3 c5 6. d5 b5 7. dxe6 fxe6 8. cxb5 a6 9. Nge2 d5 10. <br>O-O e5 11. a3 axb5 12. Bxb5 Bxc3 13. bxc3 Ba6 14. Rb1 Qd6 15. c4 d4 16. Ng3 Nc6 17. a4 Na5 18. Qd3 Qe6 19. exd4 cxd4 20. c5 Rfc8 21. f4 Rxc5 22. Bxa6 Qxa6 23. Qxa6 Rxa6 24. Ba3 Rd5 25. Nf5 Kf7 26. fxe5 Rxe5 27. Rb5 Nc4 28. Rb7+ Ke6 29. Nxd4+ Kd5 30. Nf3 Nxa3 31. Nxe5 Kxe5 32. Re7+ Kd4 33. Rxg7 Nc4 34. Rf4+ Ne4 35. Rd7+ Ke3 36. Rf3+ Ke2 37. Rxh7 Ncd2 38. Ra3 Rc6 39. Ra1 Nf3+ 0-1
Game 18<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Pirc, Classical<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. e4 d6 2. d4 Nf6 3. Nc3 g6 4. Nf3 Bg7 5. Be2 O-O 6. O-O Bg4 7. Be3 Nc6 8. Qd3 e5 9. d5 Nb4 10. Qd2 a5 11. h3 Bd7 12. Bg5 Qe8 13. Nh2 Kh8 14. a3 Na6 15. Bh6 Bxh6 16. Qxh6 Ng8 17. Qe3 f5 18. exf5 Bxf5 19. Rac1 Nf6 20. g4 Bd7 21. f4 exf4 22. Qxf4 Nc5 23. Rce1 Nfe4 24. Qe3 Qe5 25. Nxe4 Nxe4 26. Bf3 Ng5 27. Qxe5+ dxe5 28. Bg2 Rxf1+ 29. Nxf1 Re8 30. Nd2 a4 31. Re3 Kg7 32. Kf2 Re7 33. c4 b6 34. Rc3 h5 35. Kg3 hxg4 36. hxg4 Be8 37. c5 bxc5 38. Ne4 Nxe4+ 39. Bxe4 Kf6 40. Rxc5 Kg5 41. Bd3 Rf7 42. Be2 Rh7 43. Bf3 Rf7 44. Rc4 Rh7 45. Rb4 Re7 46. Kf2 Bd7 47. Kg3 Be8 48. Kf2 Bd7 49. Ke3 e4 50. Bxe4 Kxg4 51. Kf2 Kg5 52. Bc2 Re5 53. Bxa4 Bxa4 54. Rxa4 Rxd5 55. Ke3 Rb5 56. b4 Re5+ 57. Kd4 Kf4 58. Ra8 g5 59. Rc8 Re4+ 60. Kd5 Re5+ 61. Kc6 g4 62. Rxc7 g3 63. Kb6 g2 64. Rc1 Kf3 ½–½
Game 19<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Catalan, Closed, 5.Nf3<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. c4 Nf6 2. g3 e6 3. Bg2 d5 4. Nf3 Be7 5. d4 O-O 6. Nbd2 b6 7. O-O Bb7 8. cxd5 exd5 9. Ne5 Nbd7 10. Ndf3 c5 11. b3 a5 12. Bb2 Ne4 13. Rc1 Re8 14. Nxd7 Qxd7 15. Ne5 Qe6 16. Nd3 Bd6 17. dxc5 bxc5 18. e3 a4 19. bxa4 Ba6 20. Re1 Bxd3 21. Qxd3 Rxa4 22. Qb3 Raa8 23. Bxe4 dxe4 24. Qxe6 Rxe6 25. a3 Ra4 26. Red1 f6 27. Kf1 Kf7 28. Rc2 Be7 29. Rd7 Rb6 30. g4 Ke6 31. Rc7 Ra8 32. Rd2 g6 33. Kg2 f5 34. g5 Rd6 35. Rc2 Rda6 36. h4 R8a7 37. Rc8 Ra8 38. Rc7 R8a7 39. Rc8 ½–½
Game 20<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Caro-Kann<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. e4 c6 2. d4 d5 3. Nd2 dxe4 4. Nxe4 Nf6 5. Nxf6+ exf6 6. Bc4 Nd7 7. Ne2 Bd6 8. O-O O-O 9. Bf4 Nb6 10. Bd3 Be6 11. c3 Nd5 12. Bxd6 Qxd6 13. Qd2 Rad8 14. Rfe1 g6 15. Rad1 Kg7 16. Be4 Nc7 17. b3 Rfe8 18. Bb1 Bg4 19. h3 Bxe2 20. Rxe2 Rxe2 21. Qxe2 Nd5 22. Qd2 Nf4 23. Be4 f5 24. Bf3 h6 25. h4 Ne6 26. Qe3 Nc7 27. c4 f4 28. Qc3 Qf6 29. Qa5 Ne6 30. d5 cxd5 31. cxd5 b6 32. Qa4 Nc5 33. Qxa7 Nd7 34. d6 Qxh4 35. Qc7 Qf6 36. b4 h5 37. a4 Kh6 38. b5 g5 39. Bc6 Nc5 40. d7 Kg7 41. Re1 Ne6 42. Qd6 g4 43. Kf1 g3 44. Qe5 h4 45. a5 bxa5 46. b6 Qxe5 47. Rxe5 Rb8 48. b7 Nd8 49. Re8 Kf6 50. fxg3 fxg3 51. Ke2 Kg7 52. Bf3 a4 53. Re4 Kf6 54. Rxa4 Ke7 55. Rxh4 Kxd7 56. Rf4 Kd6 57. Rb4 Kc7 58. Rc4+ Kd7 59. Bg4+ Ke8 60.
Re4+ Kf8 61. Bd7 Rxb7 62. Re8+ Kg7 63. Rxd8 Rb2+ ½–½
Game 21<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Queen's Gambit Declined<br>
Result: 1-0<br>
1. c4 Nf6 2. Nc3 e6 3. Nf3 d5 4. d4 Be7 5. Bf4 O-O 6. e3 c5 7. dxc5 Bxc5 8. Qc2 Nc6 9. Rd1 Qa5 10. a3 Re8 11. Nd2 e5 12. Bg5 Nd4 13. Qb1 Bf5 14. Bd3 e4 15. Bc2 Nxc2+ 16. Qxc2 Qa6 17. Bxf6 Qxf6 18. Nb3 Bd6 19. Rxd5 Re5 20. Nd4 Rc8 21. Rxe5 Qxe5 22. Nxf5 Qxf5 23. O-O Rxc4 24. Rd1 Qe5 25. g3 a6 26. Qb3 b5 27. a4 Rb4 28. Qd5 Qxd5 29. Rxd5 Bf8 30. axb5 a5 31. Rd8 Rxb2 32. Ra8 f5 33. Rxa5 Bb4 34. Ra8+ Kf7 35. Na4 Rb1+ 36. Kg2 Bd6 37. Ra7+ Kf6 38. b6 Bb8 39. Ra8 Be5 40. Nc5 Bd6 41. b7 Ke7 42. Rg8 Be5 43. f4 exf3+ 44. Kxf3 Kf7 45. Rc8 Ke7 46. h3 h5 47. Rg8 Kf7 48. Rd8 g5 49. g4 hxg4+ 50. hxg4 Ke7 51. Rg8 fxg4+ 52. Kxg4 Kf7 53. Rc8 Bd6
54. e4 Rg1+ 55. Kf5 g4 56. e5 Rf1+ 57. Ke4 Re1+ 58. Kd5 Rd1+ 59. Nd3 Rxd3+ 60. Kc4 1-0
Game 22<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
French, Tarrasch<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. e4 e6 2. d4 d5 3. Nd2 c5 4. exd5 exd5 5. Bb5+ Bd7 6. Qe2+ Be7 7. dxc5 Nf6 8. Nb3 O-O 9. Be3 Re8 10. Nf3 Bxc5 11. Nxc5 Qa5+ 12. Qd2 Qxb5 13. O-O-O b6 14. Nxd7 Nbxd7 15. Kb1 Ne4 16. Qd3 Qxd3 17. Rxd3 Ndf6 18. h3 Nc5 19. Rdd1 Ne6 20. c3 b5 21. Nd4 a6 22. Nc2 a5 23. Rd3 Rab8 24. Rhd1 h6 25. f4 Rbc8 26. g4 d4 27. cxd4 Nd5 28. Rf1 b4 29. Bd2 Re7 30. f5 Ng5 31. Ne3 Nf6 32. d5 Nxh3 33. d6 Rd7 34. Nd5 Nxd5 35. Rxd5 Ra8 36. Be3 Ng5 37. Bb6 Ne4 38. Rfd1 a4 39. R5d4 Re8 40. Rxb4 Rxd6 41. Rxd6 Nxd6 42. Bc7 Re1+ 43. Kc2 Ne8 44. Ba5 a3 45. Rb8 Re7 46. Bb4 Re2+ 47. Kd3 axb2 48. Bd2 Re7 49. a4 Rd7+ 50. Kc2 Kh7 51. Rxb2 h5 52. gxh5 Nd6
53. Ra2 Nxf5 54. a5 Nd4+ 55. Kc3 Nc6 56. a6 Rd5 57. Bf4 Rf5 58. Bd6 Rd5 59. Bg3 Rg5 60. Bf2 Rxh5 61. Kc4 Na5+ 62. Kc3 Nc6 63. Ra4 Kg8 64. Kc4 Na5+ ½–½
Game 23<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Queen's Gambit Declined<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. c4 Nf6 2. Nc3 e6 3. Nf3 d5 4. d4 Be7 5. Bf4 O-O 6. e3 c5 7. dxc5 Bxc5 8. Qc2 Nc6 9. Rd1 Qa5 10. a3 Be7 11. Nd2 e5 12. Bg5 d4 13. Nb3 Qb6 14. Bxf6 Bxf6 15. Nd5 Qd8 16. Bd3 g6 17. exd4 Nxd4 18. Nxd4 exd4 19. Nxf6+ Qxf6 20. O-O Be6 21. Rfe1 Rac8 22. b3 Rfd8 23. Be4 Rc7 24. Qd2 Bg4 25. f3 Be6 26. a4 b6 27. a5 b5 28. cxb5 Bxb3 29. Rb1 Bd5 30. b6 axb6 31. Rxb6 Rc6 32. Rxc6 Bxc6 33. Bd3 Bd7 34. a6 Bf5 35. Qf4 Kg7 36. Bxf5 Qxf5 37. Qxf5 gxf5 38. Ra1 d3 39. Kf2 Re8 40. Ra2 Re7 41. Rd2 Re6 42. a7 ½–½
Game 24<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Ruy Lopez, Open<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. e4 e5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. Bb5 a6 4. Ba4 Nf6 5. O-O Nxe4 6. d4 b5 7. Bb3 d5 8. dxe5 Be6 9. c3 Be7 10. Bc2 Nc5 11. h3 O-O 12. Re1 Qd7 13. Nd4 Nxd4 14. cxd4 Nb7 15. Nd2 c5 16. dxc5 Nxc5 17. Nf3 Bf5 18. Be3 Rac8 19. Rc1 Bxc2 20. Rxc2 Ne6 21. Rd2 Rfd8 22. Qb3 Rc4 23. Red1 Qb7 24. a3 g6 25. Qa2 a5 26. b3 Rc3 27. a4 bxa4 28. bxa4 Rc4 29. Rd3 Kg7 30. Qd2 Rxa4 31. Bh6+ Kg8 32. Rxd5 Rxd5 33. Qxd5 Qxd5 34. Rxd5 Bf8 35. Bxf8 Kxf8 36. g3 Ke7 37. Rb5 Nc7 38. Rc5 Ne6 39. Rb5 Nd8 40. Kg2 h6 41. Nd2 Ra1 42. Nc4 Nc6 43. Rc5 Kd7 44. Nb6+ Kc7 45. Nc8 Kxc8 ½–½
Game 25<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
English<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. c4 Nf6 2. Nc3 e5 3. g3 Bb4 4. Qb3 Nc6 5. Nd5 Bc5 6. e3 O-O 7. Bg2 Nxd5 8. cxd5 Ne7 9. Ne2 d6 10. O-O c6 11. d4 exd4 12. exd4 Bb6 13. Bg5 Bd7 14. a4 h6 15. Bxe7 Qxe7 16. Bf3 Rab8 17. a5 Bc7 18. Qc3 Rfc8 19. Nf4 Bd8 20. Rfe1 Qf8 21. Qb3 Bg5 22. Ne2 Bf6 23. Rad1 c5 24. Be4 Qd8 25. Qa2 Bg4 26. dxc5 Rxc5 27. b4 Rc7 28. Qb3 Rbc8 29. f3 Bd7 30. Qe3 a6 31. Bd3 Bb2 32. Kg2 Qf6 33. Rb1 Ba4 34. Nf4 g6 35. Re2 Bc1 36. Qe4 Kf8 37. b5 axb5 38. Qb4 Rc5 39. Rxc1 Rxc1 40. Nxg6+ Kg7 41. Ne7 R1c4 42. Bxc4 Rxc4 43. Qxd6 Rc3 44. f4 Qxd6 45. Nf5+ Kg6 46. Nxd6 Bb3 47. f5+ Kg7 48. Ne8+ Kf8 49. Nf6 Kg7 50. Nh5+ Kf8 51. Nf4 Bc4 52. Re5 Ra3 53. d6 Ra2+ 54. Kf3 Rd2 55. Re7 Rxd6 56. Rxb7 Ra6 57. Rb6 Rxa5 58. Rxh6 b4 59. Rc6 Bb5 60. Rc1 b3 61. Rb1 Bc4 62. Ke4 Ra2 63. Kd4 Rc2 64. Nd3 Bxd3 65. Kxd3 Rxh2 66. Rxb3 Kg7 67. Ke4 Ra2 68. Kf4 Ra4+ 69. Kg5 Ra5 70. g4 Rc5 71. Kh5 Ra5 72. Rf3 Rb5 73. g5 Rb1 74. f6+ Kh7 75. Rh3 Rg1 76. Rh2 Rg3 77. Rh1 Rg2 78. Ra1 Rh2+ 79. Kg4 Kg6 80. Ra8 Rg2+ ½–½
Game 26<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
English<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. c4 e5 2. Nc3 d6 3. g3 f5 4. Bg2 Nc6 5. d3 Nf6 6. e3 Be7 7. Nge2 O-O 8. O-O Qe8 9. f4 Bd8 10. a3 Rb8 11. b4 Be6 12. Nd5 b5 13. Bb2 bxc4 14. dxc4 e4 15. Nxf6+ Bxf6 16. Bxf6 Rxf6 17. Rc1 a5 18. b5 Nd8 19. Rf2 Nb7 20. Bf1 Nc5 21. Nc3 Bf7 22. Nd5 Bxd5 23. cxd5 Nd3 24. Bxd3 exd3 25. Qxd3 Qxb5 26. Qxb5 Rxb5 27. Rxc7 Rf7 ½–½
Game 27<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
English, Four Knights, Kingside Fianchetto<br>
Result: 0-1<br>
1. c4 Nf6 2. Nc3 e5 3. Nf3 Nc6 4. g3 Bb4 5. Nd5 Nxd5 6. cxd5 Nd4 7. Nxd4 exd4 8. Qc2 Qe7 9. Bg2 Bc5 10. O-O O-O 11. e3 Bb6 12. a4 dxe3 13. dxe3 a5 14. Bd2 Bc5 15. Bc3 d6 16. Qd2 b6 17. Rfe1 Bd7 18. e4 Rfe8 19. Kh1 c6 20. e5 cxd5 21. Bxd5 Rad8 22. Qf4 Qf8 23. Qf3 dxe5 24. Bxe5 Bg4 25. Qxg4 Rxd5 26. Bc3 Red8 27. Kg2 Bd4 28. Rac1 g6 29. Qe2 Qd6 30. Bxd4 Rxd4 31. Qb5 Rb4 32. Re8+ Kg7 33. Rxd8 Qxd8 34. Qe2 Qd5+ 35. f3 Rxa4 36. Rc2 Rd4 37. Qe3 b5 38. h4 h5 39. Qe2 a4 40. Qe3 b4 41. Rf2 0-1
Game 28<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Ruy Lopez, Open<br>
Result: 0-1<br>
1. e4 e5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. Bb5 a6 4. Ba4 Nf6 5. O-O Nxe4 6. d4 b5 7. Bb3 d5 8. dxe5 Be6 9. c3 Nc5 10. Bc2 Bg4 11. Re1 Be7 12. Nbd2 Qd7 13. Nb3 Ne6 14. h3 Bh5 15. Bf5 Ncd8 16. Be3 a5 17. Bc5 a4 18. Bxe7 Qxe7 19. Nbd2 c6 20. b4 Ng5 21. Qe2 g6 22. Bg4 Bxg4 23. hxg4 Nde6 24. Qe3 h5 25. Nxg5 Qxg5 26. Qxg5 Nxg5 27. gxh5 Rxh5 28. Nf1 Rh4 29. Rad1 Ke7 30. f3 Ne6 31. Ne3 Rd8 32. Ng4 Ng5 33. Ne3 Ne6 34. Ng4 Ng7 35. Ne3 Nf5 36. Nc2 Rc4 37. Rd3 d4 38. g4 Ng7 39. Nxd4 Ne6 40. Red1 Nxd4 41. cxd4 Rxb4 42. Kf2 c5 43. d5 Rb2+ 44. Kg3 Rxa2 45. Re3 b4 46. e6 Ra3 47. Re2 fxe6 48. Rxe6+ Kf7 49. Rde1 Rd7 50. Rb6 Rd3 51. Ree6 R3xd5 52. Rxg6 a3 53. Rbf6+ Ke7 54. Re6+ Kf8 55. Ref6+ Ke7 56. Re6+ Kd8 57. Ra6 Rb7 58. Rg8+ Kc7 59. Rg7+ Rd7 60. Rg5 b3 61. Rxc5+ Kb8 0-1
Game 29<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
English, Mikenas-Carls, Sicilian Variation<br>
Result: 1-0<br>
1. c4 Nf6 2. Nc3 e6 3. e4 c5 4. e5 Ng8 5. d4 cxd4 6. Qxd4 Nc6 7. Qe4 d6 8. Nf3 dxe5 9. Nxe5 Nf6 10. Nxc6 Qb6 11. Qf3 bxc6 12. Be2 Bb7 13. O-O c5 14. Qh3 Be7 15. Bf3 O-O 16. b3 Rfd8 17. Be3 Bc6 18. Na4 Qc7 19. Bxc6 Qxc6 20. Rad1 Rac8 21. Qg3 Bd6 22. Qh4 Be7 23. f3 Kf8 24. Qf2 Rxd1 25. Rxd1 Qc7 26. Qg3 Qxg3 27. hxg3 h5 28. Kf2 Ke8 29. Ke2 g6 30. Nc3 a6 31. Na4 Rc6 32. Rh1 Bd6 33. Bf2 Nd7 34. g4 hxg4 35. Rh8+ Ke7 36. fxg4 g5 37. Be3 f6 38. Nc3 Kf7 39. Rh7+ Ke8 40. Ne4 Be7 41. Rh6 Kf7 42. Rh7+ Kf8 43. Rh8+ Kf7 44. Bd2 Nf8 45. Rh1 Kg6 46. Rd1 f5 47. Nf2 Bd6 48. Bc3 Nd7 49. gxf5+ exf5 50. g4 Nb6 51. Kf3 Be7 52. Ba5 Rf6 53. Kg2 fxg4 54. Nxg4 Re6 55. Kf3 Bf6 56. Nxf6 Rxf6+ 57. Kg4 Nc8 58. Bd8 Rf4+ 59. Kg3
Rf5 60. a4 Kf7 61. Rd3 Re5 62. Kg4 Kg6 63. a5 Re4+ 64. Kf3 Rf4+ 65. Ke3 Rh4 66. Rd5 Rh3+ 67. Kd2 Rxb3 68. Rxc5 Rb8 69. Rc6+ Kf5 70. Rxa6 g4 71. Rf6+ Ke4 72. Bc7 Rb2+ 73. Kc3 Rb7 74. Bh2 Rh7 75. Bb8 Rb7 76. Bg3 Rb1 77. Rf4+ Ke3 78. Rf8 Ne7 79. a6 1-0
Game 30<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
English<br>
Result: ½–½<br>
1. c4 Nf6 2. Nc3 d5 3. cxd5 Nxd5 4. g3 g6 5. Bg2 Nxc3 6. bxc3 Bg7 7. Nf3 O-O 8. O-O c5 9. Rb1 Nc6 10. Qa4 Na5 11. d3 b6 12. Qh4 Bb7 13. Bh6 Bxh6 14. Qxh6 Bxf3 15. Bxf3 Rc8 16. Bg2 Qd7 17. Rbe1 b5 18. Rb1 Rb8 19. Qe3 Qd6 20. Rfd1 a6 21. Rd2 Rfc8 22. Rdb2 Nc6 23. Qd2 Ne5 24. Qf4 Nd7 25. Qxd6 exd6 26. Bh3 Rd8 27. a4 bxa4 28. Bxd7 Rxb2 29. Rxb2 Rxd7 30. Ra2 Kf8 31. Rxa4 Ra7 32. Kf1 Ke8 33. Ke1 Kd7 34. Kd2 h5 35. Kc2 Ra8 36. Rf4 Ke6 37. h4 Rb8 38. Re4+ Kd7 39. Ra4 Ra8 40. Rf4 Ke6 41. Rc4 Ra7 ½–½
Game 31<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Queen's Gambit Declined<br>
Result: 1-0<br>
1. c4 e6 2. Nc3 d5 3. d4 Nf6 4. cxd5 exd5 5. Bg5 Be7 6. e3 O-O 7. Bd3 Nbd7 8. Nf3 Re8 9. Qc2 c6 10. O-O Nf8 11. Bxf6 Bxf6 12. b4 Bg4 13. Nd2 Rc8 14. Bf5 Bxf5 15. Qxf5 Qd7 16. Qxd7 Nxd7 17. a4 Be7 18. Rfb1 Nf6 19. a5 a6 20. Na4 Bf8 21. Nc5 Re7 22. Kf1 Ne8 23. Ke2 Nd6 24. Kd3 Rce8 25. Re1 g6 26. Re2 f6 27. Rae1 Bh6 28. Ndb3 Bf8 29. Nd2 Bh6 30. h3 Kf7 31. g4 Bf8 32. f3 Rd8 33. Ndb3 Nb5 34. Rf1 Bh6 35. f4 Bf8 36. Nd2 Nd6 37. Rfe1 h6 38. Rf1 Rb8 39. Ra1 Rbe8 40. Rae1 Rb8 41. e4 dxe4+ 42. Ndxe4 Nb5 43. Nc3 Rxe2 44. Rxe2 Bxc5 45. bxc5 Rd8 46. Nxb5 axb5 47. f5 gxf5 48. gxf5 Rg8 49. Kc3 Re8 50. Rd2 Re4 51. Kb4 Ke8 52. a6 bxa6 53. Ka5 Kd7 54. Kb6 b4 55. d5 cxd5 56. Rxd5+ Kc8 57. Rd3 a5 58. Rg3 b3 59. Kc6
Kb8 60. Rxb3+ Ka7 61. Rb7+ Ka6 62. Rb6+ Ka7 63. Kb5 a4 64. Rxf6 Rf4 65. Rxh6 a3 66. Ra6+ Kb8 67. Rxa3 Rxf5 68. Rg3 Rf6 69. Rg8+ Kc7 70. Rg7+ Kc8 71. Rh7 1-0
Game 32<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Pirc, Classical<br>
Result: 1-0<br>
1. e4 d6 2. d4 Nf6 3. Nc3 g6 4. Nf3 Bg7 5. Be2 O-O 6. O-O c5 7. d5 Na6 8. Bf4 Nc7 9. a4 b6 10. Re1 Bb7 11. Bc4 Nh5 12. Bg5 Nf6 13. Qd3 a6 14. Rad1 Rb8 15. h3 Nd7 16. Qe3 Ba8 17. Bh6 b5 18. Bxg7 Kxg7 19. Bf1 Nf6 20. axb5 axb5 21. Ne2 Bb7 22. Ng3 Ra8 23. c3 Ra4 24. Bd3 Qa8 25. e5 dxe5 26. Qxe5 Ncxd5 27. Bxb5 Ra7 28. Nh4 Bc8 29. Be2 Be6 30. c4 Nb4 31. Qxc5 Qb8 32. Bf1 Rc8 33. Qg5 Kh8 34. Rd2 Nc6 35. Qh6 Rg8 36. Nf3 Qf8 37. Qe3 Kg7 38. Ng5 Bd7 39. b4 Qa8 40. b5 Na5 41. b6 Rb7 1-0

</doc>
<doc id="18402315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402315" title="Shunpei Hashioka">
Shunpei Hashioka

Shunpei Hashioka (; born July 7, 1911) is a Japanese boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to Stig Cederberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18402324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402324" title="Jakarta (disambiguation)">
Jakarta (disambiguation)

Jakarta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18402329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402329" title="Ahdri Zhina Mandiela">
Ahdri Zhina Mandiela

ahdri zhina mandiela (born May 10, 1953 in Jamaica) is a Toronto-based dub poet, theatre producer, and artistic director. She has gained worldwide acclaim for her books, music recordings, film, theatre and dance productions.
Mandiela is the founder and artistic director of "b current", a not-for-profit performance arts company in Toronto.
In 2006 she was selected to write and direct a project for Winnie Mandela as part of the 50th anniversary of the South African Women's Liberation Movement.
Works.
Theatre.
"Who Knew Grannie: A Dub Aria" (2010)

</doc>
<doc id="18402330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402330" title="Vimy Ridge (British Columbia)">
Vimy Ridge (British Columbia)

Vimy Ridge is a mountain ridge in east-central British Columbia, Canada. It has an area of 8 km2 and is a subrange of the Cariboo Mountains which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains.
Vimy Ridge is named to commemorate the Battle of Vimy Ridge in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="18402338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402338" title="Walter Mathä">
Walter Mathä

Walter Mathä (born September 25, 1914) is an Austrian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to Stig Cederberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18402344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402344" title="World Chess Championship 1981">
World Chess Championship 1981

The 1981 World Chess Championship was played between Anatoly Karpov and Viktor Korchnoi in Meran, Italy from October 1 to November 19, 1981. Karpov won.
1979 Interzonal tournaments.
Two Interzonals were held in 1979, one in Riga and the other in Rio de Janeiro.
The Riga interzonal was won in dominant fashion by Tal, who went through the tournament undefeated ahead of Polugaevsky. They were joined in the Candidates Tournament by Adorján, whose better tie-break score in the main tournament put him ahead of Ribli, after the two drew a playoff in Budapest 3-3.
The Interzonal in Rio saw Portisch, Petrosian and Hübner share first place between them and all three advanced to the Candidates Tournament.
Home favourite Henrique Mecking (rating 2615) had to withdraw after two rounds, having drawn both his games against Ivkov and Smejkal. His results weren't counted in the totals for the other players.
1980/81 Candidates Tournament.
Korchnoi, the loser of the last championship match, and Spassky, the loser of the last Candidates final, were seeded directly into the tournament and joined by the top three from each of the two Interzonals.
When the quarterfinal between Portisch and Spassky was tied after 14 games, Portisch was declared the winner because he had won more games with Black.
Hübner resigned the final match with two unfinished games, leaving it up to Korchnoi to face Karpov in a third consecutive championship match.
1981 Championship match.
The first player to win six games would be Champion.
Karpov won. This 6–2 victory has been dubbed "Massacre in Meran".
Games.
Game 1<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Queen's Gambit Declined, Tartakower (Makogonov-Bondarevsky) system<br>
Result: 0-1<br>
1.c4 e6 2.Nc3 d5 3.d4 Be7 4.Nf3 Nf6 5.Bg5 h6 6.Bh4 O-O 7.e3 b6 8.Rc1 Bb7 9.Be2 Nbd7 10.cxd5 exd5 11.O-O c5 12.dxc5 bxc5 13.Qc2 Rc8 14.Rfd1 Qb6 15.Qb1 Rfd8 16.Rc2 Qe6 17.Bg3 Nh5 18.Rcd2 Nxg3 19.hxg3 Nf6 20.Qc2 g6 21.Qa4 a6 22.Bd3 Kg7 23.Bb1 Qb6 24.a3 d4 25.Ne2 dxe3 26.fxe3 c4 27.Ned4 Qc7 28.Nh4 Qe5 29.Kh1 Kg8 30.Ndf3 Qxg3 31.Rxd8+ Bxd8 32.Qb4 Be4 33.Bxe4 Nxe4 34.Rd4 Nf2+ 35.Kg1 Nd3 36.Qb7 Rb8 37.Qd7 Bc7 38.Kh1 Rxb2 39.Rxd3 cxd3 40.Qxd3 Qd6 41.Qe4 Qd1+ 42.Ng1 Qd6 43.Nhf3 Rb5 0-1
Remarks: Karpov marched out to a victory in Game 1. Korchnoi resigned on move 44, down a pawn and with an inferior position.
Game 2<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Ruy Lopez, Berlin Defence, Open variation<br>
Result:1-0<br>
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bb5 Nf6 4.O-O Nxe4 5.d4 Be7 6.Qe2 Nd6 7.Bxc6 bxc6 8.dxe5 Nb7 9.Nc3 O-O 10.Re1 Nc5 11.Be3 Ne6 12.Rad1 d5 13.exd6 cxd6 14.Nd4 Bd7 15.Nf5 d5 16.Nxe7+ Qxe7 17.Qd2 Qh4 18.Ne2 Rfe8 19.b3 Re7 20.Ng3 Qf6 21.f3 Be8 22.Ne2 h6 23.Bf2 Qg6 24.Nc1 d4 25.Nd3 Qf6 26.Bg3 Rd7 27.Re5 Qd8 28.Rde1 Rd5 29.Rxd5 Qxd5 30.Re5 Qd7 31.Qe1 Rc8 32.b4 Qd8 33.Ra5 Qd7 34.h3 f6 35.Rxa7 Qd5 36.Ra5 Qd7 37.Ra7 Qd5 38.Ra5 Qd7 39.Qe4 Bf7 40.Qf5 Re8 41.Kh2 Qb7 42.a3 Rd8 43.h4 h5 44.Nf2 Qd7 45.Ra6 Qe8 46.Qa5 Bg6 47.Nd3 Kh7 48.Qb6 Rc8 49.a4 Bf5 50.a5 c5 51.bxc5 Bxd3 52.cxd3 Nxc5 53.Ra7 Qg6 54.Rc7 Rxc7 55.Bxc7 Nxd3 56.Qxd4 Ne5 57.Bxe5 1-0
Remarks: Karpov proceeded to win Game 2 with this Ruy Lopez opening. Korchnoi resigned on move 57, down a pawn and a piece, and also unable to stop his opponent's passed pawn from queening.
Game 3<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Queen's Gambit Declined, Tartakower (Makogonov-Bondarevsky) system<br>
Result: 1/2-1/2<br>
1.c4 e6 2.Nc3 d5 3.d4 Be7 4.Nf3 Nf6 5.Bg5 h6 6.Bh4 O-O 7.e3 b6 8.Rc1 Bb7 9.Be2 dxc4 10.Bxc4 Nbd7 11.O-O c5 12.Qe2 a6 13.a4 Ne4 14.Nxe4 Bxe4 15.Bg3 Qc8 16.dxc5 bxc5 17.Nd2 Bc6 18.b3 Rd8 19.Bd3 Qb7 20.f3 Nf6 21.Rfd1 Nd5 22.e4 Nb4 23.Bb1 Be8 24.e5 Nc6 25.Bf2 Nd4 26.Bxd4 Rxd4 27.Be4 Bc6 28.Bxc6 Qxc6 29.Nc4 Rad8 30.Rxd4 cxd4 31.Qd3 Bb4 32.g3 Rb8 33.Kg2 Bc3 34.Rb1 Qd5 35.h4 h5 36.Kf2 Bb4 37.Kg2 Be7 38.Rd1 Qb7 39.Rb1 Qd5 40.Rb2 Bb4 41.Rb1 1/2-1/2
Remarks: Game 3 was drawn on move 42 with both sides having equal positions and material.
Game 4<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Petrov's Defence<br>
Result: 1-0<br>
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nf6 3.Nxe5 d6 4.Nf3 Nxe4 5.d4 d5 6.Bd3 Be7 7.O-O Nc6 8.Re1 Bf5 9.Bb5 Bf6 10.Nbd2 O-O 11.Nf1 Ne7 12.c3 Ng6 13.Bd3 Nd6 14.Bxf5 Nxf5 15.Qb3 b6 16.Qb5 a6 17.Qd3 Qd7 18.Ng3 Nxg3 19.hxg3 a5 20.Bg5 Bxg5 21.Nxg5 Rfe8 22.b3 Rad8 23.Nf3 f6 24.Nd2 Kf7 25.Nf1 h5 26.Rxe8 Rxe8 27.Qf3 Rh8 28.Ne3 Ne7 29.Re1 g6 30.Qf4 Kg7 31.g4 g5 32.Qf3 hxg4 33.Nxg4 Qd6 34.g3 c6 35.c4 f5 36.Qe3 Ng6 37.c5 Qd8 38.Ne5 bxc5 39.Nxc6 Qf6 40.Qe6 cxd4 41.Qxd5 d3 42.Qd7+ Qf7 43.Ne7 Kh7 44.Kg2 Re8 45.Rh1+ Nh4+ 46.gxh4 Qxe7 47.Qxf5+ Kg7 48.hxg5 Qb7+ 49.f3 Re2+
50.Kf1 Kg8 51.Qxd3 Re6 52.Qd8+ Kg7 53.Qd4+ 1-0
Remarks: Karpov won his third game in a queen ending with overpowering material advantage.
Game 5<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Queen's Gambit Declined<br>
Result: 1/2-1/2<br>
1.c4 e6 2.Nc3 d5 3.d4 Be7 4.Nf3 Nf6 5.Bg5 h6 6.Bh4 O-O 7.Rc1 b6 8.cxd5 Nxd5 9.Nxd5 exd5 10.Bxe7 Qxe7 11.g3 Ba6 12.e3 c5 13.dxc5 bxc5 14.Bxa6 Nxa6 15.Qxd5 Nb4 16.Qc4 Qf6 17.Nh4 Qxb2 18.O-O Qxa2 19.Qxa2 Nxa2 20.Rxc5 Rfc8 21.Ra5 Nc1 22.Nf5 Rc7 23.Nd4 Rb8 24.Ra1 Nd3 25.Rfd1 Ne5 26.Ra2 g6 27.Rda1 Rbb7 28.h3 h5 29.Kg2 Kg7 30.Ra5 Nc6 31.Nxc6 Rxc6 32.Rxa7 Rxa7 33.Rxa7 Rc2 34.e4 Rc3 35.Ra2 Kf6 36.f3 Rb3 37.Kf2 Rc3 38.Ke2 Rb3 39.Ra6+ Ke7 40.Ra5 Kf6 41.Rd5 Ra3 42.Rd6+ Kg7 43.h4 Rb3
44.Rd3 Rb5 45.Ke3 1/2-1/2
Remarks: This match resulted in a rook ending where Black was down a pawn, but both sides were effectively stalemated as neither were able to advance their pawns.
Game 6<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Ruy Lopez, Open, 9.c3<br>
Result: 0-1<br>
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bb5 a6 4.Ba4 Nf6 5.O-O Nxe4 6.d4 b5 7.Bb3 d5 8.dxe5 Be6 9.c3 Bc5 10.Nbd2 <br>O-O 11.Bc2 Bf5 12.Nb3 Bg6 13.Nfd4 Bxd4 14.cxd4 a5 15.Be3 a4 16.Nc1 a3 17.b3 f6 18.exf6 Qxf6 19.Ne2 Nb4 20.Bb1 Qe7 21.Qe1 Rfe8 22.Nf4 Bf7 23.Qc1 c5 24.dxc5 Qf6 25.Bxe4 Rxe4 26.Ne2 d4 27.Ng3 Ree8 28.Qd2 Nc6 29.Bg5 Qe5 30.Rac1 d3 31.Rfd1 Bg6 32.Be3 Re6 33.Bf4 Qf6 34.Re1 Rae8 35.Rxe6 Rxe6 36.Rb1 h5 37.h3 h4 38.Bg5 Qd4 39.Be3 Qd5 40.Nf1 Be4 41.Bf4 Bxg2 0-1
Remarks: Game 6 ended with equal material, but Karpov could not defend against the onslaught on his king's position. Korchnoi thus scored his first win in the match.
Game 7<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Queen's Gambit Declined<br>
Result: 1/2-1/2<br> 
1.c4 e6 2.Nc3 d5 3.d4 Be7 4.Nf3 Nf6 5.Bg5 h6 6.Bh4 O-O 7.Rc1 b6 8.cxd5 Nxd5 9.Nxd5 exd5 10.Bxe7 Qxe7 11.g3 Ba6 12.e3 c5 13.dxc5 Bb7 14.Bg2 bxc5 15.O-O Nd7 16.Qb3 Rfb8 17.Qa3 Qe6 18.Rfd1 a5 19.Ne1 a4 20.Nd3 d4 21.Bxb7 Rxb7 22.exd4 cxd4 23.Re1 Qd5 24.Rc2 Nf8 25.Nf4 Qa5 26.Rce2 Qb5 27.Qf3 Rab8 28.h4 Qf5 29.Re5 Qf6 30.Qd5 Rxb2 31.Rf5 1/2-1/2
Remarks: Black was effectively stymied in this Queen's Gambit Declined despite being ahead a pawn.
Game 8<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Giuoco Piano<br>
Result: 1/2-1/2<br>
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bc4 Bc5 4.c3 Nf6 5.d3 d6 6.Nbd2 a6 7.O-O O-O 8.Bb3 Ba7 9.h3 Be6 10.Bc2 d5 11.Re1 dxe4 12.dxe4 Nh5 13.Nf1 Qxd1 14.Rxd1 Rad8 15.Be3 f6 16.Bxa7 Nxa7 17.Ne3 Nf4 18.h4 Bf7 19.Ne1 Nc8 20.f3 Ne6 21.Nd3 Rd7 22.Bb3 Ne7 23.Nd5 Nc6 24.Ba4 b5 25.Bc2 Rfd8 26.a4 Kf8 27.g3 Rd6 28.b4 Ne7 29.Ne3 Rc6 30.Ra3 Nc8 31.axb5 axb5 32.Kf2 Nb6 33.Nb2 Rxd1 34.Bxd1 Rd6 35.Be2 Be8 36.Ra5 Rd8 37.Ke1 c6 38.Ra6 Rb8 39.Bd1 Nc8 40.Nd3 Nc7 41.Ra5 Ra8 42.f4 exf4 43.gxf4 Nb6 44.Bf3 Rd8 45.Be2 Na4 46.Ra7 Rd7 47.Kd2 Ne6 48.Rxd7 Bxd7 49.Bg4 g6 50.f5 gxf5 51.Bxf5 Kg7 52.e5 Nf8 53.Bxd7 Nxd7 54.e6 Ndb6 55.Nf4 Kf8 56.Kd3 Nc8 57.Ng4 Ke7
58.Nh6 Kd6 59.Kd4 Ne7 60.Nf7+ Kc7 61.Nh5 c5+ 62.bxc5 Nc6+ 63.Ke3 Nxc5 64.Nxf6 Nxe6 65.h5 Nf8 66.Ke4 Kb6 67.Ng5 h6 68.Nf7 Ne6 69.Ne8 Nc5+ 70.Ke3 Na4 71.Kd2 b4 72.cxb4 Nxb4 73.Nxh6 Nc5 74.Nf5 Nd5 75.h6 Ne4+ 76.Kd3 Ng5 77.Kd4 Kc6 78.Nfg7 Ne7 79.Nf6 Ng6 80.Nf5 Nf7 81.h7 Ng5 82.Ne7+ Kb7 83.Nxg6 Nxh7 84.Nxh7 1/2-1/2
Remarks: A very unusual game. For one, it utilized the Giuoco Piano, a quiet opening seldom seen in high-level play. It also developed into a relatively rare knight ending that culminated in two White knights versus a lone king, a position discussed in many chess books, but rarely seen in actual play (see two knights endgame). As it is impossible to force checkmate this way, the game ended in a draw.
Game 9<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Queen's Gambit Declined<br>
Result: 0-1<br>
1.c4 e6 2.Nc3 d5 3.d4 Be7 4.Nf3 Nf6 5.Bg5 h6 6.Bh4 O-O 7.Rc1 dxc4 8.e3 c5 9.Bxc4 cxd4 10.exd4 Nc6 11.O-O Nh5 12.Bxe7 Nxe7 13.Bb3 Nf6 14.Ne5 Bd7 15.Qe2 Rc8 16.Ne4 Nxe4 17.Qxe4 Bc6 18.Nxc6 Rxc6 19.Rc3 Qd6 20.g3 Rd8 21.Rd1 Rb6 22.Qe1 Qd7 23.Rcd3 Rd6 24.Qe4 Qc6 25.Qf4 Nd5 26.Qd2 Qb6 27.Bxd5 Rxd5 28.Rb3 Qc6 29.Qc3 Qd7 30.f4 b6 31.Rb4 b5 32.a4 bxa4 33.Qa3 a5 34.Rxa4 Qb5 35.Rd2 e5 36.fxe5 Rxe5 37.Qa1 Qe8 38.dxe5 Rxd2 39.Rxa5 Qc6 40.Ra8+ Kh7 41.Qb1+ g6 42.Qf1 Qc5+ 43.Kh1 Qd5+ 0-1
Remarks: After two draws, Karpov scored another win by forcing his opponent into a position where he could not protect his pawns and at the same time guard against mate.
Game 10<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Giuoco Piano<br>
Result: 1/2-1/2<br>
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bc4 Bc5 4.c3 Nf6 5.d3 a6 6.O-O d6 7.Re1 Ba7 8.Bb3 O-O 9.Nbd2 Be6 10.Nf1 Bxb3 11.Qxb3 Qc8 12.Ng3 Re8 13.h3 Rb8 14.Be3 Qe6 15.Qxe6 fxe6 16.Rac1 Bxe3 17.Rxe3 Rbd8 18.d4 Rd7 19.Kf1 Kf8 20.Rd1 h6 21.dxe5 Nxe5 22.Nxe5 dxe5 23.Rxd7 Nxd7 24.Ke2 Ke7 25.Nf1 b5 26.Nd2 c5 27.Rg3 Rg8 28.b3 Nb8 29.a4 Nc6 30.axb5 axb5 31.h4 Kf7 32.Rf3+ 1/2-1/2
Remarks: Karpov employs the Giuoco Piano again, leading to both sides drawing behind their pawn walls.
Game 11<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Queen's Gambit Declined<br>
Result: 1/2-1/2<br>
1.c4 e6 2.Nc3 d5 3.d4 Be7 4.Nf3 Nf6 5.Bf4 O-O 6.e3 c5 7.dxc5 Bxc5 8.Qc2 Nc6 9.Rd1 Qa5 10.a3 Be7 11.Nd2 e5 12.Bg5 d4 13.Nb3 Qd8 14.Be2 a5 15.exd4 a4 16.Nxa4 Nxd4 17.Nxd4 exd4 18.b3 Qa5+ 19.Qd2 Bxa3 20.Qxa5 Rxa5 21.Bxf6 Bb4+ 22.Kf1 gxf6 23.Rxd4 Re5 24.g4 b5 25.cxb5 Bb7 26.f3 Rfe8 27.Bd1 Rxb5 28.Kg2 Kg7 29.Kf2 Ba5 30.Rf1 Re7 31.h3 h6 32.Bc2 Rc7 33.Rc4 Rxc4 34.bxc4 Rb4 35.c5 Bc6 1/2-1/2
Remarks: Drawn on move 36. Despite Black's material advantage, he finds himself unable to achieve a breakthrough.
Game 12<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
English Opening<br>
Result: 1/2-1/2<br>
1.c4 Nf6 2.Nc3 d5 3.cxd5 Nxd5 4.Nf3 Nxc3 5.bxc3 g6 6.d4 Bg7 7.e3 c5 8.Bb5+ Nd7 9.O-O O-O 10.a4 a6 11.Bd3 b6 12.Rb1 Bb7 13.e4 Qc7 14.Re1 e6 15.e5 h6 16.h4 Rfd8 17.Bf4 Nf8 18.Be3 Rab8 19.Qe2 Bc6 20.Bxa6 cxd4 21.cxd4 Bxa4 22.Nd2 Qc6 23.Rec1 Qa8 24.Bd3 Bc6 25.f3 b5 26.Nb3 Rbc8 27.Nc5 Nd7 28.Ne4 Bxe4 29.Rxc8 Qxc8 30.Bxe4 Qc4 31.Bd3 Qc3 32.Bxb5 Nb6 33.Qd3 Nd5 34.Bf2 h5 35.Qxc3 Nxc3 36.Rb3 Nd1 37.Rd3 Nxf2 38.Kxf2 Rb8 39.Bc4 Rb2+ 40.Kg3 Rb4 41.Rc3 Rb8 42.f4 Rc8 43.Kf2 Bf8 44.Ke3 Bb4
45.Rc1 Ba3 46.Rc2 Bb4 47.Rc1 1/2-1/2
Remarks: Another draw with both kings secure behind their pawns.
Game 13<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Queen's Gambit Declined<br>
Result: 1-0<br>
1.c4 e6 2.Nc3 d5 3.d4 Be7 4.cxd5 exd5 5.Bf4 c6 6.e3 Bf5 7.g4 Be6 8.h3 Nf6 9.Nf3 O-O 10.Bd3 c5 11.Kf1 Nc6 12.Kg2 Rc8 13.Rc1 Re8 14.dxc5 Bxc5 15.Nb5 Bf8 16.Nfd4 Nxd4 17.Rxc8 Qxc8 18.exd4 Qd7 19.Nc7 Rc8 20.Nxe6 fxe6 21.Re1 a6 22.g5 Ne4 23.Qg4 Bb4 24.Re2 Rf8 25.f3 Qf7 26.Be5 Nd2 27.a3 Nxf3 28.g6 hxg6 29.Bg3 Be7 30.Rf2 Ne1+ 31.Kh2 Qxf2+ 32.Bxf2 Nxd3 33.Qxe6+ Rf7 34.Bg3 Nxb2 35.Qxd5 Bf6 36.Bd6 g5 37.Qb3 Bxd4 38.Qe6 g6 39.Qe8+ Kg7 40.Be5+ Bxe5+ 41.Qxe5+ Kh7 <br> 1-0
Remarks: Korchnoi wins his second and last victory of the tournament. Karpov resigned on move 42 down two pieces and two pawns. 
Game 14<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Ruy Lopez, Open (Tarrasch) Defence<br>
Result: 1-0<br>
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bb5 a6 4.Ba4 Nf6 5.O-O Nxe4 6.d4 b5 7.Bb3 d5 8.dxe5 Be6 9.Nbd2 Nc5 10.c3 d4 11.Bxe6 Nxe6 12.cxd4 Ncxd4 13.Ne4 Be7 14.Be3 Nxf3+ 15.Qxf3 O-O 16.Rfd1 Qe8 17.Nf6+ Bxf6 18.exf6 Qc8 19.fxg7 Rd8 20.h4 c5 21.Rac1 Qc7 22.h5 Qe5 23.h6 Qxb2 24.Rd7 Rxd7 25.Qxa8+ Rd8 26.Qxa6 Qe2 27.Rf1 Rd1 28.Qa8+ Rd8 29.Qc6 b4 30.Qa4 Qd3 31.Rc1 Qd5 32.Qb3 Qe4 33.Qc2 Qxc2 34.Rxc2 f5 35.f4 Kf7 36.g4 Rd5 37.gxf5 Rxf5 38.Rd2 Rf6 39.Rd7+ Kg8 40.f5 Rxf5 41.Re7 Nxg7 42.Rxg7+ Kh8 43.Rc7 Kg8
44.Bxc5 Rg5+ 45.Kf2 Rg6 46.Be3 1-0
Remarks: Korchnoi gets the tables turned on him in this Ruy Lopez and throws in the towel after finding himself unable to both protect his passed pawn and stop White's from queening. Earlier in the game, he had threatened mate with his queen and rook, but a counterthrust by Karpov forced him to call it off.
Game 15<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
English Opening, Four knights, kingside Fianchetto<br>
Result: 1/2-1/2<br>
1.c4 Nf6 2.Nc3 e5 3.Nf3 Nc6 4.g3 Bb4 5.Nd5 Bc5 6.Bg2 d6 7.O-O O-O 8.e3 Bg4 9.h3 Bxf3 10.Bxf3 Nxd5 11.cxd5 Ne7 12.b3 Qd7 13.Bg2 c6 14.dxc6 Nxc6 15.Bb2 d5 16.Bxe5 Nxe5 17.d4 Bd6 18.dxe5 Bxe5 19.Rc1 d4 20.Rc5 Bf6 21.Rd5 Qc7 22.exd4 Rad8 23.Qc1 Qb6 24.Rxd8 Rxd8 25.d5 g6 26.Bf3 Kg7 27.Re1 Rd7 28.Qf4 Re7 29.Rxe7 Bxe7 30.Kg2 a5 31.h4 h5 32.Be2 Bc5 33.Bc4 Qf6 34.Qd2 b6 35.a4 Qe5 36.Qd3 Qf6 37.Qd2 Qe5 38.Be2 Qe4+ 39.Bf3 Qe5 40.Bd1 Qe4+ 1/2-1/2
Remarks: Another draw with strong pawn fortifications.
Game 16<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Ruy Lopez, Open (Tarrasch) Defence<br>
Result: 1/2-1/2<br>
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bb5 a6 4.Ba4 Nf6 5.O-O Nxe4 6.d4 b5 7.Bb3 d5 8.dxe5 Be6 9.Nbd2 Nc5 10.c3 d4 11.Bxe6 Nxe6 12.cxd4 Ncxd4 13.Ne4 Be7 14.Be3 Nf5 15.Qc2 O-O 16.Neg5 Bxg5 17.Nxg5 g6 18.Nxe6 fxe6 19.Rae1 Qd5 20.b3 Rac8 21.Bc5 Rfd8 22.h3 Qc6 23.b4 Rd7 24.Rd1 Rcd8 25.Rxd7 Rxd7 26.Re1 Qd5 27.a4 Nh4 28.f3 Nf5 29.axb5 axb5 30.Qe2 Qc6 31.Rc1 Rd8 32.Be3 Qd5 33.Bf2 c6 34.Qe1 Qb3 35.Ra1 Qb2 36.Rb1 Qa2 37.Rd1 Rd5 38.Rxd5 cxd5 39.g4 Ng7 40.Bc5 h6 41.Qe3 Qc2 42.Kf1 g5 <br>1/2-1/2
Remarks: Drawn on move 43 with equal positions.
Game 17<br>
White: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Black: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Queen's Gambit Declined<br>
Result: 1/2-1/2<br>
1.Nf3 Nf6 2.c4 e6 3.Nc3 d5 4.d4 Be7 5.Bg5 h6 6.Bh4 O-O 7.Rc1 dxc4 8.e3 c5 9.Bxc4 cxd4 10.Nxd4 Bd7 11.Be2 Nc6 12.Nb3 Nd5 13.Bxe7 Ncxe7 14.Nxd5 Nxd5 15.Qd4 Bc6 16.Bf3 Ne7 17.Bxc6 Nxc6 18.Qxd8 Rfxd8 19.Ke2 Rac8 20.a3 Kf8 21.Rc2 Ne7 22.Rhc1 Rxc2+ 23.Rxc2 Ke8 1/2-1/2
Remarks: Another draw with equal positions. Somewhat oddly, White did not move his kingside pawns the entire game.
Game 18<br>
White: Karpov, Anatoly<br>
Black: Korchnoi, Viktor<br>
Ruy Lopez, Open (Tarrasch) Defence<br>
Result: 1-0<br>
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bb5 a6 4.Ba4 Nf6 5.O-O Nxe4 6.d4 b5 7.Bb3 d5 8.dxe5 Be6 9.Nbd2 Nc5 10.c3 d4 11.Bxe6 Nxe6 12.cxd4 Ncxd4 13.a4 Be7 14.Nxd4 Nxd4 15.Ne4 Ne6 16.Be3 O-O 17.f4 Qxd1 18.Rfxd1 Rfb8 19.Rd7 Bf8 20.f5 Nd8 21.a5 Nc6 22.e6 fxe6 23.f6 Ne5 24.Rxc7 Rc8 25.Rac1 Rxc7 26.Rxc7 Rd8 27.h3 h6 28.Ra7 Nc4 29.Bb6 Rb8 30.Bc5 Bxc5+ 31.Nxc5 gxf6 32.b4 Rd8 33.Rxa6 Kf7 34.Ra7+ Kg6 35.Rd7 Re8 36.a6 Ra8 37.Rb7 Kf5 38.Rxb5 Ke5 39.Rb7 Kd5 40.Rf7 f5 41.Rf6 1-0
Remarks: Black could not stop his opponent's queenside pawns while also protecting his own. With this sixth win, Karpov clinched the match and successfully defended his title as world champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18402345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402345" title="Kiss Alive 35">
Kiss Alive 35

Kiss Alive 35 is a series of 2 CD live albums, each containing a recording of the complete set from a European show on the KISS Alive/35 World Tour from 2008. A second set of recordings are also planned to be available from the North American leg of this tour in Fall/Winter 2009.
Album information.
The discs are recorded and distributed through Concert Live. There is a limited run of 1500 CDs for each recorded show. The set lists differ slightly between shows, but they are mostly made up of the all the tracks they played on their 1975 live album, Alive!. The album cover features for the first time ever on a Kiss album cover Tommy Thayer and Eric Singer in make up. All of the "Alive 35" albums are now out of print. Some of the compilations are sold out as well.
A second North American leg of the tour was planned for Fall/Winter 2009. These shows were available as live recordings, much like the Concert Live discs, except they were released by Concert Online. They are available on a 2-CD set as well as on an exclusive leather wristband USB flash drive in 320 kbps MP3 format. The cover for the CD set features all 4 current members in their new costumes, which debuted at the start of this leg of the tour. The tracklist for this leg, in addition to including many songs from the previous Alive 35 shows, will also include some songs from their 2009 studio album "Sonic Boom".
Track listing.
While the track list does differ by show and the 2 CDs may be split in different spots, most of the albums feature the following songs:
CD 1
CD 2
The second leg of the tour has seemingly eliminated "I Was Made For Lovin' You" in favor of "Modern Day Delilah" and has also added "Watchin' You" to the standard setlist. For several dates, starting with the show in Montreal on October 1, the opener was "King of the Night Time World", and "Nothin' To Lose" was dropped in favor of "I Stole Your Love". In Greenville, South Carolina, "Calling Dr. Love" and "Shock Me" were added to the setlist, taking the place of "C'Mon and Love Me" and "Got To Choose".

</doc>
<doc id="18402359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402359" title="Frigyes Kubinyi">
Frigyes Kubinyi

Frigyes Kubinyi (March 23, 1909 – August 17, 1948) was a Hungarian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming gold medalist Ulderico Sergo.

</doc>
<doc id="18402374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402374" title="Joseph Cornelis">
Joseph Cornelis

Joseph Cornelis (born 17 November 1917) is a Belgian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming gold medalist Ulderico Sergo.

</doc>
<doc id="18402377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402377" title="Wavy Range">
Wavy Range

The Wavy Range is a small mountain range east of Murtle Lake in east-central British Columbia, Canada. It has an area of 102 km2 and is a subrange of the Cariboo Mountains which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="18402383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402383" title="Ivington">
Ivington

Ivington is a village in the county of Herefordshire, England, approximately 13 miles (21 km) north of Hereford. It is about 2 miles (3 km) south-west of its post town Leominster. Ivington has a small church dedicated to St. John, and a Church of England Primary School.
Toponymy.
Ivington was recorded as "Ivintune" in the 1068 Domesday Book, the name deriving from the Old English for "estate associated with a man called Ifa".
Geography.
The village lies approximately 13 miles (21 km) north of Hereford and 2 miles (3 km) south-west of its post town, Leominster. Surrounding villages include Ivington Green, Stag Batch, Newtown and Brierley. Ivington lies just south of the River Arrow.
Notable people.
Statistician Florence Nightingale David was born in Ivington in 1909. Television presenter and writer Monty Don lives in Ivington.

</doc>
<doc id="18402391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402391" title="World Chess Championship 1985">
World Chess Championship 1985

The 1985 World Chess Championship was played between Anatoly Karpov and Garry Kasparov in Moscow from September 3 to November 9, 1985. Kasparov won, to become the thirteenth and youngest world champion at the age of 22.
Background.
It is difficult to view the 1985 World Chess Championship in isolation, following as it did only 7 months after the highly controversial finish of the 1984 championship between the same players. On 8 February 1985, after 48 games had been contested over 5 months, the 1984 championship was abandoned with no result, becoming the first, and thus far only, chess world championship to finish in this way.
Politics gave another angle to the Kasparov-Karpov encounters. Due to the changing political climate in Russia at the time, the matches were often depicted as a clash of ideologies, between "new Russia" represented by Kasparov and Mikhail Gorbachev and "old Russia" represented by Karpov and Communists such as Leonid Brezhnev.
The match was also of particular importance due to the playing strength of the two competitors. Kasparov is now generally recognised as the greatest chess player of all time, whilst Karpov has a reasonable claim to be in the top 5.
The players.
At the time of the match, Karpov was the higher rated of the two players, with a rating of 2720. Kasparov was close behind, with a rating of 2700. There was a large difference in age between the two players, with Karpov (34) the older by 12 years.
Between the end of the 1984 match and the start of the 1985 match, Kasparov played matches against Robert Hübner in Germany, winning three games and drawing three, and against Ulf Andersson in Sweden, winning two games and drawing four.
Karpov also showed that he was still in good form, when he played in and won the 1985 OHRA tournament in Amsterdam, without losing a game.
As with previous World Chess Championships, each of the contestants employed other chess players as "seconds" to help with preparation and analysis of adjourned games. Karpov's seconds were Grandmasters Sergei Makarichev and Igor Zaitsev. Other assistance was provided by Efim Geller and Evgeni Vasiukov. Kasparov's seconds were Grandmaster Josif Dorfman and Alexander Nikitin with Gennadij Timoscenko and Evgeny Vladimirov also helping.
The match.
The 1985 championships represented a restart of the abandoned match. Due to the extreme duration of the previous match, FIDE agreed at a meeting in Tunisia in July 1985 that the re-arranged championship would be of fixed length, played as the best of 24 games. If the match had ended at a 12-12 draw, Karpov would have retained his title. As Karpov had been leading the 1984 championships, he was also granted an automatic rematch if he lost.
The playing regulations were that 40 moves should be made by each player in 2 hours 30 minutes, with games being adjourned to the following day after 40 moves were completed.
Kasparov's preferred venue was Leningrad and bids for the match had been received from London and Marseille. In the end, with the backing of the Soviet Chess Federation, FIDE selected Moscow's Tchaikovsky Concert Hall as the venue for the match.
The opening ceremony was held on 2 September, at which the draw for colours was made and won by Kasparov. This meant that he took the white pieces in Game 1, which started on 3 September 1985.
The games.
Game 1 and 2 - Karpov "stunned".
In Kasparov's own words, his choice of opening for game 1 "stunned" Karpov, as the position after only 4 moves was one that had not appeared in any of their previous games. Indeed, the position after move 5 had never previously appeared in any game that Karpov had played, and Karpov's first five moves took him 50 minutes to play. Kasparov won the game in 42 moves.
Karpov took White in game 2, which was drawn in 65 moves. Kasparov's analysis suggests that he could have won the game.
Games 3 to 5 - Karpov turns the tables.
Game 3 was again drawn, this time in only 20 moves with few chances for either side.
Game 4 was won by Karpov as White in 63 moves. Kasparov noted that "the entire plan Black's 21st move was put into practice by Karpov extremely strongly and consistently."
In game 5, Kasparov played with the white pieces and made a number of mistakes and Karpov won in 41 moves. This meant that Karpov had moved from a one-point deficit to a one-point lead in just three days.
Kasparov resolved at this stage "to play as resolutely as possible" and "to go in for a complicated struggle in order to regain the match initiative and if possible wear out my opponent".
Games 6 to 15 - Kasparov equalises.
After such a flurry of excitement, it is perhaps understandable that the players regrouped in the following game, which was a short 27 move draw. The following four games also ended in draws, with Karpov having slightly the worse of at least two games, but with Kasparov unable to force a victory.
Kasparov reports speaking to grandmaster Andras Adorjan after game 10, lamenting the opportunities he felt he had missed in games 7, 9 and 10. Adorjan stated 'The main thing is not the score, but the trend, which, in my opinion is favourable'. Adorjan's statement came true in game 11, which was won by Kasparov in just 25 moves, following an oversight by Karpov on move 22. 
Games 12, 13 and 15 were all drawn quickly. Game 14 also ended in a draw after forceful and accurate play on both sides. Kasparov later rated game 14 as "perhaps the 'cleanest' game of the match".
So the scores after 15 games were level at 7½ - 7½, and the match was already past the halfway point.
Game 16 - Kasparov's masterpiece.
The first 10 moves of game 16 were identical to those from game 12. Karpov was the first to deviate, but Kasparov had analysed the position deeply in his preparation before the match, and was able to take the initiative, despite playing with the black pieces.
Kasparov's positioning of a knight deep in his opponent's position as early as move 16 (see first diagram) was spectacular and ultimately decisive. The knight remained in place until move 34, when Karpov was forced to sacrifice his queen to remove it. 
"Chess Informant" readers selected this game as the best game of the first 64 issues. 
The game progressed as follows (notes based on Kasparov's analysis):
1.e4 c5 2.Nf3 e6 3.d4 cxd4 4.Nxd4 Nc6 5.Nb5 d6 6.c4 Nf6 7.N1c3 a6 8.Na3 d5 9.cxd5 exd5 10.exd5 Nb4 11.Be2 Bc5 
This move is no longer played at the top level as it was found shortly after the game that White can play 12.Be3 Bxe3 13 Qa4+ retaining the extra pawn without the difficulties encountered in this game.
12.O-O O-O 13.Bf3 Bf5
After 13 Bg5 Nbxd5 14 Nxd5 Qxd5 15 Bxf6 Qxd1 16 Rxfd1 gxf6, Black should draw easily. Kasparov commented that he thought that Karpov felt obliged to play for the win in this position.
14.Bg5 Re8 15.Qd2 b5 16.Rad1 Nd3
(see diagram) The "octopus knight" begins to dominate White's position.
17.Nab1
Karpov could have played more actively here. 17. d6 would have been better, although Black's position is still superior after 17. ... Qxd6 18. Bxa8 Rxa8.
17. ... h6 18.Bh4 b4 19.Na4 Bd6
Kasparov said that he had reached this position in his home preparation: ""A position for which I had aimed in my preparatory analysis! Black has achieved obvious advantage. White scattered his minor pieces about on either flank and are quite unable to coordinate, the placement of the knights being particularly depressing. But Black has the wonderful duo of Bf5 and Nd3 which completely paralyzes all three White major pieces - a very rare occurrence in a practical game!"" 
20.Bg3 Rc8 21.b3 g5 22.Bxd6 Qxd6 23.g3 Nd7 24.Bg2 Qf6 25.a3 a5 26.axb4 axb4 27.Qa2 Bg6 28.d6 g4 29.Qd2 Kg7 30.f3
Kasparov has slowly been building up the pressure on Karpov's position, and Karpov finally decides to try to break out. 
30. ... Qxd6 31.fxg4 Qd4+ 32.Kh1 Nf6 33.Rf4 Ne4 34.Qxd3
The knight is finally taken from d3, but it costs Karpov his queen.
34. ... Nf2+ 35.Rxf2 Bxd3 36.Rfd2 Qe3 37.Rxd3
Karpov now has three pieces for the queen (normally a reasonable exchange) but his pieces are not sufficiently co-ordinated to counter Kasparov's attack. 
37. ... Rc1 38.Nb2 Qf2 39.Nd2 Rxd1+ 40.Nxd1 Re1+ White resigns 0-1 (see second diagram)
Games 17 to 23 - Honours even.
Games 17 and 18 were short draws. In game 19 Karpov, with the black pieces, adopted an unusual opening strategy which eventually backfired on him. Kasparov won the game in 42 moves, to extend his lead to 2 points. With Kasparov now needing only four draws from five games to become World Champion, Karpov needed to start winning games. 
In Game 20, Karpov fought hard to force a victory, but was unable to win the game, and a draw was agreed after 85 moves. Game 21 also ended in a draw, this time with Kasparov generally in the ascendancy for the majority of the game.
In Game 22, Kasparov made a serious mistake from a good position, and lost the game after further mistakes from both sides.
Game 23 ended in a draw, leaving Kasparov on 12 points against Karpov's 11. Karpov needed to win with the white pieces to retain the title.
Game 24 - Karpov's must-win game.
Kasparov called game 24 the "game of his life" and has stated that working out the strategy for this encounter was difficult for him. His playing style did not lend itself to playing for a draw, so he decided to accept an open battle, with chances on both sides.
Karpov began a direct attack on Kasparov's king as early as move 15, and had chances to build up a strong attack. Kasparov defended strongly and seized a chance to launch a counterattack. Under pressure from the clock, Karpov made a decisive error on move 36. Kasparov won the World Championship after Karpov resigned on move 42.
Results.
The match was played as the best of 24 games. If it had ended 12-12, Karpov would have retained his title.

</doc>
<doc id="18402402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402402" title="José Vergara (boxer)">
José Vergara (boxer)

José Vergara (August 15, 1915 – ??) was a Chilean boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to Joseph Cornelis.

</doc>
<doc id="18402428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402428" title="Shinrinkōen Station (Saitama)">
Shinrinkōen Station (Saitama)

Lines.
Shinrinkōen Station is served by the Tobu Tojo Line from in Tokyo. Located between and , it is 52.6 km from the Ikebukuro terminus.
All services, ("TJ Liner", Rapid express, Rapid, Express, Commuter express, Semi express, Local) stop at this station. During the daytime, the station is served by two Rapid and four Express trains per hour in each direction to and from Ikebukuro, with three trains per hour continuing to and from .
Station layout.
The station consists of two island platforms serving four tracks, with the station building located above the platforms.
Platforms.
Platform 1 is normally used for terminating services and up services in the morning peak. Platform 2 is used for down trains, and platforms 3 and 4 are for up trains.
History.
The station opened on 1 March 1971.
From 17 March 2012, station numbering was introduced on the Tobu Tojo Line, with Shinrinkōen Station becoming "TJ-30".
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the station was used by an average of 13,891 passengers daily.
Bus services.
Express bus services to and from Haneda Airport are operated jointly by Kokusai Juo and Airport Transport Service ("Limousine Bus")

</doc>
<doc id="18402432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402432" title="Wizard of the Hood (song)">
Wizard of the Hood (song)

"Wizard of the Hood" is a song by the American hip hop duo Insane Clown Posse. It is the sixth song on their debut album "Carnival of Carnage" (1992).
History.
"Wizard of the Hood" was originally written by Joe Bruce sometime in the late '80s. Its first appearance was on the "Intelligence and Violence" EP, by Violent J and D-Lyrical, under the name "Wizard of Delray." The song was recorded on a karaoke machine, like the rest of the EP, thus making it Lo-Fi and slightly distorted. It is track number three on the EP, and is the first time that Faygo was mentioned in a song by Inner City Posse
In 1991, Inner City Posse saved enough money to use a professional record studio. Along with producer Chuck Miller, Inner City Posse re-recorded "Wizard of Delray" with slightly different lyrics and a whole new beat. The song was released on the EP "Dog Beats" under the new title "Wizard of the Hood." The end of the track features approximately 35 seconds of Yo Mamma jokes.
In late 1991, the Inner City Posse over went a change in genre, style, and look, as well as a name change to become the Insane Clown Posse. On October 18, 1992, Insane Clown Posse's debut album "Carnival of Carnage" was released. Track number six, "Wizard of the Hood," was the same as the 1991 Dog Beats version except instead of Yo Mamma jokes, the end of the '92 release featured a skit of Shaggy 2 Dope reading poetry before freaking out on a bug.
In 2003, Violent J released his first solo EP. Its concept and name, "Wizard of the Hood", derived from the "Wizard of Delray/Wizard of the Hood" songs.
Lyrics and story.
All three songs and the solo album tell the same basic story as The Wizard of Oz, only more urban, up-to-date, and personalized. The Scarecrow, Tin Man, Lion, and Wizard sometimes take the names of real life friends of Violent J.
"Intelligence and Violence".
In this song, Violent J gets drunk at a party at his friends house and passes out. He begins to dream. In his dream, he is drinking Faygo in his dorm room, when he sees a tornado. His house spins out of control, and lands on the Yellow brick road. When he gets out of the house, Violent J sees a 3 foot pimp who welcomes him to the new land and tells J that in order to leave, he must head down the Yellow Brick Road. The pimp also informs J that he has a murder rap because his house landed on a witch. Violent J then steals the pimp's gat and the witch's pumps. Down the road, J sees a scarecrow. The Scarecrow introduces himself as Nate "The Mack". Scarecrow Mack and Violent J continue down the road until the find the Tin Man, who is said to look like a crack head. Scarecrow Mack and Violent J take the Tin Man with them, and J plans to team with them to make plenty of cash back in Detroit. While walking through the jungle, they sing "Hoods and Hoodlums and Thieves, oh my!" (a parody of "Lions and Tigers and Bears"). Suddenly, a lion attacks Scarecrow Mack and tries to rob the trio. The lion introduces himself as Lay Low Lion. J tells the lion not to rob them, but instead rob with them in Detroit. They arrive at the castle, and shoot all of the guards. They enter the castle and find the Wizard. Violent J tells him to send him home, but the Wizard only laughs. After killing the Wizard, J finds keys to the Wizard's truck. As he begins to drive home, he wakes up from the dream. He is about to tell his friends the dream he just had, but decides not to because they would only laugh at him because he is drunk.
"Dog Beats"/"Carnival of Carnage".
This song is similar to the Intelligence and Violence story. Minor changes have been made. The pimp has a group of munchkins with him. They are more assertive toward Violent J, and tell him that he is doomed for killing the witch. J also has his own gun, instead of having to steal it from the pimp, and he does not take the witch's shoes. The Scarecrow takes no name other than "Scarecrow", but is voiced by Shaggy 2 Dope. When Violent J and the Scarecrow meet the Tin Man, he asks to be oiled up with a Red Bull 40 oz of malt liquor, unlike the first song where he just freely walks. The Tin Man is voiced by John Kickjazz. After oiling up the Tin Man, J remarks that they will see the wizard, and calls him "the Wizard of the ghetto." When walking through the jungle, J and the (then unseen) Lion have a shoot out before he emerges and attempts to rob the group. Like the Tin Man, the Lion is also voiced by John Kickjazz. When the group reach the castle, instead of killing all of the guards, they simply just let move out of the way in fear. When approached by the group, the wizard insults each of them before being shot. Violent J then steals the wizard's Geo. The song ends the same, as J drive away, he wakes up, then decides not to tell anybody.
"Wizard of the Hood" EP.
Violent J makes his way through the strange new land to get back to his home. On his way he meets the Scarecrow (voiced by Paul Methric), who only needs somebody to smoke with, the Tin Man (voiced by Jamie Spaniolo), who wants a gat, and the Lion (voiced by Chris Rouleau), who wants some hos. Anybody Killa also makes a brief cameo as a guard in the Wizard's Palace, while Shaggy 2 Dope is the voice of the Wizard. In a similar conclusion to the actual story, the Scarecrow and Tin Man are made to realize that they had what they wanted all along. The Lion's desire for ladies, however, is satisfied by the Wizard's "Magic Blunt".

</doc>
<doc id="18402443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402443" title="World Chess Championship 1986">
World Chess Championship 1986

The 1986 World Chess Championship was played between Anatoly Karpov and Garry Kasparov in London and Leningrad (Saint Petersburg) from July 28 to October 8, 1986. Kasparov won. Anatoly Karpov was already assured of this rematch during his previous year's match, which was won by Garry Kasparov.
Results.
The match was played as the best of 24 games. If it ended 12-12, Kasparov would retain his title.
Kasparov won.

</doc>
<doc id="18402446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402446" title="Scorpio's Dance">
Scorpio's Dance

"Scorpio's Dance" is an album by the rock band Shocking Blue. It was released in 1970 on Pink Elephant Records.
Track listing.
All songs on the album were written by Robbie van Leeuwen except for "Sally Was a Good Old Girl", which was composed by Hank Cochran.

</doc>
<doc id="18402451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402451" title="Symphony No. 12 (Mozart)">
Symphony No. 12 (Mozart)

Symphony No. 12 in G major, K. 110/75b, by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, was composed in Salzburg in the summer of 1771. The symphony was apparently prepared in anticipation of Mozart's second Italian journey, which was to take place between August and December 1771. The symphony is in four movements, the opening allegro being the longest movement that Mozart had written to that date. It is the first of a group of works "painted on a larger canvas and achieving a greater individuality than his earlier exuberant pieces".
Movements and instrumentation.
The instrumentation was: strings, 2 oboes, 2 horns, 2 bassoons, 2 flutes, 2 bassoons, continuo
\relative c' {
</score>
The minuet features a canon between high and low strings at the interval of a single bar. Mozart likely learned this technique from Joseph Haydn's 23rd Symphony from 1764 (also in G major).
Performance details.
There are no confirmed details as to first performance. It is possible that this symphony was first played at a concert in Milan, on 22nd or 23 November 1771. 

</doc>
<doc id="18402459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402459" title="World Chess Championship 1987">
World Chess Championship 1987

The 1987 World Chess Championship was played between Anatoly Karpov and Garry Kasparov in Seville from October 12 to December 19, 1987. Before the 24th game, Kasparov was down 12-11, but in the 24th game, Kasparov made a comeback by using the English Opening to win the final game to retain his title.
1985 Interzonal tournaments.
Three Interzonal tournaments were held in 1985 in Tunis, Taxco, and Biel, with four players qualifying from each.
Yusupov, Beliavsky, and Portisch qualified outright, while Chernin beat Gavrikov 3½-2½ in a Moscow playoff to take the fourth spot. Slim Bouaziz also started the tournament, but withdrew after six rounds, having drawn only one game and lost the rest. His results are not counted in the table above.
Balashov withdrew after 11 rounds. His last four unplayed games are marked with an asterisk (*).
Short, van der Wiel, and Torre contested a playoff, also in Biel, for the fourth and final spot in the Candidates Tournament. Short and van der Wiel were tied with 3½ points each, while Torre scored 2 points, so Short qualified on a better tie break score from the main event.
The highest placed non-qualifying player from each Interzonal met in London in September 1985 to play for the position as first reserve in the Candidates Tournament. Speelman won with 4½ points, ahead of Gavrikov (4) and van der Wiel (3½). No reserve was needed, however.
1985-87 Candidates Tournament.
The 12 qualifiers from the Interzonals were joined in the Candidates Tournament by three seeded players: Smyslov, Korchnoi, and Ribli (no. 2-4 from the previous tournament). The final spot went to Spassky, who was given a wild card by the organizers.
These 16 players first played a round-robin in Montpellier in October and November 1985, from which the top 4 would qualify for the knock-out phase.
A playoff match for fourth place was held after the main event. It ended 3-3, and Timman advanced because he had more wins during the tournament (4 against Tal's 3).
The top 4 from the round-robin played a series of matches in 1986, the winner of which (Sokolov) in turn got to play Anatoly Karpov in a final match in Linares to determine the championship challenger.
Karpov had earned the special privilege of being seeded directly into this match as part of the agreement regarding the controversial championship matches of 1984, 1985, and 1986.
Karpov won, thus earning the right to face Kasparov in a championship match for the fourth year in a row.
1987 Championship match.
The match was played as the best of 24 games. If it ended 12-12, Kasparov would retain his title.
Kasparov retained his title.

</doc>
<doc id="18402462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402462" title="Siljan Ring">
Siljan Ring

The Siljan Ring (Swedish: "Siljansringen") is a prehistoric impact crater in Dalarna, central Sweden. It is one of the 18 largest known impact craters on Earth and the largest in Europe, with a diameter of about 52 km (32 mi). The impact that created the Siljan Ring occurred when a meteorite collided with the Earth's surface during the Devonian period, about 377 million years ago. The effects of the impact can clearly be seen in the bedrock in the area. The Cambrian, Ordovician and Silurian sedimentary rocks deformed by the impact are rich in fossils.
The area around the Siljan Ring has been the site of recent prospecting for oil and natural gas, though none of the projects has so far been commercially viable. There are large deposits of lead and zinc near Boda at the western edge of the Ring.
There are several lakes in the vicinity, the largest of which is Siljan on the south-southwestern edge of the crater, with the smaller Lake Orsa to the west and Skattungen and Ore on the northeastern margin.
Geology.
The Siljan Ring consist of an annular outcrop of Lower Paleozoic sedimentary rocks within Proterozoic granites of the Dala series.
Basement rocks.
In Dalarna the basement rocks consist of granites dated as 1.6 billion years old, putting them at the boundary between the Paleoproterozoic and the Mesoproterozoic. They were emplaced shortly after the Sveckokarelian orogeny.
Sedimentary rocks.
The oldest sedimentary rocks that outcrop in the Siljan area are of Ordovician age. The sequence is dominated by limestone formations with one prominent black shale, the Fjäcka Shale, which is bituminous and has generated petroleum, sourcing the oil found in limestone cavities in the same area. The Ordovician sequence is overlain by rocks of the Llandovery series (Lower Silurian) .
Glaciation.
During the last ice age the area was covered by a thick icesheet. The bedrock was sculpted by the ice, with the softer Palaeozoic sedimentary rocks being preferentially eroded. These erosional hollows are now occupied by lakes Siljan, Orsa, Skattungen and Ore.
Oil and gas prospecting.
In accordance with theories about abiogenic petroleum (that hydrocarbons can be created without involving material from dead plants and animals), astrophysicist Thomas Gold suggested that there might be major deposits of oil and natural gas in the area. Drilling was carried out in the late 1980s and early 1990s but proved unsuccessful. Drilling for natural gas was resumed in the late 2000s and continue as of mid-2012. The scientific premise for prospecting of this sort is based on the work of physicist Vladimir Kutcherov, who is cooperating with Igrene, the company financing the drilling operations.

</doc>
<doc id="18402464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402464" title="Montana Amazon">
Montana Amazon

Montana Amazon is a 2010 American independent feature film starring Olympia Dukakis, Haley Joel Osment, Alison Brie and Haley Pullos.
Plot.
A crazed grandmother is a fugitive with her two teenage grandchildren. Along the way problems, revelations and adventures ensue. 
Reception.
It premiered at the Orlando Film Festival on November 5, 2010 and at the 7th Annual Big Apple Film Festival on November 6, 2010, where it won Best Feature Film. Actress Alison Brie won the Best Supporting Performance for "Montana Amazon" at the Orlando Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18402482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18402482" title="François Hentges">
François Hentges

François Hentges (June 11, 1885 – April 1, 1968) was a Luxembourgian gymnast who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Bonnevoie.
In 1912 he was a member of the Luxembourgian team which finished fourth in the team, European system competition and fifth in the team, free system event. In the individual all-around he finished 23rd.

</doc>
