<doc id="18442521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442521" title="Zoo Béres">
Zoo Béres

Zoltán Béres (born 29 April 1975) is a Hungarian radio host, composer, and DJ currently living in Australia.
Béres was a musician before re-inventing himself in radio. The abbreviation of his first name is pronounced "ZO" though it is a reference to the well-known Morning Zoo format. Béres was the first Hungarian shock jock to publicly mock other celebrities, pioneering a style that later became common in Hungary.
He moved to Australia in 2006.
Music career.
Béres Zoo became famous as composer, co-writer and performer with his 1996 project called 4F-Club. Their first single Balaton Fever was the year's greatest Hungarian hit, a success they later could not repeat. 4F-Club had 5 singles that received considerable airplay but the band split up in 1998. Béres released an unsuccessful solo album while at the same time working on an extensive list of other Hungarian musicians' albums, including Romantik, Happy Gang, Andrea Szulák, Groovehouse, UFO and BPM.
Under the alias "van dulek" he co-wrote "Video Camera" with DJ Surgeon in 2008, the track was played all around the globe on dance related radio stations. His last single "Stop Dave" was released mid-2009 through Musicadium.
Radio career.
After retiring from 4F-Club and music performances in general, Béres started out as a weekend DJ at Budapest start-up commercial station 96.4FM ROXY Radio (went out of service in 2010). He soon climbed up to weekday afternoons, calling his shift "Béres Zoo the Afternoon Show" () while using some aspects of the Morning Zoo radio format. The Afternoon Show featured animal characters who could easily touch even some of the most controversial subjects, after all "a pig is just a pig". Using his composer and lyrics writer experience Béres Zoo wrote several comedy songs which played a key role in his programs.
Béres became ROXY's program director in 2003. Teaming up with his childhood friend and 4F-Club partner János Sallai (dubbed Nyalaka) he then hosted ROXY's morning show titled "ROXY Riado" until late 2004 when the station changed its format and they both moved on to host Radio DeeJay's afternoon show. The station was shut down by parent Italian Radio DeeJay on 3 May 2006.
From June to September 2006 Béres Zoo and sidekick Nyalaka were hosting Balaton Radio's morning show.
Béres moved to Australia late 2006 and started DJing at Melbourne's Kiss FM where he hosted two shows every week until October 2007.
Threats and lawsuits.
During his career Béres Zoo made fun of local and international celebrities which gained him several threats.
There were several other threats that Béres briefly mentioned on-air but being a public figure he felt vulnerable to revenge and therefore never disclosed the details.

</doc>
<doc id="18442538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442538" title="Laghar Juy">
Laghar Juy

Laghar Juy is a small village located in the southern portion of the Kot valley which is at the base of the Spin Ghar mountain range, sometimes referred to as the Tora Bora mountain range.

</doc>
<doc id="18442553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442553" title="The Celebrity">
The Celebrity

The Celebrity (An Episode) (1897) is the first novel that was published by American author Winston Churchill. It was a minor best-seller of 1898.
Plot.
John Crocker has been the friend of the Celebrity long before he became famous. During a summer retreat at Asquith resort, he runs into the Celebrity who has taken the identity of another man for anonymity. The Celebrity meets Irene Trevor, daughter of an Ohio State Senator, and asks her to marry him. When a more desirable female, Marian Thorn, arrives at Asquith, the Celebrity leaves her without breaking off the marriage. This goes against the moral fiber of the Celebrity's stories. Both women know his true identity as a famous writer and are familiar with his published works.
Mr. Farquhar Fenelon Cooke and his wife are wealthy and have made a summer retreat of their own named Mohair. The Celebrity leaves Asquith for Mohair to be with Marian Thorn, who is the niece of the Cookes. The slighted Irene Trevor confides in John Crocker that the Celebrity never broke up with her and this could be used against him in the future.
Mr. Cooke throws a party and invites the people from Asquith to join them. John Crocker and Miss Trevor reluctantly go. It appears to John Crocker that Miss Thorn and the Celebrity are romantically involved and he is jealous. Mr. Cooke buys a new yacht, the Maria (named after his wife), and invites all his guests for a trip to Bear Island.
At Bear Island a newspaper brought on board the yacht reveals in a story that Charles Wrexell Allan has embezzled $100,000 from the Miles Standish Bicycle Company. This is the same man the Celebrity is impersonating. When the Celebrity asks John Crocker and Miss Trevor to reveal his true identity, they decide to be mischievous and pretend not to know him by any name but Allan.
Another yacht enters Bear Island harbor and a man in an obvious disguise, Mr. Dunn, visits the island. The party believes Mr. Dunn is a detective. Mr. Trevor demands the Celebrity be turned over to authorities. The Celebrity is hidden in a cave for the night. The next day Mr. Dunn is gone. Mr. Cooke insists on taking the Celebrity to Canada.
A police tug boat catches up to the Maria and the Celebrity is hidden in the ballast area. Captain McMain, Chief of the Far Harbor Police searches the boat but does not find the Celebrity. Mr. Cooke finds a cove to sleep in for the night. In the morning while rowing passengers back to the Maria, the police return. John Crocker, the Celebrity, Miss Thorn and Miss Trevor are left behind on shore.
During this time the Celebrity asks Miss Thorn to marry him. She tells Miss Trevor about the proposal. She states that she is still engaged to the Celebrity. It is at this time John Crocker realizes that the girls where in on a plot to humiliate the Celebrity for going against his own doctrine from his stories. After being humiliated he leaves the three and escapes into Canada. The police come back and pick up John, Miss Thorn and Miss Trevor in the police tug that is towing the Maria. During the trip back Captain McCann says he is still looking for the embezzler, Mr. Allen. Miss Thorn reveals to John Crocker that she has secretly admired him ever since they met. They realize they are going to become romantically involved in the future. When they reach shore it is revealed that Mr. Dunn, the suspected detective turns out to be Mr. Allen.
The story is wrapped up with the marriage of John Crocker and Irene Thorn. They go to Europe and while at a party, a book the Celebrity wrote is brought up. It is signed by the author. After inspection Crocker realizes the signature is a fraud. He realizes Mr. Allen is posing as the Celebrity and traveling through Europe on a book signing tour.
Later during their stay in Paris the Crocker's meet the Celebrity. He has a new girl, has no hard feeling about his summer stay at Asquith and Mohair, has traveled around the World and met Charles Wexell Allen in his travels. He reveals that Mr. Allen thanked him for inadvertently helping him in the embezzlement!
Other.
Churchill's first published novel, he started writing the book in the latter half of 1895. His plan to finish the book before an April 1896 trip to Europe did not work out, but Macmillan approved the unfinished manuscript while he was traveling, and asked him to finish it. One attempt to complete it met with some suggestions for revision from the publisher, and the rewritten version finished in France apparently got lost in the mail to New York. Churchill meanwhile began working on his next novel, "Richard Carvel", and did not turn back to completing "The Celebrity" manuscript—which he substantially rewrote—for the final time in mid-1897.
"The Celebrity"' was published in November 1897, and gained in popularity through 1898. Speculation that the "celebrity" of the book was based on popular journalist Richard Harding Davis helped propel the success of the book, but Churchill denied any such intent. The reviewers were not especially enamored of the merits of the book, but already the future promise of his next book was being speculated about.
The book is dedicated to Albert Shaw Ph.D.

</doc>
<doc id="18442556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442556" title="Harse Chhina Mogha Morcha">
Harse Chhina Mogha Morcha

The Harsha Chhina Mogha Morcha was an agrarian revolt in Harsha Chhina, Punjab, India, that took place in 1946 under the leadership of the Communist Party. Harsha Chhina is a village near RajaSansi Airport, Amritsar.The Morcha started in response to a decision taken by the British Government to decrease the supply of irrigation water to farmers by remodelling the "moghas" (canal outlets). The Morcha was headed by Comrade Achhar Singh Chhina, Sohan Singh Josh, Mohan Singh Baath, Baba Karam Singh Cheema, Jagbir Singh Chhina, and Gurdial Singh Dhillon. During this movement 950 freedom fighters were arrested by police and detained in Lahore jail for three months.
As a result of this movement an all party-negotiation was held with the Revenue Minister and government officials on providing more farming water to the agriculturalists as per the previous agreement between the farmers and government. At the end, British government agreed to the demands of the freedom fighters.
The participants of the Harsha Chhina Mogha Morcha struggle are recognized as freedom fighters by the Indian government and are entitled to freedom fighter pensions from the Freedom Fighters and Rehabilitation Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18442561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442561" title="Bodacious DF">
Bodacious DF

Bodacious DF is the only release by the short-lived band of the same name. Marty Balin had left Jefferson Airplane in 1971, and after producing an album by the band Grootna in 1972, he formed the band Bodacious DF with Grootna members Vic Smith and Dewey DeGreaze (Greg Dewey from Country Joe & the Fish). Mark Ryan, who had played with Quicksilver Messenger Service also joined. The band broke up shortly after the album was released, and Balin joined Jefferson Starship, with Charlie Hickox and Vic Smith both contributing songs to the 1976 Jefferson Starship album, "Spitfire".

</doc>
<doc id="18442580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442580" title="Centre for Policy Development">
Centre for Policy Development

The Centre for Policy Development is an Australian independent progressive think tank, founded in 2007. It was originally associated with the then magazine (and now website) New Matilda. The Executive Director in 2013 is Miriam Lyons.
Fellows of the Centre.
Fellows of the Centre include:

</doc>
<doc id="18442582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442582" title="Richard J. Saykally">
Richard J. Saykally

Richard J. Saykally (born 1947) is an American chemist. He is currently a professor at the University of California, Berkeley. He has received numerous awards for his research on the molecular characteristics of water.
Early life and education.
Born in Rhinelander, Wisconsin, Saykally received a B.S. degree in Physical chemistry from the University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire. He received a Ph. D. degree in Chemistry from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1977. He was an NRC postdoctoral fellow at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (Boulder, Colorado) from 1977-1979.
Career.
Saykally's first faculty position was at the University of California, Berkeley in 1979. He has remained at that institution his entire career, and holds the "Class of 1932 Professor Chair" there.
Saykally was listed number 15 in the "Science Watch Magazine's" "Cream of the Crop in Chemistry", a compilation of "high-impact" papers in chemistry published 1994-1996. This review tabulates the number of citations a given author's works receives in the published literature. This compilation stated "Investigation of a particular liquid - water - accounts for the presence of yet another UC Berkeley chemist on the list: Richard J. Saykally. his four highly-cited reports contribute to a detailed picture, on a time scale of trillionths of a second, of the complex interactions of water molecules."
Additionally, Saykally participated in the award-winning US PBS television series "The Sacred Balance". The second episode of that series showed Saykally explaining how the structure of the water molecule gives it special properties.
Saykally and his research team pioneered "IR Cavity Ringdown Spectroscopy" and the study of small clusters of water molecules.
Current research interests.
As of 2009, Saykally's active research includes:

</doc>
<doc id="18442584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442584" title="Max Zimmering">
Max Zimmering

Max Zimmering (November 16, 1909 – September 15, 1973), was a German writer.
Life.
Max Zimmering was born as a son of a clock maker in Pirna, Saxony. From 1914, he lived with an uncle in Dresden since his father would be drafted into the military and his mother had to move to Vienna because of her sickness. He attended the Volksschule in Dresden from 1916 to 1921, the Wettiner Gymnasium from 1921 to 1924 and the "Oberrealschule" in the Johannstadt section of Dresden from 1925 to 1930 where he took his Abitur. From age 10 through 18 he was a member of the "Kommunistischer Jugendverband Deutschlands" (KJVD) (Hiker's Group Blue-White and Boy Scout Group Kadimah). He would become a member of the trade union in 1928 and joined the Young Communist League of Germany. Since this time he was also an active writer. At first he wrote poems, short prose works and comments for the worker's papers ("Arbeitstimme" in Dresden, "Arbeiter-Illustrierte-Zeitung" in Berlin, "Die Rote Fahne" in Berlin, etc.).
He was an Agitprop leader in the KJVD in the Altstadt and later Johannstadt sections of Dresden. In the same year he joined the Jüdischen Arbeiter- und Angestelltenjugend (JAAJ), Revolutionäre Gewerkschafts Opposition and the International Red Aid.
On the occasion of the tenth anniversary of the Kommunistischen Jugendinternationale's founding, he became a member of the Communist Party of Germany in November 1929. In the same year he joined the "Bund proletarisch-revolutionärer Schriftsteller" (Union of Proletarian Revolutionary Writers) whose member he would be until 1933.
In 1930, Max Zimmering received a Lyric Poetry Prize from the Union of Proletarian Revolutionary Writers' periodical's Linkskurve's competition for his poem "Das Fließband" (The Production Line). Because this poem and his work at the leftist periodicals like "Oberprimaner", the relegation, which Zimmering contrary to others like his younger simultaneous moderate Jewish youth companion and friend Helmut Weiß at the "König-Georg-Gymnasium" threatened him shortly before the finals because there was not enough proof presented that he was in reality the author particularly under "M.Z." or "Mix" of published revolutionary poems.
After the Abitur, he began an apprenticeship as a window dresser at the company "Tietz" (probably from "Hermann Tietz"). After two years he would dismissed because of labor union work. He found work at the company "Wohlwert" (Woolworth's) in Dresden in 1932 but would be dismissed again only after half a year since he had mobilized the Zentralverband der Angestellten (Central union of Employees) in favor of the saleswomen. At this point jobless, he occupied himself intensively with writing. After the Machtergreifung of the Nazis, he worked illegally for the KPD from 1933. He emigrated to Paris in mid 1933. He journeyed again to the British Mandate of Palestine in 1934. There he worked in the illegal Communist Party of Palestine. He went to Prague in 1935 and there would be an employee of the "Deutsche Volkszeitung", the "Volksillustrierten", the "Internationalen Literatur/Deutsche Blätter" (Moscow), the Rote Fahne, Prague and particular other Czech papers. After the takeover of the Munich Agreement, he had to search for new asylum. So he went to England and lived in Oxford and then London.
The British government decided to intern all male German emigrants in 1940. So Max Zimmering undertook a "Forced World Trip" which he later described in his self-titled book. They lead him from Camp Huyton near Liverpool over to New South Wales and Victoria in Australia and play to England on the Isle of Mann. Thanks to the pains of P.E.N. and progressive Parliamentary delegation, he would be discharged from the internship in November 1941.
After his return to London, he became an editor of the "Freien Deutschen Kultur", London, a monthly newspaper of the Freien Deutschen Kulturbundes in Great Britain which he belonged to as an executive member. Besides working on the anti-fascist emigration periodicals "Internationale Literatur" and "Das Wort" (both in Moscow), "Deutsche Volkszeitung" and the "Rote Fahne" (both in Prague), "Freies Deutschland" (Mexico) and "Freie Tribüne" (London). Continuing, he participated in the work of the KPD emigration group, belonged to the London Center of PEN and the "Deutschen internationalen P.E.N." (German international PEN) and was a member of the Freien Deutschen Bewegung in London.
In 1946, he could return to Dresden through the help of Egon Erwin Kisch with a Czechoslovakian Repatriation transport.
Here he became a member of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED), Free German Trade Union Federation and the Cultural Association of the DDR. He was a Saxon Land Chairman of the Union of Persecutees of the Nazi Regime in 1949-1953, delegate in the Landtag of Saxony in 1950 to 1952 and subsequently a delegate in the Bezirkstag of the Bezirk of Dresden. Zimmering was the first chair of the Deutscher Schriftstellerverband in the Bezirk of Dresden from 1952 to 1956 and first Secretary of the Deutscher Schriftstellerverband in Berlin from 1956 to 1958. From 1958 to 1964, he worked as the director of the "Johannes R. Brechner" Institute for Literature in Leipzig.
Zimmering became a candidate for the central committee of the SED in 1963.
From 1964 until his death, he worked as a freelance writer in Dresden. He won the National Prize of East Germany in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="18442604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442604" title="Earl Alonzo Brininstool">
Earl Alonzo Brininstool

Earl Alonzo Brininstool (1870-1957) was a cowboy poet, but was not a working cowboy.
E. A. Brininstool, as he preferred to be known, was born in Warsaw, New York on October 11, 1870. He lived most his life in Los Angeles, rubbed elbows with Will Rogers and Charles Russell, who met regularly as part of a western artists group at the University Club in LA. He is best known for "Trail Dust of a Maverick" (1914) and "Bozeman Trail" (1922).
Brininstool was a prolific author on the subject of Indian Wars, especially on Little Big Horn.
Brininstool died on July 28, 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="18442608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442608" title="Mariano Diaz">
Mariano Diaz

Mariano Diaz Diaz (Villarejo de Salvanés, September 17, 1939) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer. In 1967, he won a stage of the 1967 Vuelta a España, and also won the mountains classification.

</doc>
<doc id="18442635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442635" title="Among Beggars and Thieves">
Among Beggars and Thieves

Among Beggars and Thieves is the sixth album by the Swedish power metal band Falconer, released on September 2, 2008 through Metal Blade Records. It was produced by Andy LaRocque. A heavier album than Northwind, it tells the tale of the hardships of medieval Sweden. Some of the songs seem heavily inspired by actual historical events. For example, the song "Man of the Hour" apparently deals with the fate of the Swedish 17th century warship "Kronan", the lyrics of "Mountain Men" bear a strong resemblance to the Engelbrekt rebellion, and "Boiling Led" appears to be about the assassination of Sverker I of Sweden.
Track listing.
All songs written by Stefan Weinerhall.

</doc>
<doc id="18442662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442662" title="Harsha Chhina">
Harsha Chhina

Harsha Chhina is a village in the state of Punjab, India, three kilometers from Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport, Amritsar, on Ajnala Road. "Harse" is a Urdu word which means three villages (Uchla Quila, Vichla Quila, and Sabajpura). It is one of biggest villages in Ajnala and Rajasansi Constituency. It has a population of about 6,500. Until 1968 the village had one Panchayat and thereafter each sub village got respective new Panchayats. However, now there is another sub village Kukranwala with independent panchayat that has evolved from this village. Harsha Chhina, previously under Block Development Office Chogawan, has now itself become a new Block Development Office, situated in Kukranwala. Harsha Chhina is also referred as Chhine Theh Wale, because there used to be an ancient, huge and tall mountain-like structure known as Theh in Punjabi, situated about half a kilometre west of Vichla Quila. This Theh was visible from surrounding villages in an approximately 10-kilometre radius. Unfortunately this prominent feature, which existed until the late 1990s, has disappeared, as it has been mercilessly leveled and illegally occupied by the neighbouring farmers.
Harsha Chhina Mogha Morcha : revolution against British Empire.
The Harse Chhina Mogha Morcha was an agrarian revolt in Punjab, that took place 1946-1947. The campaign was launched in 1946, under the leadership of the Communist Party. The movement had been launched in response to a decision from the Punjab Government to decrease the supply of water irrigation to farmers, by remodelling the "moghas" (canal outlets). The campaign was headed by Comrade Achhar Singh Chhina, Sohan Singh Josh, Mohan Singh Batth, Baba Karam Singh Cheema, Jagbir Singh Chhina, and Gurdial Singh Dhillon. During the campaign a few leaders and 950 protesting peasants were arrested by police and detained in Lahore jail for three months.
As a result of this movement an all party-negotiation was held with the Revenue Minister and the government official on providing more farming water to the agriculturalists, as per the previous agreement between the farmers and government. In the end the government gave in to the demands of the movement.
The participants of the Harsha Chhina Mogha Morcha struggle are recognized as freedom fighters by the Indian government, and are entitled to freedom fighter pensions from the Freedom Fighters and Rehabilitation Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18442691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442691" title="List of best-selling albums in the United Kingdom">
List of best-selling albums in the United Kingdom

The best-selling album in the United Kingdom is "Greatest Hits", a compilation album by the British band Queen first released in 1981. , it has sold more than 6 million copies, of which approximately 124,000 have been from downloads. Queen's second greatest hits album, "Greatest Hits II", has sold approximately 3.89 million copies since being released in 1991, and is the tenth biggest-selling album in the UK. Of the UK's top 40 best-selling albums, more than half are by British artists. Nine are by American artists, with the rest being from Ireland, Canada, Sweden and Jamaica. Five acts—The Beatles, Coldplay, Dido, Michael Jackson and Queen—feature on the chart with more than one album, with Jackson and Queen both featuring twice within the top ten. The most-represented record label is Parlophone with five entries, while the decade that appears the most is the 2000s, with 14 of the entries having been released during that period, despite its "general background of declining sales and internet piracy".
According to the British organisation the Official Charts Company (OCC), an album is defined as being a type of music release that features more than four tracks and is longer than 25 minutes in duration. Sales of albums in the UK were first published on 28 July 1956 by the music magazine "Record Mirror", who compiled a weekly chart of the country's five biggest-selling records. "Record Mirror" first number one was "Songs for Swingin' Lovers!" by Frank Sinatra. Since then, three albums have gone on to sell more than five million copies each: "Greatest Hits" by Queen, "" by ABBA and "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" by The Beatles. The top eight best-selling albums have each sold at least four million copies. Since 1994, sales of albums have been monitored by the OCC, who took over compiling the weekly UK Albums Chart.
Sales certifications for UK album sales are awarded by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). The BPI began awarding certifications soon after it was founded in April 1973. Initially, certifications were based on the revenue received by the album manufacturers – records that generated revenue of were awarded silver certification, £150,000 represented gold and £1 million was platinum. Over the following six years, the thresholds for silver and gold certifications both grew twice – the threshold for platinum certification remained at £1 million. In January 1979, this method was abolished, and certifications were instead based on unit sales to retail outlets: sales of 60,000 were awarded silver, gold for 100,000 and platinum for 300,000. Multi-platinum awards were introduced in February 1987; digital downloads have been counted towards unit sales since 2004. Certifications for albums released before April 1973 were retroactively awarded in August 2013 for sales from 1994 onwards, giving "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" triple-platinum status. The highest-certified album is "21" by Adele, which has been awarded platinum certification 16 times.

</doc>
<doc id="18442704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442704" title="Jessie James">
Jessie James

Jessica Rose "Jessie" James Decker (born April 12, 1988) is an American country pop singer and songwriter. Having auditioned for and being rejected by most of the country labels in Nashville, Tennessee at age fifteen, James began working on refining her craft with Karla Wallace of Yellow Dog Records. One of her songs attracted the attention of Mercury Records which offered her a recording contract. She released her debut album, "Jessie James", in 2009.
Life and career.
James was born April 12, 1988 in Vicenza, Italy. She began singing at the age of two, and won her first talent contest in Baker, Louisiana at the age of nine singing "I Want to Be a Cowboy's Sweetheart". She told her mother about the show after hearing about it from her grandmother. By then, she had already been writing songs on a plastic guitar and performed at SeaWorld and in Warner Robins, in 2000. At age fifteen, she made weekly trips to Nashville to hone her songwriting. She had auditioned and was turned down by almost all the country labels in Nashville, with one label head offering a development deal. 
At seventeen, James was introduced to Karla Wallace of independent label Yellow Dog Records, who helped her with her songwriting and singing. One of her songs, "Gypsy Girl", written with two writers from Yellow Dog, had been pitched to "American Idol" contestant and winner, Carrie Underwood. Ms. Underwood put it on hold for her record, but nonetheless made it into the hands of record executive David Massey, who brought her to the attention of L.A. Reid. She auditioned for Reid singing her song, "My Cowboy", produced by John Rich. James soon inked a contract with Mercury Records. Originally thinking that she would be producing a country record, James was instead told to record a pop album by record executives. She also claimed to have been asked to sound like pop singer Britney Spears. She described the recording process as "intense" as the label sent her to work with hip-hop producers who asked her to sound less country despite her desire to make country music. She described herself in an interview as "a country girl at heart," having grown up listening to the genre, preferring it to pop. Her debut album, "Jessie James" was released in August 2009, debuting at number twenty-three on the "Billboard" 200. The music on the album was a fusion between country and pop music, with more emphasis placed on the latter as dictated by her label. The album also featured writing credits from James and seasoned pop songwriter Kara DioGuardi and Mitch Allan among others. The album received a mixed reception from critics, "Allmusic" received the album positively, but found that despite being marketed as such and featuring some country influenced production, the music on the album was far cry from country music. "Slant" thought that the album only superficially pulled together influences from pop, country and hip-hop while failing to pander to any of those audiences. Its first single, "Wanted", produced by Allan had been released in April and peaked at number forty on the "Billboard" Hot 100. She later performed in the Middle East with singer Kid Rock and comedian Carlos Mencia for US troops stationed overseas.
James began working on her second album, "Sweet American Dreams", in 2010, initially planned to be released in late summer. The album was to be of the same country-pop sound as her debut, with James being given more leeway by Mercury in incorporating country sounds. First single, "Boys in the Summer" released in June, was a minor country success but failed to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Having struggled with accepting her career path as a pop singer, James told her label in the midst of preparations for her album that she did not want to be a pop artist and wanted to record country music. After negotiations, David Massey, the record executive who had brought James to LA Reid, asked Mark Wright from Show Dog-Universal Music, which had facilitated the country release of "Boys in the Summer" in November, to help Mercury/IDJ launch James in the country genre. James then began recording in April 2011. "When You Say My Name" was produced by Wright and released on January 31, 2012. "Military Man" was released on May 22, 2012. She was removed from the Show Dog Universal roster in 2013.
Musical style and influences.
James co-wrote the majority of the songs on her debut album. The album is of a country pop fusion genre, revealing her taste for not only country music, but pop and soul music as well. The beat for "Blue Jeans" was a recording of James stepping, as she was in the step team in school. Initially, she faced opposition for her soul music inspired vocal runs when trying to get signed in Nashville. She has listed Christina Aguilera, Jessica Simpson, Bobbie Gentry, Janis Joplin, Shelby Lynne, and Shania Twain as influences. Initially, she also stated that she wanted a career similar to those of Gentry and Twain, who were signed to pop labels but found crossover success in both country and pop music.
Personal life.
James is married to Eric Decker, who is a starting wide receiver for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League as of June 22, 2013. In September 2013, it was announced that the couple was expecting their first child together. In November 2013, It was announced that the couple is expecting a daughter.
Discography.
Other appearances.
2010: "Come Undone" (My Darkest Days featuring Jessie James)

</doc>
<doc id="18442725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442725" title="Mick Sullivan">
Mick Sullivan

Michael "Mick" Sullivan is an English former professional Rugby League World Cup winning footballer of the 1950s and '60s. He set the record for the most appearances for the Great Britain Lions with 46. This record has been matched (by Garry Schofield) but never overtaken.
Sullivan signed with Huddersfield in 1952 as an 18 year-old right-. He made his début for Great Britain during the 1954 World Cup in France against the Australian team. Sullivan went on to appear in the final and help Great Britain to claim the first ever World Cup. He was selected to play for England while at Huddersfield in 1955 against Other Nationalities and in 1956 against France. Mick Sullivan also represented Great Britain while at Huddersfield between 1952 and 1956 against France (2 non-Test matches).
Sullivan won caps for Great Britain while at Huddersfield in 1954 against France (2 matches), New Zealand, and Australia, in 1955 against New Zealand (3 matches), in 1956 against Australia (3 matches), in 1957 against France (3 matches), France, Australia, New Zealand, while at Wigan against France (2 matches), in 1958 against France, Australia (3 matches), and New Zealand (2 matches), in 1959 against France (2 matches), and Australia (3 matches), in 1960 against France (3 matches), France, New Zealand, and Australia, while at St. Helens in 1961 against France, and New Zealand (2 matches), in 1962 against France (3 matches), Australia (3 matches), and New Zealand, and while at York in 1963 against Australia (World Cup 1954 3-caps, 1-try, 1957 3-caps, 3-tries, 1960 3-caps, 1-try).
Sullivan was signed by Wigan for a record fee of £9,500 in 1957. (based on average increases in earnings, this would be approximately £433,000 in 2009).
Mick Sullivan represented Great Britain & France in the 37-31 victory over New Zealand at Carlaw Park, Auckland on 3 July 1957.
Mick Sullivan played Left- in Wigan's 9–13 victory over Workington Town in the 1957–58 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 10 May 1958.
He scored a try against Australia in 1960, when he became the only British player to win the World Cup twice.
He was later signed by St. Helens for a new world record fee of £11,000. (based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately £411,000 in 2009). Sullivan played his first game for St. Helens in January 1961. While at St. Helens Sullivan played for England in 1962 against France.
Sullivan moved to Australia and captain-coached the Junee team in the Group 9 competition in southern New South Wales for 3 years from 1966 until 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="18442752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442752" title="Quincy, Illinois micropolitan area">
Quincy, Illinois micropolitan area

<noinclude>
The Quincy, IL-MO Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of one county in western Illinois and one county in northeast Missouri, anchored by the city of Quincy.
As of the 2010 census, the μSA had a population of 77,314.
Counties.
In Illinois
In Missouri
Communities.
All populations are based on the 2010 census.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 78,771 people, 30,816 households, and 20,705 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 95.21% White, 3.00% African American, 0.16% Native American, 0.37% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.33% from other races, and 0.92% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.82% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $32,718, and the median income for a family was $39,937. Males had a median income of $29,475 versus $20,381 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $16,320.

</doc>
<doc id="18442770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442770" title="Station Saint-Michel (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Saint-Michel (Tram de Bordeaux)

Saint-Michel station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux. 
Situation.
The station is lcoated at quai de la Grave in Bordeaux in the popular neighborhood of St-Michel known for its Sunday market. The area is home to a large population of immigrant Spanish, Portuguese, North African and Turkish.
Ce quartier abrite des populations etrangéres principalement issus de l'immigration espagnole, portugaise, maghrebine et turc.
Junctions.
There are no junctions with other lines or buses at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18442785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442785" title="Hornowski coat of arms">
Hornowski coat of arms

Hornowski - is a Polish Coat of Arms. It was used by several szlachta families in the times of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Notable bearers.
Notable bearers of this Coat of Arms include:

</doc>
<doc id="18442792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442792" title="TFAP2B">
TFAP2B

Transcription factor AP-2 beta also known as AP2-beta is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "TFAP2B" gene.
Function.
AP-2 beta is a member of the AP-2 family of transcription factors. AP-2 proteins form homo- or hetero-dimers with other AP-2 family members and bind specific DNA sequences. They are thought to stimulate cell proliferation and suppress terminal differentiation of specific cell types during embryonic development. Specific AP-2 family members differ in their expression patterns and binding affinity for different promoters. This protein functions as both a transcriptional activator and repressor.
Clinical significance.
Mutations in this gene result in autosomal dominant Char syndrome, suggesting that this gene functions in the differentiation of neural crest cell derivatives.

</doc>
<doc id="18442793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442793" title="TFAP2C">
TFAP2C

Transcription factor AP-2 gamma also known as AP2-gamma is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "TFAP2C" gene. AP2-gamma is a member of the activating protein 2 family of transcription factors.

</doc>
<doc id="18442794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442794" title="TFAP2D">
TFAP2D

Transcription factor AP-2 delta (activating enhancer binding protein 2 delta), also known as TFAP2D, is a human gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a transcription factor.

</doc>
<doc id="18442795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442795" title="TFAP2E">
TFAP2E

Transcription factor AP-2 epsilon (activating enhancer binding protein 2 epsilon), also known as TFAP2E, is a human gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a transcription factor.

</doc>
<doc id="18442832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442832" title="Hassa bint Ahmed Al Sudairi">
Hassa bint Ahmed Al Sudairi

Hassa bint Ahmed Al Sudairi (1900 – 1969) was one of the favorite wives of King Abdulaziz of Saudi Arabia.
Background.
Hassa bint Ahmed was a member of the influential Sudairi family from Najd. The family are part of the noble Dawasir tribe. The mother of King Abdulaziz was also a member of the Sudairi family, Sarah Al Sudairi.
Hassa's father, Ahmed bin Muhammed Al Sudairi (1869-1936), was a powerful chief of the Sudairi tribe and one of the early supporters of King Abdulaziz during the latter's attempts to conquer Saudi Arabia. Following the formation of the state, her father served as governor in Washm, Sudair, Qassim and Aflaj provinces. Her brothers were also appointed by King Abdulaziz as governors. Turki bin Ahmed was the governor of Asir Province; Abdulaziz bin Ahmed was the governor of the former provinces of Quraiyat al Milh and Wadi Sirhan; Khalid bin Ahmed was the governor of Tabuk Province; Muhammad bin Ahmed was the governor of Northern Province; Abdul Rahman bin Ahmad was the governor of Jauf and Musa'id bin Ahmed was the governor of Jizan Province. Khalid bin Ahmed also served as the governor of Najran Province and also, as the minister of agriculture.
Early years and marriage.
Hassa bint Ahmed was born in 1900. King Abdulaziz married her twice. She was his 8th wife. Their first marriage was in 1913 when she was thirteen years. In 1920, they remarried. In the period between their first and second marriages, Hassa bint Ahmad married King Abdulaziz’s half brother of the same age, Muhammad bin Abdul Rahman. Hassa had a son from this marriage, Abdullah bin Mohammad.
It is assumed that Ibn Saud remained in love with Hassa bint Ahmed, and therefore, forced his half-brother to divorce her so that he could remarry her. Hassa bint Ahmed and King Abdulaziz remained married until the latter's death in 1953.
Children.
Hassa bint Ahmed and King Abdulaziz had eleven children, seven of whom are sons. No other spouse of King Abdulaziz produced more sons than Hassa Al Sudairi. Hassa bint Ahmed became the most valued spouse of King Abdulaziz due to being mother of seven sons. Because in Arab culture, the most prominent wife is one who gives birth the largest number of sons. Therefore, Hassa had the advantage of being a "Mother of Boys."
Their sons are known as the Sudairi Seven (). They were also called the "magnificent seven." Hassa and King Abdulaziz's children are as follows:
Two of her daughters married to Abdullah bin Abdul Rahman's sons, younger brother of King Abdulaziz. Al Jawhara bint Abdulaziz is Khalid bin Abdullah's spouse and Jawaher bint Abdulaziz is Mohammad bin Abdullah's wife. Luluwah bint Abdulaziz is the mother of Abdullah bin Faisal bin Turki.
Personal characteristics.
In addition to being the mother of seven sons, Hassa bint Ahmed had personal characteristics that made her the most valued spouse of King Abdulaziz. Firstly, she was very beautiful and had charm and a strong personality. She was also influential, and attempted to instill a sense of group feeling among her sons. She raised all of her children in a political atmosphere and urged them to hang together. In addition, she had effects on some decisions of King Abdulaziz. For instance, she urged him to made Prince Fahd a member of his advisory board, and Prince Fahd became a member of the board.
Bandar bin Sultan describes his grandmother, Hassa, as a combination of Margaret Thatcher and Mother Teresa. He further states that she was a very religious yet strongwilled woman.
Her familial relations.
Hassa bint Ahmed is said to have organized daily dinner gatherings at her home for her sons and their families. She supported the idea of unity among her sons through these dinner gatherings. Her daughters are said to have continued her tradition of weekly dinner gatherings. She is reported to have been a demanding person in that she wanted to be visited daily by her sons when they were in Riyadh. She was also known for emphasizing discipline and a driving work ethic in her sons.
Hassa bint Ahmed raised Bandar bin Sultan, her grandson and a son of the late Sultan bin Abdulaziz. When Prince Bandar was eleven, he and his mother went to live with her in the palace after the death of King Abdulaziz.
Further relations with Al Saud family.
Hassa bint Ahmed's younger sisters married King Abdulaziz's sons. Muhdi bint Ahmed married Prince Nasser and is Turki bin Nasser's mother. Another sister, Sultana bint Ahmed, was King Faisal's first wife and Abdullah Al Faisal's mother.
Death.
Hassa bint Ahmed died in 1969 at the age of 69.

</doc>
<doc id="18442839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442839" title="Kbach kun dambong veng">
Kbach kun dambong veng

Kbach kun dambong veng () is the term for a Cambodian martial art based on the long staff. The term "dambong" means "staff" in the Khmer language and the term "veng" means "long". Translated literally it means "the art/martial skill of the long staff." The term is also used in the phrase "land of the lost staff", Battambang. In the town of Battambang there is a big statue of 'Grandfather Dambong' holding the lost staff. It is based on different mae(s) which can be imagined as a Khmer version of kata(s).

</doc>
<doc id="18442869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442869" title="Ricochet (TV production company)">
Ricochet (TV production company)

Ricochet, part of the Shed Media Group, is an independent television production company that produces factual and entertainment programmes for broadcast by networks in both the UK and US.
Ricochet joined the Shed Media Group in 2005.
Programming.
Current Productions.
"Cowboy Builders" (Five)
"Unbreakable" (Five)
"It's Me or the Dog" (Channel 4, Sky and Animal Planet)
"Supernanny" (Channel 4 and ABC) 
"Living in the Sun" (BBC One)
"Extreme Dreams" (BBC Two)
"Open House" (BBC One)
"The Real Housewives of New York City" (Bravo)
"The Alaska Experiment" (Discovery)
"Breaking into Tesco" (Five)
Previous Productions.
2011
"Born to Be Different" (Channel 4)
2008
"Supernanny" (Channel 4)
2007
"My Child Won't Eat" (ITV1)
"The Mummy Diaries" (Channel 4)
"Into The Big Wide World" (Channel 4)
"Colin and Justin's Home Show" (UKTV Style)
"My New Home" (Channel 4)
"Fat March" (ABC)
"It's Me or the Dog" (Channel 4)
"My Crazy Life" (Channel 4)
"The World's Toughest Tribes" (Discovery)
"Britain's Worst Teeth" (BBC Three)
"Sex In Court" (E4)
"Selling Houses Abroad" (Channel 4)
"Clutter Nutters" (CBBC)
2006
"Too Big to Walk" (Channel 4)
"No Going Back" (Channel 4)
"Risking it All" (Channel 4)
"Admission Impossible" (Channel 4)
"Inside Spontaneous Human Combustion" (Sky One)
"Selling Houses" (Channel 4)
"How Not to Decorate" (Five)
"Who Rules the Roost" (BBC Three)
2005
"" (Channel 4)
"Mirror, Signal, Manoeuvre" (BBC One)
"The Ultimate Celebrity Fashion Frock-Ups" (Five)
"The 20 Worst Interior Design Crimes in Your Home" (Five)
"The 20 Things We Love to Hate About Builders" (Five)
"Flying Heavy Metal" (Discovery)
2004
"" (BBC Four)
"The 20 Quickest Ways to Make Money on your Property" (Five)
"The 20 Quickest Ways to Lose Money on your Property" (Five)
"Housetrapped in the Sun" (Channel 4)
"Passion Never Dies" (BBC Two)
"" (BBC Three)
2003
"FightBox" (BBC Three) (Co-production with Bomb Productions)
2002
"St Tropez Summer" (E4)
"More Sex Tips for Girls" (Channel 4)
"Why Pay Men for Sex" (Channel 4)
"River Cottage Forever" (Channel 4) (Co-production with Keo Films)
"Future Sex" (Channel 4)
"The Ultimate Rule Breakers" (Channel 4)
"Baring All" (Channel 4)
"Mel B's ex - The Jimmy Gulzar Story" (BBC Choice)
"Dome Heist" (Channel 4)
"Changing Sex" (Channel 4)
2000
"Posh Rock" (E4)
"Sex Tips for Girls" (Channel 4)
"Nigella Bites" (Channel 4) (Co-production with Pacific)
"Real Gardens" (Channel 4) (Co-production with Ark Productions)
"Strippers" (E4)
"The Twentieth Century Garden" (Channel 4)

</doc>
<doc id="18442882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442882" title="Tim Talman">
Tim Talman

Tim Talman (born February 23, 1965) is an American stage, film, and television actor. He is the youngest son of the late William Talman, who was known on television as Perry Mason's district attorney, Hamilton Burger. With the rest of his family, he appeared in a William Talman 1968 anti-smoking ad.
Talman graduated with a bachelor of arts degree from San Diego State University. A motivational speaker and fitness life coach, he is a certified fitness trainer with the NASM and AFAA and actor Chuck Norris' 200th Black belt under the (Tang Soo Do system), having earned an International Karate Championship title.
Professional career.
Talman made his Broadway debut in "Peter Pan" with Cathy Rigby, playing Cecco (Pirate/Indian). He later performed with the show's touring company. He has performed in the Broadway and touring companies of "The Who's Tommy" as The Lover with Alice Ripley. He has also gone on tour with companies of "Man of La Mancha" and "West Side Story". Talman has done numerous regional productions across the country, including "Jekyll & Hyde", "Grease", and "A Chorus Line". In August 2007, Talman appeared in the Hollywood Bowl's concert presentation of "South Pacific", along with Reba McEntire and Brian Stokes Mitchell. A few months later, he was cast in the Reprise! production of "Damn Yankees" at the UCLA Freud Playhouse. He also appeared with many of his "Wicked" castmates in Valley Musical Theatre's Broadway Unplugged event.
Talman was interviewed for "Medical: Remembering the Man Who Always Lost to Perry Mason and then Died of Cancer", an HNN article about his father, and "National Treasure 2: Book of Secrets—History, Chemistry, and Comedy", an article regarding his role in National Treasure 2.
His work in television includes roles on "Moonlight", "," and "24." In 2005, he was Dylan in the film "My Demon Within," and he played FBI Agent Cade in Jon Turteltaub's 2007 movie, "." He has appeared as a guest on "San Francisco's View from the Bay" twice in special "Wicked Yoga" and "Wicked Workout" segments. Talman appeared as FBI Special Agent Bruce Rader on NBC's "Trauma" in the episode "Tunnel Vision".
Talman was an original cast member of the Universal Studios Hollywood productions of "Beetlejuice," with former" Wicked" cast member Eden Espinosa, and "Spiderman Rocks!" He performed the role of the Deacon in the .
Talman originated the role of the Witch's Father/Ozian Official in San Francisco's sit-down production of "Wicked", which opened at the Orpheum Theatre on February 6, 2009 and closed on September 5, 2010. He replaced Matthew Stocke in the Los Angeles company of "Wicked" on February 12, 2008, later closing with the cast and moving to San Francisco to open the sit-down production. Talman's roles included five characters: Frexspar the Godly, Doctor Nikidik at Shiz University, the Yak at the train station, the Wizard's Ozian Official, and the Big Green Guard in the Emerald City. He was also an understudy for the The Wizard and Doctor Dillamond.
Valley Bootcamp.
Talman founded and runs Valley Bootcamp in California's San Fernando Valley, an outdoor fitness and adventure program geared towards helping individuals live a more healthy lifestyle, which won "Best Bootcamp" in a local contest.

</doc>
<doc id="18442888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442888" title="Krukowski coat of arms">
Krukowski coat of arms

Krukowski - is a Polish Coat of Arms. It was used by one szlachta family in the times of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Notable bearers.
Notable bearers of this Coat of Arms include:

</doc>
<doc id="18442908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442908" title="Konstantinos Papadakis">
Konstantinos Papadakis

Konstantinos Papadakis (born October 2, 1972; Heraklion, Crete, Greece) is a Greek pianist. He has received the Golden Medal of superior talent. He has performed in worldwide major concert halls such as Carnegie Hall and Wigmore Hall. He studied with Anthony di Bonaventura at Boston University. Three years later, he joined the piano faculty at Boston University and was later appointed a "Samuel Barber" Artist in Residence at West Chester University of Pennsylvania where he remained for 5 years. In 2011 he joined the piano faculty of the New England Conservatory's Pre-College Division in Boston. He holds the prestigious Motoko and Gordon Deane Principal Chair of Boston's Atlantic Symphony Orchestra. He has premiered many works, including Samuel Barber's "Three Essays", "Three Sketches", "Fresh from West Chester" and "Fantasy for two pianos". The "Boston Globe" has described him as "one of the greatest hopes of music". Celebrating the bicentennial year of Franz Liszt, he released a recording with short miniatures for piano entitled "The Short Liszt" to a critical acclaim. He is the director of the AASMA Piano Summer Academy in Archanes Crete, Greece. In 2013 was appointed lecturer at [http://www.bu.edu/cfa/music/faculty/papadakis/] Boston University College of Fine Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="18442944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442944" title="Words on Black Plastic">
Words on Black Plastic

Words on Black Plastic was the second album by the Scottish Progressive rock group Forever More. Recorded in 1970, it was released as a vinyl album in 1970. Future The Average White Band tenor sax player Molly Duncan also appears on this LP.
Track listing.
Side 1
Side 2
References.
The Tapestry of Delights - an online guide to U. K. beat and progressive music between 1963 - 1976. 

</doc>
<doc id="18442952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442952" title="Short-term investment fund">
Short-term investment fund

A short-term investment fund (STIF) is a type of investment fund which invests in money market investments of high quality and low risk. They are commonly used by investors to temporarily store funds while arranging for their transfer to another investment vehicle that will provide higher returns. 
This type of fund aims to protect capital while generating a return that compares favourably with a particular benchmark, such as a Treasury Bill index. These types of fund have low management fees (usually well beneath 1% p.a.) and relatively low rates of return, commensurate with their low-risk investment style.

</doc>
<doc id="18442953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442953" title="Sergiu Mândrean">
Sergiu Mândrean

Sergiu Sebastian Mândrean (born 18 October 1978 in Luduş) is a Romanian professional football player.

</doc>
<doc id="18442954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442954" title="Alin Rus">
Alin Rus

Alin Valer Rus (born 30 September 1975, Cluj-Napoca) is a Romanian professional football (soccer) player who currently plays for Arieşul Turda in Liga II.

</doc>
<doc id="18442955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442955" title="Alin Chibulcutean">
Alin Chibulcutean

Alin Nicu Chibulcutean (born 20 November 1978, Sărmaşu) is a Romanian professional football player.

</doc>
<doc id="18442956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442956" title="Alexandru Păcurar">
Alexandru Păcurar

Alexandru Păcurar (born 20 January 1982) is a Romanian professional football player who is currently playing for Rapid Bucuresti.
Career.
Steaua Bucureşti.
On 25 July 2010 he makes dream debut for Steaua in Liga I against Universitatea Cluj. On 29 August he scored his first goal for Steaua in the 1–1 home match against FC Timişoara. On the next day, the club chairman George Becali announced, that he was sold due to bad discipline. Păcurar spent only 2 months in Steaua and was sold to Universitatea Cluj.
PFC CSKA Sofia.
On 27 July 2012 Alex signed a 3-year contract with PFC CSKA Sofia. Păcurar made his official debut for CSKA in 3–0 home win against Botev Vratsa.

</doc>
<doc id="18442959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442959" title="K.A. Rasmussen">
K.A. Rasmussen

K. A. Rasmussen AS (abbreviated KAR) is a Norwegian precious metal company, specialized in the fabrication of semi-manufactured bars and wires for various metal industries as well as catalysts for chemical industries. The company is the largest supplier of precious metals within the Nordic countries.
The company is named after its founder, Knut Andreas Rasmussen, who started the company (then a goldsmith workshop) in 1872.
With its head office in Hamar, Norway, the company has expanded into various European markets. It now has subsidiaries in Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Estonia, France, Belgium and Poland [http://www.ka-rasmussen.pl].

</doc>
<doc id="18442979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442979" title="František Jílek">
František Jílek

František Jílek (May 22, 1913 – September 16, 1993) was a Czech conductor, known especially for his interpretation of Leoš Janáček's works.
Life.
Jílek began studying piano and composition as a pupil of Jaroslav Kvapil, and later studied conducting under Antonín Balatka and Zdeněk Chalabala at the Brno Conservatory. In 1937, Jílek completed his education at the Prague Conservatory, in the master class of Vítězslav Novák. From 1938 to 1949 he conducted the opera in Ostrava. In 1952, he became the principal conductor of Janáček´s opera in Brno, a position he held for 25 years. During his career Jílek frequently conducted the orchestra of the National Theatre in Prague, the Czech Philharmonic, as well as orchestras abroad. In 1978, he became the conductor of the Brno Philharmonic Orchestra.
Work.
He conducted the complete operas of Bedřich Smetana and Leoš Janáček, and also focused on Russian and Italian operatic repertoire. The recordings of his interpretations of Janáček's, Novák's and Martinů's work are available on the Czech label Supraphon. He was awarded the "Orphée d'Or de l'Academie National du Disque Lyrique (Prix Arturo Toscanini-Paul Vergnes)" for the recording of Janáček's opera Jenůfa in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18442991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442991" title="Actions of 5/6 May 1945">
Actions of 5/6 May 1945

The last actions of the Battle of the Atlantic in American waters took place on 5/6 May 1945.
There were two such actions, against "U-853" off the Rhode Island coast, and "U 881", south of Cape Race, both sunk during the same period.
Background.
US involvement in the Battle of the Atlantic began with the deaths of 28 US citizens during the sinking of the "Athenia" by "U-30", on the first day of the war in the west. 
Thereafter US ships were attacked, and US warships involved in action against U-boats while protecting US interests, in the two years before America’s entry into the war. 
Following Nazi Germany’s declaration of war on the US on 11 December 1941, the U-boat Arm of the "Kriegsmarine" attacked American shipping in earnest in January 1942 with Operation Drumbeat, sinking over 600 ships (representing 3 million tons of shipping) over a six-month period. 
Thereafter the U-boat Arm continued to make offensive patrols against US coastal shipping, while German wolf-packs searched for and attacked convoys in mid-ocean.
By 1945 U-Boat actions had reduced to pinpricks, but their potential forced the Allies to maintain large naval and air forces, and expend considerable resources, to counter the threat. 
During the first five months of 1945, the U-boat Arm dispatched 19 U-boat patrols to American waters, including seven sailings constituting group "Seewolf", the last wolf pack of the Battle of the Atlantic. 
By 5 May 1945, the day U-boat Command (BdU) ordered the U Boat Arm to cease hostilities, just nine were still at large; six off the US coast, and three Seewolf boats in mid-ocean. Of these, two were involved in action with the USN, the last actions in American waters during the Atlantic campaign.
First action.
On 5 May, , lying in wait off Point Judith, Rhode Island, sighted and fired on SS "Black Point", a collier underway for Boston, Massachusetts. Her torpedoes struck, and within 15 minutes, "Black Point" had capsized in of water, the last US-flagged merchant ship sunk in World War II. Twelve men died and 34 were rescued. One of the rescuing ships — SS "Kamen" — sent a report of the torpedoing that was picked up by the destroyer , destroyer escorts and , and frigate ; they discovered "U-853" bottomed in , and dropped more than 100 depth charges through the night. The next morning, two blimps from Lakehurst, New Jersey — "K-16" and "K-58" — joined the attack, locating oil slicks and marking suspected locations with smoke and dye markers. "K-16" also attacked with rocket bombs. Finally, planking, life rafts, a chart tabletop, clothing, and an officer's cap floated to the surface, indicating destruction with all 55 men.
"U-853" was destroyed at sometime between midnight, when success was first claimed, and 1225, when it was confirmed.
Second action.
Also on 6 May, shortly after day-break, the destroyer escort — assigned to the hunter-killer group — detected , a "Seewolf" boat running submerged south-east of Cape Race. Making a sudden attack, "Farquhar" closed and dropped 13 depth charges in a single attack, which destroyed "U-881" with the loss of all hands.
Conclusion.
These were the last U-boats destroyed in action in American waters; on 8 May, the Germans surrendered, and the last active U-boats in American waters gave themselves up to units of the USN and RCN.

</doc>
<doc id="18443014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443014" title="Evan McKie">
Evan McKie

Evan McKie is a Canadian ballet dancer, writer and photographer.  He is a resident Principal Dancer with the Stuttgart Ballet and a Principal Guest Artist with the National Ballet of Canada. McKie is a recent guest dancer of the Paris Opera Ballet, Bolshoi Ballet, Tokyo Ballet, Universal Ballet and Ballet de Chile. He is also a contributor and advisory board member for Dance Magazine and a frequent writer for the Chacott brand of Japan, Shinshokan Dance Magazine, the Staatstheater Stuttgart Journal and reFlect magazine, Germany. McKie is the winner of the 2012 ApuliArte Merit prize for achievement in dance and commitment to the Arts.
After studying dance at Canada's National Ballet School, The Kirov Academy of Ballet and the John Cranko School, McKie was given his first professional job as a dancer by the Stuttgart Ballet's Reid Anderson. Promotions to Soloist and Principal Dancer followed and in 2011, McKie became the first and only Canadian to dance with the prestigious Paris Opera Ballet. The Financial Times called the performance (of John Cranko's Onegin) “the sensation of the season.”
McKie has choreographed two works for Stuttgart's Noverre Society. He was one of the last graduates of the late Russian ballet legend, Pyotr Pestov.

</doc>
<doc id="18443050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443050" title="Evil Is...">
Evil Is...

Evil Is... is the debut album of Wolfpac. Released in 2001, the album fuses the lyrical themes of death metal with a hip hop-based sound.
Additional Information.
Studio: - Slot 1 Recording
Studio Images

</doc>
<doc id="18443053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443053" title="Bette Sussman">
Bette Sussman

Bette Sussman is an American television composer, singer, songwriter, pianist, and musical director.
Biography.
Early life.
Sussman was musically inspired by her mother and older sister, Sue. After her mother signed her up for piano lessons at age four, she studied classical music till she graduated from high school, after which she attended the Oberlin College Conservatory. When she had finished her first year, she moved to New York City, and studied with late jazz musician Sanford Gold, at age eighteen.
Career.
When she was nineteen years old, she began her work as a musical director with a touring production of "Godspell". By chance, Dick Wagner met her, and introduced her to Tim Curry. She played on Curry's Fearless album and also embarked on her first major world tour with him. She would later work as a musical director and a pianist for music artists such as Cissy Houston, Sarah Dash, Esther Marrow, and Patti Austin, with whom she recorded a live album from the Bottom Line in NYC. 
Sussman toured with Whitney Houston, Cissy Houston's daughter, in 1999, and played on Houston's version of the Dolly Parton classic "I Will Always Love You" for The Bodyguard: Original Soundtrack Album. Their version was a soundtrack success and sold over 17 million copies.
Sussman's friend, award winning composer and lyricist Marc Shaiman, got her in touch with Bette Midler later that same year. She and Midler then worked together for several years and embarked on a tour together in 2003. Sussman has also worked with Aretha Franklin and Dean Friedman.
In television, she performed on the soundtrack for the song "Christmastime for the Jews" in the 2005 "Jack Black/Neil Young" episode of Saturday Night Live. She also worked as a composer on the award winning daytime drama series, "One Life to Live", from 1999 to 2000, and "As the World Turns", for which she has garnered two Daytime Emmy Award wins and six nominations.
Personal life.
In her spare time, she studies with jazz musician Garry Dial, and plays with the R&B band, the Bev Leslies. She is friends with bassist Will Lee, by whom she is nicknamed "Skeezer".
Awards and nominations.
Daytime Emmy Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="18443072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443072" title="Thorax of Lacedaemonia">
Thorax of Lacedaemonia

Thorax (Gr. ) of Lacedaemonia is mentioned by Diodorus Siculus as acting under Spartan commander Callicratidas during his operations in Lesbos in 405 BC, and as having been commissioned by him, after the capture of Mithymna, to conduct the heavy-armed troops to Mytilene. In the following year we again find Thorax in command of the land-force which cooperated with the fleet under Lysander in the storming of Lampsacus; and he was left at Samos as harmost by Lysander, when the latter was on his way to Athens after the Battle of Aegospotami in 404 BC. According to Plutarch, when the satrap Pharnabazus sent to Sparta to complain of ravages committed in his territory by Lysander, the Lacedaemonian government put Thorax to death, as he was a friend and colleague of the accused admiral, and they had found money in his possession. The date and circumstances of this, however, are very doubtful.

</doc>
<doc id="18443091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443091" title="Rostbrätel">
Rostbrätel

A Rostbrätel is a marinated cutlet of pig neck, that is grilled over charcoal. It is, like Thuringian sausage (Rostbratwurst), a Thuringian specialty.
The label "Rostbrätel" is common in West Thuringia and South Thuringia, while in and around Jena, the older term "Rostbrätchen" is used.
For preparation, about an inch cut of pork neck cutlet (with or without bone) is pressed (tenderized) and marinated in salt, pepper, Thuringian spicy mustard, onions, beer and oil for two to up to 24 hours. The beer should be a dark, strong, somewhat sweet kind, not a Pilsener, as this adds a bitter taste. In some recipes, garlic and Caraway Seed are added as further spices.
To cook, the charcoal grill is not heated too strongly, the grates are greased with bacon, oil, butter or cooking spray in order to prevent sticking, then the meat is put on. While the meat is gently cooked over light to medium heat, it is basted after every turn with the marinade or with gently shaken beer, sprayed directly from the bottle. This serves to improve the taste and prevents a drying of the meat on the cooking surface. Moreover the cooking temperature is regulated by gently spraying beer directly on the charcoal; the rising steam helps to cook and flavour the meat.

</doc>
<doc id="18443092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443092" title="Adugo">
Adugo

Adugo is a two-player abstract strategy game that comes from the Bororo tribe on the Pantanal region of Brazil. 
It is a hunt game similar to those found in Southeast Asia and the Indian subcontinent. It is especially similar to Komikan, Rimau, Rimau-rimau, Main Tapal Empat, and Bagha-Chall as they all use an Alquerque based board. Adugo is therefore specifically a tiger hunt game (or tiger game). Komikan may actually be the same game as Adugo. Komikan is the name given by the Mapuches in Chile.
In Adugo, the jaguar is hunting the dogs. The jaguar (Panthera onca) is called "onça". The dogs are called "cachorro". The game is also known as Jaguar and Dogs.
It is thought that the Spanish brought Alquerque to the Americas, and this accounts for the use of the Alquerque board in this game.
Goal.
The jaguar attempts to capture at least five dogs in order to stalemate the game; a stalemate is a win for the jaguar. 
The dogs try to surround the jaguar, and block its movements.
Equipment.
The board used is an expanded Alquerque board with one triangular patterned board on one of its sides. There is only 1 jaguar, and 14 dogs. The jaguar is colored black, and the 14 dogs are colored white, however, any two colors or distinguishable pieces are appropriate. The board was originally drawn on the ground with stones as pieces.
Rules and Game Play.
1. In the beginning, the jaguar is on the central point of the Alquerque board. All the dogs are on one half of the Alquerque board that is opposite that of the triangular patterned board.
2. Players decide which animal to play. The jaguar moves first. Players alternate their turn. Only one piece is used for movement or capture per turn. 
3. The jaguar and dogs move one space at a time per turn following the pattern on the board. 
4. The jaguar can capture by the short leap as in Draughts or Alquerque. The jaguar leaps over an adjacent dog, and lands on the other side in a straight line following the pattern on the board.
5. The dogs cannot capture.

</doc>
<doc id="18443102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443102" title="Raynerius of Split">
Raynerius of Split

Raynerius of Split (died 1180) was an Italian Camaldolese monk. He became bishop of Cagli, from 1156 to 1175, and then archbishop of Split.
He was stoned to death in a dispute over land, defending the rights of the Church. He is a Catholic saint and his feast day is August 4.

</doc>
<doc id="18443104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443104" title="Thorax (disambiguation)">
Thorax (disambiguation)

Thorax can refer to a number of things:

</doc>
<doc id="18443132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443132" title="Kinuura Rinkai Railway Handa Line">
Kinuura Rinkai Railway Handa Line

The is a Japanese railway line which connects Higashi-Narawa Station with Handafutō Station. The entire line is in Handa, Aichi Prefecture. It is owned and run by Kinuura Rinkai Railway. It is a freight only service.

</doc>
<doc id="18443148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443148" title="Des Moines Memorial Drive">
Des Moines Memorial Drive

Des Moines Memorial Drive, also known locally as the Living Road of Remembrance, is a road in southern King County, Washington noted for its large numbers of American Elm trees planted as a memorial to soldiers killed in World War I.
Route.
Des Moines Memorial Drive traces a path through the middle of the region of King County informally known as Highline, beginning in downtown Des Moines at Marine View Drive. It continues approximately north through Seatac to South 188th Street, then turns west and becomes part of SR 509. At Ambaum Boulevard and Normandy Road it turns north again and heads approximately northeast through Boulevard Park and becomes 14th Avenue South at SR 599 and the city boundary of Seattle.
History.
Originally called the High Line Road, or sometimes the Des Moines Road, the road was a major thoroughfare between Seattle and Tacoma and was thought at the time to be more important than the more well-known Pacific Highway a few miles to the east.
War Memorial.
On November 11, 1921, members of the Seattle Garden Club, led by Lillian Gustin McEwan, planted 25 trees along the road, intending to establish it as a war memorial. Eventually 1,100 Elms were planted, representing the number of soldiers from Washington State killed in the war.
Decline and Restoration.
Over the years most of the trees were stricken by Dutch elm disease and eventually succumbed to radical pruning and aging. King County is undertaking a project to restore and enhance the memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="18443151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443151" title="Staind discography">
Staind discography

The discography of Staind, an American rock band, consists of seven studio albums, one live album, one compilation album, three video albums, twenty-five singles, and sixteen music videos.

</doc>
<doc id="18443161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443161" title="Meanbh-chuileag">
Meanbh-chuileag

Meanbh-chuileag is a Gaelic theatre-in-education company which operates as a Fèisean nan Gàidheal project. The initiative was established in 2000 as a Fèis Dhùn Èideann outreach project, and was based in Gracemount in Edinburgh between July 2002 and May 2006, when it moved to Inverness.
To date, Meanbh-chuileag has visited more than 300 schools across Scotland, and more than 10,000 children have seen a Meanbh-chuileag play.

</doc>
<doc id="18443195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443195" title="Kinuura Rinkai Railway Hekinan Line">
Kinuura Rinkai Railway Hekinan Line

The is a Japanese railway line which connects Higashiura Station with Gongenzaki Station. The line runs from Higashiura to Hekinan in Aichi Prefecture. It is owned and run by Kinuura Rinkai Railway. It is a freight only service.
Stations.
in Higashiura, Chita District
in Takahama
in Hekinan

</doc>
<doc id="18443209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443209" title="Diva Las Vegas">
Diva Las Vegas

Diva Las Vegas was a show at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas starring Bette Midler performing as singer and comedienne. The one-time performance was filmed for television; HBO released it as a TV special originally broadcast on January 18, 1997 and repeated on February 2, 1997. Midler won the 1997 Primetime Emmy Award for Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program for the special. 
Among the songs performed were "The Rose", "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy", "From A Distance", "Friends", "Wind Beneath My Wings", "Stay With Me" and "Do You Want To Dance?".
Bette's daughter Sophie von Haselberg appeared for a short time during the song "Ukelele Lady". She sat with the rest of the cast and musicians on stage playing a ukulele and singing the words. 
Set list.
The set list is according to the DVD chapter stops (28 in total). The soundtrack to this concert film has a different track listing and is much shorter in length. 
Technical Aspects.
The concert was filmed in full frame (1.33:1) and the sound was recorded in Dolby Digital. On the DVD of this concert film, there are English subtitles and an animated menu screen with scene selections, but there are no bonus materials.
The concert runs for 123 minutes (2 hours and 3 minutes) in total, including credits.
The DVD was not rated with an MPAA rating, but some releases are rated with an "M" for mature audiences (undoubtedly due to strong language and sexual innuendos).
To date, the special has not been officially released to home video in the US. A PAL VHS was issued in Europe, followed by a region 2 DVD. Most recently, a PAL DVD for regions 2-6 was included in a 2009 UK reissue of "".

</doc>
<doc id="18443219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443219" title="Owari-Morioka Station">
Owari-Morioka Station

History.
Owari-Morioka Station was opened on December 7, 1933 as a passenger station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). The station was closed on November 11, 1944 and reopened on April 15, 1957 as a station on the Japan National Railway (JNR). With the privatization and dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the Central Japan Railway Company. Automatic turnstiles were installed in May 1992, and the TOICA system of magnetic fare cards was implemented in November 2006.
Layout.
Owari-Morioka Station has one side platform serving bi-directional traffic. There is no station building, and the station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Central Japan Railway Company

</doc>
<doc id="18443220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443220" title="Advanced Modular Armor Protection">
Advanced Modular Armor Protection

Advanced Modular Armor Protection (AMAP) is modular composite armour concept, developed by the German company IBD Deisenroth Engineering. According to IBD AMAP is a 4th generation composite armour, making use of nano-ceramics and modern steel alloy technologies.
AMAP is the successor of MEXAS.
Some modules of the AMAP family can be combined to create an all-around protection.
Structure.
AMAP is making use of new advanced steel alloys, Aluminium-Titanium alloys, nanometric steels, ceramics and nano-ceramics. The new high-hardened steel needs 30% less thickness to offer the same protection level as ARMOX500Z High Hard Armour steel.
While Titanium requires only 58% as much weight as rolled homogeneous armour (RHA) for reaching the same level of protection, "Mat 7720 new", a newly developed Aluminium-Titanium alloy, needs only 38% of the weight. That means that this alloy is more than twice as protective as RHA of the same weight.
AMAP is also making use of new nano-ceramics, which are harder and lighter than current ceramics, while having multi-hit capability. Normal ceramic tiles and a liner backing have a mass-efficiency (EM) value of 3 compared to normal steel armour, while it fulfills STANAG 4569. The new nano-crystalline ceramic materials should increase the hardness compared to current ceramics by 70% and the weight reduction is 30%, therefore the EM value is larger than 4. Furthermore the higher fracture toughness increases the general multi-hit capability. Some AMAP-modules might consist of this new ceramic tiles glued on a backing liner and overlaid by a cover, a concept which is also used by MEXAS. Lightweight SLAT armour is also part of the AMAP family.
In excess new nano-ceramic armour overlaying a vehicle's base armour, which is backed up by a spall-liner, can archieve a weight reduction of more than 40% to meet the Level 3 of STANAG 4569. Furthermore AMAP's glue and lining components are working efficiently even at high temperatures (like ).
AMAP is a modular protection concept, therefore several modules, some of them in different variants according the required protection level, are formed. The efficiency may be increased if more types of AMAP-modules are used.
AMAP modules.
AMAP-ADS.
An active protection system named AMAP-ADS (Active Defense System) was developed to prevent a vehicle from being hit by ballistic threats. The system is also known under the name "AAC" in Sweden and under the name "Shark" in France.
AMAP-ADS is by now one of the fastest active protection systems. In contrast to millisecond systems like Raytheon's Quick Kill or IMI's Iron Fist it is a microsecond system, needing only microseconds to react. This reduces the minimum defeat distance and enables protection against more different threats like RPGs or EFPs.
Sensors for target detection and countermeasures are installed all around the vehicle. The system weight is 140 kg for light vehicles and up to 500 kg for heavy vehicles.
AMAP-AIR.
AMAP-AIR is designed to protect aircraft like the Eurocopter Tiger. Aircraft require special lightweight armour.
AMAP-B.
AMAP-B (ballistic) provides protection against kinetic energy penetrators like bullets, autocannon calibers like 20 mm or 30 mm and against APFSDS of tank guns like modern 120 mm or 125 mm rounds. Like MEXAS AMAP-B exists in three versions. Light offers protection against small arms for light armoured or soft-skinned vehicles, helicopters, aircraft and boats. The medium version of AMAP-B is normally used on medium armoured vehicles such as the IFVs and APCs. These vehicles normally need protection against autocannons up to 30 mm caliber. The heavy AMAP-B version is for use on tanks.
AMAP-IED.
AMAP-IED is designed for protection against mines. Mines have caused high losses to troops in Afghanistan and Iraq. AMAP-IED is used in two protection levels, level 1 provides protection against small arms fire, fragments and blasts, upgraded to level two it is also protecting against EFPs and rocket-propelled grenades like the RPG-7. The level 2 also includes a mine protection.
AMAP-L.
AMAP-L (liner) is the spall liner of AMAP. AMAP-L can be attached to soft-skinned or armoured vehicles. The spall cone which is normally 87° can be reduced to only 17°. Over 30,000 vehicles have been fitted with spall lining systems of IBD.
AMAP-M.
AMAP-M (mine) is a mine protection armour module. It fulfills STANAG 4569 and has a lower weight than conventional mine protection systems.
AMAP-MPS.
AMAP-MPS (multi purpose seat) is a special blast-protected seat. Contrary to normal seats, it is not attached to the vehicle floor or roof, so shock-energy can be absorbed by the seats.
AMAP-P.
AMAP-P uses retractable modules, similar to side skirts or slat armour, to effectively defeat RPGs. It is a modern variant of spaced armour. AMAP-P is multi-hit-capable. It's areal density is lower than 15 kg/m².
AMAP-R.
AMAP-R (roof) is designed to protect the roof of a vehicle against artillery bomblets and EFPs. AMAP-R consists of two armour layers, called AMAP-R Level 1 and AMAP-R Level 2. Compared to conventional roof protection, which can have an aerial density of up to 450 kg/m², AMAP-R is very lightweight (Level 1 has an aerial density of only 25 kg/m², Level 1 and 2 together have an aerial density of 120 kg/m²). The normal vehicle armour is overlaid by one or two layer of AMAP-R. Level 1 provides protection against bomblets, while Level 2 protects against EFPs.
AMAP-S.
AMAP-S (stealth) is IDB's solution of reducing the vehicles signature. AMAP-S can be fitted to naval vehicles, like ships, land vehicles and aircraft. The facility of IBD has own instruments to measure the signatures of a vehicle.
AMAP-SC.
AMAP-SC (shaped charge) has a very high mass-effency, the EM is between 8 and 10. AMAP-SC has multi-hit capability and protects also against other threats including mines. Since AMAP-SC is passive armour, in contrast to ERA, no explosives are used, so collateral damage is reduced to a minimum.
AMAP-T.
AMAP-T (transparency) is the bulletproof glass component of AMAP. The use of modern ceramic armour reduces the weight by up to 50% compared to normal bulletproof glass of the same protection level. It meets STANAG 4569 levels 1 to 4.
Applications.
Some of the known applications for AMAP include following armoured vehicles:
Aircraft.
The active protection system AMAP-ADS have already been tested on several vehicles including the SPz Marder, SEP, CV90120, AMV 8x8 and LMV.

</doc>
<doc id="18443222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443222" title="Kempinski Hotel Mall of the Emirates">
Kempinski Hotel Mall of the Emirates

Kempinski Hotel Mall of the Emirates is a five star hotel in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, attached to UAE's first indoor ski slope and one of the biggest shopping malls outside of North America.
Location.
Kempinski Hotel Mall of the Emirates is located on Sheikh Zayed Road, 4th Interchange, Al Barsha. Adjacent to the Mall of the Emirates and Ski Dubai, Kempinski Hotel Mall of the Emirates is situated between Downtown Dubai and Dubai Marina.
History.
Construction commenced in 2005, followed by the designs of the Wilson Associates firm. Wilson Associates was a finalist in the 27th annual Gold Key Awards for Excellence in Hospitality Design. The Hotel doors opened for the first time on the 6th of April 2006.
Structure and exterior design.
The five-star hotel is attached to one of the biggest malls in the world as well as to UAE's first indoor ski slope. The building is 17 stories high, with an outside pool-terrace situated on the second floor. The underground parking lot provides space for guests and visitors.
The hotel is managed by Kempinski.
Guest rooms and suites.
The hotel has 393 rooms and suites including 15 chalets with views over the indoor ski.
Meeting and banqueting facilities.
Kempinski Hotel Mall of the Emirates includes 9 daylight banquet and conference rooms, 4 office rooms and indoor and outdoor breakout areas located on the second floor next to the Business Centre, which offers extended business services.
The Kempinski Hotel Mall of the Emirates was also the venue of the second Dubai Debates on 31 May 2011.
Awards.
Kempinski Hotel Mall of the Emirates was recognized as the Middle East Leading Leisure Hotel in the recent World Travel Awards and in 2007 was bestowed as the Best New Five Star Resort as well as the Best Tourism Project at the Middle East and North Africa Tourism Awards, the hotel was also cited as one of the “World’s 15 Coolest Hotels” according to Travel + Leisure, a widely circulated hospitality magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18443226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443226" title="Ogawa Station (Aichi)">
Ogawa Station (Aichi)

History.
Ogawa Station was opened on March 1, 1900 as a passenger station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). Freight operations commenced from April 1, 1903, and the station building was reconstructed at that time. The JGR became the Japan National Railway (JNR) after World War II. Freight operations were discontinued from November 15, 1975 and small parcel operations from February 1, 1984. With the privatization and dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the Central Japan Railway Company. Automatic turnstiles were installed in May 1992, and the TOICA system of magnetic fare cards was implemented in November 2006.
Layout.
Ogawa Station has two elevated opposed side platforms, with the station building located underneath.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Central Japan Railway Company

</doc>
<doc id="18443239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443239" title="Ishihama Station">
Ishihama Station

History.
Ishihama Station was opened on April 15, 1957 as a passenger station on the Japan National Railway (JNR). With the privatization and dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the Central Japan Railway Company. Automatic turnstiles were installed in May 1992, and the TOICA system of magnetic fare cards was implemented in November 2006.
Layout.
Ishihama Station has two opposed side platforms connected by an overpass. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Central Japan Railway Company

</doc>
<doc id="18443258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443258" title="Higashiura Station">
Higashiura Station

History.
Higashiura Station was opened on November 11, 1944 as a passenger station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), which became the Japan National Railway (JNR) after World War II. Small arcel services began in 1947, and freight services in 1948. Freight services were discontinued in January 1960; however, the Kinuura Rinkai Railway established the Hekinan Line on May 25, 1977, which restored freight service to the station. Small parcel operations were discontinued in 1984. With the privatization and dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the Central Japan Railway Company. Automatic turnstiles were installed in May 1992, and the TOICA system of magnetic fare cards was implemented in November 2006.
Layout.
Higashiura Station has two opposed side platforms connected by an overpass.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Central Japan Railway Company
!colspan=5|Kinuura Rinkai Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18443262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443262" title="Actions of 7/8 May 1945">
Actions of 7/8 May 1945

The last actions in British coastal waters and the last actions of the Battle of the Atlantic took place on 7/8 May 1945.
Background.
During the first five months of 1945, the U-boat Arm (UbW) of the German Navy dispatched 125 U boat patrols to the Atlantic, operating principally in British coastal waters.
By 5 May, just 29 were still at large.
Actions.
On the morning of 7 May, "U-320" — a modified Type VIIC/41 boat under O/L H Emmerich — was two days into her first operational patrol and running submerged, when she was detected by an RAF Catalina under Flt/Lt KM Murray of 210 Squadron, Coastal Command. Murray attacked immediately with a pattern of depth charges. "U-320" was damaged but not destroyed; Murray sighted oil, and sonobuoys dropped by the Catalina detected hammering. Murray was unable to continue the attack and by mid-afternoon, at his Prudent Limit of Endurance (PLE), was forced to abandon the hunt. Emmerich meanwhile headed for Norway, abandoning his crippled boat the following day. Emmerich and all his crew survived. 
"U-320" was the last U-boat to be sunk in action during the Battle of the Atlantic.
Also on 7 May, — a modified Type VIIC/41 under K/L H Schroeteler — sighted a group of Norwegian minesweepers off Portland Bill. In his first successful attack since the patrol started, in March, he struck. His torpedoes hit "NYMS 382", which sank with the loss of 22 men.
At around the same time, "U-2336" — a Type XXIII under O/L E Klusmeier seven days into her first operational patrol — sighted a British convoy in the Firth of Forth. Firing his two torpedoes, Klusmeier hit freighters "Sneland" and "Avondale Park", which both sank. Nine men were lost altogether. Both U-boats escaped.
These actions took place in the evening of 7 May 1945, just hours before the German surrender.
Conclusion.
These were the last ships to be sunk by enemy action in the Battle of the Atlantic, nearly five and a half years after the first shot was fired.

</doc>
<doc id="18443295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443295" title="F.C. Halifax Town">
F.C. Halifax Town

Football Club Halifax Town, otherwise known as FC Halifax Town, is an English association football club based in Halifax, West Yorkshire. The club participates in the Conference Premier, the fifth tier of English football. The club replaced Halifax Town A.F.C. who went into administration during the 2007–08 season.
History.
Formation.
Huge tax debts buried Halifax Town A.F.C. after almost 100 years as a football club.
New figures put to a reconvened creditors meeting in May 2008 showed the cash-strapped Shaymen owed over £800,000 to Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs.
The Revenue refused any deal and that effectively finished the club – already over £2 million in the red.
Administrators had been trying to broker a rescue package but speaking after five hours of talks that left liquidation near inevitable, administrator Rob Sadler said: "Halifax Town will probably perish."
It was originally thought the club owed the taxman around £500,000, which might have left scope for a deal.
But the news that it owed £814,000 meant that even if all the other creditors had accepted the 2.5p-in-the-pound offer originally on the table it would not have been enough.
At a meeting of The Football Association, discussing the makeup of the football pyramid for the 2008/09 season, F.C. Halifax Town were not placed in either the Conference Premier, the Conference North or the Northern Premier League Premier Division.
Halifax appealed against the decision to remove them from the Football Conference. Though the appeal was rejected on 11 June, the hope was that Halifax could play in the NPL Premier Division. This did not materialise, and eventually Halifax Town were accepted to play in the Northern Premier League Division One North in the new season under the new name F.C. Halifax Town.
2008–09.
The club's first game under the new name FC Halifax Town was a friendly away against Tamworth on 19 July 2008. There was to be no fairytale ending however, and the game ended in a 2–0 defeat. The club's first ever victory was against Alsager Town on 26 July 2008 by a 2–0 scoreline. Colin Hunter scored the new club's first ever goal after six minutes. Their first competitive Northern League Division One North match was at The Shay against Bamber Bridge on 16 August 2008, but the game resulted in a 3–0 loss for the Shaymen.
The club got off to a poor start, despite recording their first competitive victory in the next match. However, a 7–1 home win against Salford City in late September seemed to turn the tide for Town. They went on an 8-game unbeaten run, 7 of those being victories, and shot to the top of the league table. The run eventually came to an end against Rossendale United, who ended up doing the league double over Halifax and finishing the season bottom of the table.
Despite the loss, Halifax remained top and more good results, including 5–1 and 4–1 victories against Garforth Town and Wakefield respectively, kept their promotion hopes alive. After the Wakefield match however, Halifax won just 2 of their final 14 league games, the wins coming against Harrogate Railway Athletic and Clitheroe, both 2–1. This poor run led to the sacking of manager Jim Vince, and senior player Nigel Jemson stepped up to the manager's position for the remainder of the season. The automatic promotion places were certainly out of Halifax's reach going into the final 5 games, but the club needed to win a minimum of 3 of these final 5 games to have any chance of reaching the play-offs. They could only manage 2 draws and so a poor ending to the season cost them dearly, and they had to settle for a final position of 8th.
2009–10.
With new manager Neil Aspin taking the helm near the start of close season, Halifax Town got off to a much better start. Promising results in pre-season friendlies were consolidated after beating Colwyn Bay 3–0 on their own turf in the first league match of the season. The results continued to be impressive, most notably in September, winning every game and conceding only one goal in the process. This included a 2–0 away victory over promotion-pushing Conference North team Droylsden, before coming to a home defeat to Wrexham in the Fourth Qualifying Round in front of a then record gate for FC Halifax Town, 2,843. Furthermore, first-choice goalkeeper Jonathan Hedge was called up for the England C national football team. Halifax's glory streak faltered a little after losing 1–0 away to Prescot Cables in the only game during the season where they failed to score.
Halifax failed to record a game for over a month during the heavy weather in the winter, and Lancaster City dominated the promotion race for a while. However, Halifax continued to rake up impressive results, and during a congested schedule beat Ossett Albion 5–0, and Harrogate Railway Athletic, Prescot Cables and Colwyn Bay 3–0 apiece among other results. A decisive moment came against Garforth Town away, when, after a Garforth substitute being sent off, Halifax came back from 3–1 down to win 3–4 in the last stoppage time.
That following Saturday, 10 April, Halifax faced Lancaster City at home, beating them 4–0 in front of a new record gate, 3,152. This result gained Halifax points over Lancaster for the first time since the beginning of the season. The Shaymen followed this excellent result on Monday 13 April by beating 3rd placed Curzon Ashton away 5–0. They held onto the top spot until the end of the season, becoming champions of the Northern Premier League Division One North with 100 points. The title was sealed with a 2–2 home draw against Clitheroe after beating Ossett Albion away 4–2 the previous Saturday in front of over 1000 travelling supporters.
2010–11.
Halifax started life in the Northern Premier League by making numerous signings, notably former Bradford City captain Mark Bower from Darlington and forward Jamie Vardy from Stocksbridge Park Steels, a player who would go on to make a big impact in more ways than one.
The Shaymen began the season how they would have wanted, winning their inaugural match at this level 2–1 against Buxton at the Shay, however draws against Frickley Athletic and Colwyn Bay plus a defeat at fellow newly promoted side Chasetown left Town in 13th position. However things did pick up; Town were unbeaten in their next twelve league games, winning a remarkable eleven of them to send the Shaymen six points clear of nearest challengers Colwyn Bay, and having played two games less than them. Within this unbeaten run, Halifax also played host to Conference Premier side Mansfield Town in the fourth qualifying round of the FA Cup, although like the previous season they succumbed to a narrow defeat.
A shock home defeat against North Ferriby United was just an anomalous result in the league campaign. On New Year's Day 2011, Town hosted FC United of Manchester at the Shay which attracted a crowd of 4,023, an attendance that at the time held the record crowd for the Northern Premier League. Halifax won with ease, coming out 4–1 victors thanks to two late goals after having already beaten the Red Rebels three weeks prior at Gigg Lane. Victory at Northwich Victoria and an emphatic 8–1 home win against Ossett Town in mid-January, FC Halifax Town's biggest ever win, settled minor worries after going down 2–1 at bogey side Colwyn Bay and the Shaymen continued to win games at will despite the odd hiccup.
Halifax won an incredible match against Chasetown in late March, with four of the five goals in the 3–2 win coming very late on after Town had gone behind. Halifax had the chance to wrap up the championship at home to Matlock Town but a late penalty for the visitors meant Town had to wait. They finally won the title after winning 2–0 at Retford United and gained automatic promotion to the Conference North. This was their second league title in as many seasons.
2011–12.
After two incredible seasons, there was a belief around the club that three consecutive promotions could be on the cards. A good pre-season increased optimism but everyone was brought back down to Earth after Town lost their opening game at home to Corby Town. A close-fought encounter at Blyth Spartans ended in victory for the Shaymen but this win was succeeded by four consecutive draws. Meanwhile, star striker Jamie Vardy was bought by Fleetwood Town and after having a very successful season was snapped up by Championship outfit Leicester City. Defeats against Hinckley United and Vauxhall Motors didn't help the cause and Halifax were languishing in 16th place with only two wins from their opening nine games. This wasn't good enough and the team responded, winning four of their next six games including a victory against eventual league champions Hyde.
Despite the poor league form, Halifax were enjoying a good run in the FA Cup; the club reached the first round for the first time since their reformation and were drawn at home to Charlton Athletic who were five points clear at the top of League One at the time. The tie was selected to be shown live on ITV1. Town gave a very good account of themselves despite going down 4–0 after three late goals. The record attendance for the club was also broken, with a crowd of 4,601.
A sluggish period after the highs of the Charlton game were quickly forgotten after Halifax went on a ten game unbeaten run, propelling them from 13th position to 3rd, a position around which they stayed for the remainder of the season. Defeats against Nuneaton Town began an inconsistent run which led to a nail-biting end to the season in the race to make the play-offs. Town lost away at fellow play-off hopefuls Stalybridge Celtic but three wins from the final four games secured a 3rd place finish.
Halifax faced Gainsborough Trinity in the play-offs, a side who they hadn't lost to in the regular season, however after going 2–0 down at the Northolme they came back to draw the first leg 2–2. In the second leg, Town went down 1–0 despite having more of the ball throughout the game but poor finishing meant that they had to settle for another season in the Conference North.
2012–13.
The season began with somewhat of a cull of the previous season's squad; only nine members of that squad were initially retained for the upcoming season. Numerous high-profile signings were made in the close-season including former Huddersfield Town captain Jon Worthington, ex-Wigan Athletic midfielder Jason Jarrett and strikers Dale Johnson and Gareth Seddon from Droylsden and Conference Premier champions Fleetwood Town respectively. The duo had formed a prolific goalscoring partnership at Hyde between 2006 and 2008. Following these signings, Halifax were installed as the pre-season favourites for the Conference North title ahead of fellow phoenix and ex-league club Chester.
The Shaymen's season began as they would've wanted with a 2–1 victory against the most southerly side in the division Bishop's Stortford, despite falling behind. Another defeat against Colwyn Bay was followed by a 5–1 drubbing of Workington before a draw at neighbours Bradford Park Avenue. The Shaymen struggled to find consistency in the early stages and after their draw at the Horsfall Stadium they already found themselves 5 points adrift of joint league leaders Guiseley, Brackley Town and Chester. A loss at Chester in September was followed by a good run, which included the start of Halifax's FA Cup and FA Trophy runs.
The Shaymen reached the fourth qualifying round of the FA Cup, bowing out 2–0 to Lincoln City in a replay at the Shay, after having given the Conference side a good run for their money in a goalless draw at Sincil Bank. The Trophy saw Town fare better than in the Cup, reaching the quarter-finals but eventually ending up on the wrong end of a 3–2 defeat to another Conference side in a replay, this time in the form of Dartford.Fc Halifax Town fought valiantly over these two games but found the Dartford strength too much
During the middle of the season, Town experienced a large number of fixture postponements due to their involvement in the cups and the poor drainage system at the New Shay, causing the pitch to become easily waterlogged. Incidentally Halifax's home league tie in February against Stalybridge Celtic had to be moved to Rochdale's Spotland Stadium. By the start of February, Halifax had ten games in hand on runaway leaders Chester and were 41 points behind them. The continuation of the foul weather left Halifax having to play 12 league games in 27 days in April. Many fans thought that such a backlog of fixtures would tire the players out and cause them to miss out on the playoffs entirely, after having been in the mix even with so many games in hand. The Shaymen only won 2 of these 12 games but still made it into the playoffs fairly comfortably to finish the season in 5th place.
Town were paired up with local neighbours Guiseley in the playoff semi final after they had finished in 2nd place. A 1–1 draw at the Shay left things finely poised for the second leg at Nethermoor. Halifax managed to pull off an excellent 2–0 victory which was thoroughly deserved against the side who finished 16 points ahead of the Shaymen. Halifax were through to face Brackley Town away in the playoff final.
A close match was fought between the two sides whose league games had both finished goalless. The match was won by a 75th minute Lee Gregory goal to send Halifax Town back into the Conference Premier after a five season absence following their demotion.
Two days later Halifax faced Guiseley once again, this time in the final of the West Riding County Cup at Valley Parade. They won 1–0 in extra time thanks to a Gareth Seddon goal to win their second trophy in three days after overcoming Liversedge, Albion Sports and Ossett Town in previous rounds. They scored eleven goals without reply on their way to the trophy.
2013–14.
The 2013–14 season began with manager Neil Aspin signing a new two-year contract which would keep him at the Shay until 2015. The pre-season activity started with the signing of former loanee Matty Pearson who had been released by Rochdale. Neil Aspin boosted his squad by signing Guiseley duo Kevin Holsgrove and Josh Wilson. Keith Briggs joined the Shaymen from Conference Premier rivals Kidderminster, Adam Smith from Lincoln, Simon Ainge from Luton and the return of Paul Marshall to the Shay, amongst others. The summer of 2013 also saw the departure of Liam Hogan to Fleetwood Town after a three-year spell with the West Yorkshire club.
There was to be no dream start for the Shaymen upon their return to the Conference. Despite taking a 1–0 Lead at Cambridge through Lee Gregory's goal, Town quickly hit self-destruct and saw Captain Danny Lowe and Goalkeeper Matt Glennon sent off for professional fouls. The final score was 5–1, but the Shaymen took heart from playing 70 minutes with 9 men. The first victory of the season came two days after the game with Cambridge and 4 years after the FA Cup defeat to Wrexham the two sides met again, and this time it was Halifax who won by a margin of 3 goals to 2 with goals coming from Lois Maynard, Josh Wilson and Lee Gregory.
A two goal victory over Dartford was to follow. The side whoS had knocked the Shaymen out of the FA Trophy in the previous season were no match for the Shaymen, and goals from Lee Gregory and Kevin Holsgrove were the difference. Town's first away point of the season came at Macclesfield. The visitors raced into a two goal lead, and the dismissal of Silkmen striker Connor Jennings looked to have given town a third win in a row, but Scott Boden and Jack Mackreth scored the goals to restrict Halifax to a solitary point. Followed by a 1–0 victory over early leaders Southport, a game which saw Lee Gregory taken off with a broken hand and Kevin Holsgrove's 86th minute winner. The former Guiseley man's second goal in the space of 48 hours enough.
The Shaymen's 30 game unbeaten record at the Shay.
Spanning into three seasons, The Shaymen went 30 games at The Shay unbeaten. The run lasted from 18 April 2009 to 20 November 2010. It all began as a disappointing 2008–2009 season was coming to a close with a 1–2 defeat to Curzon Ashton, which ended any hopes of a playoff place that year, and cemented Curzon's.
They won 18 and drew 3 in the 2009–2010 season to seal the Northern Premier League Division One North championship with 100 points and 105 goals. A slow start to the beginning of the 2010–2011 season seemed to spell the end of the home run very soon, but with the return of injured left/right backs Danny Lowe and Aaron Hardy and star striker James Dean, The Shaymen's season quickly took off and they rose to top spot in the league. The Shaymen's unbeaten run finally came to an end on 20 November 2010, when North Ferriby United outplayed Halifax and dispatched them 0–2.
Rivals.
According to a survey conducted in 2003, Halifax's three main rivals are:
Other rivals include Bradford City and York City

</doc>
<doc id="18443304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443304" title="Higashi-Narawa Station">
Higashi-Narawa Station

History.
Higashi-Narawa Station was opened on March 1, 1933 as a passenger station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). Freight operations commenced from May 1, 1945. The JGR became the Japan National Railway (JNR) after World War II. Freight operations were discontinued from November 15, 1975 and the station became unattended after that time. With the privatization and dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the Central Japan Railway Company. Automatic turnstiles were installed in May 1992, and the TOICA system of magnetic fare cards was implemented in November 2006.
A freight only spur line from Higashi-Narawa on the Kinuura Rinkai Railway Handa Line was established in 1971.
Layout.
Higashi-Narawa Station has a single island platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Central Japan Railway Company
!colspan=5|Kinuura Rinkai Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18443317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443317" title="Bigfoot Entertainment">
Bigfoot Entertainment

Bigfoot Entertainment is the parent company of Bigfoot Films, Bigfoot Productions, Bigfoot Production Services, Bigfoot Partners, the International Academy of Film and Television, New Cebu Films and Fashion One Network. The Bigfoot Group operates as an independent feature film and TV production and distribution company that develops, produces, and finances media content, including independent feature films, television series, reality shows, filmmaking education, and community outreach. The company's studios is in Cebu, Philippines, while its headquarters are located in Miami Beach, Florida, United States.
Background.
Bigfoot Entertainment was founded in 2002 by German entrepreneur Michael Gleissner to finance and develop feature films, documentaries, and reality TV shows. Productions have been filmed at the company's Bigfoot Studios in the Philippines as well as on location in the United States, Hong Kong, China, Africa, Europe, the Philippines, and Vietnam.
The studio facilities includes six sound stages and a post-production site. It was initially constructed in 2004 to serve as a production facility for Bigfoot Entertainment and Bigfoot Films. The company also acquired the franchises for Fashion TV (FTV) in Singapore and Philippines.
The company's facilities was expanded in November 2008 after Bigfoot negotiated a 25-year lease, marking Bigfoot Studios as the first international movie studio in the country. It consists of the six sound stages, an underwater filming tank, editing suites, sound mixing, and Foley studios.
Bigfoot also founded the International Academy of Film and Television (IAFT) as an international film school providing aspiring filmmakers with a competitive education under the mentorship of industry professionals. IAFT is located in Mactan with offices in Los Angeles. In April 2009, Bigfoot Entertainment, through their subsidiary Bigfoot Films, made its first offering to Chinese movie audiences with the release of "Hui Lu" in over 700 theaters across China. The film was shot on location in Hong Kong, and underwent post-production at the Bigfoot Studios in Mactan, in Cebu, Philippines.
In April 2010, Bigfoot Entertainment launched Hong Kong based 24/7 fashion network the "Fashion One." It is broadcast internationally and presents a unique mix of lifestyle, travel, entertainment, film and fashion.
Bigfoot Entertainment also owns the Majestic Crest Theatre in Westwood, California, a building that, in 2008, was designated as an Historic-Cultural Monument by the City of Los Angeles. They purchased the facility in October 2010, as a venue in which to screen mainstream independent releases and to showcase their own films.
In September 2010, it was announced that Bigfoot was acquiring an interest in the Miami Film School in Hollywood, Florida, and the Palm Beach Film School in West Palm Beach, Florida.
In November 2010, Bigfoot acquired Ascendent Pictures and formed Bigfoot Ascendant Distribution as a theatrical and home entertainment division to offer theatrical, home video, and video on demand distribution, as well as foreign sales representation and domestic television sales representation.
Facilities.
The company's main production facilities are located on the island of Mactan, in Cebu, Philippines, with its Asia-Pacific headquarters located in Hong Kong, China.
Its facilities also include the Underwater Studio, an underwater film production unit, equipped with its own insert tank, film gear with under water housing, marine platform, crew and on-site construction facilities for building and rigging underwater sets.
Bigfoot also operates Cleverlearn, an educational division to provide web-based English language instruction and test preparation. After having secured licensing agreements with television's "The Apprentice" and "Baywatch" in 2006, Cleverlearn launched Movielearn, which uses DVDs of the two series to teach conversational and colloquial English not normally found in the classroom.
Community Outreach.
Bigfoot Entertainment founded the Bigfoot Asia Pacific Foundation (BAPF) as a non-profit organization to provide IT education to underprivileged youth through technological grants and teacher training. Currently, 33 schools have received funding and training from the foundation, and 22 Bigfoot Learning Centers have been established at public high schools in the Visayas, Philippines, with plans for further expansion.
In 2004, the Bigfoot Asia Pacific Foundation was selected as the Mayor's Special Awardee at the 67th Cebu City Charter Day Celebration in recognition of its continuing work with the city's schools, and in 2005, Bigfoot Global Solutions received a special citation by the Cebu Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
See also.
Bigfoot International

</doc>
<doc id="18443318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443318" title="Stewart's Restaurants">
Stewart's Restaurants

Stewart's Restaurants are classic 1950s style fast-food restaurants located throughout the United States. Restaurants are branded as Stewart's Root Beer or Stewart's Drive-In or similar variations. Started in 1924 in Mansfield, Ohio by Frank Stewart, the chain became a franchise in 1931. Stewart's is famous for its Stewart's Fountain Classics root beer and hot dogs. It has over 60 locations in the United States, 38 of them in New Jersey with the rest in Maryland, Missouri, Kentucky, Oklahoma, Ohio, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Florida.
History.
The first Stewart's Drive-In was opened by Frank Stewart in 1924
Mansfield, Ohio. Stewart opened up a small stand to make extra money in the summer to supplement his income as a school teacher. 
The restaurant was originally a west coast style fast food eatery serving only root beer and popcorn. He added extra salt to his popcorn to boost his root beer sales. He opened up more locations, many of them with carhops.
Entrepreneur John L. Mandt helped expand the chain into a franchise in 1931. The Mandt family still owns three locations in West Virginia. Ownership of the company was handed over to Ohio businessman Carl Ransbottom, then to businessman Raymond Beck. Carl's son, Robert E. Ransbottom continued to work under Beck, who sold the company to Frostie Enterprises in 1971, which was purchased by a company named Moxie Industries. In 1979, the company was handed over to a new company, DeNovo Corporation, which also operated Dog n Suds franchises in the Midwest. Michael W. Fessler, one of the original owners of the DeNovo Corp., still owns Stewarts Restaurants, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18443319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443319" title="Pierre Matignon">
Pierre Matignon

Pierre Matignon (born Verchers-sur-Layon, France, 11 February 1943 — died Saint-Michel-de-Chavaignes, 1 November 1987) was the French racing cyclist who held last place in the Tour de France but won one of its most prestigious stages alone.
Background.
Pierre Matignon was a little-known rider in the Frimatic team during the Tour de France of 1969. As an amateur he had won a stage in the 1962 Tour de l'Avenir, the shorter version of the Tour de France for amateurs and semi-professionals. He had a modest career apart from that, with second and third places and a win at Brigueuil-le-Chantre in 1966 He then turned professional for a team run by the former rider, Louis Caput, who entered him for the Tour de France in his first season.
1969 Tour de France.
The 1969 Tour de France had been an exceptional race and more than a third of the 130 starters had already dropped out by the 20th stage. Among those who had gone home were stars: they included Roger De Vlaeminck, Rik van Looy and Luis Ocaña. The winner three years earlier, Lucien Aimar, was more than an hour behind. Jan Janssen, the winner in 1968, was at 48 minutes.
Those still riding, however, included Eddy Merckx, who led the race, the Frenchmen Raymond Poulidor and Roger Pingeon and the Italian, Felice Gimondi.
Matignon was 86th and last, three hours behind the leader. For much of the race he had competed not to win but to finish last, because the lanterne rouge - the back light of the race - often profited from sympathy in the contracts for round-the-houses races that followed the Tour. In that competition, he was challenged by André Wilhem of the rival Sonolor team. On the 20th day, from Brive to the summit of the Puy-de-Dôme near Clermont-Ferrand, Wilhem realised he could not go slower than Matignon and so he attacked right from the start.
The others finally caught him, there was a lull before Pingeon tried an attack, and then the race settled into a long ride across the heat of central France. Everyone was grateful for a breather, said the reporter Jacques Augendre. The decision for the stars would come on the coiling road that ran like a helter-skelter up the old volcano on which the day finished. They had only to watch each other.
Matignon had punctured while Wilhem was riding clear and, deemed unworthy of help from his team, had ridden on alone behind the race. Eventually he caught it, rode with it for a while, then attacked on the hill at Chavanon where the race slowed down with 66 km to go to take cloth bags of food. He gained three minutes in 20 km, the others taking him no more seriously off the front than they had when he was off the back. Four riders set off to chase when he had five minutes with 30 km left to ride but two were his own team-mates hindering rather than helping the chase. He had seven and a half minutes' lead with 20 km to go.
By Chapatte's Law, devised by the French commentator Robert Chapatte, it takes a bunch 10 km to reduce a lone rider's lead by a minute. There was now every chance that the lowliest rider in the race would win a stage to the top of the Puy-de-Dôme, a mountain which entered the legend of the Tour five years earlier after a duel there between Poulidor and Jacques Anquetil.
The Peugeot team set off the real chase to defend Pingeon's second place as Matignon grew more tired. His lead with 10 km to go had fallen to two kilometres. Merckx joined the chase and rode so hard that only Poulidor and Matignon's team-mate, Paul Gutty from Lyon, could stay with him. Merckx could see Matignon by the time he turned on to the private road that rose five kilometres at 12.5 per cent. Merckx accelerated again when he got to 500 metres and first Gutty and then Poulidor couldn't keep up. Matignon struggled, zigzagging to keep going on the slope. He never looked back until the hundred metres of flat road at the top, when he knew he had won. He raised one hand in brief salute, loosened his feet from the pedals and freewheeled across the line.
Pierre Chany wrote:
The night before, the photographers on the race had gone off to buy material with which to make a Chinese lantern they could offer to Louis Caput's novice. But the symbolic light changed destination: it hung instead from the saddle of Wilhem, the rider from Lorraine (region) who had lost more than 10 minutes on Matignon and now occupied last place.
Matignon finished the Tour 85th He rode once more, in 1972, and came 75th. He raced as a professional from 1969 to 1972 and died when he was 44.

</doc>
<doc id="18443325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443325" title="Haywood S. Hansell">
Haywood S. Hansell

Haywood Shepherd Hansell Jr., (September 28, 1903 – November 14, 1988) was a general officer in the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) during World War II, and later the United States Air Force. He became an advocate of the doctrine of strategic bombardment, and was one of the chief architects of the concept of daylight precision bombing that governed the use of airpower by the USAAF in the war.
Hansell played a key and largely unsung role in the strategic planning of air operations by the United States. This included drafting both the strategic air war plans (AWPD-1 and AWPD-42) and the plan for the Combined Bomber Offensive in Europe; obtaining a base of operations for the B-29 Superfortress in the Mariana Islands; and devising the command structure of the Twentieth Air Force, the first global strategic air force and forerunner of the Strategic Air Command. He made precision air attack, as both the most humane and effective means of achieving military success, a lifelong personal crusade that eventually became the key tenet of American airpower employment.
Hansell also held combat commands during the war, carrying out the very plans and doctrines he helped draft. He pioneered strategic bombardment of both Germany and Japan, as commander of the first B-17 Flying Fortress combat wing in Europe, and as the first commander of the B-29 force in the Marianas.
Childhood.
Hansell was born in Fort Monroe, Virginia, on September 28, 1903, the son of First Lieutenant (later Colonel) Haywood S. Hansell, an Army surgeon, and Susan Watts Hansell, both considered members of the "southern aristocracy" from Georgia. His great-great-great-grandfather John W. Hansell served in the American Revolution, his great-great-grandfather William Young Hansell was an officer in the War of 1812, and his great-grandfather Andrew Jackson Hansell was a general in the Confederate States Army and Georgia's adjutant general. His grandfather, William Andrew Hansell, graduated from Georgia Military Institute and also served as an officer in the Confederate Army, first in the 35th Alabama, then as a topographical engineer.
Shortly after his birth, the family was stationed in Beijing, China, then in the Philippines, and Hansell learned both Chinese and Spanish at an early age. Captain Hansell was next stationed at Fort McPherson, Georgia, in 1913, and then at Fort Benning. His father, a firm disciplinarian, sent Hansell to live on a small, family-owned ranch in New Mexico because of a perceived lack of discipline in his schooling. There he learned horsemanship, shooting, and studied with a tutor.
Education.
Hansell entered Sewanee Military Academy, near Chattanooga, Tennessee, in 1916, where he acquired the lifelong nickname "Possum." Although his biographers offer a number of explanations behind the nickname, the most likely is that his facial features gave him the appearance of a possum. At Sewanee he developed a fondness for English literature. As a senior Hansell rose to cadet captain and developed a reputation as a martinet. His harshness with the Corps of Cadets, combined with an excessive number of demerits acquired while the school was temporarily quartered in Jacksonville, Florida, following a fire, led to his reduction to cadet private.
Partly as a result of this humiliation, Hansell declined an appointment to the United States Military Academy to attend the Georgia School of Technology, where he was a member of Sigma Nu. Despite problems understanding differential equations, and twice attempting to transfer to another school (which his father would not permit), he overcame his difficulties with complex mathematics and graduated in 1924 with a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering. While at Georgia Tech he participated in varsity football as a walk-on substitute, and boxing. Hansell was awarded Georgia Tech's highest individual recognition, membership in the ANAK Society.
From 1924 to 1928 he attempted without success to find employment as a civil engineer in California, where his father was now stationed. Instead he worked as an apprentice and journeyman boilermaker with the Steel Tank and Pipe Company in Berkeley, California. Advances in aviation in the 1920s led Hansell to undertake a career in aeronautical engineering, and to gain flying experience, he decided to join the United States Army Air Corps.
Personality and family.
Short in stature and slightly built, Hansell worked at being an athlete, becoming proficient in tennis, polo, and squash. Socially, he was a noted dancer, and acquired a reputation as "the unofficial poet laureate of the Air Corps." He was fond of Gilbert and Sullivan, Shakespeare, and Miguel Cervantes’ "Don Quixote". General Ira C. Eaker described him as "nervous and high strung," and one biographer noted several incidents of imperious temper in social situations. However his correspondence secretary during World War II, T/Sgt. James Cooper, described him as "pleasant and diplomatic," and an aviation historian described him as "a forward-looking optimist with a sense of humor."
While stationed at Langley Field, Virginia, Hansell met his wife, Dorothy "Dotta" Rogers, a teacher from Waco, Texas, where they were married in 1932. He fathered three children, son "Tony" (Haywood S. Hansell III, born in 1933), daughter Lucia (1940), and son Dennett (1941). While frequent absences, long working hours, and Hansell’s autocratic nature severely stressed their marriage during World War II, they remained married for 56 years until his death in 1988. Hansell's eldest son continued the family military tradition, graduating from the United States Military Academy in 1955, becoming a colonel in the United States Air Force, and marrying Olivia Twining, the daughter of General Nathan F. Twining.
Early Air Corps career.
Pursuit pilot.
On February 23, 1928, Hansell was appointed a flying cadet. He completed primary and basic flying schools at March Field, California, then advanced flight training in pursuit flying at Kelly Field, Texas. He graduated from pilot training on February 28, 1929, and was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Army Reserve. He received a regular commission as a second lieutenant, Air Corps, on May 2, 1929.
Hansell's first duty assignment was with the 2nd Bombardment Group at Langley Field, testing repaired aircraft. In June 1930, he spent three months temporary duty with the 6th Field Artillery at Fort Hoyle, Maryland. In September 1930, he returned to Langley Field and was detached to the Air Corps Tactical School as armament officer. While stationed at Langley, Hansell was involved in two minor accidents in aircraft he was piloting, and in early 1931 was forced to parachute to safety when his Boeing P-12 stalled during a test flight, going into an unrecoverable spin. He was found at fault for the accident and initially charged $10,000 by the Air Corps for the expense of the aircraft, but the cost was eventually written off.
In August 1931, Hansell was transferred to Maxwell Field, Alabama, as assistant operations officer, with flying duties in the 54th School Squadron, to support the ACTS, which had located to Maxwell from Langley in July. During that tour of duty he met Captain Claire L. Chennault, an instructor at the Tactical School, and joined "The Men on the Flying Trapeze," an Air Corps aerobatic and demonstration team. The team performed at the National Air Races at Cleveland, Ohio, in September 1934. Hansell also worked with Captain Harold L. George, chief of the Tactical School’s bombardment section, where his military interest shifted from pursuits to bombers. The friendship that developed from the working relationship led to George becoming both Hansell’s mentor and patron.
Disciple of strategic airpower.
Hansell was promoted to first lieutenant on October 1, 1934 and entered the Air Corps Tactical School at Maxwell Field as a student in the comprehensive 845-hour, 36-week course, studying not only air tactics and airpower theory, which comprised more than half of the curriculum, but also tactics of other services, combined (joint) warfare, armament and gunnery, logistics, navigation and meteorology, staff duties, photography, combat orders, and antiaircraft defenses. Among his instructors was Captain George, now director of the Department of Air Tactics and Strategy. George's classes were half lecture, half free discussion and conceptualizing, with George or his assistant Capt. Odas Moon expounding theories and having the students critically examine them for flaws and alternative ideas, debates that continued beyond the classroom as well.
Making up the 59 members of his class were five majors, 40 captains, 13 first lieutenants including himself, and one second lieutenant. In addition to 49 Air Corps officers were four Army officers, one from each of that service's combat arms, two Turkish Army aviators, one Mexican captain, and three Marine Corps aviators, including two future major generals. Among Hansell's Air Corps peers were future generals Muir S. Fairchild, Barney Giles, Laurence S. Kuter, and Hoyt S. Vandenberg; test pilot Lester J. Maitland; and aviation pioneer Major Vernon Burge, who as a corporal in June 1912 had been the first certified enlisted military pilot. Hansell graduated in June 1935 and was invited to become an instructor at ACTS, one of nine in his class to become ACTS instructors, and the youngest in its history. He served on the faculty from 1935-1938 in the Department of Air Tactic's all-important Air Force Section, first under George, then Major Donald Wilson (another strategic bombing advocate), and lastly Fairchild.
Hansell became a member of a group known as the "Bomber Mafia," ACTS instructors who were both outspoken proponents of the doctrine of daylight precision strategic bombardment and advocates for an independent Air Force. Among the students instructed by Hansell were Ira C. Eaker, Elwood R. Quesada, Nathan F. Twining, Earle E. Partridge, Kenneth Wolfe, Orvil Anderson, John K. Cannon, and Newton Longfellow, all of whom became general officers and strategic airpower advocates during World War II. During this time, Hansell also had a permanent falling out with Chennault after Chennault tried to recruit him to go to China to fly fighters for the Kuomintang government.
In September 1938, still a first lieutenant, Hansell entered the Command and General Staff School at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, from which he was graduated in June 1939, shortly after promotion to captain. He then was assigned to the Office, Chief of Air Corps (OCAC), under General Henry H. Arnold, working a series of assignments as Arnold assembled an Air Staff to plan and execute a massive expansion of the Air Corps.
After duty in the Public Relations Section, OCAC from July 1 to September 5, 1939, he became assistant Executive Officer, OCAC to Ira Eaker from September 6 to November 20, 1939. In November 1939 he created, with Major Thomas D. White, the Intelligence Section, Information Division, OCAC. Hansell was its Officer in Charge, Air Corps Intelligence from November 21, 1939 to June 30, 1940; and its Chief, Operations Planning Branch, Foreign Intelligence Section from July 1, 1940 to June 30, 1941. He was promoted to major on March 15, 1941.
In the Air Intelligence Section, Hansell became responsible for setting up strategic air intelligence and analysis operations, creating three sections: analysis of foreign air forces and their doctrines, analysis of airfields worldwide including climate data, and preparation of target selection for major foreign powers. Much of the work was accomplished despite hindrance from the War Department’s G-2 office, which felt that such analysis was not "proper military intelligence." Development of sources of information for such analyses also was primitive, and he used his assignment to OPB to recruit a number of civilian economic experts who had recently been commissioned in the military. Hansell also created contacts among Royal Air Force officers stationed in Washington, D.C. to enhance his sources.
On July 7, 1941, Hansell went to London, England, as a special observer attached to the military attaché, where he was privy to the inner workings of RAF intelligence and their target folders on the German industrial infrastructure. In his memoir, Hansell stated that in the exchange of information, the AAF received nearly a ton of material, shipped back to the United States in a bomber.
AWPD-1.
On July 12, 1941, Hansell, just returned from London, was recruited by Harold George to join the Air War Plans Division of the newly created AAF Air Staff in Washington, D.C., as its Chief of European Branch. There a strategic planning team of former "bomber mafia" members (himself, George, Kuter, and War Plans Group chief Lt. Col. Kenneth N. Walker), put together an estimate for President Franklin D. Roosevelt of the numbers of aircraft and personnel needed to win a war against the Axis Powers, well beyond the scope requested of it by the War Plans Division of the General Staff.
Hansell’s responsibility in the plan, designated AWPD–1, was information on German targets. Arnold had given George nine days to write the plan, which would be "Annex 2, Air Requirements" to "The Victory Program," a plan of strategic estimates involving the entire U.S. military.
Beginning on August 4, 1941, they drew up the plan in accordance with strategic policies promulgated earlier that year, outlined in the ABC-1 agreement with the British Commonwealth, and Rainbow 5, the U.S. war plan. The group completed AWPD-1 in the allotted nine days and carefully rehearsed a presentation to the Army General Staff. Its forecast figures, despite planning errors from lack of accurate information about weather and the German economic commitment to the war, were within 2 percent of the units and 5.5 percent of the personnel ultimately mobilized, and it accurately predicted the time frame when the invasion of Europe by the Allies would take place.
Hansell’s contribution to the plan was based on a serious flaw, however. As had most observers, Hansell assumed that the Nazi economy was working at maximum capacity, when in fact it was still at 1938 levels of production, an error that led to an underestimation of the numbers of sorties, bomb tonnage, and time required for bombing to have a decisive effect. However, a more significant error in planning, the omission of long-range fighter escorts for the bombers, seriously impacted the strategic bombing campaign that later took place. Hansell deeply regretted the omission but noted that it reflected the best available information at the time on fighter aircraft capabilities, which was that any means then available to extend range would also seriously degrade a fighter's air combat performance. Hansell wrote, "Failure to see this issue through proved one of the Air Corps Tactical School's major shortcomings."
A lack of knowledge about the capability of radar to create an effective centralized early warning system also contributed to the over-reliance on the self-defense capabilities of bombers. However Hansell also argued that ignorance of radar was fortuitous in the long run. He surmised that had radar been a factor in making doctrine, many theorists would have reasoned that massed defenses would make all strategic air attacks too costly, inhibiting if not entirely suppressing the concepts that proved decisive in World War II and essential to the creation of the United States Air Force.
World War II service.
Planning duties.
Following the entry of the United States into World War II, Hansell received a rapid series of promotions, to lieutenant colonel on January 5, 1942, colonel on March 1, 1942, and brigadier general on August 10, 1942. In January 1942, he assisted George and Walker in presenting an organizational plan to the War Department for maintaining the Air Corps as part of the Army during World War II, while dividing the Army into three autonomous branches, a reorganization adopted on March 9, 1942, with the creation of the Army Air Forces, Army Ground Forces and Services of Supply. On March 10, 1942, Hansell was transferred from AWPD to the Strategy and Policy Group, Operations Division of the War Department General Staff and served on the eight-member Joint Strategy Committee as the USAAF representative.
Hansell, at the request of Major General Dwight D. Eisenhower, was assigned on July 12, 1942 as Officer in Charge, Air Section, ETOUSA headquarters, and simultaneously as deputy theater air officer for Major General Carl A. Spaatz, commander of the Eighth Air Force. His duties were to mold Eisenhower’s opinion on the use of airpower, guided by Spaatz, but there is little indication that he succeeded. He also flew combat in a B-17 to gain first-hand experience with daylight precision bombing, attacking the Longueau marshalling yard at Amiens, France, on August 20, 1942. During the mission he developed frostbite on his hands and spent several days recovering from the effects.
On August 26, 1942 he was recalled to USAAF Headquarters to head the planning team for AWPD–42, a revision of the air strategy plan in light of ongoing crises in the war, completing it in 11 days. Even though the Navy rejected the plan outright (because it did not participate in its writing) and the Joint Chiefs of Staff did not accept it, presidential advisor Harry Hopkins recommended to Roosevelt that he follow the precepts unofficially, which was done. Hansell then returned to England, where he was ironically tasked with diverting a large portion of the strategic bomber force to the Twelfth Air Force to support Operation Torch.
Combat wing commander in Europe.
On December 5, 1942 Hansell received his first combat command, the 3rd Bombardment Wing. Originally one of the three wings of General Headquarters Air Force, the 3rd was now part of the Eighth Air Force in England, planned as a Martin B-26 Marauder unit with the mission of supporting the Eighth's heavy bomber operations by bombing Luftwaffe fighter airfields. However the wing had no aircraft or units yet assigned, and on January 2, 1943, Hansell was shifted to command the 1st Bomb Wing, the B-17 component of VIII Bomber Command. Hansell flew his first mission with his new command the next day to bomb the submarine pens at Saint-Nazaire, France. He saw first hand the effectiveness of German interceptors, as both wingmen of Hansell's bomber were shot down. Later that month, on a January 13 mission to Lille, France, the pilot of the B-17 in which he flew was killed in action and the plane nearly shot down on.
Hansell commanded the 1st Wing during six critical months when the B-17 force, with only four inexperienced groups, struggled to prove itself. Among the combat doctrines that Hansell developed himself or approved were use of the defensive combat box formation, detailed mission Standard Operating Procedures, and all aircraft bombing in unison with the lead bomber, each designed to improve bombing accuracy.
Hansell recognized the most serious flaws in the daylight precision bombardment theory, that:
These factors later influenced his planning of similar daylight raids against Japan.
On March 23, 1943, he headed up a committee of USAAF and RAF commanders to draw up a plan for the Combined Bomber Offensive (CBO). Despite the fact that it altered the target system priorities outlined in AWPD-42, and changed the overall goal of the offensive from knocking Germany out of the war using airpower to one of preparing for the invasion of Europe, Hansell approved the designation of the German aircraft industry as its most important target and the destruction of the German "Luftwaffe" as its top priority. Hansell wrote the final draft of the CBO plan himself. Although Hansell did not personally participate in later strategic bombing operations against Germany, he had been instrumental in setting in motion the plans and policies that led to the near total destruction of German war industry.
He continued to fly combat missions at the same rate as his group commanders, with his final mission to Antwerp on May 4, 1943, the date that the Joint Chiefs approved the CBO plan. On June 15, 1943, noting signs of fatigue and stress, Eaker replaced Hansell in command of the 1st Wing with Brigadier General Frank A. Armstrong, and retained him as a staff officer, first as an air planner in the COSSAC (Chief of Staff Supreme Aliied Commander) headquarters until August 1, 1943, when Eisenhower named him deputy commander of the Allied Expeditionary Air Force. He conjointly was part of the Tactical Air Force Planning Committee, where he oversaw the planning for Operation Tidal Wave, the low-level bombing of oil refineries at Ploieşti, Romania, on August 1, 1943, and recommended approval of the Schweinfurt-Regensburg mission. While in Washington on this task, he was "captured" by Arnold and accompanied him to the Quadrant Conference in August, where he personally briefed President Roosevelt on strategic bombing to that point.
B-29 operations planning.
In October 1943, General Hansell was appointed chief of the Combined and Joint Staff Division, in the Office of the Assistant Chief of Air Staff for Plans, located at Headquarters USAAF. As such he became Air Planner on the Joint Planning Staff. He immediately had an impact on planning of strategic air attacks on Japan. The JPS draft outline denigrated strategic bombing and declared that an invasion of the home islands was the only means of defeating Japan, but Hansell successfully argued that an invasion should only be a contingency if bombing and a sea blockade of Japan failed to compel a surrender.
Hansell accompanied President Roosevelt and the Joint Chiefs aboard the to the Sextant Conference in November, then was appointed Deputy Chief of the Air Staff in December, working directly with Arnold. His main responsibility was developing the operational plans for the B-29 Superfortress, and he succeeded in gaining three key decisions from the JCS: there would be no diversion of B-29s to General Douglas MacArthur, the schedule for Operation Forager was moved forward more than a year to secure bases for the B-29 in the Mariana Islands, and Twentieth Air Force operations would be entirely independent of control by all three Pacific theater commanders (MacArthur, Chester W. Nimitz, and Joseph Stillwell), reporting directly to the JCS.
Hansell drew up the tactical doctrine, SOPs, and the table of organization and equipment of the Twentieth Air Force, which was to be commanded by Arnold personally, including use of AAF Air Staff as the staff of the Twentieth. In addition to his own Air Staff duties, Hansell became chief of staff of the Twentieth Air Force on April 6, 1944. When Arnold was incapacitated by a heart attack in May, Hansell acted as "de facto" commander of the Twentieth Air Force.
B-29 commander.
On August 28, 1944, Arnold made Hansell commander of the XXI Bomber Command, despite misgivings among several senior leaders that while a superb staff officer, he did not have the "temperament" to be a combat commander. Aware of Arnold’s legendary impatience, deputy AAF commander General Barney Giles, who was doubtful that Hansell could accomplish the task given him—setting up an effective air campaign in a brief period using an untried aircraft—obtained a commitment from Arnold that he would not relieve Hansell in only a few months. However Hansell’s tenure was threatened from the start because his replacement on the Air Staff, Major General Lauris Norstad, did not support the concept of daylight precision bombing, instead advocating massive destruction of Japanese cities by firebombing, a tactic that had been promoted in AAF planning circles as early as November 1943. Fire raids on Japan were rapidly gaining widespread acceptance among AAF leaders, including Arnold, both to defeat Japan before an invasion was mounted and to satisfy a perception that the American public wanted revenge for three bloody years of war. Hansell, however, opposed the tactic as both morally repugnant and militarily unnecessary.
XXI Bomber Command arrived on Saipan on October 12, 1944, and from the start Hansell was beset by a host of serious command problems, the worst of which were continued teething problems with the B-29, tardy delivery of aircraft, aircrews untrained in high altitude formation flying, primitive airfield conditions, lack of an air service command for logistical support, no repair depots, a total absence of target intelligence, stubborn internal resistance to daylight operations by his sole combat wing, subordinates in the XXI Bomber Command who lobbied for his removal, and Hansell’s inferiority in rank in dealing with other AAF commanders in the theater. Furthermore, Hansell was soon prohibited from flying combat missions with his command, possibly because of limited knowledge of the atomic bomb or the perception that he knew the existence of Ultra.
High altitude daylight B-29 raids against the Japanese aircraft industry began November 24, 1944 with operation "San Antonio I", despite misgivings about high losses by both combat crews and Arnold. They were hampered by bad weather and jet stream winds, and as a result, appeared unproductive. Pressured by Arnold (through Norstad as an intermediary) for results, Hansell subjected his command to intensive corrective measures that caused more resentment among his aircrews. At the same time commanders in China were strongly recommending removal of XX Bomber Command to another theater as soon as possible, making Major General Curtis E. LeMay, now superior to Hansell in rank, available for command.
On January 6, 1945, Norstad visited Hansell’s headquarters and abruptly relieved him of command, replacing him with LeMay. Hansell was offered the option of commanding XX Bomber Command while it transitioned to Guam, then becoming LeMay’s deputy. Although he and LeMay were friends, LeMay had been Hansell’s subordinate in England, and Hansell declined the offer. While all the command problems factored into his relief, the main reasons were Hansell’s persistence in daylight precision attacks, reluctance to night firebombing, Norstad's view that Hansell was an impediment to instituting incendiary attacks, and a perception by Arnold and Norstad that the public relations effort by XXI Bomber Command had been unsatisfactory in preparing the American public for such attacks.
Hansell left Guam on January 21, 1945. Unknown at the time, his precision daylight attacks had succeeded, first in Japan's immediate and inefficient dispersion of its aircraft engine industry, and later in terms of actual destruction caused by the final raid under his command. A more immediate legacy of his command was his creation, in conjunction with the U.S. Navy, of an effective air-sea rescue system that saved half of all B-29 crews downed at sea in 1945.
Impact on strategic doctrine.
Hansell outlined an alternate strategy for defeating Japan, using precision bombing as its basis, that he believed would have also succeeded by November 1945 while obviating the need for area bombing using incendiaries or the atomic bomb. He did not find fault with the incendiary strategy "per se", but rather with the premise that fire-bombing was necessary because otherwise Japan could not be defeated except by invasion of her home islands. Historian Michael Sherry concluded that the case he presented was "powerful". Arnold by implication had erred in changing AAF strategy, especially taking into account the "deep and pervasive revulsion among the American people against strategic bombing of all sorts" that was a consequence.
Historian and Hansell biographer Dr. Charles Griffith concluded that Hansell sacrificed his command of the B-29 force and his later career on principle, adhering to the idea that precision rather than area bombing was not only more moral, but more effective as a strategy. His dismissal, Griffith argues, was a pivotal event in U.S. airpower doctrine, as the Air Force moved toward a strategy of bombing civilian populations, which led to an increasing dependence on the more potentially devastating, inflexible, and "Douhetian" doctrine of nuclear warfare that lasted for decades.
Conrad Crane took a somewhat different stance, arguing that despite the firebombing campaign in Japan, American air commanders throughout World War II and thereafter placed an emphasis on precision bombing and avoiding civilian casualties. The use of precision guided weapons in the Gulf War and beyond, he wrote, demonstrated "continued adherence to precision-bombing doctrine and...significant progress toward the ideal...first envisioned" by Hansell and the other Air Corps Tactical School theorists.
Hansell lectured on the theory of precision air attack throughout his life, particularly at the United States Air Force Academy and the Air War College. He authored three books on air strategy: "The Air War Plan That Defeated Hitler" (1972), "The Strategic Air War Against Japan" (1980), and "Strategic Air War Against Germany and Japan: A Memoir" (1986). Hansell continued to study modern weapons systems, becoming an advocate of the Strategic Defense Initiative and the B-2 Spirit bomber. However his main focus was in promoting technical advances in precision guided weapons to make precision bombing more practical and therefore more desirable as a military strategy.
Retirement.
Following his removal from command on Guam, Hansell at his own request received a B-29 training assignment on February 15, 1945, command of the 38th Flying Training Wing at Williams Field, Arizona. In June 1945, he was transferred to Air Transport Command under his old mentor Lieutenant General Harold George, commanding the Caribbean Wing at West Palm Beach, Florida, from September 30, 1945 to January 14, 1946, and the North Atlantic Wing at Westover Field, Massachusetts, from July 1, 1946 to August 18, 1946.
Hansell took early retirement due to a loss-of-hearing disability, retiring with the rank of brigadier general on December 31, 1946. He held positions as vice president of Peruvian International Airlines until Peru nationalized the airline in 1949, and vice president of South Atlantic Gas Company from 1949 until his recall to the military.
He was recalled to active duty on July 15, 1951, by Air Force Chief of Staff Hoyt S. Vandenberg and assigned as Chief, Military Assistance Program Headquarters, USAF, acting as a senior program manager and advisor to the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff. On September 5, 1952, he was promoted to major general. In April 1953, Hansell was appointed the senior Air Force representative to the Weapons Systems Evaluation Group in the Research and Development Office of the Secretary of Defense, Washington, D.C. He retired a second time from the USAF in 1955.
Hansell worked for General Electric, becoming head of its subsidiary in the Netherlands until 1967, when he retired to Hilton Head, South Carolina. He died on November 14, 1988, in Hilton Head, of heart failure and pulmonary edema, as he was preparing to leave for a lecture in Canada. He was interred with full military honors at the United States Air Force Academy Cemetery.
External links.
Awards and decorations
SOURCE: USAF Historical Study 91, "Biographical Data on Air Force General Officers 1917-1952" (1953) Air Force Historical Research Agency
NOTES:

</doc>
<doc id="18443331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443331" title="William Curry (oceanographer)">
William Curry (oceanographer)

William Curry, Ph.D., Director, Ocean and Climate Change Institute at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute Geology and Geophysics Department. He holds a Bachelor of Science, University of Delaware, 1974, with specialization in Geology, and a Ph.D from Brown University, 1980, also with a specialization in Geology.
Dr. Curry studies the history of earth's climate and carbon cycle using geological records of ocean chemistry and physical properties. He is actively involved with sea going expeditions to collect deep sea sediments and uses the chemistry of fossils in the sediments to determine how climate has changed on decadal to millennial time scales. He has been a member of the Scientific Staff at WHOI since 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18443332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443332" title="Kamezaki Station">
Kamezaki Station

History.
Kamezaki Station was opened on March 1, 1886 as a passenger and freight station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). The JGR became the Japan National Railway (JNR) after World War II. Freight operations were discontinued from November 15, 1975 and small parcel operations from February 1, 1984. With the privatization and dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the Central Japan Railway Company. Automatic turnstiles were installed in May 1992, and the TOICA system of magnetic fare cards was implemented in November 2006. The station building, dating from 1886 and rebuilt after a fire in 1895, is one of the oldest in Japan.
Layout.
Kamezaki Station has a single island platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Central Japan Railway Company

</doc>
<doc id="18443341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443341" title="List of St Kilda Football Club coaches">
List of St Kilda Football Club coaches

The following is a list of coaches who have coached the St Kilda Football Club at a game of Australian rules football in the Australian Football League (AFL), formerly the VFL.
Key: 

</doc>
<doc id="18443342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443342" title="Okkawa Station">
Okkawa Station

History.
Okkawa Station was opened on December 7, 1933 as a passenger station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). Freight operations commenced from April 1, 1944. The JGR became the Japan National Railway (JNR) after World War II. Freight operations were discontinued from November 15, 1975 and small parcel operations from February 1, 1984. With the privatization and dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the Central Japan Railway Company. The station has been unattended since March 1989. The station building was rebuilt in March 2006. Automatic turnstiles were installed in May 1992, and the TOICA system of magnetic fare cards was implemented in November 2006.
Layout.
Okkawa Station has two opposed side platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Central Japan Railway Company

</doc>
<doc id="18443350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443350" title="Handa Station">
Handa Station

History.
Handa Station was opened on March 1, 1886 as a passenger and freight station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), but was relocated to its present location in 1896. In November 1910, an overpass connecting the platforms was completed. This is the oldest overpass in Japan. The station building was expanded and rebuilt in 1912. Freight operations commenced from April 1, 1903, and the station building was reconstructed at that time. The JGR became the Japan National Railway (JNR) after World War II. Freight operations were discontinued from November 15, 1975 and small parcel operations from February 1, 1984. With the privatization and dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the Central Japan Railway Company. Automatic turnstiles were installed in May 1992, and the TOICA system of magnetic fare cards was implemented in November 2006. The Taketoyo Line, on which this station is, will be electrified in 2015 and steps are being taken to construct the overhead lines such that the overpass can be preserved.
Layout.
Handa Station has a single island platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Central Japan Railway Company

</doc>
<doc id="18443359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443359" title="Taketoyo Station">
Taketoyo Station

History.
Taketoyo Station was opened on March 1, 1886 as a passenger and freight station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), but was relocated to its present location in June 1892. Freight operations were relocated to Taketoyo-Minato station from April 1, 1930, but that station was closed in August 1965. The JGR became the Japan National Railway (JNR) after World War II. Freight operations were discontinued from November 15, 1975 and small parcel operations from February 1, 1984. With the privatization and dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the Central Japan Railway Company. Automatic turnstiles were installed in May 1992, and the TOICA system of magnetic fare cards was implemented in November 2006.
Layout.
Taketoyo Station has a single side platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Central Japan Railway Company

</doc>
<doc id="18443367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443367" title="Andrés Gandarias">
Andrés Gandarias

Andres Gandarias (Ibarrurin, April 24, 1943) was a Spanish professional road bicycle racer. He finished in the top 10 of the Tour de France twice.

</doc>
<doc id="18443382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443382" title="Mike Buck (American football)">
Mike Buck (American football)

Michael Eric Buck (born on April 22, 1967 on Long Island, New York) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League.
Early years.
He attended high school at Sayville, New York, and played college football at the University of Maine.
Professional career.
Mike Buck was a 6th round selection (156th overall pick) in the 1990 NFL Draft by the New Orleans Saints. Buck made his NFL debut in 1991 playing for the New Orleans Saints. Buck would play for the Saints through the 1994 NFL season. Buck would later play for the Arizona Cardinals and Miami Dolphins of the NFL before making a comeback in 1 game in 2001 with the XFL's Las Vegas Outlaws.
Coaching career.
Mike Buck coached the Tallahassee Thunder and Norfolk Nighthawks of Af2, 2000-01.
Buck is currently a coach for Calhoun High School.

</doc>
<doc id="18443383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443383" title="AirRail Link">
AirRail Link

The AirRail Link is a people mover linking Birmingham Airport with Birmingham International railway station and the National Exhibition Centre (NEC), in the United Kingdom. The current system, originally known as SkyRail, replaced the earlier Birmingham Maglev system in 2003.
The Birmingham Maglev was opened in 1984 and was the first commercial Maglev transport system in the world. The system was fully automated and used an elevated concrete guideway, much of which has been reused for the current AirRail Link system.
The current system is a fully automated cable-hauled system that takes passengers from the high-level railway station concourse, over a dual carriageway and into the terminal buildings. It has a length of , is free to use, and handles three million passengers per year. During the day, the trains run every few minutes each way. At off-peak times, trains operate on demand, and to facilitate this, a button labelled "DEMAND" must be pressed by the prospective passenger.
Maglev.
Initial feasibility studies for a link from the airport to the railway station and exhibition centre were started in 1979 by the owners of the airport at that time, West Midlands County Council. The selected solution was based on experimental work commissioned by the British government at the British Rail Research Division laboratory at Derby.
Contracts were awarded in 1981 to a consortium involving GEC, Balfour Beatty, Brush Electrical Machines and Metropolitan Cammell under the name "People Mover Group", along with John Laing plc. The carriages were manufactured by MetroCammell at their Washwood Heath plant in Birmingham.The system was opened on 16 August 1984.
As built, the length of the track was , and trains "flew" at an altitude of . The line operated successfully for nearly eleven years, but obsolescence problems with the electronic systems, and a lack of spare parts, made it unreliable in its later years. The system closed in July 1995 when an investigation concluding the cost of reinstating and maintaining the Maglev to be too high. Initially the cars for the Maglev were stored by the airport owners, Birmingham International Airport Ltd., on the airport site.
After closure, the original guideway lay dormant and a temporary shuttle bus service was operated until development of a suitable replacement was found. The guideway was reused in 2003 when the replacement cable-hauled SkyRail people mover was opened.
One of the Maglev carriages, as well as a model of the system, can be found in the National Railway Museum in York. Another carriage was put up for sale in an auction on eBay in late 2010 after lying unused at the airport since the system's closure. Carriage No. 2 was sold for £25,100 with the proceeds going to two charities.
Replacement.
The replacement project was started on 30 March 2001 and completed on 7 March 2003 with the first day of public operation. The project contract cost £11 million.
The current AirRail Link is a cable-propelled shuttle system. It is built on top of the previous Maglev guideway, slightly shortened by an extension of the railway station concourse to accommodate a low-level bus station. It uses the Cable Liner technology from DCC Doppelmayr Cable Car (DCC), and has two independent rope-hauled parallel tracks and a two-car passenger unit operating on each track.
The Birmingham Airport Link was DCC's first airport system and replaced the temporary bus service that had been operating since 1995. The new system has motivated passengers travelling to the airport to leave their cars at home and use public transportation.
The 585 m-long (1,921 ft) AirRail Link takes travellers from the public transportation interchange to the airport check-in in 90 seconds. It is a dual track shuttle with two stations, that consists of two trains, each of two cars, operating independently at a speed of . The trains operate at a minimum headway of 120 seconds, consisting of a dwell time at each station of 30 seconds and a journey time of 90 seconds. The individual cars carry 27 passengers at per person, thus giving a capacity of 54 passengers per train.

</doc>
<doc id="18443391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443391" title="N40">
N40

N40 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18443405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443405" title="Dream Publisher">
Dream Publisher

History.
The very first publishing project of Sanje in 1997 was a book of poems by then forgotten, but now highly acclaimed Slovene artist Frane Milčinski-Ježek. Ever since then, high quality literature and music are main objective of its production. In the ten years of its existence, Dream Publisher has successfully accomplished many projects.
Sanje festival (Dream Festival).
Sanje festival is organized by the Association for the promotion of culture and organization of cultural events, SANJE FESTIVAL (short: SANJE FESTIVAL Association) in cooperation with Sanje Publishers, the programme staff and local cooperators - VsemuKos association from Novo mesto (Dream World in Svet Teahouse, Novo mesto), KŠK and Igrišče Association (Sanje Festival below Krvavec).
The festival is intended to enhance summer activity with quality programme comprising all fields of culture and science. It particularly focuses on authorial music, quality literature and entertaining-educative programmes for children, at the same time seeking to present superior artists, performers and projects from home and aborad to a wide audience.
The main venue of Sanje Festival remains the Zvezda Park in the centre of the capital where the festival has been set from its very beginning.In last three years a section of the festival is set below the spreading trees in Dvorje at Cerklje na Gorenjskem.

</doc>
<doc id="18443417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443417" title="Zhongshan Junior High School Station">
Zhongshan Junior High School Station

Zhongshan Junior High School Station is a station on the Wenshan Line of the Taipei Metro, located on the border between the Zhongshan and Songshan districts in Taipei, Taiwan.
Station overview.
The station is elevated and has two side platforms. It has four exits, and is connected to a nearby office building. Prior to the opening of the Neihu Line, it served as the northern terminal station for the Brown Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18443430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443430" title="Tokyo Stadium (1962)">
Tokyo Stadium (1962)


</doc>
<doc id="18443436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443436" title="Financial models with long-tailed distributions and volatility clustering">
Financial models with long-tailed distributions and volatility clustering

Financial models with long-tailed distributions and volatility clustering have been introduced to overcome problems with the realism of classical financial models. These classical models of financial time series typically assume homoskedasticity and normality cannot explain stylized phenomena such as skewness, heavy tails, and volatility clustering of the empirical asset returns in finance. In 1963, Benoit Mandelbrot first used the stable (or formula_1-stable) distribution to model the empirical distributions which have the skewness and heavy-tail property. Since formula_1-stable distributions have infinite formula_3-th moments for all formula_4, the tempered stable processes have been proposed for overcoming this limitation of the stable distribution. 
On the other hand, GARCH models have been developed to explain the volatility clustering. In the GARCH model, the innovation (or residual) distributions are assumed to be a standard normal distribution, despite the fact that this assumption is often rejected empirically. For this reason, GARCH models with non-normal innovation distribution have been developed.
Many financial models with stable and tempered stable distributions together with volatility clustering have been developed and applied to risk management, option pricing, and portfolio selection.
Infinitely divisible distributions.
A random variable formula_5 is called "infinitely divisible" if,
for each formula_6, there are independent and identically-distributed random variables
such that
where formula_9 denotes equality in distribution.
A Borel measure formula_10 on formula_11 is called a "Lévy measure" if formula_12 and 
If formula_5 is infinitely divisible, then the characteristic function
formula_15 is given by
where formula_17 and formula_18.
This distribution was first introduced by under
the name of "Truncated Lévy Flights" and has been called the "tempered stable" or the "KoBoL" distribution. In particular, if
formula_19, then this distribution is called the CGMY
distribution which has been used for
financial modeling. 
The characteristic function formula_20 for a tempered stable
distribution is given by
for some formula_22. Moreover, formula_20 can be extended to the
region formula_24. 
Rosiński generalized the CTS distribution under the name of the
"tempered stable distribution". The KR distribution, which is a subclass of the Rosiński's generalized tempered stable distributions, is used in finance.
An infinitely divisible distribution is called a "modified tempered stable (MTS) distribution" with parameter formula_25,
if its Lévy triplet formula_26 is given by
formula_27, formula_28 and
where formula_30 and 
Here formula_32 is the modified Bessel function of the second kind.
The MTS distribution is not included in the class of Rosiński's generalized tempered stable distributions.
Volatility clustering with stable and tempered stable innovation.
In order to describe the volatility clustering effect of the return process of an asset, the GARCH model can be used. In the GARCH model, innovation (formula_33) is assumed that formula_34, where
formula_35 and where
the series formula_36 are modeled by
and where formula_38 and formula_39.
However, the assumption of formula_35 is often rejected empirically. For that reason, new GARCH models with stable or tempered stable distributed innovation have been developed. GARCH models with formula_1-stable innovations have been introduced. Subsequently, GARCH Models with tempered stable innovations have been developed.

</doc>
<doc id="18443438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443438" title="Oscar in Paris">
Oscar in Paris

Oscar in Paris is a 1996 live album by Oscar Peterson released in 1997.
Track listing.
All tracks, unless otherwise noted, composed by Oscar Peterson.

</doc>
<doc id="18443441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443441" title="Beijing Antique Market">
Beijing Antique Market

Beijing Antique Market is Beijing’s biggest and best-known arts, crafts, and antiques market, the Chinese name is "Panjiayuan".
Name.
"Panjiayuan" (). Another English name is "Beijing Curio Market".
Location.
It is located in south east Beijing, near the Panjiayuan Bridge, East 3rd Ring Road South, Chaoyang District. It covers an area of 48,500 square meters, of which 26,000 square meters are for business.
There are over 4,000 shops in the market, with nearly 10,000 dealers.
Layout of the Market.
The market is divided into five parts:
1. Buddhism Statues Area. in the western part of the market, it is an open-air area where large stone sculptures are sold out of trucks.
2. Antique Furniture Area. Next to the Buddhism Statues Area, two-storied building that houses traditional furniture and Cultural Revolution articles.
3. "High-rank" Antique Store Area. 
4. Books and Scrolls Area. a narrow lane in the south where secondhand books and ancient scrolls are sold.
5. Middle Area. a semi-covered area that forms the main part of the market. This is open only at the weekends.
Middle Area has four zones:
Zone One. Chinese paintings, calligraphic works as well as beads and jade.
Zone Two. beads, bronze vessels, ceramic vases and small wooden furniture.
Zone Three. Chinese ethnic minority arts and crafts, trinkets, antiques and apparel. Many of these traders are from Tibet.
Zone Four. Chinese ceramics
On weekends the number of customers reaches 60,000~70,000 a day, including over 10,000 foreigners. Dozens of important foreign politicians, such as Hillary Clinton, Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives Dennis Hastert, Greek Prime Minister Costas Simitis, Romanian Prime Minister Nastase, Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga, and Thai Princess Sirindhorn have visited the market.
Products sold at the market include: snuff bottles made in Hengshui, Yangliuqing New Year paintings, embroidery made in Jiangsu, wood carvings from Dongyang, stone carvings from Quyang, shadow play paraphernalia from Shandong, porcelain and crystal ornaments from Jiangxi, boccaro wares from Yixing, bronze wares from Shaanxi, costumes from Yunnan, Tibetan Buddhist articles, white jade from Xinjiang, and Jiaozhi pottery from Taiwan. These folk handicrafts are gathered in the market before being distributed all over the world.
Not all the antiques are genuine so if you need certainty it is probably best to shop elsewhere.
History.
This spontaneous market came into being in 1992 as a roadside market. As trade in folk antiques and handiwork grew, it had become a large antique and handiwork market spreading folk culture in 2002. Many Chinese antique collectors believe that they started their career in Panjiayuan.
In 2004, at the prize-awarding ceremony of the first Annual Top Ten Lists of Collection in China, the market was elected one of the top ten antique markets in China.
Opening Hours.
8:30 - 18:30 from Monday to Friday
4:30 - 18:30 Saturday and Sunday

</doc>
<doc id="18443445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443445" title="Small Parts Isolated and Destroyed">
Small Parts Isolated and Destroyed

Small Parts Isolated and Destroyed is the third full-length album by the Canadian punk rock band NoMeansNo. It was later placed in the compilation album "The Day Everything Became Isolated and Destroyed" alongside the EP "The Day Everything Became Nothing", which had been released the same year.
Track listing.
Side one
Side two

</doc>
<doc id="18443447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443447" title="Arslaan">
Arslaan

Arslaan, is an Indian fantasy television series. It is the story of a young boy with supernatural powers, set 3000 years in the past. Neil Bhatt plays the lead role as Arslaan. It is a weekend show that aired on Sunday, 7 pm only on Sony Entertainment Television. The series went off-air on October 19, 2008. 
Plot.
Arslaan must defeat the evil Zakfaar. He goes on many adventures with his friends while Zakfaar follows him. The story ends when he takes a gem from Ibleez and uses it to defeat Zakfaar and after that he was known as the hero of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18443456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443456" title="Al-Jarushiya">
Al-Jarushiya

al-Jarushiya () is a Palestinian village in the Tulkarm Governorate in the western West Bank, located 6 kilometers North of Tulkarm. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, al Jarushiya had a population of approximately 907 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. 8.4% of the population of al-Jarushiya were refugees in 1997. The healthcare facilities for the surrounding villages are based in al-Jarushiya, the facilities are designated as MOH level 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18443457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443457" title="Facultad de Filosofía y Letras (UNAM)">
Facultad de Filosofía y Letras (UNAM)

The Facultad de Filosofía y Letras ("Faculty of Philosophy and Literature") or FFyL of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) administers both 11 humanism and science based majors; it has both undergraduate and graduate studies. 
It is one of the biggest and most renowned literature faculties in the Spanish-speaking world. It is the Alma Mater of Nobel Laureate Octavio Paz and a number of other important figures in Latin American literature.
History.
The direct ancestor of this Faculty is the High Studies National School, founded in 1910 by order of Justo Sierra as an attempt to establish a school where higher level specializations in every research field would be formed. The Faculty itself was created 14 years later hosting 4 majors, Sciences, Philosophy, Literature and Historic Sciences. It has since become one of the most dynamic schools in the UNAM, with the addition of new majors and removal of its science studies branch.
Organization & Departments.
The Faculty is run by the Faculty dean, currently PhD Gloria Villegas Moreno.
It is divided into 11 main divisions, each of one administers a major called colleges ():
Location and facilities.
The Faculty is located in Ciudad Universitaria in Mexico City, nearby the Faculty of Law and the Main Library. 
It is housed in one main complex. Additionally it conducts joint research with research centers such as the Instituto de Investigaciones Estéticas (IIE).
Graduate programs.
Graduate programs are offered in each of the divisions. It also offers programs with other faculties and institutes all over the country. 
Political Activism.
The Faculty (along with the Science Faculty) has a notorious image within UNAM for activism; during the 1999 strike, it kept the strike longer than any other Faculty. To this day, the Faculty's main performing arts space, the Justo Sierra Theatre, remains "occupied" by members of the group that led the strike, inhabiting the premises and refusing to relinquish their control to University authorities. That same group often will close the entire Faculty (effectively preventing the nearly 8,000 students from attending classes), regardless of the fact that most students are frequently quite vocal in their opposition to such measures.
Important characters.
Some of the most important literary figures who have graduated from this Faculty are:

</doc>
<doc id="18443509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443509" title="Gaston Moore">
Gaston Moore

Gaston Moore (born December 29, 1945) is a former political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. He represented Caraquet in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 2001 to 2003 as a Progressive Conservative member.
He was born in Moffet, Quebec, the son of Georges Moore and Eva Nadeau. A former police officer with the Service de police de la Ville de Montréal, Moore was also a fisherman for several years. He married Georgette Friolet with whom he has three daughters and three sons. Moore ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1999. He was elected in a 2001 by-election held after Bernard Thériault ran for a seat in the House of Commons. He was defeated by a narrow margin in the 2003 general election. Moore was mayor of Bas-Caraquet from 1995 to 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18443526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443526" title="Kurowski coat of arms">
Kurowski coat of arms

Kurowski - is a Polish Coat of Arms. It was used by several szlachta families in the times of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Notable bearers.
Notable bearers of this Coat of Arms include:

</doc>
<doc id="18443539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443539" title="La Couronne, Bouches-du-Rhône">
La Couronne, Bouches-du-Rhône

La Couronne is a village in the south of France on the Côte Bleue on the Mediterranean coast, notable for its ancient quarries and lighthouses.
Description.
La Couronne, formerly known as "Queyroun", is a village in the commune of Martigues in the Bouches-du-Rhône "département" in the south of France. It is situated on the Côte Bleue on the Mediterranean coast. Primarily a bathing resort, on the small coastal railway line connecting Martigues and Marseille, it is also known for the ancient quarries and lighthouses on nearby Cap Couronne.
Cap Couronne was well known to seafarers in antiquity as the most extreme promontory between the Bay of Marseille and the Bay of Fos-sur-Mer.
The first manned square lighthouse, 11.6 m high, was constructed in 1867 and dismantled in 1963, following the construction of an unmanned circular lighthouse, 33 m high, in 1959.
The stone quarries were already mentioned by the Greek historian Strabo; their remains can now be seen on the shoreline, due to rises in the sea level. Archaeological excavations of an Iron age village suggest that quarrying began in the sixth century BC. The molasse stone was used in Hellenistic Massalia for both the quays and the ramparts.

</doc>
<doc id="18443563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443563" title="C Barker">
C Barker

C. Barker (Australia) was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL).
Barker played for the Eastern Suburbs club in the years 1915-18. Barker was a member of the Eastern Suburbs side that won the City Cup in 1915, The Sydney Morning Herald sports writer, of that time, singled him out for special mention in his summation of the game.

</doc>
<doc id="18443564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443564" title="Kur, Tulkarm">
Kur, Tulkarm

Kur () is a Palestinian village in the Tulkarm Governorate in the eastern West Bank, located 19 kilometers South-east of Tulkarm. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, Kur had a population of approximately 325 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. 7.9% of the population of Kur were refugees in 1997. The healthcare facilities for Kur are based in Kafr 'Abbush, where the facilities are designated as MOH level 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18443599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443599" title="Alain Vasseur">
Alain Vasseur

Alain Vasseur (Cappelle-la-Grande, 1 April 1948) was a French professional road bicycle racer. Alain Vasseur is the younger brother of cyclist Sylvain Vasseur, and the father of cyclists Cédric Vasseur and Loïc Vasseur.

</doc>
<doc id="18443608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443608" title="Bob Linklater">
Bob Linklater

Bob Linklater (Australia) was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League(NWSWRL).
Linklater, a fullback, played with Eastern Suburbs in the 1915 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18443682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443682" title="Taxation in Sweden">
Taxation in Sweden

Taxation in Sweden on salaries for an employee involves contributing to three different levels of government: the municipality, the county council, and the central government. Social security contributions are paid to finance the social security system.
Income tax on salaries is deducted by the employer (a PAYE system) and paid by the employer to the Swedish Tax Agency ("Skatteverket"). 
The effective taxation in Sweden is commonly cited as among the highest in the world, see List of countries by tax rates.
Sweden has a taxation system for income from work that combines an income tax (paid by the employee) with social security contributions (employers contributions) that are paid by the employer. The total salary cost for the employer is thereby the gross salary plus the social security contributions. The employer makes monthly preliminary deductions (PAYE) for income tax and also pays the social security contributions to the Swedish Tax Agency. 
Only the income tax deducted is visible on the salary slip. The income tax is contingent on the person being taxable in Sweden, and the social security contributions are contingent on the person being part of the Swedish social insurance plan. The income tax is finalised through a yearly tax assessment the year following the income year.
Social security contributions.
The specifics of the social security contributions (employer's contributions) may be found at the Swedish Tax Agency's Website.
Example of salary taxation through PAYE.
Assumptions: Income tax (Direct - 100%), Employer social fee (indirect - 31.42%)
From a pay of "100," the Employee first pays "32" in Income tax (direct - 32%); on top of that, the Employer pays an additional "31.42" in Employer's social fees (indirect - 31.42%).
Thus, from a pay check of "100," 63.42/131.42 (i.e., 48.3%) is paid as taxes, although the employer's contribution is a fee for the employee's adherence to the Swedish social security scheme. The effective rate may be lowered by, for example, earned income tax credits and private retirement savings contributions.
Value added tax.
The value added tax ("mervärdesskatt" or "moms") rate in Sweden is 25%, with exceptions for food and services like hotel room rental fees (12%), and for sales of publications, admission tickets to cultural events and travel within Sweden (6%).
Income Tax.
Sweden has a progressive income tax, the rates for 2014 are as follows:
Registering a non-Swedish company or sole trader in Sweden.
A foreign company conducting business in Sweden, whether a natural or a legal person, may become taxable for VAT, employer´s contributions and/or income tax. The company should then apply for registration at the Swedish Tax Agency, and may apply for a Swedish F-tax certificate. 
In the ‘Tax application for foreign entrepreneurs´ brochure and form, SKV 419 and SKV 4632 respectively, there is information on how to submit the application. 
Sole traders who have a Swedish personal number, and corporations that have a representative who has a Swedish personal number and who is also authorised to sign (authorised to sign by himself) on behalf of the company, may submit the application electronically through the verksamt.se website. Verksamt.se is jointly managed by the Swedish Tax Agency (Skatteverket), the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) and the Swedish Agency for Economic and Regional Growth (Tillväxtverket). Other foreign companies may submit their application directly to the International Tax Offices at the Swedish Tax Agency by post. When registered with the Swedish Tax Agency, the foreign company receives a unique Swedish identity number. For natural persons to receive such a number they must verify their identity with a passport or another such identity card or documentation. For a legal person it is required that the identity is verified with some form of attested certificate of registration/incorporation and that the representative demonstrates his/her authority to represent (sign) on behalf of the legal person when it requests registration for taxation. Foreign legal persons active in Sweden should first contact the Swedish Companies Registration Office to ask if they are required to register a branch office. If such a registration is made with the Swedish Companies Registration Office, they will supplied with a Swedish registration number by the Swedish Tax Agency. For contact information, see the Swedish Companies Registrations Office website.
Further information in English can be found on the Swedish Tax Agency's website. 
Further reading.
Swedish Tax Agency 2011. Tax registration of foreign companies in Sweden, Swedish Tax Agency's website

</doc>
<doc id="18443698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443698" title="Charles Willie Mathews">
Charles Willie Mathews

Sir Charles Willie Mathews, 1st Baronet, familiarly known as Willie Mathews (16 October 1850 – 6 June 1920) was a British lawyer.
He was born Charles Willie West in New York City, the son of actress Elizabeth Jackson (stage name Lizzie Weston; d.1899) and her first husband William West. Lizzie Weston married, as her third husband, the actor Charles James Mathews in 1857, one day after divorcing her second husband, A. H. Davenport (1831-1873). Charles Willie assumed his stepfather's surname by deed poll.
He was educated at Eton College, and after spending three years in Europe he joined the chambers of Montagu Williams as a pupil aged about twenty-one. In 1886, Williams retired as junior counsel to HM Treasury. The post was split into two and Mathews was appointed to one of the vacant offices. Two years later he was promoted to Senior Treasury Counsel, and in the same year he married Lucy Sloper but they had no children.
Mathews appeared in several infamous cases, including "R. v. Dudley and Stephens", Oscar Wilde's suit for libel against John Douglas, 9th Marquess of Queensberry and Lord Colin Campbell's divorce proceedings. He prosecuted the Jameson Raiders, Arthur Alfred Lynch, and Louise Masset, who murdered her own son at Dalston Junction railway station. He successfully prosecuted Kitty Byron for the murder of her lover Arthur Reginald Baker in 1902. Mathews was famous for his courtroom flair and aggressive advocacy.
Mathews was very sociable; he was a member of the Turf, Garrick, and Beefsteak Clubs, and was a friend of King Edward VII and King George V. In the United Kingdom general election, 1892, he was the Liberal candidate for Winchester, but was not returned. The following year, he was appointed recorder of Salisbury. He was knighted in 1907, and was the first independent Director of Public Prosecutions from 1908 until his death, despite ill health. He was created a baronet in 1917.
He was buried in Putney Vale Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18443707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443707" title="G.W. Graham Middle-Secondary School">
G.W. Graham Middle-Secondary School

G.W Graham Middle-Secondary School, also referred to GWG, is a school for students in grades 7 to 12 in Chilliwack, British Columbia.
The principal is Mr. Todd Mclean

</doc>
<doc id="18443728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443728" title="Naka Station">
Naka Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443729" title="Primo Mori">
Primo Mori

Primo Mori (San Miniato, 7 April 1944) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18443730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443730" title="T O'Conner">
T O'Conner

T.O'Conner (Australia) was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League(NWSWRL).
O'Conner played with Eastern Suburbs club in the season 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="18443745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443745" title="Sohara Station (Gifu)">
Sohara Station (Gifu)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443746" title="Nanjing East Road Station">
Nanjing East Road Station

The Taipei Metro Nanjing East Road Station is a station on the Wenshan Line located on the border between Songshan and Zhongshan districts, Taipei, Taiwan. When the Songshan Line is completed in 2013, the station will be renamed to Nanjing Fuxing Station and become a transfer station connecting the two lines.
Station overview.
The station is located at the intersection of Fuxing North Rd. and Nanjing East Rd. It has two side platforms and a single exit.
Construction.
The Songshan Line station will be a three-level, underground station underneath Nanjing East Rd. Excavation depth will be 25 meters, while the station will be 240 meters long and 22 meters wide. Eight additional exits will be added.
Public art.
The Songshan Line station will have a theme of "Reflective Mosaic of Light". The focus will be on variations of light and shadow, and will turn the station into a miniature art museum with artworks in every corner.

</doc>
<doc id="18443751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443751" title="R Adams">
R Adams

R. Adams (Australia) was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL).
Adams played with Eastern Suburbs club in the 1917 and 1919 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="18443761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443761" title="Donatus of Zadar">
Donatus of Zadar

Saint Donatus (second half of 8th century Zadar – first half of 9th century) was an Irishman who became a Dalmatian bishop and a diplomat for the city of Zadar. His feast day is celebrated on February 25.
Donatus is mentioned in Frankish annals from 805 as an ambassador of the Dalmatian cities to Charlemagne in Thionville. Donatus began construction of a cathedral at Zadar to be called The Church of the Holy Trinity. The cathedral was finished in the beginning of the 9th century and in the 15th century. Its name was changed to the Church of St. Donatus.
Donatus's Church.
The church is the largest Pre-Romanesque building in Croatia, and was built upon the ruin of the old Roman forum, part of the forum's foundations can be seen today. 
The marble sarcophagus in the cathedral preserves the relics of the Sirmian martyr St. Anastasia with an inscription dating from Donatus' time. According to tradition, St. Donatus brought the relics to Zadar from Constantinople, when he was there with the Venetian duke Beato. They had been ordered by Charlemagne to negotiate the border between the Byzantine Empire and the Croatian territories that were under the dominion of Charlemagne's Frankish Empire.
Donatus died around 811, and was buried in his Church of the Holy Trinity (today the Church of St. Donatus). After 1809, following the French occupation of Zadar, his bones were transferred to the Cathedral of St. Anastasia where they lie to this date, and mass has not been celebrated at the church for around two centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="18443764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443764" title="Kagamigahara Station">
Kagamigahara Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443769" title="Edward A. Shanken">
Edward A. Shanken

Edward A. Shanken (born 1964) is an American art historian, whose work focuses on the entwinement of art, science and technology, with a focus on experimental new media art and visual culture. His scholarship has appeared in numerous journals and anthologies and has been translated into six languages.
Background.
Edward A. Shanken graduated from Haverford College (1986) and then obtained an MA (1999) and Ph.D. (2001) in Art History from Duke University after receiving an MBA from Yale University in 1990. He was the Executive Director of the Information Science Information Studies program (ISIS) at Duke University from 2001 to 2004. From 2004 to 2007 Shanken was Professor of Art History and Media Theory at Savannah College of Art and Design and Senior Researcher at the UCLA Art | Science Center and Visiting Scholar at the California NanoSystems Institute from 2007 to 2008. He joined the Department of Media Studies, University of Amsterdam in 2008, where he served as Universitair Docent, New Media and Digital Culture, 2008-2010 and as a Researcher, 2010-2012. In 2010, he was the inaugural Louis D. Beaumont Scholar at Washington University in St. Louis. Since 2007 he has served on the faculty of the Media Art Histories MA program at Donau University, Krems, Austria. In 2013 he joined the faculty at the Center for Digital Arts and Experimental Media (DXARTS) at University of Washington.
Shanken has been awarded fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts and the American Council of Learned Societies. He was formerly chair of the Leonardo Education Forum and a member of the College Art Association Education Committee and has served as an advisor to the Media Art Histories conference, ISEA, the journal Technoetic Arts, and the Leonardo Pioneers and Pathbreakers project. He has conducted extensive research on the theorist and art critic Jack Burnham and into cybernetics as applied to systems art in the 1960s.
Research Activity.
Recent and forthcoming publications include essays on art and technology in the 1960s, interactivity and agency, the historiography of art and technology, parallels between conceptual art and art and technology, and the cultural implications of cybernetics, telematics, robotics, and biotechnology. Shanken’s current research examines art-science collaboration and the relationship between the discourses of mainstream contemporary art and new media art. Following the first concern, he chaired the panel discussion,"Artists in Industry and the Academy: Interdisciplinary Research Collaborations" at the 2004 Annual Conference of the College Art Association and served as guest editor of a special series of essays under the same title in the Leonardo Journal (38:4 and 38:5) in 2005. More recently he guest-edited a special series of essays, “The Reception and Rejection of Art and Technology: Exclusions and Revulsions,” which appeared in the journals "a minima" (Mar 2008) and "Leonardo" 42: 2 (Apr 2008). Following the second concern, he organized and chaired a panel discussion with Nicolas Bourriaud, Peter Weibel and Michael Joaquin Grey at Art Basel in June 2010 (see external link below) and organized and chaired a panel discussion at the College Art Association Annual Conference (CAA) in 2011, the papers of which were published in a special issue of ArtNodes (see links below). A further research area is the use of social media to expand and democratize the production and dissemination of art criticism. This is exemplified by the Art and Electronic Media Online Companion, a Web 2.0 site that allows users to generate their own content for publication (see link below).
Shanken is the author of "Art and Electronic Media" (Phaidon Press, 2009) and is the editor of "Telematic Embrace: Visionary Theories of Art, Technology and Consciousness", the collected writings of Roy Ascott (University of California Press, 2003). His essay, "Art in the Information Age: Technology and Conceptual Art" received honorable mention in the Leonardo Award for Excellence in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18443771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443771" title="Factories Act 1961">
Factories Act 1961

The Factories Act 1961 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. At the time of its passage, the Act consolidated much legislation on workplace health, safety and welfare in Great Britain. Though some of it remains in force, it has largely been superseded by the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 and regulations made under it.
However, the Act continues to have a legal importance as cases of chronic workplace exposure to hazards such as industrial noise, as in the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire deafness litigation, or carcinogens often extend back in time beyond the current legislation.
Breach of the residual provisions is still a crime punishable on summary conviction in the Magistrates' Court by a fine of up to £40000000 or, on indictment in the Crown Court, imprisonment for up to two years and an unlimited fine. 
In the event of damage arising from a breach of the Act, there may be civil liability for breach of statutory duty. Though no such liability is stipulated by the Act itself, none is excluded and the facts could be such as to give rise to a cause of action in that tort. A breach not actionable in itself may be evidential towards a claim for common law negligence. In particular, a criminal conviction may be given in evidence.
Background.
The Act was the final consolidation of a line of legislation under Factory Acts that began in 1802. In particular, it consolidated the 1937 and 1959 Acts. The Acts were widely regarded as ineffective in practice. Section 14 of the 1961 Act required the guarding of all dangerous parts of machinery but a sequence of judicial decisions under the earlier Acts had restricted the scope of what was "dangerous" only to include hazards that were reasonable foreseeable.
Definition of "factory".
Section 175 of the Act defines "factory" as premises in which persons are employed in manual labour in any process for or incidental to:
The Act also defines certain other specific premises as "factories" such as laundries and printing works (s. 175(2)).
Health (general provisions).
Sections 1 to 7 define general broad requirements for healthy factory working conditions:
These provisions were repealed and superseded, as far as they applied to "workplaces", by the Workplace (Health, Safety and Welfare) Regulations 1992 with effect from 1 January 1993 for new workplaces and 1 January 1996 for established workplaces. There is still a potential residual scope of application to "factories" that are not "workplaces" as the definition of "workplace" is in some ways limited.
Section 10A was added by the Employment Medical Advisory Service Act 1972 and gives powers to the Employment Medical Advisory Service to order medical examination and supervision of employees.
Section 11 gave the Minister of State, as of 2008 the minister at the Department for Work and Pensions, the power to order medical supervision though these powers have been largely superseded by powers granted to the Health and Safety Executive and other powers of the Minister to make orders by statutory instrument.
Safety (general provisions).
Sections 12 to 39 defined specific requirements for machinery safety but many have been repealed and superseded. As of 2008, the following sections remain fully in force:
The following sections were repealed and superseded, as far as they applied to "workplaces", by the Workplace (Health, Safety and Welfare) Regulations 1992 with effect from 1 January 1993 for new workplaces and 1 January 1996 for established workplaces. There is still a potential residual scope of application to "factories" that are not "workplaces".
The following sections were repealed and superseded by the Provision and Use of Work Equipment Regulations 1992 between 1 January 1993 and 1 January 1997:
The following sections were repealed and superseded by the Health and Safety (Young Persons) Regulations 1997 on 3 March 1997:
The following sections were repealed and superseded by the Lifting Operations and Lifting Equipment Regulations 1998 on 5 December 1998:
The following section was revoked and superseded by Schedule 7 of the Dangerous Substances and Explosive Atmospheres Regulations 2002 on 9 December 2002.
The following sections were repealed in part and superseded by the Pressure Systems and Transportable Gas Containers Regulations 1989 on 1 July 1994:
The following sections were repealed and superseded by the Pressure Systems Safety Regulations 2000 on 21 February 2000:
Sections 40 to 52 applied to fire safety and were repealed in 1976 when the Fire Precautions Act 1971 was extended to require fire certificates for a wide class of works premises.
Welfare (general provisions).
Sections 57 to 60 define general broad requirements for factory welfare:
These provisions were repealed and superseded, as far as they applied to "workplaces", by the Workplace (Health, Safety and Welfare) Regulations 1992 with effect from 1 January 1993 for new workplaces and 1 January 1996 for established workplaces. There is still a potential residual scope of application to "factories" that are not "workplaces".
Section 61, first aid, has been repealed, as has section 62, power of minister to make regulations.
Health, safety and welfare (special provisions and regulations).
Sections 63 to 79 defined many specific regulations such as forbidding eating in places where lead or arsenic was processed (s. 64), and forbidding women and young people from working at foundries with lead or zinc, or "mixing or pasting in connection with the manufacture or repair of electric accumulators" (s. 74). As of 2008, these have all been repealed and superseded by subsequent regulations save for section 69 where there is a residual power for an inspector from the Health and Safety Executive to restrict working in underground rooms in "factories" that are not "workplaces".
Notification and investigation of accidents and industrial diseases.
Sections 80 to 85 specified reauirements for the statutory reporting of deaths, injuries and diseases that took place at work. As of 2008, these sections have all been repealed and superseded, especially by the Reporting of Injuries, Diseases and Dangerous Occurrences Regulations 1995.
Employment of women and young persons.
Sections 86 to 116 restricted the working hours of women and young people in factories. Some exceptions were allowed such as for women in management positions (s. 95). All these sections have been repealed, either by:
Enforcement.
Enforcement originally lay with District Councils (ss. 8–10, 53–56) but, as of 1974, general responsibility falls to the Health and Safety Executive though they are often able to delegate this to local authorities.
Factories Act (Northern Ireland) 1965.
The Factories Act 1961 did not extend to Northern Ireland, but the Parliament of Northern Ireland enacted similar provisions in its Factories Act (Northern Ireland) 1965, which consolidated earlier Acts there. As with the British Act, as of 2008 most of the provisions have been repealed and superseded by more modern legislation under the Health and Safety at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978, such as the Workplace (Health, Safety and Welfare) Regulations (Northern Ireland) 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18443777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443777" title="Unuma Station">
Unuma Station

Lines.
This station and Meitetsu Shin-Unuma Station are connected with a passageway.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443778" title="Avenue U">
Avenue U

Avenue U is a street located in Brooklyn, New York City, United States. This avenue is a main thoroughfare throughout its length. Avenue U begins at Stillwell Avenue in Gravesend and ends at Bergen Avenue in Bergen Beach, while serving the other Brooklyn neighborhoods of Homecrest, Sheepshead Bay, Marine Park, and Mill Basin along its route.
Chinatown (唐人街, U大道).
Avenue U in Homecrest now supports southern Brooklyn's second Chinatown (唐人街, U大道), as evidenced by the rapidly growing number of Chinese food markets, bakeries, restaurants, beauty and nail salons, and computer and consumer electronics dealers between Coney Island Avenue and Ocean Avenue. The connects with Canal Street in the Manhattan Chinatown (紐約華埠) to Brooklyn's Avenue U Chinatown directly. A third Chinatown has subsequently emerged in southern Brooklyn, in Bensonhurst (唐人街, 本森社区).
This Chinatown on Avenue U is actually a second extension of Manhattan's Chinatown, after the original Brooklyn Chinatown (布鲁克林華埠), which had developed in Sunset Park. Within a sixteen year period, the Chinese population multiplied by an estimated fourteen fold. The increasing property values and congestion in Brooklyn's first established Chinatown on 8th Avenue in Sunset Park led to the still increasing Chinese population in Brooklyn pouring into the Sheepshead Bay and Homecrest sections, which in the late 1990s resulted in the establishment of a second Chinatown on Avenue U between the Homecrest and Sheepshead Bay sections. 
The Avenue U Chinatown is now in expansion mode, despite originating initially from less than ten blocks, originally resembling Manhattan's Chinatown in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, when that Chinatown was still in the early stages of its development, and concentrated within a ten-block section of Mott, Doyers, and Pell Streets. 
The Chinese residents call Avenue U in Chinese translation U大道 and call Sheepshead Bay 羊头湾. Just outside this Chinese enclave, also on Avenue U, there is a Chinese supermarket named New York Mart. The East West Bank currently serves as the largest Chinese financial institution for the Avenue U Chinatown.
Transportation.
There are three New York City Subway stations in Brooklyn named Avenue U:
The B3 bus operates on Avenue U for its entire length, except from 86th street to Stillwell Avenue, and from East 71st Street to Bergen Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="18443784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443784" title="Daan Station">
Daan Station

The Taipei Metro Da'an Station (or Da-an Station) is a station on the Wenshan Line and the Xinyi Line located in Da'an District, Taipei, Taiwan. 
Station overview.
This elevated Wenshan Line station has two side platforms and two exits. It is located at the intersection of Fuxing South Rd. and Xinyi Rd. Three more exits are under construction in preparation for the opening of the Xinyi Line.
The Xinyi Line station is a two-level, underground station with an island platform.
Construction.
The Xinyi Line station will be long and wide. Excavation depth will be at . It will also have a pocket track, four entrances, two accessibility elevators, and three vent shafts. One of the entrances and one of the vent shafts will be integrated into a new joint development building. Another entrance and vent shaft will be integrated into the existing joint development building on the Wenshan Line.
Public Art.
The Xinyi Line station will have a theme of "The meeting of light and shadow - a dialogue between ground level and underground". A combination of a horizontal passage which will link the space and special illumination and lighting design on the escalators will strengthen the directionality of the passage space.

</doc>
<doc id="18443788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443788" title="Sakahogi Station">
Sakahogi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443790" title="Harry Doyle">
Harry Doyle

Harry Doyle (born February 23, 1941) is an educator and former political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. He represented Albert in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1995 to 1999 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Saint John, New Brunswick, the son of Cecil L. Doyle and Margaret J. Hatfield. He studied at Teacher's College and the University of Moncton. Doyle was a teacher and high school administrator. In 1966, he married Sandra Dobson. He was Minister of State for Youth and Literacy from 1998 to 1999. Doyle was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18443796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443796" title="Dovrat">
Dovrat

Dovrat () is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located near Afula, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 282.
The kibbutz was established on 30 October 1946 by the "Zara'im" kvutza, which was largely composed of immigrants from Austria and Germany who had arrived before the start of World War II. The group had congregated in Ein Harod in 1942 in order to prepare for establishing a new village. The new kibbutz was named after the Levite city which was located in the area belonging to the Tribe of Issachar (Joshua 21:28).
In 1947 some land nearby was purchased by the Jewish National Fund. During the 1948 Arab-Israeli War the kibbutz was moved to the new site, initially known as Dovrat Illit (Upper Dovrat).

</doc>
<doc id="18443797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443797" title="Kobi Station">
Kobi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443798" title="W Tijou">
W Tijou

W. Tijou (Australia) was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League(NSWRL).
Tijou, a forward, played with Eastern Suburbs in the (1917–20) seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="18443804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443804" title="An-Nazla al-Gharbiya">
An-Nazla al-Gharbiya

An-Nazla al-Gharbiya () is a Palestinian village in the Tulkarm Governorate in the eastern West Bank, located 16 kilometers North of Tulkarm. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, an-Nazla al-Gharbiya had a population of approximately 885 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. 6.1% of the population of an-Nazla al-Gharbiya were refugees in 1997. The healthcare facilities for the surrounding villages are based in Baqa ash-Sharqiyya, where the facilities are designated as MOH level 3.

</doc>
<doc id="18443811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443811" title="Nakakawabe Station">
Nakakawabe Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443816" title="H Keane">
H Keane

H. Keane (Australia) was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League(NWSWRL).
Keane played with Eastern Suburbs in the 1918 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18443826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443826" title="Network Neram">
Network Neram

Network Neram is a program among the AIR FM Rainbow group and has been broadcast all over the Tamil Nadu state. Chennai Rainbow FM (101.4 MHz) broadcasts this program and Trichy Rainbow FM, Coimbatore Rainbow FM, Madurai AIR, Uthagamandalam (Ooty) AIR, Thirunelveli (Nellai) AIR are relaying this program between 5:00 pm and 6:00 pm. Anwar, Nelson, Sabari, Selva, Saravanan, Murali, Karthik, Ruban, Saranya, Jayashri, Vasagamani, Gayathri and Thirunavukkarasu Kumaran are the RJs hosting network Neram program. Though Tamil Nadu got so many private fm channels, network Neram is the top performing program. This network Neram got started on 15th of July 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18443829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443829" title="International Forum on Quality and Safety in Health Care">
International Forum on Quality and Safety in Health Care

The International Forum on Quality and Safety in Health Care is a conference that aims to support and energise the movement for health and healthcare improvement.
The International Forum is jointly organised by BMJ Group and Institute for Healthcare Improvement (IHI). The ambition of both organisations is to improve health care and outcomes for patients and communities. The forum is sustained by an international network of quality improvement organisations and leaders.
The next International Forum will take place from 17–20 March 2009 at the ICC Berlin in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18443846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443846" title="F Moran">
F Moran

F. Moran (Australia) was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League(NSWRL).
Moran played with Eastern Suburbs in the 1918 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18443850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443850" title="Anurak Srikerd">
Anurak Srikerd

Anurak Srikerd (), or the nickname "Jun" is a Thai footballer. He primary plays as a Midfielder even though he can play as a Striker too. Currently, He played for TOT FC in the Thailand Premier League. Besides, He is a former Midfielder of Thailand national team and scored 6 goals for the national team. He played in 10 qualifying matches for the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Club career.
In Thailand, he mainly played for two clubs. TOT S.C. and BEC Tero Sasana F.C.. With BEC-Tero he won his biggest title at club level. He was twice champion and twice runner-up. Player of the Year in 2001, he contributed significantly to winning the championship. In 2002 he moved to the Woodlands Wellington FC to Singapore in the S-League. A serious knee injury made him difficult to create and he brought it to only 11 appearances and four goals this season. He then went to play back to Thailand again for BEC Tero. Having had played from 2004 to 2005 for the TOT S.C., he signed a contract again in the S-League. This time at Home United, where already played two other compatriots with Sutee Suksomkit and Zdravko Marinkovic. With Home United FC winning the Singapore Cup in 2005. He stayed only one season at Home United FC and then went back to Thailand. Since 2006, he plays for TOT S.C. again.
International career.
His national team career began in in 1999. With the U23, hey Took part and won the Southeast Asian Games gold. In the same tournament he Scored his first goal for the national team in the dress. At 9-0 victory over the Philippines he Scored six minutes after the 1-0. In 2000, he Participated with the national team at the Asian Cup and won with the team the King's Cup. In the final against Finland Anurak Scored three goals. The game ended 5-1

</doc>
<doc id="18443854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443854" title="Yakushiji Ryōko no Kaiki Jikenbo">
Yakushiji Ryōko no Kaiki Jikenbo

The series centers around Ryōko Yakushiji, an elite police officer with the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department who had graduated from Tokyo University under its Law Faculty. She is involved with her subordinate Junichirō Izumida as they investigate cases that pertain to the paranormal and supernatural when and if they cannot be investigated with modern science.
As the light novels, manga and the anime have different plots and paranormal events/creatures, their central plots are most of the time different from each other.
Plot.
Ryōko Yakushiji, a Superintendent in the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department and a graduate of Tokyo University's Law Faculty and a multilingual person, works with Junichirō Izumida to investigate seemingly paranormal, supernatural or bizarre events that get involved in criminal cases. Ryōko works with her colleagues and subordinates, including her rival Yukiko Muromachi, alongside JACES security forces personnel and her personal maids Lucienne and Marianne to resolve the cases before they go out of hand.
Organizations.
JACES.
Owned by the Yakushiji family, it's a security company that ex-police officers both enlisted and high-ranking are employed into after their retirement. JACES is well known as one of Asia's best security companies, with its main headquarters located in Akasaka. The company's official slogan is "Safety". Its personnel use gray for their uniform color.
In combat operations, they use PASGT ballistic helmets, gray BDUs, tactical vests and light to medium body armor. JACES personnel are armed with expandable baton sticks when they encounter unarmed people.
Its origins are traced back to the end of World War II when the Japanese Empire Security Service was established before it became JACES, which was supposed to be used for the basis of a restructured Japanese military before Ruriko went to create the JPP instead.
Japan Private Police.
Known as the , it was founded by ex-Diet member Ryojin Tadomura and heavily funded by the Government of Japan to counter the influence of JACES in the domestic and international security market. They are known to be hired in war-torn countries after military forces are pulled back, conducting police duties in their place. JPP personnel are also hired as private security guards. JPP uses green as its color as evident in their uniforms. Unlike JACES, where most of its manpower comes from ex-law enforcement personnel, JPP recruits its personnel mostly from ex-SDF personnel.
During combat operations, JPP personnel are identified with green heavy body armor, anti-riot helmets and are armed with mostly Howa Type 89 assault rifles, Heckler & Koch MP5 and Minebea PM-9 submachine guns with expandable baton sticks. In normal operations, JPP personnel operate as private guards and sometimes, deploy robot droids to help them conduct searches and patrols with/for them.
The JPP are not mentioned in the light novel/manga adaptation.
Shiba.
Located in the Greater Tokyo Area, is said to house several departments of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department that operate under secret circumstances for covert missions.
It takes its name from the Shiba district of Tokyo's Minato ward.
Characters.
Rogues.
The following are rogues monsters/creatures that have appeared in the anime:
Media.
Light Novel.
The light novel series had first started in 1996 with 8 volumes in circulation. Kodansha has the publication rights on the series and published all bunko editions, but other publishers also published some volumes borrowing the rights by Kodansha.
Bibliography.
The following have been published as part of the light novels written by Dr. Yoshiki Tanaka:
Drama CD.
Two drama CDs were put on the market by Avex in 1999 (Tokyo Nightmare) and 2001 (Matenrō). The cast was different from the later anime version.
Manga.
The manga first started on July 23, 2004 under Kodansha's seinen manga magazine Magazine Z. It had been printed with 11 volumes released. Following the dissolution of Magazine Z, the serialization of "Yakushiji Ryōko no Kaiki Jikenbo" was continued by Afternoon. It is serialized in Japan under Kodansha. In Taiwan, it is published by Sharp Point Press as 藥師寺涼子怪奇事件簿.
Three spin-off manga were also created by Yoshiki Tanaka and Narumi Kakinouchi. The first was , published in one volume on June 17, 2008 by Kodansha for 600 yen with another volume released on May 23, 2011 with the final volume released on November 22, 2011. Two volumes of soon followed, published on September 23, 2009 and January 22, 2010 for 590 yen. Another spin-off was called with volumes released on June 23, 2010 and November 22, 2011 for 590 yen.
Artbook.
An artbook released with drawings related to the manga series called was released by Kodansha on August 28, 2006 for 2,100 yen.
Anime.
An anime version of Yakushiji Ryōko no Kaiki Jikenbo had aired on July 5, 2008 with 13 episodes broadcast, with animation done by Dogakobo Studios. A DVD version is scheduled for release on September 26, 2008 with 3 episodes each. Other releases include October 22, December 25 of 2008 and January 21, 2009.
The series had been previously broadcast at the BS11 Digital, Chiba TV, KBS Kyoto, Sun TV, Tokyo MX TV, TV Aichi, Television Saitama and TVK television stations.
The opening theme is "Thème principal" by KATSU (angela). The ending themes are various through series: "À demain sur la lune" (#1,3), "Ryoko 2" (#2,6), "Songe d'une nuit d'été" (#4,7,9,10,12), "La Vie en rose" (#5), "Le combat" (#8,11) by KATSU (angela), and "Thème principal La chanson d'atsuko" by atskuko (voice) and KATSU (music).
Streaming.
Yakushiji Ryōko no Kaiki Jikenbo is also available via broadband access streaming. However, it is only accessible if the user is based from Japan.
OST.
A BGM OST, Volume 1 with music from the show was released on June 4, 2008 with 8 tracks. The second volume had been released on August 6, 2008 with 17 tracks with a third OST on September 10, 2008 with 13 tracks. All three OSTs have the title "Le recueil des faits improbables de Ryōko Yakushiji", which is the show's title in French, and the most of composition are also named in French.
Development.
Announcements regarding the animation of Yakushiji Ryōko no Kaiki Jikenbo came in 2007 regarding its adaptation for television for 2008.
Promotion.
To promote the show, the cast and Yoshiki Tanaka went on a tour in Tokyo, Nagoya and Osaka with them telling about their experiences and their thoughts on the show. 
Events was held on July 26, 2008 in Nagoya, July 27, 2008 and August 3, 2008 in Tokyo to promote the show, starring the main cast including Hitomi Nabatama and Hidenobu Kiuchi with Yoshiki Tanaka. They held screenings of Yakushiji Ryōko no Kaiki Jikenbo for those who won passes by submitting their postcards with draws held on July 4, 2008.
Reception.
Dengeki Online places Yakushiji Ryōko no Kaiki Jikenbo on 7th place out of 10 news weekly events for June 1, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18443855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443855" title="Shimoasō Station">
Shimoasō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443867" title="Stephen King's F13">
Stephen King's F13

"Stephen King's F13" is a collection of casual games developed by Presto Studios and released in 2000 by Blue Byte Software. The title "F13" is a reference to the non-existent function key on standard PC keyboards. (Although an F13 key exists on Macintosh keyboards in the form of a screen capture button.)
Overview.
The minigames include "No Swimming", "Bug Splat", and "Whack-A-Zombie". The "Frightware" bundle also includes a set of "Screamsavers", "Bump and Thump" sound effects, "Deathtop" backgrounds, and Stephen King's short novella "Everything's Eventual".

</doc>
<doc id="18443869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443869" title="Lu Guanqiu">
Lu Guanqiu

Lu Guanqiu (; born January 1945) is a Chinese entrepreneur. He is reportedly the richest person in Zhejiang Province.
Biography.
Lu was born in January 1945 in Yuhang, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, into a peasant family. When he was 15 years old, he dropped out of school and became an ironsmith. In July 1969, he co-founded a factory with six other peasants, producing small agricultural machines. Lu later developed his factory into the present Wanxiang Group. It eventually became a large manufacturing conglomerate and a leading producer of automobile facilities and components.
Lu is currently the President of the Board of the Wanxiang Group. His headquarters are in Xiaoshan District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province. Lu is also a part-time professor for the EMBA program at Zhejiang University. He also was awarded an honorary doctorate from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University.
According to the Forbes Mainland China Rich List (福佈斯中國富豪榜), Lu was ranked No. 33 with 13.13 billion Chinese Yuan (approximately US$ 1.87 billion). Lu is currently the richest individual living in Zhejiang Province.

</doc>
<doc id="18443871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443871" title="Kamiasō Station">
Kamiasō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443876" title="Moturu">
Moturu

Moturu is Kapu dominated village, located near Gudivada in Krishna District. It is also called "Chinna Badrachalam" because of the famous "Lord Rama" temple located in the area. This village have the great history.
Early 70's only they have Govt. Hospital, Secondary and Primary High School, Veternity Hospital, Society, Library and Major Panchayat which reflects more than 25 villages surrounding. This credit goes to Late Ghanta Krishna Murthy Ex. MLC (Mudinepalli Constituency).
The village was served by many "Karanam" family out of which Sri Late Turlapati
Narasimha Rayudu was famous person, he served village as younger karanam but with
dedication. Even today people recognize his "Turlapati" family.
Now the population has grown nearly 10000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="18443880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443880" title="University of the Philippines Los Baños College of Engineering and Agro-Industrial Technology">
University of the Philippines Los Baños College of Engineering and Agro-Industrial Technology

The UP College of Engineering and Agro-Industrial Technology (CEAT) is one of the eleven degree-granting units of the University of the Philippines at Los Baños. It began as the Department of Agricultural Engineering under the College of Agriculture in 1912. It was then elevated into the Institute of Agricultural Engineering and Technology in 1976 and eventually became a full-fledged college in 1983.
The College is recognized as one of the best-performing engineering schools in the country in terms of passing rates in board exams.
Research.
Aside from teaching, CEAT also pursues research in collaboration with government and non-government organizations, the private sector, and international organizations. CEAT likewise implements extension projects for the benefit of engineering stakeholders.
Current notable research includes spearheading the Philippines' National Biofuels Program as well as the Agricultural Mechanization Development Program.

</doc>
<doc id="18443881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443881" title="Shirakawaguchi Station">
Shirakawaguchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443884" title="JAC Motors">
JAC Motors

JAC Motors (officially Jianghuai Automobile Co Ltd) is a Chinese state-owned automobile and commercial vehicle manufacturer. The company is based in Hefei, Anhui Province, China.
The company produced about 445,000 units in 2012.
History.
Established in 1964 as Hefei Jianghuai Automobile Factory, its name was changed to Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Co., Ltd. in 1997. The company made an IPO on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2001.
JAC has historically only produced commercial trucks (under the brand name Jianghui), but MPVs and SUVs appeared in the 2000s. By 2007 the company had gained government approval for passenger car production but, nonetheless, continued to be referred to as a truck maker. When it was known as a commercial vehicle manufacturer, JAC cooperated with Hyundai Motors. Beginning in 2003, it assembled Hyundai MPVs although this stopped sometime prior to 2007. At least two models based on Hyundai technology continued to be made by JAC after the cooperation was cancelled–a MPV and a SUV. Hyundai explored setting up a joint venture with the company in 2004, but the plan was soon discarded.
In 2009 the Chinese government indicated that it supported consolidation in the Chinese auto industry, leading analysts to predict the possibility of JAC joining with Chery since they are both located in Anhui province. On the surface such a merger would make sense: Chery mainly built passenger cars, and JAC was almost entirely focused on trucks at the time. Since then, however, JAC has made it clear that they are not interested in consolidation under the aegis of the larger Chery. JAC has begun to concentrate more on passenger cars, and a 2010 announcement of a new electric vehicle program may at least partially have been an effort to stave off the rumored merger.
Sales reached more than 300,000 units in 2009 including 12,100 sold overseas.
In 2010 it was one of the top ten most-productive vehicle manufacturers in China selling 458,500 units for 2.5% market share and reaching eighth place. JAC dropped one spot to ninth in 2011 making nearly 500,000 vehicles, and in 2012 a fall in units produced to about 445,000 precipitated the company's moving down one more rung in the rankings. Estimated production capacity is over 500,000 units/year as of 2009.
Products.
JAC has a wide model line that spans from commercial trucks to small city cars. Some of its models may be real standouts. In 2009 a Pininfarina-designed city car, the JAC Tojoy, won numerous awards including the J.D. Power China Automotive Performance, Execution and Layout (APEAL) award.
In the 2000s its flagship model was the Refine ("Ruifeng" in Chinese). The restyled 2004 Ruifeng Gold featured 60% Chinese-made part content.
Electric vehicles.
As of August 2010, JAC plans to make electric or hybrid-electric vehicles at an as-yet-unbuilt production base. China subsidizes oil (an incentive for the State to encourage use and manufacture of electric cars), and Chinese automakers see opportunities in less mature electric cars as Western companies have yet to develop much of a lead in the technology.
The JAC J3 EV all-electric car was launched in China in 2010. It has a range of . During 2010 and 2011 a total of 1,583 of the first and second generation models were sold in the country. A third generation model, called the JAC J3 iev, was launched in September 2012. Cumulative sales of all generations reached 4,068 units through December 2012. During 2012 the J3 EV was the second best selling pure electric car in China, after the Chery QQ3 EV. In 2013 about 2,500 JAC iEV (J3 EV) were sold making it the highest selling pure electric vehicle in China of 2013. 
Operations.
A 40,000 unit/year medium-to-heavy truck production base should become operation in 2012 and is probably located in Hefei. Production capacity figures may consider engines and vehicles as discrete.
Research and development.
Through its R&D division, JAC follows a five-level system. With this strategy, JAC strives to meet future trends and to develop new technological innovations. One of these R&D fields is the electric and hybrid technology, in which JAC aims towards taking the position as pioneer. In 2010, JAC filed nearly 90 patent and utility model applications.
An R&D facility in Hefei, capital of Anhui province, is complemented by two overseas R&D centres in Turin, Italy, and in Tokyo, Japan.
Joint ventures.
JAC announced a pair of joint ventures with Navistar International Corporation and NC2 Global (itself a Navistar/Caterpillar joint venture) on 16 September 2010. The NC2 joint venture will manufacture heavy duty trucks and parts while the Navistar joint venture will build medium to heavy diesel engines in China with parts and services provisioned by Navistar. The new companies will both be located in Hefei where JAC is also based.
Sales outside China.
JAC began the export of vehicles in 1990 (to Bolivia), and JAC products have subsequently been sold in over 100 countries. Light trucks are a popular export product.
Some JAC exports are in the form of knock-down kits, which are assembled at overseas factories in countries including Egypt, Ethiopia, and Vietnam. As of 2010 a possible factory in Slovakia is under discussion. Such factories are not necessarily owned by or affiliated with JAC. Knock-down exports are an easy way to gain access to developing markets without added after-sales service costs.
In 2009 JAC started a partnership with a distributor in Brazil, the SHC group. As of early 2011, it had more than 10,000 firm orders from its Brazilian partner. In 2009 JAC also had plans to build a production base in the country. As of 2011, the plant will be located in Bahia state and built in cooperation with the SHC group, which is providing 80% of the initial investment.
Corporate social responsibility.
JAC's corporate social responsibility activities include donations to support forest preservation as well as to educational opportunities for the poor.

</doc>
<doc id="18443891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443891" title="Shimoyui Station">
Shimoyui Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443895" title="Hera Alexandros">
Hera Alexandros

Alexandros (Gr. ), the "defender of men", was an epithet of the Greek goddess Hera, under which she was worshiped at Sicyon. A temple had been built there to Hera Alexandros by Adrastus after his flight from Argos.

</doc>
<doc id="18443900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443900" title="Sein und Zeit (The X-Files)">
Sein und Zeit (The X-Files)

"Sein und Zeit" is the tenth episode of the seventh season of the science fiction television series "The X-Files". It premiered on the Fox network on February 6, 2000 in the United States. The episode was written by Chris Carter and Frank Spotnitz, and directed by Michael Watkins. The episode helped to explore the series' overarching mythology. "Sein und Zeit" earned a Nielsen household rating of 8.4, being watched by 13.95 million people in its initial broadcast. It received mixed to positive reviews from critics.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work. In this episode, Mulder becomes obsessed with a number of children who have vanished while investigating the bizarre disappearance of a young girl from her home. In the meanwhile, Scully fears that he is emotionally involved due to his sister's disappearance 27 years earlier. Her fears are heightened when Mulder's mother dies, apparently of suicide.
"Sein und Zeit" was written as the first part of a two-part arc that would eventually reveal what had happened to Samantha Mulder. Executive producer Frank Spotnitz later noted that the episode bore stylistic similarities to the fourth season episode "Paper Hearts". Several production issues plagued the episode, including the arrest of one crew member who was accused of possible kidnap, and the lack of money needed for the faux news cast scene at the end of the episode. The episode's title, Sein und Zeit, is a reference to Martin Heidegger's best known work and means "Being and Time" in German.
Plot.
Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) asks to be a part of the investigation looking for a little girl, Amber Lynn LaPierre, who disappeared from her home. Mulder's superior, Walter Skinner (Mitch Pileggi), initially denies his request, noting that the investigation is not an X-file, but simply a missing persons case. Mulder, however, convinces Skinner to allow him to investigate. The parents of Amber, Billie and Bud, tell Mulder that they found a note in the girl's bedroom, but the teaser for the episode revealed that the note was written by Billie herself. The notes contains a mention of Santa Claus, which everyone finds out of place. Although the family is held for questioning, Mulder does not believe they did it. Looking through previous cases, Mulder finds a similar note, with a reference to Santa Claus, from a missing person case in Idaho from 1987. In the case, the mother was convicted and sentenced to twelve years. The files notes that she had a vision of her son dead before he disappeared, as did Bud on the night his daughter disappeared.
Meanwhile, Mulder's mother Teena is found dead in her home. It is found she overdosed on sleeping pills after she burned all her pictures of Samantha and placed tape around her baseboards and turned the gas in the oven on. Mulder believes she was murdered and has Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) do an autopsy. Later, Mulder visits the mother who was convicted twelve years prior. She tells him that Samantha is a walk-in, a kind spirit who takes children so that they may be shielded from potential harm in their life. The mother tells Mulder that the children are safe, but she has no idea where they are. After hearing this, Mulder believes his mother probably also wrote a note after his sister's disappearance. He begins to think that the alien abduction never happened, and that his mother figured this out, which is why she was murdered. However, after performing the autopsy, Scully tells Mulder that it was definitely suicide, because she was ill with Paget's carcinoma.
During the happenings of the episode, a man playing Santa at a Christmas-themed ranch is shown videotaping the children at his ranch. Billie later tells Mulder that she saw a vision of her daughter in her room and that she said the number 74. Mulder decides he cannot finish the case and wants to take time off because he's too close to make any sound judgment. On their way to the airport, Scully comes across the Santa park (situated off of California State Route 74) and decides to stop because of the reference to Santa Claus in the notes. Here they find the videotape setup and tapes dating all the way back to the '60s, including one of Amber Lynn LaPierre. The man who runs the park is promptly arrested, and Mulder finds graves of children all over his ranch.
Production.
Writing.
Although both the season four episode "Paper Hearts" and the season five episode "Redux II" had dealt with possible explanations for Samantha Mulder's fate, the issue had yet to be resolved when the series moved into its seventh season. Realizing that the season potentially could be the last, series creator Chris Carter decided to conclude the Samantha story-arc. "The expectation was that if this were going to be the final season, that the finale would be about Mulder's sister. We wanted to deal with that sooner rather than later. We wanted to wrap up Mulder's emotion story with his sister and do it in such a way that would emphasize Duchovny's dramatic abilities."
Executive producer Frank Spotnitz noted that the episode bore stylistic similarities to "Paper Hearts". However, unlike the episode, "Sein und Zeit", and its second part "Closure", sets out to actually answer the question of Samantha's disappearance. Spotnitz later explained, "it's similar […] in the sense that what you always thought happened to Samantha may not have actually happened. 'Paper Hearts' never ultimately answers the question. We've had people come up to us and say, 'Okay, so we know she's really dead, so what happened?' So we decided in this one to answer the question." The episode's title, Sein und Zeit, is a reference to Martin Heidegger's best known work and means "Being and Time" in German.
Production issues.
Several incidents hindered the production of the episode. The prop department for "The X-Files" initially made a fake ransom note for the scene wherein Mrs. LaPierre automatically writes the kidnappers message. A crew member for the show later took the note, along with a folder of other documents to one of the filming locations. Before arriving at the location, he stopped to make a phone call from a pay phone. A person, however, was watching him from their house and, being suspicious, called the police. Unfortunately for the crew member, he left the folder and note, which included the line "Don't do anything or we'll kill your baby" at the booth. When the individual went back to retrieve the note, he was promptly arrested. Director Kim Manners later called the situation a "mess".
The second major event that hindered production involved lack of money needed for the final scene. Near the end of the filming, producer Paul Rabwin discovered that there was no money left for a small but necessary sequence created to mimic an actual TV news anchor giving a report. Rather than request extra funds, Rabwin located an Australian TV correspondent based out of Los Angeles and asked him to "donate" the needed news report for a chance to be on "The X-Files". The individual was more than happy to comply. According to Rabwin, "we went to his studio setup, inserted a visual of a busy newsroom behind the correspondent, added some pictures of the kidnapped children, and we had our scene."
Broadcast and reception.
"Sein und Zeit" first aired in the United States on February 6, 2000. This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 8.4, with a 12 share, meaning that roughly 8.4 percent of all television-equipped households, and 12 percent of households watching television, were tuned in to the episode. It was viewed by 13.95 million viewers. The episode aired in the United Kingdom and Ireland on Sky1 on May 21, 2000 and received 0.83 million viewers, making it the sixth most watched episode that week. Fox promoted the episode with the tagline "They go to bed. And they're gone forever." The episode was later included on "The X-Files Mythology, Volume 3 – Colonization", a DVD collection that contains episodes involved with the alien Colonist's plans to take over the earth.
Todd VanDerWerff of "The A.V. Club" awarded the episode an "A–" and called it a "very, very good piece of television". He was particularly pleased with the grimness of the story; he noted that it was largely about the way in which Mulder's "belief system eradicated before his very eyes" after the suicide of his mom. VanDerWerff was also pleased with Duchovny's performance, writing that he "brings the intense mania to Mulder that has always made the character work at his best." Despite this, he was slightly critical of the concept of the "walk-ins", which he called "patently ridiculous". Rich Rosell from DigitallyObsessed.com awarded the episode 4.5 out of 5 stars and wrote that while "Chris Carter penned this episode, [and his attempts at clarifying his own confounded mythology are often even more confusing than revelatory, 'Sein Und Zeit' is a tense installment, and leads neatly to the supposed wrap-up in the second half. " Tom Kessenich, in his book "Examinations", gave the episode a largely positive review, writing "'Sein Und Zeit' not only served as a reminder of Fox Mulder's ongoing pain it provided yet another clue that, although its journey is nearing its completion, "The X-Files" still knows how to make the ride an enjoyable one." Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book "Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen", rated the episode five stars out of five. The two called the episode "a welcome return to an X-Files we haven't seen for awhile—hard, passionate, and with an urgent story to tell. From where I'm sitting, in the middle of a lacklustre season, it smells strongly of a masterpiece."
Other reviews were less complimentary. Paula Vitaris from "Cinefantastique" gave the episode a mixed review and awarded it two stars out of four. Vitaris wrote, "there are some powerful and touching moments in 'Sein und Zeit', but others that miss the mark so widely that it hurts to think what this episode might have been." Kenneth Silber from Space.com, although complimentary towards the focus on Samantha Mulder, was critical of the slowness of the episode, writing, "While the series' reversion to its central theme is much appreciated, this episode unfolds with an unfortunate slowness that does little to satisfy the seven-year itch many X-Files viewers have come to feel in response to monster-of-the-week episodes and phony-baloney mythology cliffhangers."

</doc>
<doc id="18443908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443908" title="Twenty Twenty">
Twenty Twenty

Twenty Twenty is a British independent television production company which joined the Shed Media Group in September 2007. The company produces documentaries, current affairs, drama, living history, and children's television.
Programming.
Current affairs.
Twenty Twenty has produced the following programmes for "Dispatches", Channel 4's long-running documentary series:
Documentaries.
Documentaries produced by Twenty Twenty include:

</doc>
<doc id="18443921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443921" title="Initial (album)">
Initial (album)

Initial is the debut album from the band Person L, released on August 5, 2008. Kenny Vasoli self-recorded the album in his home studio in late 2007–2008 and released it through his record label, Human Interest. Several of the songs originate from demos he worked on while on tour with The Starting Line.
Trivia.
2. "Holy Hell" is inspired by the band Drive Like Jehu, according to frontman Kenny Vasoli.

</doc>
<doc id="18443924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443924" title="Hida-Kanayama Station">
Hida-Kanayama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443928" title="An-Nazla ash-Sharqiya">
An-Nazla ash-Sharqiya

An-Nazla ash-Sharqiya () is a Palestinian village in the Tulkarm Governorate in the eastern West Bank, located 18 kilometers North-east of Tulkarm. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, an-Nazla ash-Sharqiya had a population of approximately 1,647 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. 5.4% of the population of an-Nazla ash-Sharqiya were refugees in 1997. The healthcare facilities for an-Nazla ash-Sharqiya and the villagers of an-Nazla al Wusta are based in an-Nazla ash-Sharqiya, where the facilities are designated as MOH level 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18443937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443937" title="Yakeishi Station">
Yakeishi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443950" title="Gero Station">
Gero Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central
 

</doc>
<doc id="18443960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443960" title="Zenshōji Station">
Zenshōji Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443964" title="Hida-Hagiwara Station">
Hida-Hagiwara Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443965" title="Evangelical-Augsburg Church Lublin">
Evangelical-Augsburg Church Lublin

The Evangelical-Augsburg Holy Trinity Church in Lublin – is the fourth largest community of the Evangelical-Augsburg Church in Poland in the Warsaw Diocese.
History.
In 1650 the Lutherans had to move their community from Lublin to Piaski Wielkie (also known as "Lutheran Piaski" - Polish: Piaski Luteranskie). Officially, the "Holy Trinity" community was founded in 1784, thanks to the approval of King Stanisław August Poniatowski.
Activities.
Church services are held in the heritage-protected church on Sundays at 10 o'clock. On every first Sunday of the month the church service includes Eucharist and absolution. Before and after the church service, you can buy Bibles, religious literature and evangelical periodicals. After the church service, the community is invited to tea and coffee in the vicarage opposite the church.
Besides the church services on Sundays, the community organises Bible classes which are open to non-community members. During these classes various biblical texts are discussed together with the pastor. Bible classes take place on Thursdays at 5 o'clock pm (except during school holidays).

</doc>
<doc id="18443970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443970" title="Jōro Station">
Jōro Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18443982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443982" title="Hida-Miyada Station">
Hida-Miyada Station

Layout.
The station has one platform serving one track.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central
 

</doc>
<doc id="18443985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443985" title="St Inez Creek">
St Inez Creek

St Inez creek is a creek in Panjim, in the Indian state of Goa. The creek opens up into the Mandovi River. The creek is in length, with a surface area
of with an average width of . The creek begins at the paddy fields at Altinho hill at Taleigao, Caranzalem, and the Nagahali hills of Dona Paula. According to a Portuguese plaque on one of the culverts, the creek dates back to 1829, although Historian Percival Noronha dates it back to 1647.
It has 12 culverts that originate from the old Goa Medical College complex leading to the Campal head, the Fire Brigade, the sewerage treatment plant at Tonca, the Tambdi Mati Cumrabhat, and the El Passo hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="18443992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443992" title="Maximum likelihood sequence estimation">
Maximum likelihood sequence estimation

Maximum likelihood sequence estimation (MLSE) is a mathematical algorithm to extract useful data out of a noisy data stream.
Theory.
For an optimized detector for digital signals the priority is not to reconstruct the transmitter signal, but it should do a best estimation of the transmitted data with the least possible number of errors.
The receiver emulates the distorted channel. All possible transmitted data streams are fed into this distorted channel model. The receiver compares the time response with the actual received signal and determines the most likely signal.
In cases that are most computationally straightforward, root mean square deviation can be used as the decision criterion for the lowest error probability.
Background.
Suppose that there is an underlying signal {"x"("t")}, of which an observed signal {"r"("t")} is available. The observed signal "r" is related to "x" via a transformation that may be nonlinear and may involve attenuation, and would usually involve the incorporation of random noise. The statistical parameters of this transformation are assumed known. The problem to be solved is to use the observations {"r"("t")} to create a good estimate of {"x"("t")}.
Maximum likelihood sequence estimation is formally the application of maximum likelihood to this problem. That is, the estimate of {"x"("t")} is defined to be sequence of values which maximize the functional
where "p"("r"|"x") denotes the conditional joint probability density function of the observed series {"r"("t")} given that the underlying series has the values {"x"("t")}.
In contrast, the related method of maximum a posteriori estimation is formally the application of the Maximum a posteriori (MAP) estimation approach. This is more complex than maximum likelihood sequence estimation and requires a known distribution (in Bayesian terms, a prior distribution) for the underlying signal. In this case the estimate of {"x"("t")} is defined to be sequence of values which maximize the functional
where "p"("x"|"r") denotes the conditional joint probability density function of the underlying series {"x"("t")} given that the observed series has taken the values {"r"("t")}. Bayes' theorem implies that
In cases where the contribution of random noise is additive and has a multivariate normal distribution, the problem of maximum likelihood sequence estimation can be reduced to that of a least squares minimization.

</doc>
<doc id="18443995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18443995" title="Hida-Osaka Station">
Hida-Osaka Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18444005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444005" title="Nagisa Station">
Nagisa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18444031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444031" title="List of Tol concerts">
List of Tol concerts

This is a complete list of concerts and mini-concerts performed by Vonthongchai Intarawat or Tol

</doc>
<doc id="18444033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444033" title="List of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (Philippines)">
List of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (Philippines)

This is a '"list of programs broadcast by "Cartoon Network (Philippines)".
Current programs.
As of January 2014
Early Cartoon Series.
These programs are also aired in Boomerang.
Future Shows.
Listed below are programs to be shown on Cartoon Network Philippines, as announced by the channel itself and its program schedule. It does not list programs rumored to be shown, as these rumors have not been proven. The following shows which being shown:
Upcoming Block.
The Cartoon Cartoon Show (Starts 1 March at 4 pm)
Former shows notes.
All programs that were previously aired on Cartoon Network in the mid - 90's are now gone from the network's schedule. When Cartoon Network's original programming was introduced in 1998, the first shows were leaving the schedule. As time went on, more and more Cartoon Network originals replaced the older cartoons which were then moved to Cartoon Network's sister channel Boomerang. In 2001, Cartoon Network reached the point where they were showing more Cartoon Cartoons than the older Hanna-Barbera ones. In 2003, the only old cartoons left on Cartoon Network were "Yogi Bear", "The Flintstones", "The Jetsons", "Tom & Jerry", "Looney Tunes", "The Scooby - Doo Show" and "Top Cat". In 2005, Cartoon Network deleted the final older cartoons from the schedule, including the Boomerang block, which aired episodes of older Hanna-Barbera cartoons that were previously on the network.

</doc>
<doc id="18444036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444036" title="An-Nazla al-Wusta">
An-Nazla al-Wusta

An-Nazla al-Wusta () is a Palestinian village in the Tulkarm Governorate in the eastern West Bank, located 17 kilometers North-east of Tulkarm. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, an-Nazla al-Wusta had a population of approximately 415 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. 38.7% of the population of an-Nazla al-Wusta were refugees in 1997. The healthcare facilities for an-Nazla al-Wusta are based in an-Nazla ash-Sharqiya, where the facilities are designated as MOH level 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18444038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444038" title="Kuguno Station">
Kuguno Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18444052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444052" title="Heaven Shall Burn / Fall of Serenity">
Heaven Shall Burn / Fall of Serenity

Heaven Shall Burn / Fall of Serenity is a 1999 deathcore album released by Deeds Of Revolution Records. It was the first release of both German bands.
Track listing.
Heaven Shall Burn side
Fall Of Serenity side
References.
Heaven Shall Burn releases on [http://www.heavenshallburn.com/releases.php]

</doc>
<doc id="18444056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444056" title="Hida-Ichinomiya Station">
Hida-Ichinomiya Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18444068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444068" title="Lewis Cave">
Lewis Cave

Sir Lewis William Cave (3 July 1832 – 7 September 1897) was a British judge.
Biography.
He was born at Desborough, Northamptonshire, the eldest son of William Cave, a local landowner, and his wife, Elizabeth. After attending Rugby School, he went to Lincoln College, Oxford, from where he graduated in 1855 with a degree in humanities.
Shortly after graduating, Cave started studying law, and married Julia Watkins, the daughter of the vicar of Brixworth on 5 August 1856. Cave was called to the bar on 10 June 1859 and built up a large general practice in the English Midlands.
In 1873, he was appointed recorder of Lincoln, Lincolnshire, and two years later became a Queen's Counsel. He edited several legal texts, including Stone's "Practice of Petty Sessions" (1861), "Reports of the Court for the Consideration of Crown Cases Reserved", Addison's "Treatise on the Law of Contracts" (1869; 1875) and Addison's "Law of Torts" (1879).
Despite being well known in the Midlands, Cave was not well known in London. His appointment as a Justice of the Queen's Bench in 1881, and his coincident knighthood, came as something of a surprise.
As a judge, he gained a reputation as bluff and concise, often cutting short arguments which he considered too lengthy.
References.
Rigg, James McMullen, (2004). "Cave, Sir Lewis William (1832–1897)", revised by Hugh Mooney, "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography", Oxford University Press. Accessed 15 July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18444073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444073" title="Takayama Station">
Takayama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18444075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444075" title="Christian Raymond">
Christian Raymond

Christian Raymond (born 24 December 1943 in Avrillé) was a French professional road bicycle racer. In 1970, Raymond won a stage in the 1970 Tour de France.
Raymond's 12-year-old daughter was the source of the nickname of the great cyclist Eddy Merckx. Raymond was a rider in the Peugeot team in 1969. When he explained to his daughter how the race had gone, she said: "That Belgian, he doesn't even leave you the crumbs... he's a cannibal." The nickname stuck.

</doc>
<doc id="18444085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444085" title="Hozue Station">
Hozue Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18444096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444096" title="Hida-Kokufu Station">
Hida-Kokufu Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18444104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444104" title="Hida-Furukawa Station">
Hida-Furukawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18444108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444108" title="Caculo Island">
Caculo Island

Caculo Island is a riverine island located in the St Inez Creek in Panaji, India.

</doc>
<doc id="18444114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444114" title="The Day Everything Became Nothing (EP)">
The Day Everything Became Nothing (EP)

The Day Everything Became Nothing is an EP by the Canadian punk rock band NoMeansNo. It was later placed in the compilation album "The Day Everything Became Isolated and Destroyed" alongside the album "Small Parts Isolated and Destroyed", which had been released later that year. "Forget Your Life" is a new version of a song from their 1981 EP "Betrayal, Fear, Anger, Hatred".

</doc>
<doc id="18444116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444116" title="Sugisaki Station">
Sugisaki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18444123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444123" title="Livin' in a World Without You">
Livin' in a World Without You

Livin' in a World Without You is the first single from The Rasmus' seventh studio album, "Black Roses". It is also first track on the album. The single was released on 10 September 2008, and was available in a variety of formats. It was performed for the first time live at the 'NRJ in the Park' festival in Berlin on 5 July 2008.
A music video for the song, produced by Nicolas Fronda, was recorded on 3 July in Stockholm and premiered on the band's web site.

</doc>
<doc id="18444128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444128" title="Hida-Hosoe Station">
Hida-Hosoe Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18444137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444137" title="Tsunogawa Station">
Tsunogawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18444151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444151" title="Sakakami Station">
Sakakami Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18444155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444155" title="Frank Yamma">
Frank Yamma

Frank Yamma (fl. c. 2000) is an Australian musician.
Frank is a singer and song writer from Central Australia and is a Pitjantjatjara man who speaks 5 languages and sings in both Pitjantjatjara and English. He is the son of Issac Yamma, an early proponent of singing Western style songs in traditional language.
Frank's style of music is Indigenous Roots (World Music) and he writes about his country and his people. He has performed in bands Ulpanyali Band, Digital Dreaming, Terrasphere, Piranpa ('skinny white lizards' in Pitjantjatjara) and his father's Pitjantjatjara Country Band. He currently performs mainly solo or accompanied by David Bridie on piano and Helen Mountford on cello.
Frank Yamma & Piranpa won a Deadly in 1999 for their album "Playing with Fire". In 2005, with David Bridie, he won AGSC Screen Music Award for Best Original Song Composed for a Feature Film, Telemovie, TV Series or Mini-Series
Yamma recorded a set for TripleJ's Live at the Wireless that was broadcast on 19 February 2001. He has had multiple live performances broadcast on Radio National's Live on Stage series. He was a featured artist of the ABC TV show Sending a message : Naidoc concert.
Discography.
Frank Yamma & Piranpa<br>
"Playing with Fire" (1999) - CAAMA Music<br>
"Keep up the pace" (2006) - CAAMA Music<br>
Frank Yamma<br>
"Solid Eagle" (1997) - CAAMA Music<br>
"Countryman" (2010) - Wantok/ Planet 
Digital Dreaming<br>
"Inma Wiru" (1999) - Iguana Records<br>
Terrasphere<br>
"Terrasphere" (1997) - CAAMA Music<br>
Ulpinyali Band<br>
"Ulpinyali Band" (1989) - CAAMA Music 
"Corroboration" (2001) - Festival Mushroom <br>
"Olympic Record" (2000) - Warner Music Group<br>
"Songlines - Acoustic Sounds" (1997)- EMI & ABC Music<br>
"Port Fairy Festival" (1986) Independent<br>
"Wantok Volume 1" (2011) - Wantok Musik/Planet

</doc>
<doc id="18444159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444159" title="Apamea lithoxylaea">
Apamea lithoxylaea

The Light Arches ("Apamea lithoxylaea") is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is distributed throughout Europe, the Caucasus, and Turkey, and ranges east to the Altai Mountains.
This species has a wingspan of 43 to 50 mm. It flies at night from June to August and is attracted to light and sugar. It usually produces a single brood from June to mid-August, but it may have a second brood in September to November.
The larva feeds on various grasses, especially the stems and roots.

</doc>
<doc id="18444160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444160" title="Utsubo Station">
Utsubo Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18444172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444172" title="Sugihara Station">
Sugihara Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18444176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444176" title="Jean-Pierre Danguillaume">
Jean-Pierre Danguillaume

Jean-Pierre Danguillaume (Joué-lès-Tours, 25 May 1946) was a French professional road bicycle racer. Between 1970 and 1978, Danguillaume won 7 stages in the Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18444183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444183" title="Technology Building Station">
Technology Building Station

Technology Building Station is a station on the Wenshan Line of the Taipei Metro, located in Daan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
Station overview.
The station is elevated and has two side platforms and one exit. It connects with the adjacent office building. It is located on Fuxing South Rd., near its intersection with Heping East Rd. Between this station and the adjacent Liuzhangli, there is a 90-degree turn.

</doc>
<doc id="18444184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444184" title="Song Weiping">
Song Weiping

Song Weiping (Traditional Chinese: 宋衛平, Simplified Chinese: 宋卫平), is a Chinese real estate tycoon and billionaire. He is the co-founder and current president of China Greentown (中國綠城/中国绿城).
Career.
Song was born in Shenxian County, Shaoxing, Zhejiang Province in 1958. 1982, he graduated from the Department of History, Hangzhou University (current Zhejiang University). 1982-1987, he taught in a party school. 1987, he went to Zhuhai, Guangdong Province, and worked in a computer company as a secretary.
1994, Song went back to Hangzhou, he founded China Greentown, a real estate company, with his wife Xia Yibo (夏一波). Currently, China Greentown is a leading real estate company in Zhejiang Province, Shanghai and Beijing. Song also invests in football team. He founded his own soccer team and club, and named them after Greentown (Pinyin: Lucheng).
According to the recent 2007 Forbes Mainland China Rich List (福佈斯中國富豪榜/福布斯中国富豪榜), Song and his wife were ranked No.41 with 9.75 billion Chinese Yuan (about US$ 1.39 billion).

</doc>
<doc id="18444188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444188" title="Constantiana Daphne">
Constantiana Daphne

Daphne was a Byzantine fortification inaugurated, most probably in 327, on the left bank of the Danube, across Transmarisca, in the delta of the Arges river. In 367, emperor Valens crossed the Danube at Daphne using a pontoon bridge.
It was mentioned by Ammianus Marcellinus and Procopius of Caesarea.
The most probable position is at Gradistea at south est of Ulmeni. Still some historians believe that the Daphne was the new name of the Sucidava- Celei.

</doc>
<doc id="18444194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444194" title="Sophie Conran">
Sophie Conran

Sophie Conran is an English interior designer, cook and author.
Early life.
Conran is the daughter of designer and restaurateur Sir Terence Conran and food writer Caroline Conran, the sister of fashion designer Jasper Conran, restaurateur Tom, artist Edmund and product designer Sebastian.
Career.
After leaving school at 17, Conran worked as an apprentice for couture milliner Stephen Jones before joining the fashion team at the studio of her brother Jasper. Following this thorough immersion in the fashion world, Conran interior-designed apartments and show flats in the Butler's Wharf development and overhauled the Design Museum Shop’s collections where she also acted as a buyer. At the same time, she worked as a buyer for The Conran Shop and eventually launched her own store ‘Wong Singh Jones’ (W11).
Aged 20, Conran bought her Bayswater flat, then a cluster of bed-sits, anf then reunited the rooms, renovated. Shown to friends and family, private interior design commissions followed.
In the early 1990s, Conran lived in Australia her where projects included design direction and new product development for the homewares range of Country Road. Whilst there, she took over a rammed-earth shack in the state of Victoria. The shack was a shell with outside lavatory.
On returning to the United Kingdom, Conran worked for her father accessorising his restaurants whilst renovating a dilapidated farm in Devon, rearing pigs and growing vegetables. After a few years she returned to work for as a Colour Director and then as a Product Manager in a variety of areas. She helped with Jasper’s Sackville Street townhouse store before the 2005 opening.
Sophie Conran Pies, a collection of pies launched in 2004 -winners of 4 Fine Food Awards in 2005 — were not her first foray into the food world. In her twenties Conran created a supper club and then collaborated with brother, Tom. Together they set up a catering company, an experience that helps in her role as patron for Breakthrough for Breast Cancer’s Breakthrough Banquet initiative.
Conran’s debut cookbook – "Pies" – was published in November 2006 by HarperCollins (£12.99), and was a success, with a mini version entitled "Easy Pies" later released. Her second book, "Soups and Stews", was published by Collins in October 2008 and a further cookery book is in the pipeline. She has written food & entertaining stories for many UK titles including "InStyle" and "Living", etc., and for the last two years has been a contributing editor to Junior magazine.
In March 2006, Conran’s kitchen, glass and tableware range for Portmeirion launched nationwide in the UK. It received an "Elle" Deco Style Award for Best in Kitchens 2006 and the "House Beautiful" Award for Best in Tableware in 2008. Conran then created a fine dining range, White Oak, launched in the USA. Sophie Conran for Portmeirion is sold in over 55 countries.
In December 2007, Conran was a designer in the Save the Children's Festival of Trees fundraising event.
In 2007, Conran collaborated with Notting Hill Melt chocolates, to create a chocolate inspired by sweet pies from her first book "Sophie Conran's Pies". The chocolate uses a combination of flavours including Earl Grey tea, ginger and cranberry.
In 2008 Sophie teamed up with bathroom store Drummonds of Chelsea to redesign their Chelsea showroom. In 2011 a range of coloured baths were launched.
Also in 2008 Sophie began a collaboration with UK wallpaper company Arthouse, to create collections for B&Q stores.
In 2009, Sophie launched 'The Cook's Companion' with Harvey Jones Kitchens, a freestanding kitchen aid designed for the keen cook.
In 2010 Conran launched a cutlery collection with British manufacturer Arthur Price. In 2011 she designed range of garden tools with the Sheffield based company Burgon & Ball. The range was shortlisted for Product of the Year at the Chelsea Flower Show 2011.
Personal life.
Sophie has two children, Felix and Coco, with her ex-husband Alex Willcock.

</doc>
<doc id="18444205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444205" title="Inotani Station">
Inotani Station

Layout.
An island platform is located on the ground and serves 2 tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18444207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444207" title="University of the Philippines Los Baños College of Human Ecology">
University of the Philippines Los Baños College of Human Ecology

The College of Human Ecology is one of the eleven degree-granting units of the University of the Philippines at Los Baños. It is one of only a few institutions in Asia that offers a degree program in Human Ecology and is the first and only one to offer the degree in the Philippines. It is also the first in Asia to offer a degree program in Food and Nutrition Planning.
CHE aims to develop "professionals who understand human development in relation to the biophysical and social environment, are able to participate in development programs, internalize and apply the ecological perspective to society’s problems; as well as produce human resource who understand nutrition management, and nutrition program planning, implementation, and evaluation."
History.
CHE traces its roots to the Department of Home Technology at the College of Agriculture. In 1974, the department was transformed into the Institute of Human Ecology in response to the United Nations Global Stockholm Conference calling for a “common outlook and principle in the preservation and enhancement of the human environment.”
On 23 February 1983, the Institute was elevated to a full-fledged College of Human Ecology.
Research and Extension.
The College developed and currently administers the Regional Training Program on Food and Nutrition Planning for the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization and the Netherlands Universities Foundation for International Cooperation. It aims to establish a pool of human resources in Asia who are fully capable of integrating nutrition considerations into development planning and management. It is the first in Asia to offer a degree program on Food and Nutrition Planning which has trained hundreds from all over the continent since its inception in 1978.
CHE also conceptualized the Nutrition Improvement Model, which led to the development of Barangay Integrated Development Approach for Nutrition Improvement (BIDANI) Program. BIDANI is now a component of the Philippine Plan of Action for Nutrition for building capacities of local governments to integrate nutrition into local development programs.

</doc>
<doc id="18444213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444213" title="Liuzhangli Station">
Liuzhangli Station

Liuzhangli Station is a station on the Wenshan Line of the Taipei Rapid Transit System, located on the border of Daan and Xinyi districts, Taipei, Taiwan.
Station overview.
The station is elevated, has two side platforms, and has one exit. It is located at the intersection of Heping East Rd. and Keelung Rd.
It is a planned transfer station with the North-South Line (under planning).

</doc>
<doc id="18444214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444214" title="Thanunchai Baribarn">
Thanunchai Baribarn

Thanunchai Baribarn (, born October 3, 1972) is a retired Thai footballer He played as midfielder and defender for the Thailand national team from 1999–2002, in various tournaments such as the 1999 Southeast Asian Games, the 2000 King's cup and the Asian Cup in 2000 and 2002. He scored 6 goals for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="18444222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444222" title="Meadowlands Pace">
Meadowlands Pace

The Meadowlands Pace is a harness race for three-year-old pacers, held at the Meadowlands Racetrack, in East Rutherford, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. It is the richest pacing race in the United States at $635,750.

</doc>
<doc id="18444229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444229" title="Mark Opzoomer">
Mark Opzoomer

Mark Opzoomer is the CEO of Rambler Media since March 2007. Also he was Non-executive director from 16 March 2005.
Before joining Rambler, Mark served as the Regional Vice President & Managing Director, YAHOO! Europe from July 2001 to December 2003.
Opzoomer graduated with an MBA from IMD, Lausanne, Switzerland. He qualified as a chartered accountant with PwC in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18444230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444230" title="Gali Batu Depot">
Gali Batu Depot

Gali Batu Depot is a train depot located off Woodlands Road in Singapore. It will provide maintenance services for the upcoming Downtown Line of the Mass Rapid Transit system, and is directly linked to Bukit Panjang. Construction of the 21 hectare at grade depot started in the first quarter of 2009 and to be completed by 2015.
As part of the construction which started in December 2008, 1,957 graves on part of the Kwong Hou Sua Teochew Cemetery had to be exhumed.

</doc>
<doc id="18444236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444236" title="Drane">
Drane

Drane is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18444240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444240" title="Linguang Station">
Linguang Station

Linguang Station is a station on the Wenshan Line of the Taipei Metro, located on the border of Daan and Xinyi districts, Taipei, Taiwan.
Station overview.
The station is elevated, has two side platforms, and a single exit.

</doc>
<doc id="18444246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444246" title="Nirehara Station">
Nirehara Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18444255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444255" title="2008 Baquba bombings">
2008 Baquba bombings

The 15 July 2008 Baquba bombings occurred at around 8am local time on 15 July 2008, in Baquba, Diyala Governorate, targeting army recruits at the al-Saad army camp. According to the Iraqi army, the bombers - one dressed in an Iraqi military uniform, the other in civilian clothing - mingled with the crowds of over 200 young recruits before blowing themselves up, killing 35 and injuring 63.

</doc>
<doc id="18444258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444258" title="Apamea ophiogramma">
Apamea ophiogramma

The Double Lobed ("Apamea ophiogramma") is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone in Europe and Russia. There have been at least two separate introductions into North America and it is now rapidly expanding in range. This species is sometimes placed in the monotypic genus Lateroligia.
This moth has a wingspan of 32 to 35 mm. The forewings are 13 to 16 mm long. This moth flies at night and is attracted to light and sugar. Its flight season in the British Isles is June through August.
The larva feeds and overwinters on reed canary-grass ("Phalaris arundinacea") and reed sweet-grass ("Glyceria maxima").

</doc>
<doc id="18444262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444262" title="Sasazu Station">
Sasazu Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18444266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444266" title="Atlantic and Western Railroad">
Atlantic and Western Railroad

Atlantic and Western Railroad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18444267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444267" title="Corribee">
Corribee

The Corribee is a model of sailing yacht with good sea keeping ability. It was in a Corribee that Ellen MacArthur sailed around Britain.
The boat has also made longer voyages across the Atlantic Ocean.
Mark 1 Corribee.
Mk 1, Clinker.
The first Corribee was designed by Robert Tucker in 1964.
Around 10 wooden Corribees were clinker built before production moved to the fibreglass Mk 1. The early Corribees have a centreboard which gives them a minimum draft of , shallow even compared to the bilge-keeled later models which are themselves favoured for their shallow draft. With the centreboard lowered, the Mk 1 clinker Corribee draws . Raised and lowered by means of a winch in the cockpit, the centreboard is housed in a small fin which protrudes from the hull of the boat, as such it does not intrude on the cabin floor.
Corribee number 1.
The first Corribee built was called "Corribee", eventually lending its name to the whole class of boats. Built by Mallon Boats in mahogany on oak clinker and launched on the Medway in 1965 bearing sail number 1. In 1999 she was completely rebuilt by Lallows Yard in Cowes. In May 2011 she was put up for sale by her owner.
Mk 1, Fibreglass.
In the early 1970s, production of the Corribee moved to Newbridge Boats Ltd who built it in fibreglass. Known as the Newbridge "Corribee 21" in the brochure, she was sold as "a fin keel version of the original centreboard clinker boat". The Mk1 was also built as a twin keel boat which has a shallower draft than the fin keel version and has the advantage of staying upright if run aground or kept on a drying mooring. Compared to the later Mk 2 and Mk 3 Corribees, the Mk 1 has a few distinguishing features. The Mk 1 has a circular cover on the lazarette, the coachroof is wider than on later models and consequently has narrower side decks and more room below.
Significant voyages.
There have been a number of significant voyages completed in Corribees, including a number of circumnavigations of Great Britain and Transatlantic crossings.
In the 1970s Alan Toone made a double transatlantic crossing in his Mk 2 Corribee, "Corrie Bee". In 1983 Mike Spring, a paraplegic sailor, sailed single handed to Ponta Delgada, Azores in his Coromandel "3M Mariner". In 1995 Ellen MacArthur circumnavigated Great Britain via the Caledonian canal in her Corribee, "Iduna".
More recently Katie Miller emulated Ellen MacArthur's voyage in her Corribee, "Elektra"; she made the circumnavigation to raise finds for the Ellen MacArthur Trust. In recognition of this voyage she was awarded the 2006 Raymarine Young Sailor of the Year award.
As part of the 2008 Jester Azores Challenge Roger Taylor sailed from Plymouth to Praia da Vitória, Azores in his junk-rigged Corribee, "Mingming", finishing in just under 21 days.
In the summer of 2008, Jack Daly completed his single handed circumnavigation of Great Britain via the Caledonian canal in "Padiwak"; the voyage took him 12 weeks.
Voyage attempts.
In 2006 Roger Taylor retired from the Plymouth to Newport Jester Challenge. He sailed his junk-rigged Corribee, "Mingming" to a point North East of the Azores, a total of 2,500 miles non-stop from Plymouth back to Burnham-on-Crouch, retiring only due to a slower than expected boat speed meaning he'd be at sea well into hurricane season, something Taylor described as "a risk too far".
In 2008 while Jack Daly was on his circumnavigation via the Caledonian Canal, Jonny Moore retired from a complete circumnavigation of Great Britain via the Pentland Firth in his Mk 2 Corribee "Casulen II". His effort was still successful in raising money for the Kendal Sea Cadet Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="18444269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444269" title="Higashi-Yatsuo Station">
Higashi-Yatsuo Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18444279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444279" title="Xinhai Station">
Xinhai Station

The Taipei Metro Xinhai Station is a station on the Wenshan Line located in Wenshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
Station overview.
This elevated station has two side platforms and a single exit.

</doc>
<doc id="18444280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444280" title="Etchū-Yatsuo Station">
Etchū-Yatsuo Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18444285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444285" title="Wayne Jones">
Wayne Jones

Wayne Jones may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18444291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444291" title="Chisato Station (Toyama)">
Chisato Station (Toyama)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18444299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444299" title="Secret Warriors">
Secret Warriors

The Secret Warriors is a Marvel series featuring Nick Fury and Team White, a fictional team of superpowered agents in the . Created by Brian Michael Bendis and Alex Maleev, the characters were introduced in "Mighty Avengers" #13, and debuted as a team in "Secret Invasion" #3, both published in 2008.
Publication history.
The team was introduced in the "Secret Invasion" tie-in issues of "Mighty Avengers" and then featured in their own ongoing series. This series was co-plotted by Bendis with Jonathan Hickman writing. and was one of the titles launching as part of the Dark Reign storyline. The series was promoted by a series of passwords and clues given in solicitations for upcoming issues. A Marvel spokesman stated that further passwords would be released for the website later on.
Fictional team biography.
Secret Invasion.
The characters were thrown into battle for the first time when the Skrulls kicked their invasion of Earth into high gear. Manhattan became a war zone with Super Skrulls devastating the city, and Fury led the team into the heart of the battle. The arrival of the team turned the tide of battle enough to rescue the combined forces of the Initiative and the Young Avengers from being killed by the Skrulls. Fury rallied all the other heroes together with his agents and began a series of hit and run attacks on the Skrull forces throughout the city. But this tactic would only get them so far. It took all of them just to take out a few Super Skrulls at a time. A better chance at defeating the Skrull invasion came at the sight of Thor's lightning calling them all to Central Park. There, the team gathered with all of the other assembled heroes and repelled the Skrull invasion. In the immediate aftermath of the heroes' victory, Fury and his agents quickly took their leave and went back underground.
Dark Reign.
Apparently, the Skrulls were just practice for the agents, and Nick Fury revealed his true agenda to the team. It seemed he had been on the losing side of his conflict with HYDRA this entire time without realizing it. HYDRA was bigger and more far reaching than he ever realized. It even had its tentacles in S.H.I.E.L.D. while he ran it. However, the Skrull attack and the dismantling of S.H.I.E.L.D. hit HYDRA hard, giving Fury an opportunity to prepare for a new war against them while they reorganized. 
With S.H.I.E.L.D. being replaced by H.A.M.M.E.R., HYDRA was moving to claim as many assets as it could before the U.S. government could, and the agents knew that HYDRA would go after the Red Worm facility next. Red Worm was the psy-ops facility, and it was decided the Secret Warriors needed to get there first to prevent HYDRA from claiming such an asset. Unfortunately, HYDRA moved too quickly and the team arrived to witness Kraken and Gorgon personally overseeing the facility's evacuation. When they were in the process of executing two telepaths who were brain damaged by the rushed process of being awakened, Daisy Johnson ordered her team to move in. This was a mistake. Kraken teleported away with the remaining telepaths, and Gorgon stayed behind to fight. He severely wounded Yo-Yo, chopping off her both her hands. Daisy Johnson had to order a retreat.
This was a critical setback for the team and Fury's plans, as was the news that the Gorgon was even alive again. Yo-Yo's drastic injuries effectively benched her for the time being, leaving Daisy Johnson to seek out a new recruit for the team. She traveled to the Australian outback along with Druid to meet with Eden Fesi, who was another name on Fury's list of Caterpillars. He readily agreed to join, with Gateway's permission, because he was not exactly thrilled with the lifestyle in the outback. Meanwhile, Fury reached out to Dum-Dum Dugan for help. Dugan and many former S.H.I.E.L.D. agents had gone private in the wake of H.A.M.M.E.R.'s takeover and formed a Howling Commandos private military company. Fury wanted them supporting the young agents.
Fury led the Howling Commandos on a raid of the Dock, another former S.H.I.E.L.D. base. This one housed the helicarriers, and Fury wanted them. While the Howling Commandos and H.A.M.M.E.R. fought, HYDRA intervened to prevent Fury from taking the helicarriers and all hell really broke loose. Then, Team White arrived to back Fury up and turn the tide, making the raid on the Dock a success. HYDRA's forces retreated, the Howling Commandos made off with three helicarriers, and Fury recruited 3,000 H.A.M.M.E.R. agents over to his side. 
Despite saving the day, Fury kept Team White in the dark about many things. Even the team leader, Daisy Johnson, did not get the full story when she asked. It turned out that Fury was not the one who hit the panic button to call them into action at the Dock, but Fury would not provide any answers about that mystery. Similarly, it was implied by Gateway that Fury was running other Caterpillar teams, and for the time being, Fury was staying quiet about that as well. 
Fury needed financing for his secret war and got it from using Team White to rob a bank covertly being run by HYDRA. This act, coupled with HYDRA's defeat at the Dock, made Fury too much of a nuisance for Baron Strucker to ignore. However, Strucker still had much do, so he reached out to Norman Osborn to solve his Fury problem. 
Osborn lured J.T. James, Alexander Aaron and Eden Fesi into a trap using Black Widow as bait. Phobos went in using a Nick Fury LMD as a disguise, getting caught in the trap and exposed. J.T. James and Eden came to the rescue, but it was Ares who gave the three the opportunity to get away. Alexander Aaron was Ares' son, and Ares was impressed with the way his son stood up to Osborn. This was only enough for them to get a brief moment before Osborn sent Ares, Hawkeye (Bullseye) and agents of H.A.M.M.E.R. after them. Eden tried to teleport only them back to the secret base, but Ares forced the portal open to allow Osborn's forces to follow. It was chaos. Team White, including Yo-Yo with her new bionic arms, found themselves fighting H.A.M.M.E.R., Iron Patriot, Ares and Hawkeye (Bullseye) in their own base, which was going through an automated self-destruct countdown triggered by the intrusion. Team White held off Osborn's forces and escaped through another one of Eden's portal before the base exploded. 
Meanwhile, Fury reached out to his old friend John Garrett. Together, they conned Osborn into helping them uncover an active agent of the long thought dormant agency of Leviathan.
Wake the Beast.
The return of Leviathan complicated Fury's plans, but it also provided some opportunities. HYDRA and Leviathan quickly went to war, giving Fury extra room and time to maneuver his own forces. Daisy Johnson discovered that her team was not the only team of special agents at Fury's disposal. Two others were active and operating outside of Fury's direct control. One was designated the black team and run by Alexander Pierce. This team was composed of the more dangerous Caterpillars from Fury's list and tasked with watching HYDRA. The other was the gray team and run by Fury's own son, Mikel Fury. They were tasked with looking into Leviathan, which had been a seemingly dead end assignment until recently. Daisy Johnson's Team White, was apparently meant as Fury's fist. 
Fury was preparing his forces to go operational when both HYDRA and Leviathan were at their weakest. He decided Druid was the weak link of the team and cut him from the roster against the wishes of Daisy Johnson and the rest of the team. Meanwhile, no one realized that J.T. James had been compromised by HYDRA and was being blackmailed by Baron Strucker.
Siege.
Fury's agenda was interrupted by Norman Osborn's sudden attack on Asgard and Steve Rogers' call for aid. He and Team White answered the call. They allied with the assembled New Avengers and Young Avengers and came to the defense of the Asgardians. However, Phobos was left out of the battle and struck out on his own mission after seeing that his father had been killed by the Sentry. 
Osborn's forces fell, and when the full power of the Sentry's madness was unleashed, he was put down by the assembled heroes. What remained of Asgard was saved. The president turned against Osborn and H.A.M.M.E.R. for their actions, putting an end to the Dark Reign. But Fury and Team White did not stick around for the aftermath. Once all was said and done, they returned to their secret war against HYDRA and Leviathan.
Last Ride of the Howling Commandos.
The time came for the major offensive against HYDRA Fury had been building toward. The target was Hell's Heaven, a secret HYDRA base deep inside the borders of China. Fury sent Team Black, led by Alexander Pierce, and two helicarriers full of Howling Commandos personnel, led by Dum Dum Dugan, to carry out the assault. HYDRA's forces were overwhelmed by the attack. Team Black breached the facility's security along with a small unit of Howling Commandos and planted an explosive right in the heart of Hell's Heaven. Everyone exfiltrated back to the helicarrer's as the base was destroyed. 
Upon completing the objective, Pierce left with Team Black aboard a small aircraft, separating from the Howling Commandos to make their own way out of China and to their next destination. They were not present for what happened next. 
Before making it out of China, the two helicarriers were intercepted by a superior HYDRA force led by the Gorgon. One helicarrier, the Argonaut, was shot down almost immediately. Dugan, commanding the other helicarrier, turned to fight rather than abandon the lost helicarrier by taking an opportunity to escape. However, they were still outgunned. Dugan's helicarrier also fell to HYDRA but not before HYDRA took some losses as well. The battle immediately resumed on the ground in the wreckage of fallen warships. An explosive injured Dugan, and Jasper Sitwell left the battle to get him to safety. Those who remained to fight HYDRA, including Gabriel Jones and Eric Koenig, were killed in action.
Night.
With the devastating battle in China, Fury's secret war had truly begun and the following six months only saw things take a turn for the worse on all sides. The Howling Commandos were eliminated, and now, HYDRA came after Team White. Fury's European command center was destroyed in an attack that also destroyed three city blocks of Paris. Their secret base in London was lost next due to a biological attack that claimed 12,000 civilian lives. Team White was effectively crippled within two months. Once they were sidelined, the conflict between HYDRA and Leviathan escalated with both sides taking major losses. There was an attempt to call a cease-fire, but this resulted only in the assassination of Magadan, one of the three leaders of Leviathan. In retaliation, Leviathan destroyed HYDRA's new recruitment center in Seattle. This attack was so severe it devastated much of the American city and provoked Fury to find a way to get Team White off the sidelines. 
Fury planned a simultaneous assault on both HYDRA and Leviathan. Team Black and Team Gray were to target two remaining major Leviathan bases while he and Team White went straight after Gehenna, HYDRA's principle base. The operation was meant to be quick and surgical. They would teleport in via Eden's power, plant the bomb and have Eden get them out all in under a minute. The mission did not go as planned. Baron Strucker, the Gorgon and Viper were expecting Team White, and Eden was badly injured before he could teleport them out. Team White fought rather than surrender, and Alexander Aaron used his prophetic knowledge to lead them to the escape path they were supposed to take. A bridge collapse left Alexander and Fury separated from the rest of the team and on the side with HYDRA. Fury shot a line across so both of them could cross the chasm, but Alexander forced him to go alone. The son of war stood his ground and fought the Gorgon alone, because that was how it was supposed to be. He then died at the Gorgon's hands, because that was also how it was supposed to be. 
After bearing witness to Alexander' death, Team White continued their escape. Time was limited. The mountain-breaker bomb they had deployed in Gehenna was armed and would soon explode. Finally, they found access to the surface, but HYDRA soldiers were closing in. Fury took the rear to provide cover and prevent them from being swarmed trying to board the aircraft waiting for them. The sheer numbers were against him, though. He was being overwhelmed until Hellfire came back for him. Together, they held HYDRA at bay until the bomb detonated. 
As the mountain broke apart all around them, J.T. James lost his footing and began to fall into a chasm. Fury caught him just in time. Fury said that he knew James was the one who had tipped HYDRA off. He knew about the secret meetings with HYDRA agents. James explained that HYDRA had found him through the money they stole from that bank months back. They had backed him into a corner, and he was doing all he could to make sure that at least Daisy Johnson survived. Fury said that he believed James and that the love between James and Johnson was real. But then, he released James' arm and let the man fall. Catching up to Team White, Fury said only that James did not make it.
Other "Caterpillar" teams.
Within the Secret Warriors series the featured team is referred to as being one of three other caterpillar teams. While the main team of the series is led by Daisy and overseen by Nick Fury, Fury also oversees two other teams.
Alexander Pierce's Team Black.
Alexander Pierce - S.H.I.E.L.D. agent
Aron Downing - In possession of a "Shadow Machine". Both his arms appear to be replaced by technological prosthetics. He has demonstrated the ability to make "shadowlike constructs" extend from his prosthetic hands.
Lauren Wolf - A polymorph, the limits of which have yet to be revealed. However during combat she has been shown to change her hands into spiked mace.
Ahmed Noor - A living atom smasher; able to disintegrate matter and cause explosions
Ben Huth - Only known super power is his ability to fly
Bobby Gamorra - Owner of an item referred to as the "Amulet of Abbadon". A mystical artifact that grants him magical powers, which so far have been revealed to include the opening of teleportation portals.
Cornell Grey - Possess a parasitic brain that allows him to draw information from people's minds upon contact with special mouth like openings on his palms. The result is that his vicitms are left brain dead.
Ellis Love - A telekinetic and telepath. the extent of which has yet to be revealed, but has been seen using telekinetic energy offensively in combat.
Mikel Fury's Team Gray.
The leader of the other team is Mikel Fury and the names of the members have been revealed: 
Collected editions.
The series is being collected into individual volumes:

</doc>
<doc id="18444301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444301" title="Wanfang Hospital Station">
Wanfang Hospital Station

Wanfang Hospital Station is a station on the Wenshan Line of the Taipei Metro, located in Wenshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
Station overview.
The station is elevated and is connected to Wanfang Hospital. It has two side platforms and a single exit.

</doc>
<doc id="18444303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444303" title="Martin Van Den Bossche">
Martin Van Den Bossche

Martin Van Den Bossche (Hingene, 10 March 1941) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer. Van Den Bossche finished in the top 10 of the Tour de France twice, and won the Mountains classification of the 1970 Giro d'Italia.

</doc>
<doc id="18444305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444305" title="Hayahoshi Station">
Hayahoshi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18444306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444306" title="International Academy of Film and Television">
International Academy of Film and Television

The International Academy of Film and Television (IAFT) is a boutique film school offering diploma and certificate programs in filmmaking and acting. 
History.
In 2003 founded by Michael Gleissner, Bigfoot Entertainment began training Cebuanos in camera operation. Within a year, in response to growing demand for film education, the doors of IAFT were opened to full-time filmmaking students. The school was formed with the intention of hiring graduates for the affiliates, Bigfoot Studios and Fashion TV Philippines and Singapore. IAFT now offers Certificate and Diploma programs in Filmmaking, Acting and Sound Design, as well as short-term workshops at all of its campuses.
Mission.
IAFT’s mission is to nurture the creativity and individual talents of their students, to cultivate today’s independent global filmmakers, and to build upon the entertainment traditions of Hollywood and other film capitals of the world. They place a strong emphasis on professional standards - using the latest filmmaking & acting techniques and equipment - taught by highly experienced industry professionals.
Programs.
IAFT offers diploma and certificate programs in filmmaking and acting. The schools course of study includes sound design, photography, and script writing. IAFT's programs incorporate a minimum of 60 hours of internship within the professional industry, and acting programs require public performance to be undertaken regularly.

</doc>
<doc id="18444309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444309" title="Kingsbury Oil Terminal">
Kingsbury Oil Terminal

Kingsbury Oil Terminal is an oil storage depot located to the northeast of the village of Kingsbury, Warwickshire, England. It was opened in the late 1960s and serves the Midlands region. It is the largest inland oil storage depot in the United Kingdom. The main operators at the site are BP, Warwickshire Oil Storage Limited and Valero Energy Limited. The site also has facilities from Shell and pipeline operations from the British Pipeline Agency.
In August 2006 the terminal was targeted by terrorists as part of a terror plot involving several sites across the country.

</doc>
<doc id="18444310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444310" title="Nishi-Toyama Station">
Nishi-Toyama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18444322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444322" title="Roman Mysteries (TV series)">
Roman Mysteries (TV series)

Roman Mysteries is a television series based on the series of children's historical novels by Caroline Lawrence. It is reportedly the most expensive British children's TV series to date at £1 million per hour.
The series began filming in June 2006 and was first broadcast from 8 May 2007. The series is divided into "scrolls", each based on one book, starting with "The Secrets of Vesuvius". The stories are told in the same order as the book series, except for book 6, "The Twelve Tasks of Flavia Gemina", which is transposed to the second season. Books 11 and 12 were not adapted, and the series ends with the adaptation of Book 13. Each scroll consists of two half-hour episodes. The first scroll guest-starred Simon Callow as Pliny the Elder. 
On 22 May 2007, after just two episodes, Anne Foy announced on CBBC on BBC One that the show has been postponed due to recent events in the news and would return later in the year on CBBC on BBC One. Since "The Pirates of Pompeii" was about children being kidnapped, the postponement was most likely due to the then recent disappearance of Madeleine McCann. On 19 June the series began broadcasting again from the beginning. 
Filming for the second season began on 13 August 2007. The episodes are based on the novels "The Gladiators from Capua", "The Twelve Tasks of Flavia Gemina", "The Colossus of Rhodes", "The Fugitive from Corinth" and "The Slave-girl from Jerusalem".
The series has been sold around the world including Australia, Finland, Germany, New Zealand, Spain, Sweden, the USA and Ireland. The second season aired first in Australia. Both seasons are now out on DVD.
Reception.
"Roman Mysteries is a tremendous way for younger viewers to learn about ancient history. Set in the Roman Empire in AD79, it is based on a series of novels by Caroline Lawrence that have sold more than a million copies worldwide. It isn't hard to see why - they graft child-friendly adventure on to careful research, and the same care has been taken to transfer them faithfully to the screen with the help of a strong cast and healthy-looking budget. The first episode this afternoon gives a vivid sense of gladiatorial combat, without the risk of children waking up in the middle of the night screaming." 

</doc>
<doc id="18444325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444325" title="Berry Town">
Berry Town

Berry Town is a series of children's books, written by Stephen R. Johnson and illustrated by David Leonard.
Published in the UK in 2008, by T.H. Publishing, the books tell the stories of a community of berry people, each of whom is named after a berry type.
As part of Berry-Town's work towards promoting children and sports, Berry-Town.com are also the official 2009/10 sponsors of Senrab F.C.
Geography.
Berry Town consists of four main streets, simply called North Street, East Street, South Street and West Street. It is thought this idea came from the author's home village, of Rochford, which has the same four streets.
The town has a loch, a post office, a school, a butcher's shop, a bakery, a police station, and a woodland. The town is bordered by mountains to the North.
List of Main Characters.
In addition to appearing in their own books, many of the above also make cameo appearances in other Berry Town books.
Other characters.
These characters appear in the series, but have no storybook of their own.
Book Titles.
The book titles always include the name of the main character, and are as follows:
Places.
There may be further places in Berry Town, but in the current set of books the following places are mentioned.
North Street
East Street
South Street
West Street
Printings.
The first print run of "Mrs Straw and the Hungry Bee" has only 50 copies printed by Forward Press, which is stated in the Verso, however, the publisher changed printers for all following copies of all the other books.
The first print run of "Sgt. Blue and the Case of the Stolen Sausages" mistakenly refers to Mr. Black as Mr. Rasp on two separate pages.

</doc>
<doc id="18444326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444326" title="Wanfang Community Station">
Wanfang Community Station

Wanfang Community Station is a station on the Wenshan Line of the Taipei Metro, located in Wenshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
Station overview.
The station is elevated, has two side platforms, and has a single exit. It is located on the south side of Wanfang Rd., close to its intersection with Wanhe Rd.

</doc>
<doc id="18444354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444354" title="Muzha Station">
Muzha Station

Muzha Station is a station on the Wenshan Line of the Taipei Metro, located in Wenshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
Station overview.
This elevated station has two side platforms and a single exit. It is located between Muzha Rd. and Wanfang Rd., close to the intersection of Muzha Rd. and Jungong Rd.

</doc>
<doc id="18444380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444380" title="Nottingham Racecourse railway station">
Nottingham Racecourse railway station

Nottingham Racecourse railway station was a station opened by the Great Northern Railway to serve Nottingham Racecourse in Nottingham, England.
History.
The Racecourse station was located on the extension built in 1857, when opened its own terminus at London Road, due to continuing problems with sharing the Midland Railway's Carrington Street station. The Great Northern took over the line from Grantham from the Ambergate, Nottingham, Boston and Eastern Junction Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18444391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444391" title="Cairo Forces Parliament">
Cairo Forces Parliament

The Cairo Forces Parliament was a meeting of British soldiers in Cairo, Egypt in February 1944 which voted for the nationalisation of banks, land, mines, and transport in the United Kingdom. Among those that took part was Leo Abse who later became an MP.
Similar parliaments also took place within the British Army in this period of the war. In the British Army in India such parliaments existed briefly at both Mhow and Deolaili, and perhaps others. The Mhow parliament took place six months after the Cairo parliament, with 70-100 members and official blessing, although was soon shut down from above. The original structure of the Mhow parliament had a government and left wing opposition, but due to a larger number of left-wingers in the parliament the government dissolved and was replaced by the left party, with a centre and right opposition parties.

</doc>
<doc id="18444419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444419" title="Tonca">
Tonca

Tonca is a neighbourhood in Panaji, capital of the state of Goa, India.

</doc>
<doc id="18444430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444430" title="Apameini">
Apameini

The Apameini are a mid-sized tribe of moths in the Hadeninae subfamily.

</doc>
<doc id="18444432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444432" title="Henry James FitzRoy, Earl of Euston">
Henry James FitzRoy, Earl of Euston

Henry James FitzRoy, Earl of Euston DL (28 November 1848 – 10 May 1912) was the eldest son and heir apparent of Augustus FitzRoy, 7th Duke of Grafton.
Euston married Kate Walsh, daughter of John Walsh, on 29 May 1871 at St. Michael's Church, Worcester. His wife died in 1903, nine years before him. They had no children. Euston was appointed a deputy lieutenant of Northamptonshire in 1907. He died at Wakefield Lodge, Potterspury, Northamptonshire, six years before his father, and so never inherited his father's lands and titles. His younger brother, Alfred, became the 8th Duke of Grafton.
Euston was embroiled in the Cleveland Street scandal when he was accused of visiting a male brothel at 19 Cleveland Street in London by "The North London Press", an obscure radical weekly newspaper. Euston sued for libel. At the trial Euston admitted that when walking along Piccadilly he had been given a card by a tout which read ""Poses plastiques". C. Hammond, 19 Cleveland Street". Euston testified that he went along to the house, believing "Poses plastiques" to mean a display of female nudes. He paid a sovereign to get in. On entry, Euston said he was appalled to discover the "improper" nature of the place and immediately left. The defence witnesses contradicted each other, and could not describe Euston accurately. The final defence witness, John Saul, was a male prostitute who admitted to earning his living by leading an "immoral life" and "practising criminality". The jury did not believe the defence witnesses and found in favour of Euston. H. Montgomery Hyde, an eminent historian of homosexuality, later wrote that there was little doubt that Euston was telling the truth and only visited 19 Cleveland Street once because he was misled by the card.
Robert Cliburn, a young man who specialized in blackmailing older homosexual men, told Oscar Wilde that Euston was one of his victims.

</doc>
<doc id="18444434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444434" title="Addicted Romantic">
Addicted Romantic

Addicted Romantic is the debut studio album by Australian indie rock band Faker. Record label Capitol Records released the album on 13 June 2005. Four singles were released from the album; "Quarter to Three", "The Familiar"/"Enough", "Love for Sale", and "Hurricane". Of these, "Hurricane" was the most successful; it reached number 21 on the Triple J Hottest 100, 2005. The album spent one week on the ARIA Albums Chart at number 44, on 26 June 2005.
The album was recorded by Faker with Lindsay Gravina, of Magic Dirt fame, at Melbourne's Birdland Studios. The inspiration for "Enough", the first song written from the album, came to lead singer Nathan Hudson from a Patti Smith song in 1997. Eight years later, the band worked with Gravina to produce "the winning sound" on the album. He said the biggest challenge in recording was objectivity; choosing which songs to use, as well as improving their studio recording technique. Hudson told Australian Music Online that the band wanted people to "draw from their own experiences" when listening to "Addicted Romantic", which they hoped contained music people would relate to. "The Age"s Andrew Murfett said the album was influenced by Joy Division, The Cure, The Smiths, and Echo & the Bunnymen, while Guy Blackman drew comparisons to Franz Ferdinand and Bloc Party.
Triple J's review of the album called it "a dapper slice of post-mod power pop". "The Courier Mail" said it featured "love-struck schoolboy lyrics and passion", and "The Advertiser" called it the best Australian album of 2005, praising "urgent vocals and angular guitars". Guy Blackman of "The Age" called the Hudson's vocals "unashamedly accented" but said it was "almost refreshing to hear an Australian sing in a thick British brogue rather than the usual faux-American twang".
Following the release of "Addicted Romantic", Faker toured around Australia, supporting New York band The Bravery. The concert saw them "blow... Bravery off stage" according to "The Courier Mail"s Patrick Lion.
Personnel.
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="18444445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444445" title="Mengzhou">
Mengzhou

Mengzhou () is a County-level city in Henan province, People's Republic of China. It is administered by the prefecture-level city Jiaozuo. Its population in 1999 stood at 341,190.
Economy.
Mengzhou's main industries are machinery manufacturing, fur processing, food processing, and chemical production. The city's GDP in 2006 was 8.68 billion yuan (1.09 billion USD).

</doc>
<doc id="18444447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444447" title="Swarland Old Hall">
Swarland Old Hall

Swarland Old Hall is a small 17th-century country house at Swarland, Northumberland, England. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The Manor of Swarland was owned from before the time of the Norman Conquest by the de Haslerigg family. The house which has a four-bay south front and two storeys with attics was built in the late 17th century and incorporates fabric of earlier properties. The east front is notable for its castellated full height screen wall with three blind Gothic arches.
A railed monument nearby (Grade II listed) records the death of William Haslerigg in 1681. His brother and heir was High Sheriff of Northumberland in 1698.
The estate was acquired by Richard Grieve in 1741. His son Davison Richard Grieve (High Sheriff of Northumberland in 1788) engaged architect John Carr to build a new mansion (Swarland Hall) nearby. The new house, later the home of Alexander Davison was demolished in the 1930s.
The old hall passed through many owners. It is currently offered by its present owners as self-catering holiday accommodation.

</doc>
<doc id="18444453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444453" title="Nazlat 'Isa">
Nazlat 'Isa

Nazlat 'Isa () is a Palestinian village in the Tulkarm Governorate in the western West Bank, located 17 kilometers North of Tulkarm. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, Nazlat 'Isa had a population of approximately 2,502 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. 8.7% of the population of Nazlat 'Isa were refugees in 1997. The healthcare facilities for Nazlat 'Isa are designated as MOH level 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18444471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444471" title="Frédéric-Louis Colin">
Frédéric-Louis Colin

Frédéric-Louis Colin (1835 in Bourges, France – 27 November 1902, in Montreal) was a French-Canadian Sulpician priest. Much involved in higher education, he was also superior in Canada of his order from 1881 to his death.
Life.
After pursuing a course of scientific studies, he entered the Seminary of Saint-Sulpice at Paris, where he was ordained priest in 1859. Transferred to Canada in 1862, he at first took up parochial work; later he became successively professor of theology and director of the higher seminary at Montreal.
For twenty years Father Colin was the promoter in Montreal of higher education for the clergy and laity. For the clergy he founded the Canadian College at Rome (1885), intended to enable young Canadian priests to pursue a higher course of ecclesiastical studies by attending the Roman universities; besides this he established the seminary of philosophy at Montreal (1892).
Colin established Laval University, despite many obstacles. With Ferdinand Brunetière he advocated the erection of a chair of French literature to be occupied by a lecturer from France, and he himself defrayed the costs. This was an early example of the way French and Belgian specialists have been brought into French-Canadian higher education. 
Works.
Many of his sermons were printed; among them are one to the papal zouaves returning from Rome (1871), and a funeral oration on Mgr. Bourget (1885). 

</doc>
<doc id="18444478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444478" title="Caradrinini">
Caradrinini

The Caradrinini are a mid-sized tribe of moths in the Hadeninae subfamily.

</doc>
<doc id="18444482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444482" title="Bromley Stop Lock">
Bromley Stop Lock

The Bromley Stop Lock, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, was a single-gate lock that could be closed to cut off a section of canal for maintenance. The lock gate was situated near the junction of Limehouse Cut and the River Lee Navigation, by Bow Locks. The gate would normally sit in a slot on the southern bank of the canal and only be used when needed.
Stop locks were initially installed where there was a change of canal ownership to prevent the loss of water from one canal to another. Bow Locks were originally tidal, i.e. not a falling lock. They would be opened at high tide to fill the Limehouse Cut and to maintain navigation in the River Lee Navigation. This gate could be closed should anything go wrong with the process to maintain the level of the Cut, at the level in Limehouse Basin.
Today, the gate is redundant and very little of it remains within a patch of weeds, behind the modern floating tow-path. The far bank has been reconstructed and there is little indication of the size of this predominantly wooden gate.
Public access.
Pedestrian and cycle access via the towpath which forms part of the Lea Valley Walk
Public transport.
The nearest Docklands Light Railway station is Devons Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18444483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444483" title="Daniel Delgado">
Daniel Delgado

Daniel Delgado Diamante is a Panamanian politician, who served as Minister of the Interior and Justice from 31 August 2007 until October 2008, after he was promoted from Chief of Customs.
He was previously a Lieutenant Colonel in the Panama Defense Forces and part of the military dictatorship of Manuel Noriega, but was decommissioned when the PDF was dissolved following the United States invasion in 1989.
In July 2008, Delgado announced the government would deny a U.S. military base in Panama, citing the nations' prior history.
He was accused in October 2008 of killing Corporal Andrés García on February 8, 1970, for refusing to follow an order given by Delgado.

</doc>
<doc id="18444484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444484" title="Uyō-Gakuen College">
Uyō-Gakuen College


</doc>
<doc id="18444491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444491" title="Eriopygini">
Eriopygini

The Eriopygini are a small-sized tribe of moths in the Hadeninae subfamily.

</doc>
<doc id="18444500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444500" title="Taleigão">
Taleigão

Taleigão or Taliegão ( "Tallganv," pronounced ) is a town in Ilhas, Goa, near the capital city Panjim.
Description.
Taleigão (Taliegao) is a developed village in Ilhas de Goa bordered by the Arabian Sea to the west, vast tracts of fields to the east, Odxel-Vaiguinim-Dona Paula to the south and Santa Inez-Bhatlem to the north. Located just five kilometres from Panjim, Taleigão was the granary of the north Goa during the Portuguese era, as vast tracts of agricultural land were under rice cultivation. The essence of Taleigão lies in its marvellous expanses of palm – fringed beaches, the bright green paddy fields and Nagalli hill, antique houses and mansions, broad roads, foot paths, antique church, traffic circles beautified with azulejo titles, chapels and temples, educational institutions, hotels and of course its friendly and fun loving inhabitants. The population is mixed with lot of settlers from other parts of Goa and outside Goa, especially on the Dona Paula Plateau and elsewhere. The original inhabitants are Gawda tribes who were (and still some of their descendants) involved in cultivation of the Comunidade land.
Religious Institutions.
Church of São Miguel Arcanjo.
The Igreja de São Miguel Arcanjo (Church of St Michael the Archangel) is one of the oldest churches in Goa which was built by the Dominicans in 1544. It is also the only church in the town, serving one of the largest parishes in Goa. The Chapel of Blessed Sacrament was annexed in 2006 during the tenure of Fr. Carmo Martins. The present parish priest, Fr. Conceiçao D’Silva, who took charge of the church in June 2011, took the initiatives to give a facelift to the church and renovate the parochial house and church office. The beautiful compound wall fitted with azulejo tiles bordering the Adro da Igreja de São Miguel and the illumination around it were added by Atanasio Monserrate. The Taleigão parish celebrates the harvest feast with pomp and gaiety on 21 August, and the feast of the patron on the nearest Sunday on or after 29 September.
Chapels in Taleigão.
Taleigão also has at least twelve chapels and a number of road-side crosses some of which have been sheltered in the recent past. The oldest chapel was built by Franciscans in 1541 at Cabo. It is dedicated to "Nossa Senhora Mãe de Deus". It houses some exquisite artefacts including a 17th-century portrait of the infant Jesus made of ivory. St. Pedro Copel, also known as Ruzai Saibinichem Copel ("Nossa Senhora do Rosário") at Caranzalem was built in the year 1731 by Cónego Francisco da Cunha Souto Maior. St. Francis Xavier’s Chapel at Kerant originally known as "Copela de San Francisco Xavier de Taleigão" was built in 1928. It was blessed on 10 October 1930 by the then Bishop of Cochin and Administrator Apostolate, and the first mass was celebrated on 12 October 1930. It was enlarged in 1935 and renovated in 2002. Just 100 meters from this chapel is "Nossa Senhora da Piedade" which was constructed in November 1846 in Eugenio ward. Another oldest chapel at Odxel dedicated to "Nossa Senhora de Lourdes" was constructed by Querobino Martins de Taleigão in November 1891. The chapel of "Nossa Senhora do Perpétuo Socorro" at Dona Paula was built in September 1935.
Temples.
There are about fifteen temples; the oldest ones being Shree Tulsimata Pandurang Sansthan at Vodlem Bhat and Shree Shankar Devasthan at Shankarwadi which were enlarged from Gumti structure which existed during the Portuguese era. Amongst the others, the most unique ones are Shree Satteri Ashram Trust Prasana at Aivao and Shri. Mahalaxmi Devasthan at Oitalem. Both these temples have a Cross inside the temple and candles are lit every night by our Hindu Brethren and Litanies are held occasionally with the help of the catholic community.
Mosques.
Taleigão has a mixed population of slightly over 17,000. The Catholics population is more than 12,000 followed closely by our Hindu Brethren and the Muslims. I came across two Masjids in this village one at Vodlem Bhat and other at Adarsh. The unique feature of this village is that the people of different faiths live in communal harmony.
Feasts.
Konsanche fest of Taleigão (Harvest feast).
In the entire Ilhas de Goa, the Taleigão village was officially accorded the privilege by the then Portuguese Governor Afonso de Albuquerque to cut the first sheaves of corn and present it to the benevolent Creator on 21 August. Traditionally, the harvest feast is celebrated with enthralling music of brass bands, colourful ceremonial umbrella, cannon fire, procession and high mass at São Miguel Arcanjo church. This thanks giving ceremony commemorates the "Festa da Espiga" or "Novidade"– a time for rejoicing and worship for the cultivators, as a gratitude to the Almighty for the bountiful crop he has gracefully bestowed.
History of the Novidade.
The "Novidade" has a history of nearly 500 years dating back to the arrival of Portuguese in India in 1510. The King of Portugal Dom Manuel-I wanted Portugal to become a major player in maritime trade with Asian countries by establishing sea ports ("feitorias") for trading spices. The King deputed Admiral Alfonso de Albuquerque to conquer Hormuz, Aden and Malacca. However, Alfonso de Albuquerque received an invitation from an exiled Hindu admiral from Goa, Thimayya who had received appeals from Hindu population in Goa to relieve them from Muslim rule. Goa was a great and prosperous trading port on the Indian coast which was ruled by Sultan Ismail Adil Shah of Bijapur under the Ottoman Empire of Persia. Alfonso de Albuquerque seized this opportunity and reached Goa in February 1510 with a powerful fleet of twenty three ships and 1200 soldiers. The assault on the Muslim troops took place from March 4 to May 20, 1510, but the Portuguese were temporally defeated. With the monsoon setting in, the warfare logistics became difficult due to high waves in the Aguada Bay. The Portuguese fleet could not leave the Mandovi river as the exit route was blocked by the sand bar formed at the entrance of Aguada Bay. So the troops got stranded and were forced to take shelter on the rafters at the edge of the Mandovi river at Britona. It was a thick forest area with no inhabitants in those days. As days went by the troops ran out of provisions and had to survive on rats. The fishermen from Taleigão who ventured into the river learnt the plight of the Portuguese troops and they informed the people of Taleigão. The Taleigão Gauncars who cultivated fields and had stock of food grains took the initiative of supplying provisions to the troops at the dead of the night by risking their lives from the Muslim troops and inclement weather. They would load the provisions on bullock carts and transport them towards Aivão (a small fishing hamlet in Caranzalem), where the fishermen used to anchor their canoes. After unloading the same in the canoes they would sail with the aid of an oil lamp towards Britona at the dead of the night. In those days, Panjim (Pangim), which was a ward of Taleigão, was originally a small fishing village with lots of coconut groves between creeks and fields. The only structure in Panjim was Adil Shah’s summer palace which was surrounded by a moat. After three months of waiting, Alfonso de Albuquerque was joined by more reinforcements led by Diogo Mendes de Vasconcelos from Malacca. After fighting for less than a day, they captured Goa from the Muslim ruler on November 25, 1510.
Alfonso de Albuquerque was appointed Governor of Portuguese India by King of Portugal, Dom Manuel-I. He gradually elevated Goa to a political and commercial capital of Portuguese India. In the memory of the conquest of Goa, Alfonso de Albuquerque build a chapel dedicated to St. Catherine at Old Goa which was enlarged into a big church which is now known as Sé Cathedral. In recognition to the help rendered by the people of Taleigão, by offering food provisions to his troops, Alfonso de Albuquerque granted them the privilege to cut the first sheaves of corn on 21 August, prior to other villages in Ilhas. The decree that was issued to this effect on 16 September 1526 is referred to as "Flora de Alfonso Mexia".
Alfonso de Albuquerque strengthened the foundation of the existing agricultural association and named it as a Comunidade. He introduced rules and regulation ("Código de Comunidades") which empowered them with administrative, financial and judicial powers. He took the initiative in appointing managing committees of Gauncars to administer and monitor the distribution of agricultural land (aforamento & shares) and collection of revenue from the agricultural produce, which was used for the welfare of village community and paying dividends (zonos). As a result of these reforms and transparency in the system, the Comunidade of Taleigão prospered economically from the rice cultivation on vast tracts of land and earned the distinction of being the granary of Ilhas de Goa. As a tradition, on 24 August the President of the feast and the representatives of gauncars present the first sheaves of corn to the Governor who is the custodian of Comunidade land. As a part of the Hindu culture, the then Gauncars who were Hindus worshipped the first fruits of nature and sought blessings from the village deity. After embracing Christianity, the Gauncars continued these traditions with Eucharistic celebration in church and worshipped the patron of the village- São Miguel Arcanjo. This explains why the Comunidade Gauncars have the privilege of celebrating the "Festa da Espiga" and the feast of patron São Miguel Arcanjo.
Traditions of the Novidade.
Taleigão is the only village in Goa where the Novidade is celebrated traditionally for 4 days (21–24 August). The feast is celebrated in rotation among the Gauncar families in the following order: Mendonça, Viegas, Martins, Luis, Gomes, Faria, Almeida, Falcão, and Abreu.
21 August: Cannons (fosné) are fired at noon and during the pealing of the Angelus bell on the previous day to convey to the neighbouring villages that Taleigão is all set to celebrate the "Novidade". On 21 August, the "Alvarado de Música" played at dawn in the village lanes heralds the celebration and sets the village folk into festive mood. At 8:30 am, President of the feast marches under the cover of a colourful ceremonial umbrella to the São Miguel Arcanjo church to the beats of brass band. From the church the parishioners proceed in a procession to the field at Tolliant earmarked by the Comunidade for cutting of the sheaves. In 90’s the procession used to be led by dhol caxia (drum)and a trumpet, followed by "Adao" representing the village tribes dressed in colourful costumes and dancing with bamboo sticks and swords. They are followed by flag of holy trinity (previously it was Portuguese flag)and the parishioners, the Confrades carrying the statue of the patron São Miguel Arcanjo on Charol, the feast President, the Parish priest, and the brass band playing religious tunes. The procession proceeds along the "Estrada de Santos Passos" which joins to "Rua de Novidade". This 1 km long route is traditionally decorated with 24 arches of bamboo shoots. After a short prayer, the Parish priest blesses the sheaves by sprinkling holy water and burning incense. Then the feast President cuts the sheaves with a silver sickle and carries them in a silver tray to the church. While returning to the church, prayers and sheaves are also offered at the São Miguel Arcanjo chapel en route. High mass is celebrated at the church at 10:00 am. After the mass, the parishioners participate in the "Quermés" (games) organised by the parish youth, with the background music of brass band. In the afternoon, coconut breaking competitions are held at every nook and corner of the village and the football finals of Säo Miguel trophy is organised at Dr. Alvaro Remigio Pinto ground by the "Clube de Säo Miguel de Taleigão". In tune with Goan cultural traditions, the day ends with a Tiatr in the late evening.
22 August: With the boom of cannons in the background and accompanied by the traditional band, the feast President sets out to distribute fov (beaten rice) to nine Gauncar families living in different wards of the village. In tune with the Christian teachings, this act of distributing beaten rice represents sharing of joy and happiness of the rich harvest.
23 August: At 4:00 pm, the President of the feast accompanied by traditional band and the boom of canons proceeds to the church and offers fov at the altar of São Miguel Arcanjo. After prayers by the Parish priest, fov are presented to him at the parochial house. This act shows the Act of sharing of joy with the Parish Priest.
24 August: The male representatives of the nine Gauncar families and three members of the Comunidade managing committee carry the blessed sheaves, fov, and flower bouquet to Sé Cathedral, Old Goa, which was the capital of Goa until the 18th century and the Sé Cathedral was the main church. The group is received at the church entrance by the Parish Priest of Sé Cathedral with the pealing of the golden bell and playing of the traditional band in the background. A special mass is celebrated on the occasion which is also attended by devotees residing around Old Goa. The blessed sheaves are then distributed by the priest during the mass. After the mass, fov are also distributed by the President of the feast to the congregation and the resident priests. Later, the group presents fov and sheaves to the Archbishop at Paço Patriarcal and to the Governor of Goa at Raj Bhavan. At Raj Bhavan, the feast President reads out a short speech highlighting the various difficulties faced by villagers in cultivating the fields, drainage system, etc. In the afternoon the group is treated to a sumptuous lunch consisting of twelve dishes at the feast President’s residence, with a boom of cannons in the background. It is customary to play a game of cards for entertainment.
The traditions of Novidade revive the bond of friendship between the families under the tutelage of the "Comunidade de Taleigão" and blessings of the patron São Miguel Arcanjo.
Landmarks.
Prominent landmarks in Taleigão include São Miguel Church, which was established in 1544 by the order of preachers called Dominicans and is currently one of Goa's oldest churches. Taleigão hosts one of the finest football grounds in Goa - the Dr. Remigio Pinto Football Ground and the best all season spacious Community Hall which caters to weddings, social functions, trade fairs, etc.
Educational institutions.
Taleigão plateau hosts the main hub of higher education- the Goa University. There is a higher secondary school at Dona Paula and a number of high schools, middle schools, primary schools, and pre-primary schools in Taleigão catering to the educational needs of the children. Don Bosco at Odxel run by Salesians caters to the all round development of the children from the weaker sections of the society. The Bookworm Library situated behind the church is a knowledge bank of our youngsters and meets the increasing demands of the readers. The National Institute of Oceanography at Dona Paula is one of the pioneer centres for oceanographic research in India.
Playgrounds.
Football is in the blood of Taleigãokars. The church square (adró) served as main playground where most of the village lads practiced football under the mentorship of Dr. Alvaro Remegio Pinto. Thereafter many of them, including Brahmanand Sankhwalkar, brought laurels to Taleigão by playing for professional football clubs and winning national tournaments. The Portuguese constructed the first playground at Borchem Bhat which was handed over to a club known as Grupo Desportivo de Caranzalem to encourage football in Taleigão. Dr. Alvaro Remegio Pinto was instrumental in organising football tournaments at the church square (adró). As a memory of his contribution to the football, the playground besides the Community hall bears his name. inundation
Parks.
Taleigão has been beautified with number of parks which has also become a place of entertainment for the children. The biggest park in Taleigão is the jogger’s park at Caranzalem on the Miramar – Dona Paula road. The park and play ground next to the Dr. Remigio Pinto ground is also crowded with children. The parks at Durgawadi, Posrem Bhat, Nagali, Alto Nagali and landscape garden at Dona Paula are also worth mentioning.
Beaches.
Taleigão is blessed with beautiful beaches which are well connected with roads. The beach at Odxel, Vainguinim, Dona Paula, Aivao, and Caranzalem are known as picnic spots since decades. People from far off places like Old Goa, St. Estevam and Ponda still come to these beaches in summer vacation for bathing to improve their health. The Aivao-Caranzalem bay is known for fishing activity. In the Portuguese era, the canoes used to land here with a large catch of fish including mackerel and sardines. These were salted and dried on the sand, while the excess catch was auctioned. Locals and farmers from far off places like Merces used it as manure for agriculture and horticulture.
Hillock of Dona Paula.
This place is named after Dona Paula Amaral Antonio de Souto. Dona is a title given to married noble woman under Portuguese customs. She was the daughter of Portuguese Viceroy in Sri Lanka who along with her family arrived in Goa 1644. She married Dom Antonio Souto Maior, a wealthy Fidalgo in 1656, who owned large properties extending from Cabo to Caranzalem. She was known for charity and worked for betterment of the villagers. After her death in December 1682, as a gratitude to her kindness the villagers renamed the place as Dona Paula, which was originally called Oddavell. The statues of philosopher couple Mr and Mrs. Robert Knox which were carved by Dutch sculptress Baroness Yrse Von Leistner are seen atop the rock. One gets a splendid view of the Arabian Sea and the landscape from the hillock. The jetty which is used for navigation has been renovated and the route has been paved and illuminated recently. The water sports facilities in the vicinity also attract tourists. A large part of Hindi movie Ek Duuje ke Liye was shot here, which popularised the place further.
Casa do Povo de Taleigão.
It was the community hall which was built and inaugurated by the last Portuguese Governor of Goa, General Vassalo de Silva on 21 August 1961. It houses a hall with stage, and offices of the Comunidade de Taleigão and Club de São Miguel de Taleigão. Tiatrs used to be held in the hall on the occasion of church feast. Wedding receptions were also held in olden days.
Taleigão Community Hall.
One of the attractions of the village is the impressive, spacious and ultra-modern community hall. This all-season hall is famous for marriage receptions, international and national meetings, social gatherings, parties, etc. The interiors, illumination, outdoor stage and spacious parking are some features that attract the people from all over Goa to organise various social and cultural events. The basement houses the office of the village Panchayat.
Antique houses.
There are many Portuguese-style antique houses in Taleigão. Santissimo ward - the house of Mulgaonkar (vodlem ghor) at Voilem Bhat, the double storied house of Dr. Remegio Pinto, Jose Martins house (currently occupied by Asha Mahal), Jervasio Viegas house (behind the church), and Almeida house (opposite Cidade Haven); Oietalem- Viegas house (Las Viegas); Bodiem- houses of Mendonça and Prof. Carlos Viegas (taken over by Shirodkar family); the house of Fernando Martins at Martins Morod; Kerant - Villa Zacarias, Raposo house, Vas house (opposite the rice mill), and Keni house at Adarsh; Caranzalem- Vivenda Prazaires (opposite Auxilium high school) and Casa Decha are some of the antique houses that have still retained their old architectural style, antique furniture, and ambience.
Cabo Raj Nivas.
This 16th century structure was originally a convent built by Franciscans. Given its strategic location, it was later fortified to act as a sentinel over the confluence of the Zuari and Mandovi rivers. It was later converted into a palace where the Portuguese Viceroys and Governor Generals resided. Now it is the residence of His Excellency, the Governor of Goa. The palace has a sumptuous Darbar hall, spacious verandahs with magnificent view of the Arabian Sea, Bohemian glass chandeliers, Chinese porcelain, antique tableware, assorted paintings and a spacious garden. The Capela de Nossa Senhora Mae de Deus is annexed to the Raj Bhavan, whose feast is celebrated on 15 August with solemnity. The zig-zag steps leads to a grotto with a rock-carved altar dedicated to 4th-century saint - Santa Paula. There is also a small museum that displays replicas of sculpture of Hindu gods dating back to 11th century and beyond, besides some Christian icon and figurines.
British Cemetery.
It was in the 18th century that the British garrison led by Sir William Clarke entered Goa on the pretext of protecting Goa from the French invasion. They were stationed at Cabo (Dona Paula), Fort Aguada and Fort Mormugao. They stayed at Marivel from 1799 and 1813. They built a cemetery in the neighborhood of Cabo Raj Niwas to bury the dead soldiers. It has an ornate semi-circular archway that leads to graves and memorial stones.
Statue of Jack de Sequeira.
The 9-metre bronze statue of João Hugo Eduardo de Sequeira, popularly known as Dr. Jack de Sequeira, was unveiled on 20 April 2007 at Dona Paula circle. It is a tribute to the great leader who demanded Opinion Poll in the first Goa Legislative Assembly to retain Goa’s identity. In the run up to the Opinion Poll, he traveled extensively to different parts of Goa and Mumbai to create awareness among Goans of the dangers of merging Goa with Maharashtra. For his tireless efforts which led to the rejection of the merger, he is called the father of Opinion Poll.
Occupation of Taleigãokars.
Traditionally, agriculture and horticulture was the main occupation of the villagers. Taleigão is blessed with vast tracts of land where rice is used to be cultivated during monsoon and vegetables were grown in summer. The flat portion on the hill tops were utilised to grow lady fingers, raggi, snake gourd, ridge gourd, etc., in monsoon season. Taleigão’s tambdi bhaji, sweet potatoes, brinjals, chillies, bottle gourd, etc., are famous for their taste all over Tiswadi taluka. Since the last decade, farming is on decline because of high labour costs, flooding of the fields in monsoon due to non-maintenance of water channels, youth taking up different jobs, migration of families to other countries, etc. Concrete structures have taken over the agricultural land in Taleigão which has transformed the village into an urban settlement. The Progressive Farmer’s Club of Taleigão has taken initiatives to revive agriculture by availing government schemes. The influx of migrants have had a tremendous impact on the culture and traditions of the villagers.

</doc>
<doc id="18444512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444512" title="Caranzalem">
Caranzalem

Caranzalem is a place in Goa in India, near the capital Panaji.

</doc>
<doc id="18444520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444520" title="Alwarthirunagar">
Alwarthirunagar

Alwarthirunagar is an urban locality in Chennai, the capital city of Tamil Nadu, India. The word "nagar" refers to a settlement in sanskrit. The suburb was developed by the City Lando Corporation in the late 1960s. With the opening of schools and shopping centres, Alwarthirunagar emerged as a service centre in Chennai's west. Twenty acres of forestation in the area acts against pollution. The area is traversed by state road number 113.
Neighbourhoods.
Ramakrishna Nagar.
Ramakrishna Nagar is located in the centre of Alwarthirunagar. There, a large recreation area, developed in the 1980s, is used for playing cricket. However, in 2008, new constructions encroached on the area and flooding is a common problem during the rainy season.
Velan Nagar.
Velan Nagar is approximately 1 km from the Alwarthirunagar bus stop and about 800 m from the Lamech bus stop. During the late 1980s, Velan nagar was affected by stagnating water during the rainy season. By the 1990s, the area had developed into a very large residential area, decreasing the number of parks and making cycling more difficult. There is a Banyan tree that is considered holy. The Ganesh temple in Velan Nagar has been renovated.
Central business district.
The main commercial district is on Arcot road. There is a multi brand superstore, grocery stores, fast food outlets, a bakery and a library. There is also a Panchayat Union dispensary.
Banks.
Several banks are located on or near Arcot road.

</doc>
<doc id="18444525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444525" title="Xylenini">
Xylenini

The Xylenini are a mid-sized tribe of moths in the Hadeninae subfamily. There is some dispute about this tribe. Some resources have these genera listed under subfamily Cuculliinae instead, or upranked them to a distinct subfamily Xyleninae.

</doc>
<doc id="18444545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444545" title="Tohoku Bunkyo Junior College">
Tohoku Bunkyo Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18444549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444549" title="East Bowral, New South Wales">
East Bowral, New South Wales

East Bowral is a gazetted locality and state suburb approximately east of the town of Bowral of the Southern Highlands, New South Wales, Australia.
Attractions.
The state suburb of East Bowral lies south of King Ranch and Highland drives, to the south of what is commonly understood to be East Bowral (and hence south of the location of both the East Bowral Community Centre and the locally reputable Scottish tavern known as the "Scottish Arms"). It has Scottish and many other foreign beers on draught.
At the 2011 census the residential population of the state suburb was reported as 1581. The 2006 population was reported as 2457 (as referred to below) but this was for an area with very different boundaries.
The historic Bong Bong Picnic Race Club's horse racetrack "Wyeera" is in East Bowral. Wyeera is a professional and modern racetrack with a clubhouse and its famous hill, "The Hill". The "Bong Bong Race Cup" is held every second Wednesday in November.
Wyeera is used as a venue for the Bowral Show, Opera in the Highlands and the Bowral Garden and Flower Festival.
East Bowral has parks and reserves throughout the suburb which also abut the Wingecarribee River.
It is home to the Southern Highlands Christian School.

</doc>
<doc id="18444553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444553" title="Cortébert (watch manufacturer)">
Cortébert (watch manufacturer)

Cortébert has a very poorly documented history. The brand name is currently owned by Italian watch manufacturer "Perseo", and production under the Cortébert brand name has stopped in the mid-1970s. Cortébert used to be one of the highest regarded premium watch brands, manufacturing their own movements, supplying movements to other brands such as Rolex and introducing the jump-hour arrangement. When the quartz crisis hit the industry in the '70s, the majority of prestige brands ceased production including Cortébert. Others have already been resurrected (Baume et Mercier admits, while most companies like to pretend their production was continuous) and today Cortébert is the only remaining brand that has potential to be restored to its historic status.
History.
Abraham-Louis Juillard opened his small watchmaking store in Cortébert village in Switzerland in 1790. This date is commonly used as the date of founding although the Cortébert brand name was only registered in 1855 using the bottony cross as a logo.
Cortébert went on to being one of the most desirable premium watchmakers, appreciated for their extensive range of own movements.
In the 1930s the company started distributing their Italian railroad watches through the Perseo brand, as the fascist Italy was rejective of foreign brand names.
By 1944 Cortébert had a lineup consisting of 20 different calibers and a range of special railway watches that became synonymous with the marque.
In the early 1970s Cortébert mysteriously blended into the Perseo brand name, not producing Cortébert watches anymore.
Today the brand is owned by Perseo, while Perseo is owned by a very small family business the Fernus Company. They still sell watches under the Perseo name but these are merely logo-printed promo watches with ETA, Valjoux or Venus movements.
Notable watches.
In the late 19th century Cortébert has obtained license for the famous jump-hour movement designed by Josef Pallweber. The very same movement was also used in some IWC models.
The early 1920s saw the development of the jump-hour into a wristwatch. Because it displayed the time with digits instead of rotating hands, it was the first digital wristwatch produced.
The rumor.
There is a widely spread rumor that "the Cortébert factory only employed Jewish workers, which made the brand particularly popular among the U.S. Jewish community".
Because there is no dedicated caretaker of the company's legacy, this statement has never been proved or disproved.

</doc>
<doc id="18444592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444592" title="Yonezawa Women's Junior College">
Yonezawa Women's Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18444593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444593" title="Viktor Losev">
Viktor Losev

Viktor Vasilyevich Losev (, born 25 January 1959 in Murom) is a retired Soviet and Russian football player and a current manager. He is currently an assistant coach with FC Ufa.
International career.
Losev made his debut for USSR on 29 August 1987 in a friendly against Yugoslavia. He also played in a UEFA Euro 1988 qualification match against France

</doc>
<doc id="18444610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444610" title="Nagarhalli Hills">
Nagarhalli Hills

The Nagarhalli Hills are a series of low-lying hills on the Dona Paula plateau near Panaji in Goa, India. The hills are a source of water for the St Inez Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="18444621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444621" title="Goa Medical College">
Goa Medical College

Goa Medical College (GMC) is a medical college and hospital in Goa, India. It was built during the Portuguese rule in 1842 as the Escola Médico-Cirúrgica de (Nova) Goa (Medical-Surgical School of Goa). It is one of the oldest medical colleges in Asia teaching medicine. JIPMER in 1823, Calcutta Medical College in 1835 and Stanley Medical College in 1838 are India's three older medical colleges. These were built by the erstwhile British Raj.
The college also has one of the oldest medical libraries, was set up in 1845.
Originally located in Panjim, the college was moved to Alto-Bambolim in 1993. 
The college has been under the Goa University since 1986 before which it was under the Bombay University. The Institute of Psychiatry and Human Behaviour (Bambolim), the TB and Chest Disease Hospital (St. Inez), The Rural Health and Training Centre (Mandur) and the Urban Health Centre (St. Cruz) form parts of the Establishment. The college is affiliated to Goa University, and offers the MBBS course, several MS and MD courses, and some super-specialisations. Goa Medical College (GMC) and Goa Dental College are located opposite each other on either side of the road connecting Panjim and Cortalim.

</doc>
<doc id="18444626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444626" title="Orthosiini">
Orthosiini

The Orthosiini are a mid-sized tribe of noctuid moths in the subfamily Hadeninae.
Genera include:

</doc>
<doc id="18444637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444637" title="Cardinal Howard">
Cardinal Howard

Cardinal Howard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18444639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444639" title="Heisei Ultra Seven">
Heisei Ultra Seven

The Heisei Ultra Seven series follows directly from the final episode of the original series, ignoring the M78 continuity altogether and establishing Ultra Seven as the only Ultra being to have arrived in this universe.
NTV Specials (1994).
This episode features cameos from members of the Science Patrol from Ultraman, namely Susumu Kurobe, Hiroko Sakurai and Masanari Nihei. The actor who plays Furuhashi also played Arashi in Ultraman.
This episode guests stars Hiroshi Tsuburaya, grandson of Eiji Tsuburaya.

</doc>
<doc id="18444640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444640" title="Wakayama Shin-Ai Women's Junior College">
Wakayama Shin-Ai Women's Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18444644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444644" title="Central Bank of Kosovo">
Central Bank of Kosovo

The Central Bank of the Republic of Kosovo (Albanian: "Banka Qendrore e Republikës së Kosovës") is the central bank of the Republic of Kosovo. It was founded in June 2008, the same year Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia, with the approval of "Law No. 03/L-074" on the "Central Bank of the Republic of Kosovo" by the Kosovo Assembly. Before being established as the Central Bank of Kosovo, it operated as the Central Banking Authority of Kosovo (Albanian: "Autoriteti Qendror Bankar i Kosovës"). The official currency in Kosovo is the euro, which has been adopted unilaterally in 2002; however, Kosovo is not a member of the Eurozone. The headquarters of the CBK are located in the capital of Kosovo, Pristina.
Mission and Values.
Mission.
The mission of the Central Bank of the Republic of Kosovo is “to safeguard financial and monetary stability, to provide for effective payment systems and the supply of cash, to provide economic advice to public entities, and to contribute to a long-term sustainable economic development of the Republic of Kosovo through financial market development.” It strives for “the highest level of excellence, competence, integrity, efficiency and transparency” in all areas of its operations and activities.
Strategic Vision.
The strategically defined vision of the Central Bank of the Republic of Kosovo is to contribute to the improvement of Kosovo's financial sector, and serve as a beneficial factor in Kosovo’s integration into the European Union.
Values.
The values are to be enhanced by the management and board of the Central Bank to influence its overall performance in all areas. They are meant to establish a basis for continual improvement, and as such, be reflected in all of the decision-making activities and operations undertaken within the organization.
Functions and Objectives.
The following are the objectives of the Central Bank of Kosovo, as listed in “Objectives,” Article 7, Chapter III of the "Law No. 03/L-209"
Legal Framework.
Law on the Central Bank of the Republic of Kosovo.
The "Law No. 03/L-074" on the Central Bank of the Republic of Kosovo says that the CBK is a fully authorized legal organization, which has the capacity to “enter into contracts, institute legal proceedings and be subject to such proceedings; and acquire, administer, hold and dispose movable and immovable property.” Its capital consists of an authorized budget of €30 million euro, which is controlled by the state and can be used only for its legal purposes. It is an administrative body which functions independently and under the full autonomy of its leading decision-making entities. The Central Bank of the Republic of Kosovo reports only to the Assembly of the Republic of Kosovo.
Tasks.
The main tasks of the Central Bank, as in Article 8 of the same chapter, include maintaining a stable financial system; regulate the financial institutions as specified by law; promote a safe payment system; maintain an appropriate supply of banknotes and coins within the country; hold and manage the international reserves; collect and produce statistics; work on achieving price stability; inform the Government about its activities; act as an economic and financial adviser/banker for the Government, et cetera.
International Reserve Management.
According to Article 15 of the LAW no. 03/L-209 of Central Bank of the Republic of Kosovo, one of the functions of CBK is to conduct transactions in international reserves and manage such reserves consistent with international best practices and subject to its objectives set forth in Article 7 of LAW no. 03/L-209, respecting security, liquidity and yield, in that order of priority.
The Central Bank may hold in its portfolio of international reserves any or all of the following assets:
Currency.
The currency, or the unit of account, that is used by the Central Bank and the national markets as a medium of exchange is the euro. The currency applied in the general as well as financial market is determined by the Constitutional authority, and the Central Bank single-handedly controls the issuance of banknotes and coins, with no other institution having that right. Furthermore, it manages the exchange of euro banknotes and coins, and the replacement of banknotes or coins that are visibly damaged by more than forty percent (40%) of their surface area. It also validates the process of reproducing banknotes and coins, and “the creation of any objects that by their design imitate any such banknote or coin” requires the approval from the Central Bank officials.
Licensing of Banks.
The CBK is also responsible for the licensing of banks in Kosovo. The following banks can be found under the current list.
Payment Systems.
The Banking and Payment Authorities of Kosovo (BPK) planned to establish an Interbank Payment System since November 2000. This idea was initially supported by the International Monetary Fond (IMF) through their professional payment consultants. The recommendations given were based on three development phases, which helped in creating the existing work plan. With the establishment of the Interbank Payments Advisory Committee (IPAC) under the patronage of the Central Bank of Kosovo with the participation of all the other commerce banks, the work continued on framing all the other operational policies on this subject.
Interbank Payment System has gone through three main phases.
First Phase.
Interbank Clearing System started to function on May 7, 2001. This phase was characterized with the manual exchange of payments, with settlements based on NET balance between debit and credit. In this way, the receiving bank account was credited and the debiting account was debited. At the start, since the number of payment was low, the registrations in account were done manually or on individual bases. This was reached with an agreement between the Interbank Clearing System (ICS) and other participating banks.
Another interesting fact regarding the first phase was the activity of the Interbank Payments Advisory Committee (IPAC). This committee was first composed of several banks like ProCredit Bank, NLB Prishtina, Bank for Business. Moreover, Economic Bank joined in June and, towards the end of 2001, Raiffeissen Bank, BKP, and KSB joined also. The committee’s obligation was to set the operating rules, the procedure, and standards for Interbank Clearing System. After a year, this committee worked toward Electronic Interbank Clearing System (EICS) which would make possible electronic exchange.
Second Phase.
The change into manual and semi-manual exchange led to other developments and transformations of the Electronic Interbank Clearing System (EICS). In 2002, the full transition to the electronic system was done. This was achieved in adherence to the necessary IT system and the consultations with KPMG-USAID.
The second phase was also categorized with another success, which was the transition to the Standard Numbering System of the Kosovo Banking Accounts. With the assistance of other member banks, this standard reached to be applied to all bank payment accounts that resulted into the increment of the efficiency of the payment system, and more possibilities for new reforms.
Another important event was the one on the 7th of September, 2004 when the chief of the American office also the director of USAID acknowledged the Central Bank of Kosovo as the owner of the Electronic Interbank Clearing System present in Kosovo.
Third Phase.
With the establishment of the EICS system in 2007, the payments delivery system between central and local institutions was highly improved. This eventually progressed into an interconnected framework of all banks in Kosovo. Direct Debit, as the Center’s newest instrument of payments was first introduced in January 2009, after the approval of the Central Bank’s Rule nr XXXI. The release for the general public has been made possible only in November, after the debit system was tested as a separate component in the Electronic Interbank Clearing System (EICS). The system was widely recognized by many banks, including ProCredit Bank, Raiffeissen Bank, NLB Prishtina, Bank for Business, Economic Bank, TEB and National Commercial Bank. The system’s efficiency has been increased, which indirectly added to the standards and capacity of the interbank system.
“Now every day the participants of the interbank payment system send more safely and efficiently about 15 thousand payments worth over 15 million Euros.”
The Development Strategy.
In 2009, the Central Bank of the Republic of Kosovo initiated many discussions on creating a long term strategy. The discussions were finalized and approved by the Governing Board of the Central Bank on September 11, 2009, which in collaboration with the commercial banks and World Bank has created an Interbank Payment Systems Directorate (IPSD) within its body, which has the aim to ensure that the development strategies for the financial sector in Kosovo will be met.
The 9 pillars in this development strategy for the National Payments System (NPS) are:
Real time gross settlement system (RTGS) remains the most important singular project which is being developed under the NPS.
Strategic Plan (2010 – 2015).
The Central Bank has set five strategic goals for five years of its operations, with the purpose of aligning the Bank’s duties towards the citizens and the economy in general. These goals are:
Issuance of Bonds.
After signing a regulation for primary and secondary government bonds with the Ministry of Finance in December 2011, the Central Bank of Kosovo issued bonds for the first time on January 17, 2012. During its first auction, the CBK was able to collect a sum of €10 million worth of monetary assets. Another €64 million could be raised during the rest of 2012, bringing the total value of bonds issued during 2012 to €74 million, just as was declared by an adviser to the Minister of Finance on January 9, 2012. It is expected that during the course of 2013, the CBK will be able to raise a sum equal to €80 million.
Controversies.
On 23 July 2010, Hashim Rexhepi, then the governor of the Central Bank of the Republic of Kosovo, was arrested based on grounds of "corruption and money laundering".

</doc>
<doc id="18444650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444650" title="Nepalese presidential election, 2008">
Nepalese presidential election, 2008

An indirect presidential election was held in Nepal on 19 July 2008 with a presidential run-off on 21 July. The Nepalese Constituent Assembly (CA) elected in April 2008 elected a new President and Vice-President after the Fifth Amendment to the Interim Constitution was passed on 14 July. This would be the first President to be elected after Nepal became a republic a few months earlier.
In the newly passed amendment, the majority party will form the government, the CA will elect the new President on the basis of majority and a new provision that the Opposition Leader will be a member of the Constitutional Council. The leading political parties, Nepali Congress, Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) and Communist Party of Nepal (United Marxist-Leninist) engaged in discussions regarding who would be the new President. The Nepali Congress wanted Prime Minister and interim Head of State Girija Prasad Koirala while the Communist Party of Nepal (United Marxist-Leninist) wanted its former Secretary-General Madhav Kumar Nepal as President. However, the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) wants an independent figure as President rather than party figures such as Koirala or Nepal. The Maoists won the most seats in the CA, though their party needs to form a coalition government with the other parties.
Organisation of the election.
The election is conducted by the Office of the Election Officer (OEO). On 16 July 2008 OEO released a voters list of 593 CA members. The CA was 601 seats in total, but by-elections are due in five constituencies and three CA members had not been sworn in at the time.
Candidates.
On 9 June 2008, the CPN(Maoist) declared that five names from outside their party they would consider for the presidency:
Negotiations between CPN(Maoist) and CPN(UML) appeared to have broken down by 17 July 2008 so the three major parties all nominated their own candidates for president and vice-president. All three main presidential candidates were Madhesis. The largest Madhesi party, the MJF, announced that they'd support Singh as president, but nominated their own candidate for vice president.
On the day of the poll the CPN(UML) and MJF agreed to back the NC candidate for the presidency and the CPN(UML) and NC agreed to back the MJF candidate for the vice-presidency, thus nullifying the agreement the Maoists had with the three Madhesi parties.
Result.
578 CA members participated in the poll on 19 July 2008. Rastriya Prajatantra Party, Rastriya Janamorcha, the Nepal Workers and Peasants Party and the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified) boycotted the election. The sole CA member of the Chure Bhawar Rastriya Ekta Party, Keshav Prasad Mainali, only participated in the vice-presidential poll.
On 19 July, Parmananda Jha was declared the first Vice President of Nepal. Jha received 305 votes beating his nearest rival Shanta Shrestha from the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) (CPN-M) with 243 votes. However, the President of Nepal could not be elected as neither candidate got a clear majority. Ram Baran Yadav received 283 votes and Ram Raja Prasad Singh won 270 votes. A run-off election was thus called for.
On 21 July, Ram Baran Yadav of the Nepali Congress, who was supported by the CPN (UML) and MJF, got support from around 308 Constituent Assembly members in 594 Constituent Assembly members. His rival was Ram Raja Prasad Singh, nominated by the CPN (M). Prasad won 282 votes. Earlier, during vice-presidential election and first round of presidential elections, Maoists had threatened to refuse to form a government if their choice for the presidency did not succeed as they feared that certain electoral pledges such as land reform would not able to pass. Kul Bahadur Gurung, the speaker of constituent assembly, declared Ram Yadav winner of second-round presidential election on Monday. Yadav would be the first President of Nepal after it became a republic. The new President will replace the deposed King Gyanendra as the head of the state.
Presidential election
Source:www.nepalnews.com
Vice-presidential election

</doc>
<doc id="18444657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444657" title="Antonín Hájek">
Antonín Hájek

Antonín Hájek () (born 12 February 1987 in Frýdlant) is a ski jumper from the Czech Republic. His specialties include both individual ski jumping and ski flying. Hájek's best result in the World Cup is a 4th place in Tauplitz and Sapporo in 2010.
He had an accident in Oberstdorf in 2005, crashing in the trial round; he did not suffer major injuries and walked from the hill by himself.
Hájek was involved in a car accident during the spring of 2008, and barely survived. Four months after the accident he could not walk, ruling out a comeback. But he began to train again in February 2009, and made great progress during the summer of 2009. He staged his comeback in Continental Cup in Rovaniemi in December 2009. His first World Cup competition after his comeback was in Tauplitz on 9 January 2010, and his fourth place score on that day was his best World Cup result to date. Hájek jumped 236 m at Planica on 20 March 2010 at the ski flying World Championships; this was the third longest jump in ski jumping history.
Hájek's results from the 2010 Winter Olympics were seventh in both the individual and team large hill events, and 21st in the individual normal hill event. His best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was ninth in the team large hill event at Sapporo in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18444658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444658" title="Matthew Keating">
Matthew Keating

Matthew Keating is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18444659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444659" title="Leon Tuhan-Baranowski">
Leon Tuhan-Baranowski

Leon Tuhan-Baranowski (22 June 1907, St Petersburg – 27 April 1954, Frankfurt) was a Polish-Belarusian chess player and composer.
Born in Sankt Petersburg into a Roman Catholic family with noble roots (Tartar and Belarusian descent). After the Bolshevik Revolution, he moved to Stolpce (Stowbtsy) near Novogrodek, and then to Warsaw. In 1925, he took 10th in Warsaw (Stanisław Kohn won). In 1925–26, he tied for 7–8th in Warsaw (the 1st Polish Chess Championship, elimination). The event was won by Abram Blass and Paulin Frydman. In 1930s, his activity concentrated in a few areas (correspondence chess, various local and team tournaments). Among others he participated in the 2nd Polish Team Chess Championship at Katowice 1934.
Tuhan-Baranowski was also a composer and author of chess books. His debut took place in 1924 when he published on columns of "Deutsche Schachzeitung". He co-operated with "L’Echiquier", "Kagans Neueste Schachnachrichten", "Die Schwalbe", "Dzień Polski", "Strzelec", "Czas", etc.
During World War II, Tuhan-Baranowski had declared Belarusian nationality and became an interpreter for the Wehrmacht on the Eastern Front (1941–1942). Then, in 1943–1944, he lived in General Government (occupied central Poland). He played as Lisse in several chess tournaments in GG. In December 1943, he tied for 5–6th in Krynica (the 4th GG-ch, Josef Lokvenc won). In February 1944, he took 4th, behind Efim Bogoljubow, Fedor Bogatyrchuk, and Hans Roepstorff, in Radom. In August 1944, he met a German chess player August Mund in Lodz. At the end of the war, he escaped to West Germany (US Zone) where he published as Wormatius. He won a prize for three-move theme (co-author A. Goldstein) in "Revista Romana de Sah" in 1948. He died in a car accident in Frankfurt am Main.

</doc>
<doc id="18444661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444661" title="Charles Hall (lawyer)">
Charles Hall (lawyer)

Sir Charles Hall, QC, KCMG, (3 August 1843 – 9 March 1900) was a British lawyer and politician.
He was the second son of Sir Charles Hall (1814–1883) and his wife, Sarah née Duval. After attending Harrow School, he studied at Trinity College, Cambridge, and under James Hannen, Baron Hannen at Lincoln's Inn.
He was called to the bar on 17 November 1866, and built up a large practice in the Admiralty court and the south-east of England, becoming a Queen's Counsel in 1881.
From 1877 until his appointment as recorder of London in 1892, he was attorney-general to the Prince of Wales. In May 1890, he was made a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George for acting as the British representative at an international conference on maritime law held in Washington, D.C., the previous year.
In the United Kingdom general election, 1885 he was returned as Conservative Member of Parliament for the Chesterton division of Cambridgeshire. After his defeat in the 1892 general election, he was elected at a by-election in August 1892 for the Holborn division of Finsbury. He was appointed as a Privy Councillor in 1899, and died in office in March 1900. 
He never married, and is buried in Kensal Green Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18444663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444663" title="Aganainae">
Aganainae

Aganainae is a small subfamily of moths in the family Noctuidae, formerly placed in the family Arctiidae. It is ranked as a family by some authors.

</doc>
<doc id="18444671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444671" title="Toyama College">
Toyama College


</doc>
<doc id="18444692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444692" title="Gazit">
Gazit

Gazit () is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2011 it had a population of 616.
History.
The kibbutz was established on the lands of the Arab village of al-Tira, which was depopulated during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. 
The name is symbolic, derived from the Book of Isaiah. It was originally called "Argentina A". The community was formed in 1947 by immigrants from Argentina, Poland, Romania and Turkey. They established Gazit in 1948, with it becoming a permanent settlement in 1950. Initially a communist kibbutz, its members decided to swear allegiance to the state in 1952, expelling 22 Maki members in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="18444697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444697" title="Last of the Summer Wine (series 16)">
Last of the Summer Wine (series 16)

The Last of the Summer Wines sixteenth series aired on BBC1. All of the episodes were written by Roy Clarke and produced and directed by Alan J. W. Bell.
Outline.
The trio in this series consisted of: 
List of episodes.
There was no regular series in 1994 other than a New Year's special even though filming took place that year; the series resumed in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18444711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444711" title="Toyama College of Welfare Science">
Toyama College of Welfare Science


</doc>
<doc id="18444712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444712" title="Christmas (The Oak Ridge Boys album)">
Christmas (The Oak Ridge Boys album)

Christmas was the eighth album by the Oak Ridge Boys. It is a holiday / Christmas album released via MCA Records in September 1982. The album produced one single in "Thank God for Kids", which made number three on the Hot Country Songs charts.

</doc>
<doc id="18444716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444716" title="Hillebrand">
Hillebrand

Hillebrand is a surname, with variants such as Hillebrandt and Hillebrant:

</doc>
<doc id="18444718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444718" title="James Larkin, Jnr">
James Larkin, Jnr

James Larkin, Jnr (1904 – 18 February 1969) was an Irish Labour Party politician and trade union official. He first stood for election as an Irish Worker League candidate at the September 1927 general election for the Dublin County constituency but was unsuccessful. His father, James Larkin, was a successful candidate for the Dublin North constituency at the same general election. Larkin, Jnr was also an unsuccessful independent candidate at the 1932 general election for the Dublin South constituency. 
He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South constituency at the 1943 general election, where he sat in the same Dáil as his father. He was re-elected at the 1944 general election for the same constituency. At the 1948 general election, he moved to the Dublin South–Central constituency and was re-elected at the 1951 and 1954 general elections. He did not contest the 1957 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18444735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444735" title="MacArthur's mouse lemur">
MacArthur's mouse lemur

MacArthur's mouse lemur (Microcebus macarthurii), or Anjiahely mouse lemur, is a species of mouse lemur known only from an Inter-River-System in the eastern Makira Natural Park in Madagascar.
The species is named in honor of the founder of the MacArthur Foundation, which financed the studies that included the discovery of this species.

</doc>
<doc id="18444752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444752" title="Gaultheria hispida">
Gaultheria hispida

Gaultheria hispida, snow berry, is a shrub native to rainforest, wet sclerophyll forest, sub-alpine heath of Tasmania, Australia.
The leaves are slender, shiny, and 4-8 cm long. Fruits are white or pink, five lobed, and 8-10 mm wide.
Uses.
Aborigines ate the sour fruit, and colonists cooked them in tarts. 

</doc>
<doc id="18444756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444756" title="Al-Ras">
Al-Ras

al-Ras () is a Palestinian village in the Tulkarm Governorate in the eastern West Bank, located 7 kilometers South-east of Tulkarm. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, al-Ras had a population of approximately 506 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. 11.1% of the population of al-Ras were refugees in 1997. The healthcare facilities for al-Ras are based in Kafr Sur, where the facilities are designated as MOH level 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18444760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444760" title="Gvat">
Gvat

Gvat or Gevat () is a kibbutz in northern Israel near Migdal HaEmek in the Jezreel Valley. It falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 670. Gvat is the founder of Plastro, one of the world's largest drip irrigation systems manufacturers.
History.
The kibbutz was established on November 28, 1926 by a group of Fourth Aliyah pioneers from Pinsk, Poland, including Haim Gvati, later a minister in the Israeli government. In 1922, the first kibbutz members formed a Kvutza in memory of the 35 members of the Jewish community of Pinsk killed by the Polish Army on April 5, 1919 during the Pinsk massacre. The kibbutz was named after Givta, a town located near Tzippori during the period of the Second Temple.
In 1931 with the help of the Jewish National Fund and donations from Pinsk's Jewish community, a forest commemorating the victims of the Pinsk massacre was planted near Gvat.
The kibbutz was established on classical Zionist-Socialist principles and until today there is no synagogue. Gvat was later joined by adherents of the Poalei Zion movement from Pinsk and its surrounding region, as well as by members of HaHalutz from Poland and Germany.
In 1951, following the split in The United Kibbutz (, HaKibbutz HaMeuhad) movement, some of Gvat's members left the kibbutz and together with members of Kvutzat HaSharon founded kibbutz Ihud HaSharon - Gvat, later renamed Yif'at in 1952.
On October 6, 1973, during the Yom Kippur War, Soviet-made surface-to-surface FROG-7 missiles launched by Syria struck Gvat, presumably aimed at a nearby airfield. Despite extensive damage to the buildings, there were no casualties, since the inhabitants had been sleeping in underground shelters.
Archaeology.
Archeological evidence, including columns and masonry inscribed with Latin, shows that a first-century BCE Judeo-Roman settlement existed at the site.
Demographics.
As of 2006 Gvat had a population of 670.
Economy.
Irrigation equipment manufacturing company Plastro was established in 1966 by Kibbutz Gvat. Plastro is the world's second largest drip irrigation company after Netafim (also from Israel) Plastro and Netafim, together with Israel's other irrigation equipment company NaanDan Irrigation Systems, controls roughly half the world market, worth from $1 to $1.5 billion a year.
In 2005 Australian billionaire John Gandel, acquired 50% interest in Plastro Irrigation Systems. But in May 2007 Kibbutz Gvat, using a loan from John Deere & Company, exercised an option to buy back the shares.
In 2008 Kibbutz Gvat agreed to sell its 75.1% stake at Plastro Irrigation Systems Ltd to John Deere at a company value of NIS 265 million.
John Deere was obliged to leave Plastro at the kibbutz employing Kibbutz Gvat members for 15 years. Also John Deere agreed to pay Gvat $1.3 million annually over ten years for a non-competition agreement, in exchange Kibbutz Gvat agreed to cease receiving management fees for Plastro
Another sector of Gvat's economy is agriculture. Field crops, citrus fruit, dairy, poultry, ostriches are also farmed and produced in Gvat.
Culture.
Kibbutz Gvat runs Bet Herschel theater, named after one of the kibbutz founders, where movies and stage productions are shown. The kibbutz also has a regional sports center.
There are monuments in Gvat commemorating those who perished during the Holocaust and the Pinsk massacre.

</doc>
<doc id="18444771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444771" title="Sasom Pobprasert">
Sasom Pobprasert

Sasom Pobprasert () is a former footballer in Thailand and played as Midfielder for Thailand national team, including an appearance in a 1998 FIFA World Cup qualifying match. He scored one goal for the national team. 
He vary from the Footballer and Football Manager to the football pundit. With the mantle of commentator who analysis for the football matches alongside True Corporation channel. 
In 2009, He is currently the manager of Thai Premier League side Thai Port F.C.. He has made an instant impact at PAT Stadium and has targeted a top five finish for the 2009 Season. He previously managed BEC Tero Sasana from 2004 until early 2005.
Honours.
Manager
"Thailand"
"Club"

</doc>
<doc id="18444802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444802" title="Narrow gauge railways in India">
Narrow gauge railways in India

India has a substantial network of narrow gauge railways that are narrower than the . The majority of these are , approximately 9,000 km of track and 7,500 km of route in 2011, 7.9% of the total indian rail network. The others are Two foot six inch gauge railways gauge railways and Two foot and 600 mm gauge railways narrow gauge gauge railways that are known as "narrow gauge" in India (as opposed to "metre gauge") lines and were 2,400 km of route in 2011.
The total length of tracks used by Indian Railways was about while the total route length of the network was in 2011.
History.
In 1991, Indian Railways concluded that metre gauge network had poor performance compared to broad gauge network and decided to convert most of the metre gauge and narrow gauge network to broad gauge as Project Unigauge - the advantages of uniformity and interoperability were judged to outweigh any other possible benefits arising from the use of diverse gauges.
The lengths of metre gauge and narrow gauge tracks have progressive reduced from approx. 30,000 route kilometre at the start of Project Unigauge in 1991 to approx. 7,500 route kilometre in 2011.
Notable narrow gauge lines.
The narrow gauges are present on a few routes, lying in hilly terrains and in some erstwhile private railways (on cost considerations), which are usually difficult to convert to broad gauge.
The Kalka-Shimla Railway is a narrow gauge railway in North-West India travelling along a mostly mountainous route from Kalka to Shimla.
The Kangra Valley Railway runs in Kangra Valley, Himachal Pradesh. The trains on this route run from Pathankot to Joginder Nagar through Kangra Valley.
Parlakimidi Light Railway, the Naupada-Gunupur railway line in India is laid between the east coast and Eastern Ghats in North Eastern Andhra Pradesh and Southern Orissa. It was built by Maharajah of Paralakhemundi in 1889. It was converted into broad gauge in 2010. Broad gauge passenger trains are running in this section.
Other lines:
In 1999 the Darjeeling Himalayan Railway was officially designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The line runs from New Jalpaiguri to Darjeeling in the state of West Bengal. The railway climbs the foothills of the Himalayas and uses several switchbacks, and spirals to gain the necessary height. Until recently all trains on this railway were powered by steam locomotives; however in 2001 two modern diesel engines were built for the line.
The Matheran Hill Railway is another surviving gauge hill railway. The route was destroyed by landslides caused by heavy rains in the 2005 monsoons, but has been rebuilt.
Other lines:

</doc>
<doc id="18444807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444807" title="Tottori College">
Tottori College


</doc>
<doc id="18444809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444809" title="Sarid">
Sarid

Kibbutz Sarid () (lit. "Remnant") is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located near Migdal HaEmek, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 590.
The kibbutz was established by immigrants from Czechoslovakia, Poland and Russia in 1926 lands purchased from the village of Khuneifis.The land was sold by the Sursock family, its absentee landlords. It took its name from the biblical city of Sarid, situated in the southern part of the tribe of Zebulun (Joshua 19:10).
The poets Natan Yonatan and Pinchas Sadeh and the politicians Natan Peled and Shlomo Rosen were members of the kibbutz.
Economy.
In the 1950s, the kibbutz established Camel Grinding Wheels (CGW), which now has three plants for the manufacture of cutting discs, grinding wheels and coated abrasives. 

</doc>
<doc id="18444810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444810" title="St. Augustine Parish (Isle Brevelle) Church">
St. Augustine Parish (Isle Brevelle) Church

St. Augustine Catholic Church (Isle Brevelle), Natchez, Louisiana, is the cultural center of Cane River's historic Créole community. Established as a mission church in 1829, by the freed slave Nicolas Augustin Metoyer, St. Augustine is celebrated as the first church built by and for free people of color in Louisiana and, apparently, the second oldest in the United States. Because of its significance to Catholic and Créole history, St. Augustine also is listed on the Louisiana African American Heritage Trail.
History.
Tradition holds that the church was established by Metoyer in 1803 and that services have been held continuously since then. As is often the case, historical records challenge the local lore. Parish records document the founding of the Chapel of St. Augustine "as a mission of the church of St. François of Natchitoches" in July 1829, shortly after the church was constructed. The mission would become a parish in its own right, with a resident priest, in 1856.
When Father Jean Baptiste Blanc consecrated the chapel for religious use (19 July 1829), he reported that it had been "erected on Isle Brevelle on the plantation of Sieur Augustin Metoyer through the care and generosity of the above-named Augustin Metoyer, aided by Louis Metoyer, his brother. ... The said chapel ... having been dedicated to St. Augustine, shall be considered as under the protection of this great doctor." Tradition also describes the role of Augustin's brother Louis (founder of the nearby National Historic Landmark, Melrose Plantation), as the chapel's designer and builder. 
The Church of St. Augustine is distinctive among Southern churches of all denominations for its racial role reversals. Surviving pew records show that the front seats were occupied by the "Créole de couleur" Metoyer family who built the chapel. Seated behind them were the families of prominent white planters within the community. Post-Civil War, St. Augustine chalked up another apparent first in U.S. racial history. Its own congregation by this time was almost exclusively non-white; however, it was the mother church for the predominantly white congregation of Mission Ste. Anne on Old River.
The original structure has not survived. Union forces during the Red River Campaign of May 1864 were said to have torched the first church. A second church burned in the early 1900s. Tradition holds that early furnishings included paintings of patron saints Augustine and Louis in honor of the Metoyer brothers, as well as an altar brought from Europe by other family members. The original bell that hung in the belfry above the vestibule is said to be the one still in use. An image of the original church survives as a backdrop in the contemporary oil portrait of its founder that hangs in the church today.
The Metoyer brothers were two of ten children of the French merchant Claude Thomas Pierre Metoyer and the former slave Marie Thérèse Coincoin, sometimes (albeit erroneously) called Marie Thérèse Metoyer, whose services he had initially rented. When the parish priest filed charges against the black Coincoin for bearing half-white children while living in the residence of a white man and threatened to sell her away to New Orleans, Metoyer bought her from her owner and privately manumitted her.
Across the next thirty-seven years he manumitted their offspring. Coincoin, as a "médecine", planter, and businesswoman, worked to buy the freedom of her five older black children from an earlier union with another slave and secured that freedom for three of them. Together, her offspring created a large Créole community in Natchitoches Parish that spread the length of Cane River. Its core would be, and still is, St. Augustine Parish on Isle Brevelle. Both the creation of St. Augustine and the religious leadership of the Isle Brevelle community in Creole Louisiana are explored in the historical novel Isle of Canes, which draws upon both family tradition and primary-source research.

</doc>
<doc id="18444812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444812" title="Hamilton Caledonian Pipe Band">
Hamilton Caledonian Pipe Band

The Hamilton Caledonian Pipe Band otherwise known as The Cales is an organisation with two bands competing one in grade "3" and one in grade "4a", with over 50 playing members based in Hamilton, New Zealand.
About.
The Hamilton Caledonian Society Pipe Band has seen exponential growth since its inception in 1928. There are currently two bands, one at a grade 3 level and one at a grade 4 level.
Both bands will be competing in the New Zealand National Championship to be held in Tauranga in 2014.
History.
The Hamilton Caledonian Pipe Band was originally formed as the South Auckland Caledonian Society in 1925, from an earlier organisation established in 1917. On 12 June 1928, the Band was incorporated as the Hamilton Caledonian Society. 
Over the years, the Society has represented Scotland and its traditions through concerts, Inglesides, socials, choirs, marching teams, sports teams and its Pipe Band. One of the objects of the Society is to promote a greater appreciation of the pipes and to this end the Band have given great service to Hamilton and its surrounds. 
The Band won the B Grade national contest at Palmerston North in 1938 under Pipe Major Sam Clothier. Consequently, the Band was promoted to the A Grade. 
With the advent of World War II, the Waikato Mounted Rifles requested that the Band be attached to their unit. Parades for the various Home Guard, 4th Waikato Regiment and the Women’s Army kept the band busy. 
In 1947, the Band traveled to Wanganui and its first Dominion Contest since the beginning of the war. They won the A Grade aggregate for the quickstep and selection. The Band’s profile lifted dramatically and requests for appearances flowed in from far and near. The Band retained its title at the following nationals in 1948, in Dunedin. In 1949, at New Plymouth, Hamilton won the street parade and quickstep but were second overall by one point. 
After a few years break from attending national contests, in 1952 at Napier, the band were 4th overall in the A Grade, an impressive feat, considering the Band was the youngest ever taken to compete in that grade. 
A significant milestone for the Society, was the opening of its own hall in Grey Street, Hamilton East in 1963. 
In 1965, at Timaru, the Band again won the aggregate in the A Grade competition. 
During the 1970s, the Society and Band saw declines in membership. As a result, the Band did not compete regularly at National Contests and lost their place in the top grades. 
By 1980, under Music Director, Trevor Andrews, the Band won the Grade 3 title at the Nationals in Hamilton. They were consequently promoted to Grade 2 which they won the following year, at Timaru. A second band was formed later that year. 
By 1984, the number 1 band had been promoted once more to Grade 1. The Grey Street Hall was sold and in 1989, our present building in High Street was purchased. 
Unfortunately, during the 1990s, the band began to struggle to retain members and agreed to go back to Grade 2. When the Te Rapa Air Force Base was closed, several of its members joined Hamilton Caledonian. Concern for the need to train up new playing members led to initiatives with local schools to tutor young pipers and drummers. 
The band until recently comprised the Number One Band, which competed in Grade 1, the Number Two Band, which currently competes in Grade 2, The Number Three band competing in grade 4 and finally the Juvenile band who began competing in 2006.
The Number One Band has achieved three second placings in 1998, 1999 and 2001 in Grade 2, and went on to take out the grade two Championships in 2005 (in Invercargil) and 2006 (in Hamilton). As a result of this continued success, the Hamilton Cales were promoted to Grade 1 after their win in Hamilton 2006.
The Number Two Band was formed in 1999. They achieved 2nd placings in 2000 and 2001 and have recently been promoted from Grade 4 to Grade 3. 
The band currently has a Grade 4 band led by Peter Duncan.
As well as competing nationally, the Band has performed at such events as Civic Functions, International Rugby matches, Sporting Parades, Christmas Parades, Race meetings, Special Olympics, University and Polytechnic Graduations, Concerts and other engagements.

</doc>
<doc id="18444818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444818" title="Sambucus gaudichaudiana">
Sambucus gaudichaudiana

Sambucus gaudichaudiana, white elderberry, is an understorey shrub native to coastal rainforest and cool forests of eastern and south-eastern Australia.
The leaves are compound. White flowers are borne in large clusters followed by shiny, white berries 3-6 mm across.
Uses.
The sweetish berries are eaten by Aborigines.

</doc>
<doc id="18444839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444839" title="Pietro Guerra">
Pietro Guerra

Pietro Guerra (San Pietro di Morubio, June 28, 1943) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer. Guerra joined the 1964 Summer Olympics in the Team time trial event, where he finished in 2nd place and won the silver medal.
In 1966 he started his professional career, in which he won one stage in the 1971 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18444850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444850" title="Court of General Surveyors">
Court of General Surveyors

The Court of General Surveyors was established during the reign of King Henry VIII of England, along with three other courts (those of Augmentations, First Fruit and Tenths, and Wards and Liveries) following the dissolution of the monasteries. Together, their primary functions were to gain better control over the land and finances formerly held by the Roman Catholic Church in the Kingdom of England and Wales.
The Court of General Surveyors was established in 1540 and handled monastic lands confiscated as a result of the treason of their abbots. The other monastic lands were dealt with by the Court of Augmentations, set up in 1536. These two courts were amalgamated in 1547, under the new name "Court of Augmentations and Revenues of the King's Crown" and the new court was then absorbed into the Exchequer in 1553.

</doc>
<doc id="18444862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444862" title="Greatest Hits (The Oak Ridge Boys album)">
Greatest Hits (The Oak Ridge Boys album)

Greatest Hits was the fifth album by The Oak Ridge Boys. It compiled most of their hits from their first four albums, songs from 1977 to 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18444877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444877" title="Hannibal, Missouri micropolitan area">
Hannibal, Missouri micropolitan area

The Hannibal Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in northeast Missouri, anchored by the city of Hannibal.
As of the 2000 census, the μSA had a population of 37,915 and as of 2010 census, the population was 38,948.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 37,915 people, 14,802 households, and 10,307 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 94.45% White, 3.73% African American, 0.25% Native American, 0.23% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.14% from other races, and 1.14% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.78% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $34,434, and the median income for a family was $41,623. Males had a median income of $29,537 versus $20,415 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $16,710.

</doc>
<doc id="18444881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444881" title="Lillington and Longmoore Gardens">
Lillington and Longmoore Gardens

Lillington Gardens is an estate in the Pimlico area of Westminster, London, constructed in phases between 1961 and 1980 to a plan by Darbourne & Darke. The estate is now owned and managed by CityWest Homes.
The estate was among the last of the high-density public housing schemes built in London during the postwar period, and is referred to as one of the most distinguished. Notably, seven years before the Ronan Point disaster ended the dominance of the tower block, Lillington Gardens looked ahead to a new standard that achieved high housing density within a medium rather than high-rise structure. It emphasised individuality in the grouping of dwellings, and provided for private gardens at ground and roof levels. 
The estate's high build quality, and particularly the planted gardens of its wide "roof streets", blend sympathetically with the surrounding Victorian terraces.
The estate's high quality design was acknowledged by a Housing Design Award (1961), Ministry of Housing and Local Government Award for Good Design (1970), RIBA Award (1970) and RIBA Commendation (1973). Nikolaus Pevsner described it in 1973 as "the most interesting recent housing scheme in London". 
The site surrounds the Grade I listed Church of St James the Less, built in 1859-61. The entire estate, including the church, was designated a conservation area in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18444889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444889" title="Nicktoonsters">
Nicktoonsters

Nicktoonsters was a short-lived television channel in the United Kingdom, which launched on 18 August 2008 on Sky. It was a spinoff channel of Nicktoons. Its license first appeared on the OFCOM website in September 2007 (initially named "Nicktoons 2", this was changed to Nicktoonsters on 3 July 2008). The network was targeted to 5-8 year old children and aired mainly older library content from Nicktoons, broadcasting twelve hours per day from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. daily, with Comedy Central Extra +1, a one-hour timeshift service of Comedy Central Extra taking the other twelve hours in a channel-sharing arrangement upon the launch of Nicktoonsters (CCE+1 had previously been a 24-hour feed).
The channel launched with a "Rugrats" marathon week before it commenced its regular schedule on 25 August 2008, at first exclusively formed of "classic" shows. In later months, newer programmes such as "Fairly Odd Parents" and "SpongeBob SquarePants" aired on holidays and weekends.
Closure.
The channel ended its run on 31 July 2009 at 7:00 p.m. due to low viewing figures, nearly a year after its launch. A +1 feed of Nicktoons known as Nicktoons Replay replaced it the next day on 1 August 2009.
Comedy Central Extra eventually reclaimed the full 24 hours of channel space on 2 October 2012 when Nicktoons Replay was discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="18444893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444893" title="Wellington da Silva de Souza">
Wellington da Silva de Souza

Wellington da Silva de Souza, or simply Souza (born 27 May 1987), is a Brazilian football striker who currently plays for Oeste Futebol Clube. He played for Gyeongnam FC in the South Korea and J. League Division 2 side Tokushima Vortis.

</doc>
<doc id="18444903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444903" title="Billardiera cymosa">
Billardiera cymosa

Billardiera cymosa, Sweet apple-berry, is a small vine native to woodland and coastal heath of Victoria and South Australia. 
The leaves are slender and stems are twining. Flowers are bluish, greenish or cream. The fruit is a sausage shaped berry 1–1.5 cm long.

</doc>
<doc id="18444913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444913" title="2-Methoxy-4-vinylphenol">
2-Methoxy-4-vinylphenol

2-Methoxy-4-vinylphenol is an aromatic substance used as a flavoring agent. It is one of the compounds responsible for the natural aroma of buckwheat.
Some insects such as "Rhynchophorus ferrugineus" (Red palm weevil) use this substance for chemical signaling (pheromones).
The aroma of pure substance was described as: apple, spicy, peanut, wine-like or clove and curry.
Ferulic acid is converted by certain strains of yeast, notably strains used in brewing of wheat beers, such as "Saccharomyces delbrueckii" ("Torulaspora_delbrueckii"), to 4-vinyl guaiacol (2-methoxy-4-vinylphenol) which gives beers such as Weissbier and Wit their distinctive "clove" flavour. "Saccharomyces cerevisiae" (dry baker's yeast) and "Pseudomonas fluorescens" are also able to convert trans-ferulic acid into 2-methoxy-4-vinylphenol.

</doc>
<doc id="18444916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444916" title="Mauro Simonetti">
Mauro Simonetti

Mauro Simonetti (14 July 1948 – 1986) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer. In the 1968 Summer Olympics, Simonetti won the bronze medeal in the team road race. He was born in Livorno.

</doc>
<doc id="18444917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444917" title="Bsous Silk Museum">
Bsous Silk Museum

Bsous Silk Museum () is a silk museum in the town of Bsous near Wadi Chahrour in Lebanon, located around 15 kilometres east of Beirut. 
History.
The structure was originally built by the Fayad family, and operated as a silk factory between 1901 and 1954. In 1990, for a short time, the factory and the grounds were occupied by the Syrian army. It was restored by its owners, George and Alexandra Asseily, with the help of Jean-Louis Mange, to serve as a museum. The museum opened in 2000 and highlights the 1,500 year old history of silk production in Lebanon, which ended when the last silk mill closed in the 1970s.
Thierry Huau and Francoise Le Noble Predine from Paris, played a major role in the redevelopment of the gardens to the building. Le Noble brought wild silk from Madagascar and together with Mona Sader Issa helped to establish aMED, the Association of Memory and Development. Students of the Lycée Agricole et Horticole of Saint Germain en Laye in France and the Association have been responsible for many ecological projects in the village of Bsous and the pine forests around Beirut. Architect Jacques Abou Khaled, under the management of Sami Feghali were responsible for the redesign of the building into a museum.
Exhibitions.
Part of the Silk Museum's permanent collection includes live silkworms. Exhibits demonstrate the process of "hatching" the silkworm, leading to the production of silk thread and weaving through all the various stages. Also on display are domestically made finished silk products, such as traditional Lebanese evening dresses and silk trousers that were worn by princesses in the nineteenth century. There is also has a wing dedicated to eastern silk and gold, and a wing holding the treasures of the Bags Antaki family of Aleppo, dated to the nineteenth century and early twentieth century. Visitors on a tour of the museum can also see images of farmers working in the production of silk and silkworm picking and collecting.
The museum regularly puts on temporary exhibitions. For instance, in the past, it has put on displays for around 6 months, typically from May to October, displaying artisanal silks and weavings from Cambodia, Laos and Vietnam, and private silk collections from along the Silk Road, including China, Japan and the Middle East. It has also hosted private collections of tribal costumes of Eric Boudot and Teresa Coleman.

</doc>
<doc id="18444920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444920" title="Rabo Mobiel">
Rabo Mobiel

Rabo Mobiel is a Dutch Mobile virtual network operator. It was launched on the 15th of November 2006 into a market where 50 virtual network operators were active at the time. Rabo Mobiel runs in cooperation with mother company Rabobank Nederland, offering on postpaid and prepaid mobile telecommunications services, and other mobile banking and payment services.
Originally launched to target the ca. 3 million Rabobank internet banking customers, Rabo Mobiel has grown to use web and retail channels, and target different segments, including youth, students and small businesses. At the end of 2007, Rabo Mobiel claimed to have 125.000 customers.
Innovations.
In addition to core telecommunications and mobile internet services, Rabo Mobiel focuses on promoting mobile banking and payments capabilities and applications. This includes products like SMS alerts, mobile banking via secure WAP, Java apps, smartphone Apps, SMS, mobile phone parking services, mobile banking via Samsung Jet, balance-checking apps, etc. From 2006-2009, Rabo Mobiel also worked extensively on NFC technologies, including trials at C1000 supermarkets (together with KPN, Logica and NXP Semiconductors, as well as Stichting RFID Nederland and Banksys), proof-of-concept programmes and trials with Coca Cola, FEBO, Albert Heijn, Diergaarde Blijdorp, Achmea and Stichting Diabeter, MyOrder, Carian, and the American School of The Hague.
In July 2008 in conjunction with Rabobank Nederland, Rabo Mobiel launched "Rabo SMS Betalen", a product for person-to-person and person-to-merchant payments using SMS and Java apps. The product was operator- and bank-independent, and therefore available to all customers, not only customers of Rabo Mobiel or the Rabobank. SMS Betalen was part of the same family of capabilities as later offered by NFC-based payments services Cashless Betalen, MyOrder and mijnID.

</doc>
<doc id="18444927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444927" title="Last of the Summer Wine (series 17)">
Last of the Summer Wine (series 17)

Last of the Summer Wine's seventeenth series aired on BBC1. All of the episodes were written by Roy Clarke and produced and directed by Alan J. W. Bell.
Outline.
The trio in this series consisted of: 

</doc>
<doc id="18444931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444931" title="Andrea Calderwood">
Andrea Calderwood

Andrea Calderwood is a British film and television producer. She won a British Academy of Film and Television Award for Best British Film for her work on "The Last King of Scotland". She produced the HBO television mini-series "Generation Kill".
In 2012, Scottish newspaper The Herald put her as number 42 in its list over Scotland's top 50 influential women of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18444937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444937" title="Together (The Oak Ridge Boys album)">
Together (The Oak Ridge Boys album)

Together was the fourth album by country group Oak Ridge Boys.

</doc>
<doc id="18444951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444951" title="List of tram and trolleybus routes in Tallinn">
List of tram and trolleybus routes in Tallinn

This is a list of tram and trolleybus routes in Tallinn, operated by Tallinn Tram and Trolleybus Company (, abbreviated as "TTTK").
See also.
Tram schedules
Trolleybus schedules

</doc>
<doc id="18444954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444954" title="Angelo Moratti Sports Centre">
Angelo Moratti Sports Centre

Angelo Moratti Sports Centre (in italian: Centro Sportivo Angelo Moratti) is Inter's training ground. It is located on the outside of Appiano Gentile, a village in the Province of Como roughly 40km northwest of Milan. Commissioned by the Great Inter president Angelo Moratti and coach Helenio Herrera, the facility was built in time for the 1961/62 season, and has been used uninterruptedly for first team training since then. It is commonly kown as "Pinetina".
Training complex.
The training complex is adjacent to the Golf Club La Pinetina, in the southwest of Appiano Gentile. The best way to get there is by car. Take the A9 Milano-Como motorway and exit at Lomazzo. Drive through the village of Guanzate and on arrival in Appiano Gentile exit left at the first roundabout, and right at the second. Follow the yellow signs to Golf Club La Pinetina until you reach the Centro Sportivo Angelo Moratti.
Pitches.
The Centro Sportivo Angelo Moratti includes thirteen regulation pitches. Ten are of a regular size, two of which is artificial and can be covered by a mobile tensile structure when there is heavy snow or rain. Known affectionately as 'the cage', the indoor/outdoor synthetic pitch, which measures 48m x 26m, is surrounded by fences to keep the ball in play.
Gyms.
Other facilities include two gyms (250 m2 & 100 m2) featuring the latest in fitness equipment, a medical room for the medical, physiotherapy and massage therapy staff, a swimming pool with jacuzzi and countercurrent swimming system, three changing rooms and two storerooms.
Main building.
The first floor of the main building houses 24 double rooms and 2 single rooms for the players during pre-season training and pre-match retreats, a games room, a meeting room and a television production studio, which hosts Inter Channel. On the ground floor there is a large hall area with breakfast tables and armchairs, a kitchen, a restaurant and a press room which can accommodate over 30 journalists.

</doc>
<doc id="18444981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444981" title="André Luiz Rodrigues Lopes">
André Luiz Rodrigues Lopes

André Luiz Rodrigues Lopes, or simply Andrezinho (born February 15, 1985), is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Ordabasy in the Kazakhstan Premier League.
Club career.
Early career.
Prior to playing in Australia, Andrezinho had spent time with Brazilian clubs Atlético Mineiro, CENE, Juventude and Roma. He's also played in Uruguay for River Plate Montevideo and in China for Liaoning Whowin. Andrezinho played in Japan for Tokushima Vortis and Consadole Sapporo.
Perth Glory.
On 4 August 2011, he signed a contract with A-League club, Perth Glory after the club decided to find a replacement for injured Victor Sikora. He made his debut in the A-League in Round 1 against Adelaide United. Andrezinho suffered an injury that prevented him from playing in the 2012 A-League Grand Final.
AEP Paphos.
In July 2012, he joined Cypriot side AEP Paphos.
Ordabasy.
In June 2013 Andrezinho joined Kazakhstan Premier League side Ordabasy.

</doc>
<doc id="18444989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18444989" title="Pattimura Stadium">
Pattimura Stadium

Pattimura Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Ambon, Indonesia. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium is one of the biggest in eastern Indonesia. The stadium holds 25,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="18445010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445010" title="Middle East Centre for Arabic Studies">
Middle East Centre for Arabic Studies

The Middle East Centre for Arabic Studies (MECAS) was an Arabic language college in Chemlane (Shemlan), in the Mount Lebanon Governorate of Lebanon. It was opened by the British Government in 1947. Initially, the language center was housed in a small building, but later expanded to a much larger enclosure.
The college gained notoriety as a "spy school" because many of the students were believed to work for the American Central Intelligence Agency or the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office, particularly as it was located in a Christian area. 
While many of its graduates went on to work for the western secret services, many spies and double agents of the Soviets, including George Blake, also attended the MECAS.
Sir James Craig wrote "Shemlan: A History of the Middle East Center for Arabic Studies", a book in which he gives an account of the school and a description of pre-Civil War Shemlan. The Civil War made the situation increasingly difficult, and in 1976, MECAS was temporarily evacuated before closing altogether in 1978. Today it is the Help and Hope Institution, run by the Dar Al-Aytam Al-Islamiyah, which is home to 200 mentally handicapped children.

</doc>
<doc id="18445015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445015" title="Shervin Radjabali-Fardi">
Shervin Radjabali-Fardi

Shervin Radjabali-Fardi (Persian: شروین رجب‌علی‌فردی) (born 17 May 1991) is an Iranian-German footballer who plays for German 3. Liga side Hansa Rostock. He is a left back.
Club Career.
Born in Berlin, Germany, Radjabali-Fardi began his career with Hertha Zehlendorf and after five years he joined Lichterfelder FC in 2001. After only two years in Lichterfelde, he was scouted by Hertha BSC.
Hertha BSC.
Radjabali-Fardi made his Hertha debut on 17 July 2008 in the 2008–09 UEFA Cup first qualifying round 1st leg against Nistru Otaci. He played two more UEFA Cup qualifying matches, and Hertha's Europa League group phase match against FK Ventspils the following season, but never earned any caps for Hertha's first team in domestic competitions. After two and a half years on the bench, Hertha loaned him to Alemannia Aachen until the end of the 2011–12 season.
Alemannia Aachen.
After joining Aachen on loan from Hertha, he made his debut on the 19th matchday of the 2. Bundesliga against Karlsruher SC, and scored his first goal a month later in Aachen's 3–1 win over SC Paderborn 07. Over the course of the loan, Radjabali-Fardi played in about two-thirds of Aachen's matches, making 38 league appearances and scoring twice. At the end of the 2011–12 season, Radjabali-Fardi's loan expired and he returned to Hertha Berlin.
Hansa Rostock.
On 12 June 2013, he signed for 3. Liga side Hansa Rostock.
International Career.
He is currently a member of the German U-20 team, but is also eligible to play for Iran.
Personal.
He was born to an Iranian father and German mother.

</doc>
<doc id="18445034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445034" title="Maas International">
Maas International

Maas International is through its leading role in the IVA (International Vending Alliance) part of the largest vending machine operating network in the world. Its Global head office is in Eindhoven, The Netherlands.
Maas International/IVA with an install base over 600,000 vending machines in operation worldwide is considered one of the largest companies in the industry. The company is organized in 4 regions, EMEA (Europe Middle-East and Africa), Asia Pacific, Latin America and North America
Next to the operations, Maas International puts a lot of emphasis on development of new and innovative product lines. All this is done via its wholly owned subsidiary Spengler in Germany and China.
Maas International’s machines are distinguished by their universal design - black and silver, glass fronted machines all made to the same dimensions. Maas International was originally established in 1890 as a cigar producer.

</doc>
<doc id="18445045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445045" title="Robert I. Sutton">
Robert I. Sutton

Robert I. Sutton (born 1954 in Chicago) is Professor of Management science at the Stanford Engineering School and researcher in the field of Evidence-based management.
Sutton is also a best-selling author and speaker.
Sutton received his Ph.D. in Organizational Psychology from The University of Michigan and has served on the Stanford faculty since 1983. He has taught at the Haas Business School and was a Fellow at the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences during the 1986-87, 1994–95, and 2002–03 academic years. Nowadays he is an IDEO Fellow and a Professor of Organizational Behavior, by courtesy, at Stanford Graduate School of Business.
References.
BrightSight Group - Exclusive Representation

</doc>
<doc id="18445050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445050" title="The No Asshole Rule">
The No Asshole Rule

"The No Asshole Rule: Building a Civilized Workplace and Surviving One That Isn't" is a book by Stanford professor Robert I. Sutton, based on a popular essay he wrote for the "Harvard Business Review". It sold over 115,000 copies and won the Quill Award for best business book in 2007.
The theme of this book is that bullying behaviour in the workplace worsens morale and productivity. A rule is suggested to screen out the toxic staff—the "no asshole rule". The author insists upon use of the word asshole since other words such as bully or jerk do not have the same impact.
Two tests are specified for recognition of the asshole:
Their unpleasant behaviours were catalogued by Sutton as "The Dirty Dozen":
Famous bosses who are cited as having weakened their position by such bad behaviour include Al Dunlap and Michael Eisner. Companies who are listed as having appropriate recruitment policies include: Barclays Capital, Google, Jet Blue and Men's Wearhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="18445052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445052" title="The Oak Ridge Boys Have Arrived">
The Oak Ridge Boys Have Arrived

The Oak Ridge Boys Have Arrived is the title of a studio album released by The Oak Ridge Boys in 1979. It is their third country album. 
"Leaving Louisiana in the Broad Daylight" was recorded the same year by co-writer Rodney Crowell on his debut album, "Ain't Living Long Like This". "Dancing the Night Away" was previously recorded by the Amazing Rhythm Aces in 1976 ("Too Stuffed to Jump"), Tanya Tucker in 1977 ("Ridin' Rainbows") and by Leo Sayer in 1978 ("Leo Sayer").

</doc>
<doc id="18445057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445057" title="Abega">
Abega

Abega is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18445063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445063" title="Luciano Armani">
Luciano Armani

Luciano Armani (Felegara di Medesano, 12 October 1940) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer.
In the 1971 Tour de France, Luis Ocaña was leading the race after his great victory in the 11th stage, Eddy Merckx was more than 10 minutes behind. After the rest day, Merckx attacked in the 12th stage from the start, following his team mate Marinus Wagtmans. Armani and some other cyclists joined them, and the group stayed away.
In the peloton, the teams of Luis Ocaña and Cyrille Guimard (the holder of the green jersey) were trying to get the group back. The entire stage (245 km) the difference stayed between 40 seconds and two minutes. At the end of the stage, Armani surprised Merckx, and the difference was 1 minute and 50 seconds.
Because of the high speed of the stage (45,351 km/h), the finish was reached 90 minutes faster than the fastest time schedule of the organizers, which caused a chaos. The latest group of cyclist had to fight to finish the race in the allowed time limit, even though they did the 245 km in more than 42 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="18445074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445074" title="Abegglen">
Abegglen

Abegglen is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18445095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445095" title="Ain Aanoub">
Ain Aanoub

Ain Aanoub or `Ayn `Nub is a village in Aley District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate of Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="18445096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445096" title="Room Service (The Oak Ridge Boys album)">
Room Service (The Oak Ridge Boys album)

Room Service is an album released in 1978 by The Oak Ridge Boys. It includes the singles "Cryin' Again" and "Come On In".

</doc>
<doc id="18445098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445098" title="Al Azzounieh">
Al Azzounieh

Al Azzounieh is a village in Aley District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate of Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="18445099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445099" title="Abey">
Abey

Abey also spelled Aabey () is a Druze village located in Mount Lebanon, in Aley District of Mount Lebanon Governorate . It is located from Beirut and has an altitude of 800 m (2,600 feet). It is bordered by Kfarmatta (South), Bennay (East), Damour (West), and Ain Ksour (North).
It overlooks Damour and the capital Beirut and the sea can be seen from virtually any point in the village. The highest point in AAbey is Mteyyar, where most of the surrounding villages can be seen, along with the east ridge of Lebanon's mountains and many of the southern towns of Lebanon.
Aabey is the birthplace of the diplomatic :de:Fouad Bey Hamza () Saudi Arabia's Minister of Economic Development (1947-1952) in the reign of King Abdul Aziz Al Sa'ud. One of his famous books, "Al-Bilad Al-Arabia Al-Saudia".
Toufic Amin Hamze, Ambassador of Saudi Arabia in Paris and Ankara (1908–1933)
It is also noted Aabey being the home of Samir Kantar, a member of the Palestinian Liberation Organization, who was imprisoned for three decades in Israel after killing three people in a raid in the northern Israeli town of Nahariya. His return to Lebanon was marked by celebrations.
Families of Aabey.
The main families in Aabey are Hamze, Haddad, Kenaan, Khoury, Ataya, Jamal, Jaber, Timani, Amine-Eddine Al-Tannoukh, Nakadi, Halabi, Nasr, Hassan, Raydan, Wehbe, Kuntar and Kanaan.
When Dr. Sami Makarem (Arabic: سامي مكارم) (April 14, 1931 - August 21, 2012) was asked about the source of the Tannoukh family name, his reply was that the word is an imperfect Arabic verb derived from the verb Nakh ناخ, only for him to ask for more enlightenment when he was asked if the word was built from two words Tan and Noukh otherwise symbolised by the rays of the sun handing the Ankh of Aten to the Pharaoh Amenhotep named Akhenaten referred to by the Druze as الشمس الجوهرية . The word of Akh اخ in Arabic means brother, and Aten اتن means the coming and the “en” Arabic letter ن represented by a concave symbol of a hand releasing the Ankh, or the two mountains from which the sun rises, or the sky which encompass the earth at noon time, all seem to be symbols of the coming of the brother of the sun. A concept which is not far from the coming of the Messiah. In addition to this the meaning of Amenhotep in Arabic الحتب امين is close to the concept of the guardian of the day of judgement. Hence Dr. Sami Makarem was asked could the name of Akhenaten mean the brother of the sun and the Tannoukh mean the brothers of the sun? 
The interpretation of these symbols is beyond the letter. The early believers of the coming of the Messiah used the Noon letter ن as the symbol of their faith which later became the cross. It is possible that the word for noon time is a carrier of this symbol. After Jesus some believers could not hold the cross as a symbol of love because the crucifiers meant it to be a torture weapon, instead they continued to use the letter Noon. Other believers considered it an honour to be crucified on a cross like Jesus and hence carried the cross. Effectively making it impossible for the torturer to use the cross to intimidate them psychologically. This explains why 'Sayyed Abdallah A-Tannoukhy' of Abey was highly appreciative of the Christian Cappucccines in Abey and their mission and Abey became the base of many Christian missionaries. The sun as a symbol rather than the symbol of the sun was refined by the reference to the Ra-ab Al-Ali-Mean, Guardian Father of the Highly Educated, compared to the Ra-ab Al-Ala-Mean, Guardian Father of the People upon which the message was placed but not necessarily carried by them. Hence the trinity of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit are closer in concept to the Ra the father of Ali and the Spirit of the Message, but not in the sense of father-son relationship but rather a rank where no one can equal the Guardian. 
When many of the Tannoukh family were killed Amine-Eddine امين الدين was spared and his decedents like Sheikh Ahmed Amine-Eddine A-Tannoukhy has trusted his properties to the Druze and lately Sheikh Halim Amine-Eddine A-Tannoukhy devoted his working life to the Druze trust and his wife Al-moqedima Maya Mezher Johnblat (the name that means Water for the Flowers of the Floor of John) with her home ruined by the outcome of the civil war, donated his inheritance from his cousin A-Sheikha Jamal Amine-Eddine A-Tannoukhya to the Druze trust.
Institutions: Cappucccine school, Monastery, Tannoukhy Palace, TNS, Gov. official school, Dawdye college, mihanye.
Also the resting place of 'Sayyed Abdallah'.
The families of Abey also include the families of Kanaan, Haddad, Khoury, and Abou Nader
References.
3. http://canaan-abey.org/

</doc>
<doc id="18445101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445101" title="Aramoun">
Aramoun

Aramoun is a village in Aley District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate of Lebanon.
Aramoun is officially a Sunni Muslim (without any kind of racism)

</doc>
<doc id="18445102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445102" title="Basateen, Lebanon">
Basateen, Lebanon

Basateen is a village in Aley District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate of Lebanon.
Location.
Basateen is located in the Chahaar Region overlooking Beirut. Elevation is about 600 meters(2000 feet) above sea level. It offers beautiful views of the Mediterranean and Beirut. 
Access is easy from Beirut through Khaldeh and Aramoun. 
Information.
Five families constitute the population of about 2000 or so; Ghosn, Rafeh,Abdelsalam, Merhi and Al Alia. Its Head of its municipality is Ghaleb Youssef merhi. He was elected in 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="18445103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445103" title="Bechamoun">
Bechamoun

Bchamoun is a village in Aley District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate of Lebanon. It has an elevation between 40m and 580m above sea level, 12km from airport and Beirut (10 minutes by car). Bechamoun's main population was 5000, but now it exceeds 15000. Bchamoun population includes most of the Lebanese religions (Druze, Christians, and Muslims).
It is the first village to raise the Lebanese flag after independence by Lebanese independence hero Emir Majid Arslan.
Archaeology.
An archaeological site was discovered east of Khalde by V. Hankey in 1963. The site is located on the western terraces of a conical hill, west of the main village called Qalaa' Tahun-el-Haoua. An unpublished collection was also made by R. Saidah. Various potsherds were found and dated back to the Early Bronze Age by Maurice Dunand. Amongst the pottery was a sherd with a cylinder seal showing pattern of marching and alternating goats and lions that was similar to sherds showing a similar type of animalism from Byblos, Megiddo] and other Palestinian and Syrian sites dating to the EB period. Although some thinner pink ware was found, sherds were usually red or grey, thick and well fired. The forms suggested were large, flat based jars with flared rims. Decorations found included incised patterns, made with combs to form bands of chevrons. Similar finds were discovered at Jaita I, Kaffer Jarra Roueisse, Nahr Damour, Aramoun and Khallet-el-Khazen. Two used flint blades were found along with part of a basalt object.

</doc>
<doc id="18445105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445105" title="Bmahray">
Bmahray

Bmahray (also spelled Bmohray) is a village in the Aley District in Lebanon. It lies 41 km south-East of Beirut at an altitude of 1215m above sea level.
Demography.
Bmahray's residents are mostly Maronite with Druze and Greek Catholic communities. The 2010 municipal elections census counted 1018 registered voters, The village's religious buildings are Saint George Maronite church and a Druze Khalwa.
Bmahray's main families are:
Geography.
Bmahray is located on the western face of Mount Lebanon. According to the national local development resource Center (Localiban), the village has a total municipal area of .
Archaeology.
Bmahray contains the remains of Roman monuments and rock sarcophagi.
Economy.
Bmahray has no schools, no hospitals or medical institutions and no institutions counting more than 5 employees.
Before the Lebanese civil war, the main source of income for the villagers was horticulture, especially apples; the lack of water for irrigation failed attempts to revitalize this economic activity.
Government and Politics.
Residents are affiliated with March 14 Movement with others affiliated to the Free Patriotic Movement, and the Progressive Socialist Party. The mayor is Joseph Malkoun since 1998.
Environment.
Bmahray was one the first villages to become part of the Shouf Cedar Biosphere Reserve. It has one million square meters of cedar trees, as well as at least three million square meters of pine trees.

</doc>
<doc id="18445107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445107" title="Al Nreijat">
Al Nreijat

Al Nreijat is a village in Aley District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate of Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="18445108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445108" title="Middlesex Filter Beds Weir">
Middlesex Filter Beds Weir

The Middlesex Filter Beds Weir, or Lea Bridge Road Weir, marks the start of the Hackney Cut, an artificial channel of the River Lee Navigation built in 1770, in the London Borough of Hackney. The weir lies between the former Middlesex Filter Beds – now a nature reserve – and the Thames Water treatment works at Lea Bridge Road.
Excess water from the Navigation passes over the weir into the former natural channel of the River Lee that passes in a large loop to the east of the modern water course, as the Old River Lea. The natural water course travels and rejoins the Navigation below Old Ford Lock.

</doc>
<doc id="18445112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445112" title="Nabaa Al Safa">
Nabaa Al Safa

Nabaa Al Safa is a village in Aley District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate of Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="18445113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445113" title="Bernard Labourdette">
Bernard Labourdette

Bernard Labourdette (Lurbe-Saint-Christau, 13 August 1946) was a French professional road bicycle racer, who won stage 16A in the 1971 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18445115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445115" title="Qmatiye">
Qmatiye

Qmatiye is a village in Aley District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate of Lebanon. It lies right beneath the town of Souk El Gharb. It has a small population and is a good tourist attraction in the summer. 

</doc>
<doc id="18445117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445117" title="Silfaya">
Silfaya

Silfaya is a village in Aley District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate of Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="18445133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445133" title="AMAP-ADS">
AMAP-ADS

AMAP-ADS (active defence system) is a hard-kill active protection system (APS), developed by the German company ADS Gesellschaft für aktive Schutzsysteme, a daughter company of Rheinmetall and IBD Deisenroth Engineering (German), as part of their Advanced Modular Armor Protection protection concept. The system is also known under the name AAC in Sweden and as Shark in France. Due to its modular design it can be adapted to a broad range of vehicles. In particular, it is capable of protecting light vehicles against large caliber weapons which the vehicles' light armor wouldn't stop.
Design.
The system has a modular design that can be adapted to almost every vehicle; it weighs 140 kg for light vehicles and up to 500 kg for heavy vehicles. The main elements are the sensor-countermeasure modules arranged all around the vehicle. A processor determines the type and the trajectory of the approaching target. Subsequently a countermeasure module close to the calculated impact point is activated. This countermeasure ejects "directed energy", destroying or disrupting the approaching threat so that it cannot penetrate the vehicle.
The arrangement of sensors and countermeasures provides a hemispherical protection. The overlapping sectors of the sensor-countermeasure modules enable the system to defeat multi-attacks. Due to the short reaction time of approximately 560 microseconds, threats can be eliminated at ranges of approximately 10 m, not depending on the speed of the threat. AMAP-ADS is one of the fastest active protection systems, faster than Quick Kill, Iron Fist or Trophy. Since the countermeasures create a non-fragmenting strong directed energy beam, collateral damage to nearby troops or civilians is minimized. These are important aspects in urban environments. In comparison to other hard-kill systems, there are no moving parts. This makes ADS light and reduces power requirements. Therefore it can be installed on lightweight vehicles.
The system is not intended to completely substitute for passive base armor. Larger caliber projectiles will only be fragmented and not entirely deflected. Therefore, a minimum of passive armor is still required to absorb the residual energy of the fragments.
Applications.
Prototypes have already been tested on several vehicles including Marder, SEP, CV90120, AMV 8x8 and LMV.
An Asian nation has decided to use AMAP-ADS as active protection system on their vehicles, while a number of European armies are considering buying it.
Successful demonstrations.
AMAP-ADS has been tested on several platforms. As part of the AAC ("Active Armor Concept") it was installed on the SEP designed by BAE Systems Hägglunds.
On the 17th of April it was tested in Sweden under urban combat conditions. Threat rejection and multi-hit capability were proven, when 7.62 mm rounds and RPG-7s were fired from a short distance of some 50 m, a range typical for urban missions.
US testings.
A Textron ASV vehicle has been modified and equipped with the AMAP-ADS hardkill-system. Then it was tested 6 weeks extensively at Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, Alabama. These tests were overlooked by the Office of the Secretary of Defense. Different types of RPGs and ATGMs were launched at various spots like the sides or the roof from close range (, including multi-hit attacks, in which multiple threats were used in a short period of time. AMAP-ADS met or even exceeded all US requirements during the tests.
The operationability in hot climates was also proven.

</doc>
<doc id="18445137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445137" title="Abeille">
Abeille

Abeille may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18445139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445139" title="Edward Talbot (bishop)">
Edward Talbot (bishop)

Edward Stuart Talbot (19 February 1844 – 30 January 1934) was an Anglican bishop in the Church of England and the first Warden of Keble College, Oxford.
Education.
He was educated at Charterhouse School until 1858. In 1862 he went up to Christ Church, Oxford and graduated in 1865. He remained there until 1869 as modern history tutor.
Career.
In 1869 he was appointed first warden of Keble College, Oxford, and he stayed there until 1888 when he accepted the post of Vicar of Leeds Parish Church, where he remained for six years (1889–1895). While still in Oxford he and his wife were the founders of Lady Margaret Hall, the first hall for women, in 1878. He then held the posts of Bishops of Rochester, of Southwark and of Winchester. Farnham Castle was the traditional home of the Bishops of Winchester.
Family.
His father was the Hon. John Chetwynd-Talbot, son of Charles Chetwynd-Talbot, 2nd Earl Talbot, and his mother was Caroline Jane Stuart-Wortley, daughter of James Stuart-Wortley, 1st Baron Wharncliffe. 
He married the Hon. Lavinia Lyttelton (born 10 October 1849), daughter of George Lyttelton, 4th Baron Lyttelton and Mary née Glynne, on 29 June 1870. Their children were:
Legacy.
The Hall and Library block of Lady Margaret Hall was named the Talbot Building after him: it was opened in 1910.
The Talbot Fund at Keble College, established in 1999, also bears his name.

</doc>
<doc id="18445146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445146" title="Habib Abou Sakr">
Habib Abou Sakr

Sheikh Habib Abou-Sakr is a Lebanese Maronite academic and politician and a Minister for Finance.

</doc>
<doc id="18445153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445153" title="Britannia Stop Lock">
Britannia Stop Lock

The Britannia Stop Lock was a single-gate lock, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, that could be closed to cut off a section of canal for drainage and maintenance.
The lock gate was situated at the entrance of Limehouse Cut to Limehouse Basin. The gate would normally sit in a slot on the bank of the canal and only be used when needed.
Today, the stop lock gate has been removed, and the canal widened and rebuilt. The site is surrounded by modern housing.
Public access.
Pedestrian and cycle access via the towpath that forms part of the Lea Valley Walk.
Public transport.
The nearest Docklands Light Railway station is Limehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="18445157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445157" title="Last of the Summer Wine (series 18)">
Last of the Summer Wine (series 18)

Outline.
The trio in this series consisted of: 
Returning appearance.
Barry Wilkinson (1986-1990, 1996-2010)
Last appearances.
Foggy (1976–1985, 1990-1997)
List of Episodes.
1996 Christmas Special.
There was no regular series for 1996 other than a Christmas special; a regular series resumed in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18445163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445163" title="Indi Home">
Indi Home

Indi Home () is a skyscraper located in the Tsuen Wan district of the New Territories in Hong Kong. The tower rises 56 floors and in height. The building was completed in 2005. It was developed by Chinese Estates Groups under the name of its subsidiary Kwong Sang Hong Limited. Indi Home, which stands as the 39th-tallest building in Hong Kong, is almost composed entirely of residential units, of which it contains 950; the lower floors also have retailing space. The structure has a total floor area of .

</doc>
<doc id="18445166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445166" title="Billardiera longiflora">
Billardiera longiflora

Billardiera longiflora, Purple apple-berry, is a small Australian vine found in cool, moist forests from southern New South Wales to Tasmania, where it is native. It was described by French botanist Jacques Labillardière in 1805.
The slender leafed vine has greenish-yellow flowers and shiny purple fruit. The fruit is edible.

</doc>
<doc id="18445190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445190" title="The Rose Rent">
The Rose Rent

The Rose Rent is a medieval mystery novel set in the summer of 1142 by Ellis Peters. This is the thirteenth novel in the Cadfael Chronicles, first published in 1986 (1986 in literature).
It was adapted for television in 1997 by Carlton and Central for ITV.
A young monk is murdered next to a white rose bush at a home bequeathed to the Abbey by a young widow. Brother Cadfael finds the murderer as the widow makes peace with her loss.
Plot summary.
Shrewsbury Abbey anticipates two events coming on 22 June in 1142: honouring the day five years earlier when Saint Winifred's reliquary was placed on its altar, and paying the rent due to the widow Judith Perle. Three years earlier, she lost both her husband and her unborn child within three weeks. She gave their home in the Foregate to the Abbey, half her patrimony, in a charter. The Abbey pays a single white rose from the garden, delivered to her in person, as rent. Brother Eluric delivers the rose. Eight days before the feast, he asks Abbot Radulfus to be released from this duty, as he is tormented by his desire for the widow Perle. The Abbot asks Niall the bronzesmith, who rents the property, to deliver the rose rent.
Judith asks Niall to make a new buckle for a girdle. She has several active suitors but is not interested in remarrying, still grieving her losses. She considers taking the veil at Godric's Ford with Sister Magdalen. Sister Magdalen advises her to wait, saying their door is always open as a place of retreat.
Niall, a widower, keeps his young daughter with his sister in Pulley, three miles away. He returns from an overnight visit to find that the white rose bush has been hacked at its bole. At its base lies young Eluric, dead with a knife by his side. While investigating the murder scene with the Abbot and Brother Anselm, Brother Cadfael finds a distinctive footprint and makes a wax impression. Judith arrives to pick up the repaired girdle; Cadfael tells Judith about Eluric's desire for her. That night, Judith tells her servant Branwen that in the morning she will make the gift unconditional, which news Branwen shares in the kitchen. The next day, Judith fails to arrive at the abbey. The Sheriff, called back to town, Cadfael, and Abbot Radulfus believe that Judith was kidnapped, either to be forced into marriage or to void the charter by her absence on rent day. The search begins. Cadfael finds the once firmly-attached bronze tag from the end of Judith's girdle, suggesting a struggle. It is found under the bridge where a boat had been hauled up for convenient use, stolen by the kidnapper. Cadfael searches the River Severn with Madog, finding the stolen boat discarded downstream.
Bertred, a foreman in her business, believes he knows where Judith is being held. Late that night, he goes to Hynde's disused counting-house, in an outbuilding to store the wool clips. The disused room was not known to the searchers in the daytime. Bertred hears Judith Perle inside with her gaoler, Vivian Hynde. Though confined, Judith is in control of the situation. Vivian pleads with Judith to marry him, but she scornfully rejects him. Bertred's foothold gives way and he falls; the sounds alert those within and the watchdog. Bertred runs toward the river to escape. The watchman and his dog pursue. The watchman gives him a glancing blow to the head but Bertred dives into the water, hits rocks on the shelving bank and lies senseless. The watchman assumes the interloper is swimming across the river.
In the counting-house, Judith convinces Vivian to take her to Sister Magdalen, where she will say she has been in retreat. She will not reveal Vivian's role. She wants her good reputation intact. He agrees; soon they slip out to stay in his mother's house until they can head for Godric's Ford. Someone sees Bertred in the shallows, and then kicks him out into the current of the river. Cadfael, working near the river the next morning, finds the dead body of Bertred. After examining the body, Cadfael sees that Bertred's boot is a match for the wax impression. He seems to be the murderer of Eluric. The watchman at Hynde's tells Hugh and Cadfael that Bertred was at the storehouse the night before, where they find the broken window sill. They search within but find no trace of the pair's presence the night before.
Niall visits his daughter again. On his return in the moonless night, he sees a man on a horse with a woman riding pillion and recognises Judith Perle. He follows them for an hour when Judith parts from the man on horseback, walking alone. Once Judith is alone, Niall hears her scream as someone attacks her with a knife. He struggles with her attacker and knocks the knife away, getting a gash on his left arm. The attacker flees. Niall and Judith continue to Godric's Ford. Judith asks Sister Magdalen for her help. Sister Magdalen stays close to Judith, keeping her reputation safe in Shrewsbury.
Judith tells her tale to Hugh, including her promise to keep her captor's name secret. The captor was with her when they heard Bertred fall, so he did not kill Bertred. Hugh acquiesces, telling her that Vivian Hynde is already taken; Hugh will release him eventually. Cadfael asks Sister Magdalen to obtain two well worn left shoes from Judith's household. She sends them via a trusted messenger, Edwy Bellecote the young carpenter. Cadfael examines the shoe that belonged to Bertred. It does not match the mould of the print from Brother Eluric's murder. The other shoe matches. Realizing the trouble is not over, Cadfael walks out to find the bush ablaze. The attacker dropped a burning torch over the wall onto the oil-covered bush. The bush is destroyed.
Early the day of Saint Winifred's translation, Hugh asks Judith's cousin Miles Coliar when he gave his boots to Bertred. Miles' mother says it was the day Eluric was found dead. Miles had killed Eluric and then given his boots to Bertred. Miles confesses all and he is taken away by Hugh's men to await his trial.
Judith is betrayed by her own family. Miles hoped that she would enter the convent, leaving her shop and property to him. He destroyed the rose bush so the house would revert to her estate. Eluric stopped him in the first attack on the rose bush, when Miles stabbed him, leaving that boot print. Later, he followed Bertred to the Hynde property and killed him. The next night he followed Judith to Godric's Ford, where he tried to kill her, stopped by the unexpected Niall. Miles is the only person with a motive to kill Judith, as he would inherit her business and property. Likely Miles never intended the first murder, but his ambition and greed led him down a path to murder. Judith has the full responsibility of the clothier business in her hands again, and will remake the charter with the Abbey, making a full gift of that house.
That afternoon, Niall and his young daughter Rosalba arrive at Judith's house with a white rose. He picked the bloom the day before the fire. He delivers the rose rent to her, thus securing the charter. As he steps away, Judith asks him to stay, rediscovering her reasons to live.
Literary significance and Reviews.
The Library Journal review in 1987 said that "twelfth century England blossoms again as Cadfael in his understated way moves through the now familiar environs of Shrewsbury piecing together a devious plan that went awry."
Publishers Weekly likes the characters of this story, as well as Peters's writing:
In this 13th mystery in the Brother Cadfel series, a beautiful widow rents part of her estate to the brothers of Shrewsbury Abbey for the modest sum of one rose from a certain bush, per year, and all are happy with this arrangement for three years. But then Brother Eluric,the young monk whose job it is to deliver the rose on the day of St. Winifred's translation (the pre-arranged rent-paying day) asks to be excused from the task (he finds he's starting to fall in love with the widow); he is later found murdered near the recently ruined rose rent bush. The abbey is thrown into a panic; not only has an innocent young monk been killed, but with no rose to pay the rent, the contract is cancelled and the widow's wealth multiplies remarkably. Soon, the widow herself disappears, and Brother Cadfel begins his search for her and for Eluric's murderer, casting his eye over a large collection of suitors, all of whom would gain greatly from a match with the widow. Peters (The Raven in the Foregate) is in fine form in this 13th book, with a leisurely mystery that once again creates a 12th century world that is both comfortable and strange, and a series of delightful, interesting characters.
Copyright 1987 Reed Business Information, Inc.
Kirkus Reviews (of the Morrow edition, 18 June 1987) finds
A tenuous peace reigns in the north of England in spring of 1142, and Brother Cadfael—herbalist-sage-sleuth of Shrewsbury's Benedictine monastery (The Devil's Novice, etc.)--is faced with the murder of young, intense Brother Elude, found stabbed to death near a half-destroyed rosebush in the garden of a house donated to the abbey by Judith Perle. Judith, now 25, widowed three years before, runs the family's prosperous clothing business, with help from her cousin Miles, and is the target of several suitors, among them wealthy fleece-processor Godrey Fuller and Vivian Hynde, charming wastrel son of the shire's biggest sheep-rancher. But Cadfael has scarcely begun probing Eluric's death when Judith herself suddenly disappears. The whole town and most of Sheriff Hugh Beringar's garrison turn out to look for her, none more concerned than Naill, the bronzesmith tenant of her gift to the church and caretaker of the rosebush she cherishes. There will be another murder before Judith reappears, and a desperate attempt on her life, foiled by Naill, before Cadfael's inspired hunch brings forth unassailable evidence that pinpoints the murderer. The author's prolific but unflaggingly inventive Cadfael stories may not be mead for everyone, but they continue to educate, absorb and enchant her legion of fans. The Rose Rent is no exception.
Pub Date: June 18th, 1987
Publisher: Morrow
The most recent audio book edition for libraries from Blackstone Audio carries this review:
Peters's complex character Brother Cadfael, who applies his forensic skills in an authentic Middle Ages setting, surrounded by other monks, chivalrous knights and flirtatious ladies, has won the author critical acclaim and comparisons with Ngaio Marsh and P.D. James. (The Brother Cadfael novels inspired the PBS television series Cadfael)
Susan Gillmor notes that "English novelist Edith Pargeter, writing under her pseudonym of Ellis Peters, does not disappoint either in her skillful weaving of an intricate whodunit, ornamented with abundant historical detail, including the portrayal of an historically accurate late thaw and delayed planting that occurred in England in 1142, and how that affected Brother Cadfael's herbarium." The description of the clothier trade is also accurate, from "carding and teasing to the loom", "even the dyestuffs came seasonally, and last summer's crop of woad for the blues was generally used up by April or May.” She finds that "Brother Cadfael's continued popularity is the result of the seamless blending of creative mystery plots with historical authenticity, as The Rose Rent beautifully illustrates. (1986, 190 pages)"
Title.
A widow has entered into a charter with the Shrewsbury Abbey in which she gave the house and lands where she lived with her late husband to the Abbey. She made one stipulation, that she receive a single white rose from the bush on the property, on the feast day of the translation of Saint Winifred. The title may also be a pun on a significant scene where the rose bush is damaged (i.e. 'rent').
Themes and Setting in history.
Grief and love, ambition and greed are the themes of the novel.
The story is set in the real town of Shrewsbury, in the period of the Anarchy, when King Stephen is on the rise after a very rough year in 1141. During the King's illness early in the year 1142, Empress Maud moved into Oxford, while her staunchest supporter, Robert of Gloucester went over to Normandy for meetings with her husband Geoffrey of Anjou, to give her more help. Military action by the King is away from Shropshire, at Wareham and Cirencester, giving heart to his supporters. In the shire, people focus in June on doing the tasks of agriculture and sheep shearing, delayed by the late frost (longer spell of cold weather in the spring).
The main characters of the plot reveal the life of the skilled craftspeople and merchants in the commonalty of the era. The widow is wealthy because she inherited her father's business, there being no sons. She learned every aspect of the business of making cloth from wool, from her father. The men who have an eye on her and her successful operation are all in the same stratum of society: her foreman, her cousin, a man with large flocks of sheep, a prosperous dyer and fuller, and a bronze smith. Because her father has died, she has an unusual amount of freedom to choose in marriage. But the pressures on her from those seeking a merger by marriage, or a marriage of love, are constantly rising as her clothier business remains prosperous.
All the aspects of the clothier trade are described as the story unfolds, from sheep shearing to carding the wool, to dyeing, fulling and weaving it, including the sources of the dyes. This era is in the start of the formation of craft guilds in England (Middle Ages Economics). Much of the clothier crafts grew in the countryside, outside London, where innovations in process took hold more quickly.
Publication history.
Five hardback editions were issued, beginning in October 1986 by Macmillan. The latest edition was printed in June 2000 by Chivers Large Print.
Eight paperback editions were published beginning in December 1987 by Sphere. The latest edition was published in June 2000 by Chivers.
Nine audio books have been released, the first on audio cassette by Blackstone Audio Books in December 1990. The most recent issue was by the same publisher in February 2012 on CD.
The novel has been published in several other languages, per Goodreads.com.
Television adaptation.
"The Rose Rent" was adapted into a television program as part of the Brother Cadfael series by Carlton Media and Central for ITV, in Season 3, Episode 1. It filmed on location in Hungary and starred Sir Derek Jacobi as Cadfael, Kitty Aldridge as Judith, and Tom Mannion as Niall Bronzesmith.
The adaptation makes some changes from the book. The most significant change is that Miles (Crispin Bonham-Carter) is motivated not by greed, but by secret love for his cousin, and first attacks the rose bush to convince her to let go of her devotion to her deceased husband. Another change of note is that Cadfael gives the young wife a potion to ease her terminally ill husband's pain, warning her that too much will kill him; in the next scene, the man is dead, implying a mercy killing. In the book, there is no such implication; her husband died three years before the novel opens, and references to his death include no hint that Cadfael or the widow acted to hasten his end.

</doc>
<doc id="18445192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445192" title="Edyta Geppert">
Edyta Geppert

Edyta Geppert (born 27 November 1953 in Nowa Ruda, Poland) is a popular Polish singer.
Geppert was born to Polish father and Hungarian mother. She is married to Piotr Loretz. They have one son Mieczysław (born in 1988).

</doc>
<doc id="18445203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445203" title="Zihuatanejo Project">
Zihuatanejo Project

The Zihuatanejo Project was a psychedelic training center and intentional community created during the beginning of the counterculture of the 1960s by Timothy Leary and Richard Alpert under the umbrella of their nonprofit group, the International Federation for Internal Freedom (IFIF). The community was located in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico, and took up residence at the Hotel Catalina in the summers of 1962 and 1963.
Background.
Leary and Alpert first discovered the town of Zihuatanejo in 1960. After the Marsh Chapel Experiment in 1962 they decided the area would make a good location for a training center. The idea for the community was influenced by Aldous Huxley's fictional novel, "Island" (1962).
Training program.
Thousands of people applied to the IFIF in the hopes of joining the project in Zihuatanejo. Out of this pool of applicants, a small, select group of people were chosen. Amenities cost $200 a month per person, including food and lodging in bungalows near a secluded beach. Fishermen supplied a bounty of fresh fish from the bay. During the first training session in 1962, Leary and 35 guests rented the Catalina Hotel for a month using their own version of the "" as a guide book for LSD sessions; Ralph Metzner and Richard Alpert helped manage the group. Group LSD sessions began in the morning with the consumption of liquid LSD, with a dosage of 100 to 500 micrograms ingested by participating individuals; the experience would usually last until late afternoon.
Closure.
Immigration officials were tipped off to the project when the Mexican media began reporting stories about an "LSD Paradise". In the summer of 1963, after only six weeks (May 1 - June 16) the Mexican authorities shut the community down. Officials removed the group from Zihuatanejo and sent them to Mexico City aboard a chartered 
DC-3. Several failed attempts were made to move the training center to Dominica and Antigua. In August 1963, with the help of wealthy patrons, Leary and their group moved to Millbrook, New York, where they stayed until 1968.
Media.
Leary talks extensively about the project on the rare, out-of-print 1966 recording, "Turn On, Tune In, Drop Out: Timothy Leary Ph.D. speaks on L.S.D."

</doc>
<doc id="18445215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445215" title="Abellana">
Abellana

Abellana is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18445218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445218" title="Garot">
Garot

Garot or galjungi is a variety of hanbok, Korean traditional clothing, which has been worn by locals of Jeju Island in Korea as a working clothes and everyday dress. Although there is no historical record on its origin, it is known that Jeju farmers and fishermen have worn it for a long time. According to a research on Jeju traditional tools, about 700 years ago Jeju people used fishing lines which were dyed by unripe persimmons., because it was much stronger than undyed one. They might have come up with the idea that persimmon dying could make cotton stronger, so they might have started to dye it. "Gal" (갈) comes from "gam" (감) which means persimmon in Korean, and "ot" (옷) means clothes in Korean. Therefore, "garot" refers to clothes dyed by persimmons, especially unripe persimmons.
Making garot.
According to "Natural coloring that we have to know", various tones of black or brown colors can be obtained from dye made by unripe persimmon. To make high-quality "garot", much time and effort is required. First, hard unripe persimmons should be cleaned and smashed using a wooden mortar. Next, fabric should be soaked evenly in unripe persimmon pulp, and it is then massaged in the juice of unripe persimmons. Then, after removing down small fragments of persimmon, the fabric should be laid on the grass and dried under the sunshine without wrinkles, otherwise you'll get an uneven color. It is turned over to allow the opposite side to dry. After that, it should be soaked in water and be dried again under the sunshine. It needs to be dried and soaked in water twice a day for 7 to 10 days. The longer it stays in the sun, the deeper the color it has. In this procedure, you will get dark brown color basically. If the color should be lighter than brown, it is better to add some water in persimmon juice and soak the fabric in it at first time. If the color should be dark and thick brown, it can be soaked in a light solution of persimmon at second time instead of water. Or it can get black color if it is soaked in iron oxide solution at second time. So the color of "garot" depends on the catalyzer—limewater, iron oxide solution, vinegar—, water, and the amount of sunshine.
Advantages of garot.
"Garot" has come into the spotlight as healthful and convenient clothing. It has moth proof, waterproof, antimicrobial properties. Also Gal-ot prevents putrefaction, so it doesn't rot if stored in damp conditions. The thick, dense wave can help protect against sharp environmental hazards, such as splinters or thorns. Furthermore, it has been regarded as the best work clothing by residents of Jeju. In addition, even though Jeju's weather in summer is very humid, hot, and rainy, "garot" doesn't cling to the body when wet. Therefore, approximately 85% of the islanders wear "garot" in summer work conditions. Due to antimicrobial properties, detergent is not needed when washing. In addition, it doesn't wrinkle easily, so it is regarded as "wash and wear" clothing.

</doc>
<doc id="18445220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445220" title="Ashikaga Junior College">
Ashikaga Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18445221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445221" title="China Economic Review">
China Economic Review

China Economic Review (, Pinyin: Zhōngguó Jīngjì Pínglùn; also referred to as CER) is an English-language monthly business magazine published by the UK-registered publisher China Economic Review Publishing Ltd. The magazine was launched in London in the late 1980s. It is published on the first of every month. Its main editorial office is in Hong Kong.
"China Economic Review"′s content focuses on China business news, opinion and analysis.
Ownership.
The magazine is owned by China Economic Review Publishing Ltd.
Readership.
"China Economic Review" is mainly distributed to subscribers in Hong Kong and mainland China. Its distribution is audited by HKABC.
Awards.
Society of Publishers in Asia Awards (SOPA Awards):

</doc>
<doc id="18445224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445224" title="Y'all Come Back Saloon">
Y'all Come Back Saloon

"Y'all Come Back Saloon" is the Oak Ridge Boys' Country debut album.
From this album, the song "Old Time Lovin'" was seen and heard on the Dukes of Hazzard Episode "Granny Annie".

</doc>
<doc id="18445233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445233" title="Arne Kvalheim">
Arne Kvalheim

Arne Kvalheim (born 25 April 1945 in Honefoss) is a retired Norwegian long-distance runner. He is the brother of Knut Kvalheim. 
He finished fourth at the 1974 European Indoor Championships (3000 m) and sixth at the 1974 European Championships (5000 m). He also competed without reaching the final at the 1968 Summer Olympics as well as the European Championships in 1966 and 1971.
He was a Norwegian champion in 800 metres in 1966, 1500 metres in 1966, 1967, 1969, 1970 and 1972 and 5000 metres in 1969, 1970 and 1971.
In Norway, he represented the sports club IK Tjalve. When studying in the USA he was a member of Oregon Track Club, and helped the club setting a world record in the 4 x 1 mile relay at Eugene on May 30, 1968 in 16:05,0 min.
His personal best times were:

</doc>
<doc id="18445235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445235" title="Abendanon">
Abendanon

Abendanon is a Jewish surname, a variant of Abendana. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18445251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445251" title="Doug Ferguson (politician)">
Doug Ferguson (politician)

Doug Ferguson was the president of the Liberal Party of Canada from 2008-2009. 
Born to Ralph and Dolores Ferguson and raised on a farm near Watford, Ontario, he received a Bachelor of Commerce degree at the University of Ottawa and a law degree from the University of Western Ontario.
He was a lawyer for twenty years in London, Ontario practicing civil litigation and estates before he joined the Faculty of Law, at the University of Western Ontario as an adjunct professor and as Director of Community Legal Services. This legal clinic provides legal services to low income persons who cannot afford a lawyer.
In the community, Ferguson served as President of Covent Garden Market, and led this city-owned public market through the planning and constructing a new $17 million building. From 2004-2006 he served as a board member of Mission Services of London, a social agency providing assistance to the homeless. From 2006-08, he was President of the Canadian Club of London, an organization dedicated to promoting patriotism and Canadian unity. He also served as President of a local Optimist club and as a Lieutenant-Governor in the Optimist organization.
In the Liberal Party, Ferguson served as riding president for both the London West federal and provincial associations when Sue Barnes and Christopher Bentley were elected as MP and MPP respectively. He was campaign manager for Sue Barnes in London West and Glen Pearson in London North Centre when they first won office. 
In 1994, Ferguson was elected as Vice President Organization for the Liberal Party of Canada (Ontario), and from 1998-2003 served as the National Organization Chair for the Liberal Party of Canada. During his term he created Liberal University, a training program for grassroots Liberals. A few years later, at the Liberal leadership convention in December 2006, Ferguson was elected Vice President English Speaking of the Liberal Party of Canada.
In April 2008, he was elected as President of the Liberal Party of Canada by the party's national executive to replace Senator Marie Poulin after she resigned due to illness. During his term as President, Ferguson oversaw changes to the party's governance, implemented a national party membership, co-chaired the Change Commission after the 2008 election, and promoted internal party reform, openness, and accountability.
In 2009, Ferguson was replaced by Alfred Apps as the president of the Liberal Party of Canada.
At a nomination meeting held on September 10, 2009, Ferguson was elected to stand as the Liberal candidate in the riding of London West. In the 2011 federal election, he was defeated by Conservative incumbent Ed Holder.

</doc>
<doc id="18445258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445258" title="Hong Kong Police Headquarters">
Hong Kong Police Headquarters

The Hong Kong Police Headquarters (香港警察總部) are located at 1 Arsenal Street, on Hong Kong Island.
The Headquarters complex comprises several buildings, including May House, Arsenal House and Caine House.
May House.
May House () is a skyscraper located in the Wanchai district of Hong Kong. The tower rises 47 floors and in height. The building was completed in 2004. It was designed by the Architectural Services Department, and was developed by The Facade Group. May House, which stands as the 43rd-tallest building in Hong Kong and is tied in rank with the Citibank Plaza, is composed entirely of commercial office units. It has a total floor area of 
May House was developed as a renovation of the previous building on the site, also known as May House. The older building was completedly reconstructed, with 20 additional floors. The modern May House now serves as the headquarters of the Hong Kong Police Force. 

</doc>
<doc id="18445275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445275" title="Andreas J. Köstenberger">
Andreas J. Köstenberger

Andreas J. Köstenberger (born November 2, 1957) is Senior Research Professor of New Testament and Biblical Theology at Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary (SEBTS) in Wake Forest, North Carolina. His primary research interests are the Gospel of John, biblical theology, and hermeneutics.
Life.
Köstenberger was born on November 2, 1957, in Vienna, Austria, where he was raised in the Roman Catholic Church. As a young man, Köstenberger converted to Evangelicalism. He holds a doctorate from the "Wirtschaftsuniversität Wien" (the Vienna University of Economics and Business).
At the age of twenty-seven, Köstenberger left Austria for the United States to pursue theological studies at Columbia Bible College and Graduate School of Missions. In 1990 Köstenberger began doctoral studies at Trinity Evangelical Divinity School under D. A. Carson, submitting his dissertation on the mission motif in the Gospel of John in 1993.
Köstenberger then taught at Briercrest Bible College for two years, returned to Trinity for a one-year teaching position to cover for D. A. Carson while he was on sabbatical (during which time, in 1996, Köstenberger received an "Award for Scholarly Productivity" from Trinity), and then took a teaching position at Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary (SEBTS) in 1996, where he is currently Senior Research Professor of New Testament and Biblical Theology. At SEBTS he has served as director of Ph.D. studies and won a "Presidential Appreciation Award" for outstanding contribution in academic achievement in 2002.
He is editor of the "Journal of the Evangelical Theological Society" (JETS) and founder of Biblical Foundations, an organization that "exists to strengthen the biblical foundations of the family, the church, and society."
Köstenberger met his wife, Margaret (Marny) Gerrard, while at Columbia Bible College and Graduate School of Missions. They were married on December 2, 1989 and have four children.

</doc>
<doc id="18445282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445282" title="Kokugakuin Tochigi Junior College">
Kokugakuin Tochigi Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18445294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445294" title="Opium and Alkaloid Works">
Opium and Alkaloid Works

The Opium and Alkaloid Works (OAW) is an Indian government-owned company located in the city of Ghazipur and the town Neemuch.
Products.
The enterprise's two factories specialize in the production of opium and the extraction of related alkaloids (such as Codeine phosphates, Morphine salts, Dionine, Morphine Hydrochloride, Thebaine, and more). It is the country's largest producer of opium-related products.
Factories.
Ghazipur factory.
The Ghazipur factory has existed as the Benaras Opium Agency, an entity of the East India Company, since 1820. In 1945, it began extracting alkaloids in addition to processing opium. The Ghazipur opium factory is mentioned in the novel "Sea of Poppies" by Amitav Ghosh.
Neemuch factory.
The Neemuch factory was founded in 1933. In 1976, it began extracting alkaloids in addition to processing opium.
Organization.
After 1976, the Chief Controller of Factories, currently Shri Ajesh Kumar IRS, replaced the Narcotics Commissioner of India as head of the OAW.
Workforce.
The enterprise employs 1,432 people.
Security.
Security is deputed by members of the Central Industrial Security Force, with 123 assigned to the Ghazipur factory and 104 to Neemuch.

</doc>
<doc id="18445297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445297" title="SuperSmart Grid">
SuperSmart Grid

The SuperSmart Grid (SSG) is a hypothetical wide area electricity network connecting Europe with northern Africa, the Middle East, Turkey and the IPS/UPS system of CIS countries. The system would unify super grid and smart grid capabilities into a comprehensive network. There is no planned locations for infrastructure or schedule explicitly for the SSG; the name is used to discuss the economic and technological feasibility of such a network and ways that it might gain political support.
The ambitious upgrade and unification of current transmission and/or distribution grids finds support among advocates of large scale utilization of alternative energy, and as well as advocates of enhanced energy security for Europe.
The SSG proposal was initiated by the European Climate Forum and at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research by Antonella Battaglini and colleagues.
History.
The concept of a "Super Grid" is not new- the term itself was used to describe the emerging unification of the Great Britain grid in the 60s.
Europe has been unifying its grids since the 1950s and its largest unified grid is the synchronous grid of Continental Europe serving 24 countries. There are studies and ongoing discussions regarding creation of a synchronous grid spanning 13 time zones that would result from unifying the UCTE grid with that of the IPS/UPS Interconnection serving Russia, Ukraine and other countries of the former Soviet Union.
Such mega systems are experiencing scaling problems as a result of network complexity, transmission congestion, and the need for rapid diagnostic, coordination and control systems.
Advocates of schemes such as the SuperSmart Grid claim that such a major technological upgrade is necessary to assure the practical operation and promised benefits of such transcontinental mega grids. 
Concept.
The concept of a wide area "Super grid" with centralized control and the concept of small-scale, local and decentralized smart grid are two approaches that are often perceived as being mutually exclusive alternatives. The SSG aims at reconciling the two approaches and considers them complementary and necessary to realize a transition towards a fully decarbonized electricity system. The super grid features would deliver inexpensive, high capacity, low loss transmission, interconnecting producers and consumers of electricity across vast distances. Smart grid capabilities use the local grid's transmission and distribution network to coordinate distributed generation, grid storage and consumption into a cluster that appears to the super grid as a virtual power plant.
The name "SuperSmart Grid" was invented by Antonella Battaglini and used the first time in the position paper for the energy conference in Lund in 2007. In the context of the SuperSmart Grid, advocates use the term "super grid" to refer to a network super imposed on top of local grid networks and should not be confused with the proper noun "SuperGrid" which refers to an undeveloped technology for combining hydrogen and electricity distribution.
Implementation practicalities.
The SSG relies on existing technology. The SuperSmart Grid would employ high voltage direct current (HVDC) cables in its first-generation implementation to integrate the European electricity market and possibly connect it to neighboring regions, such as North Africa, and their vast renewable energy resources, such as those that could be unlocked by the DESERTEC & Medgrid project. The SuperSmart Grid would operate 'on top' of the local high voltage AC (HVAC) grids. Existing AC grids would still transmit electricity over shorter domestic distances, but be upgraded to smart grids.
Dr Gregor Czisch of Kassel University, has constructed and optimized a model indicating that an entirely renewable electric supply system is possible at today's electric prices.
Initial work.
An initial project proposed by Irish wind farm developer Airtricity (Formerly Eirtricity) and Swiss engineering firm ABB would provide a chain of undersea cable connections extending from the Baltic Sea southward to Spain and servicing areas between the endpoints. Proponents of the project claim that this western corridor could be in service as early as 2015. The first segments would provide two 5000 megawatt links connecting a new 10,000 megawatt group of wind parks in the North Sea with consumers in the UK and continental Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18445313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445313" title="Vilhelm Gylche">
Vilhelm Gylche

Vilhelm Emanuel Jakob Gylche (January 6, 1888 – December 18, 1952) was a Danish track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Copenhagen and died in Gentofte.
In 1912 he qualified for the final of the 10 kilometre walk event but did not finish the race.

</doc>
<doc id="18445314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445314" title="Knut Kvalheim">
Knut Kvalheim

Knut Kvalheim (born 14 June 1950) is a retired Norwegian long-distance runner. He is the brother of Arne Kvalheim.
He finished fourteenth at the 1974 European Championships (5000 m), ninth at the 1976 Summer Olympics (5000 m) and ninth at the 1978 European Championships (10,000 m). He also competed without reaching the final at the European Championships in 1971 and 1982.
He was a Norwegian champion in 1500 metres in 1973, 3000 metres steeplechase in 1975, 5000 metres in 1974, 1976, 1977, 1978, 1979, 1981 and 1982. and 10,000 metres in 1976, 1977, 1978 and 1982. He represented the sports club IK Tjalve.
He held the Norwegian records in 1500, 3000, 5000 and 10,000 m for many years. His personal best times were:
After retiring, he has worked as a coach for Susanne Wigene and others.

</doc>
<doc id="18445316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445316" title="Sano College">
Sano College


</doc>
<doc id="18445319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445319" title="Aberconway">
Aberconway

Aberconway, the anglicised form of the Welsh placename Aberconwy, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18445337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445337" title="Obshchy Syrt">
Obshchy Syrt

Obshchy Syrt () is a highland ridge, or plateau ("syrt"), in the European part of Russia. It starts north of Orenburg as a branch of the Ural Mountains and runs in a southwesterly direction to the east bank of the Volga River.
These highlands forms the watershed between the rivers Volga and Ural, and also forms part of the boundary between Europe and Asia. In the eastern parts, the Obshchy Syrt reaches heights of over 500 meters.
The north slope of the Obshchy Syrt is covered by deciduous forests, while the southern slope towards the Caspian Depression has the characteristics of a steppe.

</doc>
<doc id="18445348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445348" title="Fame Games Radio">
Fame Games Radio

Fame Games Radio is a music discovery radio program produced by Meer Music International (MMI) for Envision Radio Network in association with Dial Global Radio Network, since February 2010. (The program was previously syndicated through Citadel Media (formerly ABC Radio Networks, through Citadel Broadcasting) since June 2008.)
"Fame Games" is a worldwide competition that has been online since 2006 and on terrestrial radio in Southern Spain since 2004. It is the first music performance competition show on network radio which aims to discover the best new, "unsigned" music from around the world. The show is designed to help promote and break independent artists or "Indies" for short. When unsigned artists submit their songs through MMI's FameGamesRadio website, each song is evaluated through a complex review process before ultimately reaching the broadcast stage. By gaining fan support and positive reviews, a song then advances through several voting stages required to reach the Quarter-Final show (webcast with some terrestrial support). From there the best songs move on to the daily on-air Semi-Final shows and ultimately on the weekend Final shows. Winners are determined by the highest vote totals and review scores based on MMI's proprietary "unanimity formula," with weekly finalists from qualifying events competing for "Track Of The Week", "Track of the Month" and "Track of the Season" honors.
Weekly episodes of "Fame Games" air Monday-Friday through terrestrial as well as online radio affiliates. The program is hosted by the established panel of six judges, which includes singer/songwriter Laura Krier, songwriter/producer Paul Sedkowski and session guitarist Graham Keeling - all independent musicians themselves; as well as Sid Olivera, a former BBC Radio and BFBS Radio personality. The group is rounded out by Jake Waby and Lexy Badger-Ward, two teenage artists-in-training who provide the teen perspective to the group’s discussion and on-air reviews.
"The Global Breakthru Chart" was created in 2009 as a Top-40 format program for independent music, but the show is currently suspended and planned for a re-launch later in 2010.
The Fame Games weekend Final also includes an exclusive weekly pop music analysis feature called "The Cowell Factor", hosted by author, journalist, head of CowellMedia and brother of Simon Cowell, Tony Cowell.
Concept History
1992-2000: MMI was specialized in artist development and production. Founded by Paul Sedkowski (songwriter/producer, Barcelona Olympics promos, Prince Scandal, Kimera), John Coletta (manager Deep Purple, Whitesnake), Derek Lawrence (producer Hot Chocolate, Deep Purple, Wishbone Ash), Rob Davis (songwriter Mud, Fragma, Spillers Groovejet, Kylie Minogue, N'Sync, Julio Iglesias), Andy Tumi (songwriter , Sugababes, Supafly), Peter van der Meer (businessman).
2001: MMI's first independent-music-based TV formats (never aired) were formulated and circulated in the industry. Re-constituted by Paul Sedkowski, Mary Jane Trokel (TV director/producer The Tonight Show, Solid Gold, Entertainment Tonight), Laura Krier (singer/songwriter)
2004: MMI launches "Fame Games" as a music discovery show, on the Onda Cero radio network in Spain, focused only on local talent as well as own productions.
2006: Fame Games is launched on the web and international independent artists are invited to air on the show.
end-2006: Over 500,000 visits to the MMI site from artists and webcast listeners confirms that the concept is highly appealing.
2007: The annual "Effigy Awards" show is launched to highlight the best artists on the show to date.
2008: Fame Games is syndicated by ABC Radio Networks and begins airing across the USA on selected affiliates. Re-constituted by Paul Sedkowski, Laura Krier, Ignacio Infante (lawyer) and Valerie Bonehill.
2009: "The Global Breakthru Chart" show is launched. "The Cowell Factor" with Tony Cowell is also launched. By the end of 2009, the Fame Games website has seen over 5,000,000 visits and the show is airing on nearly 100 webcasts, podcasts and terrestrial affiliates around the world. Augmented by Don Wasley (marketing expert Kiss, Cher, Skechers, LA Gear).
2010: Fame Games drops the ABC/Citadel syndication and signs with Envision Radio Networks in association with Triton/DialGlobal Radio Networks.

</doc>
<doc id="18445353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445353" title="Frederick Kaiser">
Frederick Kaiser

Frederick Henry Kaiser (born October 13, 1889, date of death unknown) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in New York City.
In 1912 he qualified for the final of the 10 kilometre walk event but did not finish the race.

</doc>
<doc id="18445357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445357" title="Bell &amp; Spurling">
Bell &amp; Spurling

Bell & Spurling are an English comedy music duo, consisting of Martin Bell and Johnny Spurling. They formed in the 1990s, and are best known for the single, "Sven, Sven, Sven", which reached number seven in the UK Singles Chart in October 2001. The song was inspired by the England football team's 5-1 victory against Germany, and contained recordings of Jonathan Pearce's commentary from that match. It mentions a number of contemporary England and German footballing figures and events, most notably Sven-Göran Eriksson, to whom the song title and refrain refer. 
Martin Bell from Chigwell, and Johnny Spurling from Stapleford Abbotts, were both session singers who became a duo. After carving out a career singing at parties for Rod Stewart and Simon Cowell, they went on to appear on radio stations such as Talksport and Capital FM with their stories and songs. Following their two pop hits "Sven Sven Sven" and "Goldenballs (Mr Beckham To You)", the pair appeared on various television programmes, including a couple of appearances on "Top of the Pops". Bell went onto manage the now successful Ting Tings, but parted company after a legal dispute. Bell is still writing and performing with his band The Atlantic Band, as well as hosting corporate functions. Bell was also involved in the pilot episode for The Only Way Is Essex, but subsequently pulled out of the show. Spurling has appeared in the comedy film "The Flirting Club", and in Terry Alderton's "Being Danny's Dire". Spurling is currently working on several TV projects, including one that will see him in his own sitcom, "SOS" for the BBC. Bell and Spurling recently appeared on the Matt Lucas Awards show, shown on Tuesday 10 April on BBC 1. 
Bell has written and performed the song "Running Free" for the lead track in the film "Run for your wife" based on the long running west end show. The film features many stars including Danny Dyer, Denise Van Outen, Sarah Harding, Neil Morrissey, Judy Dench, Rolf Harris, Cliff Richard and Vicki Michelle.
External links.
www.bellandspurling.co.uk

</doc>
<doc id="18445360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445360" title="Utsunomiya Bunsei Junior College">
Utsunomiya Bunsei Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18445379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445379" title="Utsunomiya Junior College">
Utsunomiya Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18445394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445394" title="Abi'l-Saj">
Abi'l-Saj

Abi'l-Saj may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18445406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445406" title="Beit Zaid">
Beit Zaid

Beit Zaid ( or , "lit." House of Zaid) is a moshav in northern Israel. Located near Kiryat Tiv'on, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 220.
The area was first inhabited in 1926 by Alexander Zaïd, one of the founders of Hashomer, his wife and four children. In 1940 a new kibbutz, Giv'ot Zaid (named for Zaïd) was founded to the north of Zaïd's former residence (he had been murdered in 1938) and was joined by several members of Zaïd's family. However, it collapsed in 1950. In 1951 the former residents of Giv'ot Zaid moved to the site inhabited by the family, and founded Beit Zaid.

</doc>
<doc id="18445409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445409" title="Otto Schubert">
Otto Schubert

Otto Schubert Jr. (1889–1954) was a hotelier under whose management the Adolphus Hotel in Dallas, Texas grew to national prominence.
Career.
Schubert was born in St. Louis, Missouri and entered Smith Academy to become a civil engineer. Schubert left the academy to join the Adolphus Busch brewery for a time, and spent four years in the automotive and oil jobbing businesses. He again joined the Busch company in the sales department, working out of their Dallas office from 1919 to 1922, when he was named assistant manager of the Adolphus Hotel. He worked in every department of the hotel and became manager pro tem in September, 1928. On Christmas Day, 1928 Schubert was appointed permanent manager.
Schubert served as manager until retirement, except for a brief stint in 1937 when he worked in an executive post with the New Yorker Hotel in New York City. He returned to his Adolphus Hotel duties at the close of 1937.
He was elected in February 1946 to the board of directors of the Dallas Hotel Company, owners of the Adolphus. That same year, he retired due to ill health. He served as director of the Dallas Chamber of Commerce and was a member of several other civic organizations. He was a member of the Holy Trinity Church on Oak Lawn, where his funeral services were held.
After living in the Adolphus Hotel for many years with his wife, Ethel Cotter Schubert, and their two daughters, Claire and Anne, they took a residence at 3734 Inwood in Dallas when the girls attended Hockaday School.
Ethel Cotter's family is best known for Cotter & Company, now the True Value hardware stores. Ethel preceded him in death in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="18445425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445425" title="Ercole Gualazzini">
Ercole Gualazzini

Ercole Gualazzini (San Secondo Parmense, 22 June 1944) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer. Gualazzini won stages in all the Grand Tours.

</doc>
<doc id="18445441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445441" title="USS Barnegat">
USS Barnegat

USS "Barnegat" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18445447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445447" title="Abou Greisha">
Abou Greisha

Abou Greisha is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18445470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445470" title="Kenny Baysmore">
Kenny Baysmore

Kenny Baysmore (born June 1, 1961, in Washington, D.C.) nicknamed The Technician is a former American boxer.
Baysmore won the 1979 National Golden Gloves bantamweight title. He turned professional in 1981, and after a successful career start he was named "The Ring" Prospect of the Year in 1983. This award existed between 1983 and 1988, and among others it was issued to future world champions Mark Breland, Mike Tyson and Michael Moorer.
Baysmore won the USBA super featherweight title in 1984 TKOing Freddy Chumpitaz in the sixth round. After defending the title once he lost it to Roger Mayweather next year via a third round KO, losing his first fight after 20 victories. Mayweather went on to fight Julio César Chávez for the WBC super featherweight title, and Baysmore regained the vacated USBA title against Anthony English in 1986. He defended the title twice more, before losing it to Harold Knight in 1987.
Baysmore never fought for a major title again, his closest call being in 1994 when he lost to then reigning WBC lightweight world champion Miguel Ángel González in a non-title fight. He effectively finished his career in 1996, with one more fight in 2001. His professional record concluded 28-13-2, losing his last eight fights.

</doc>
<doc id="18445490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445490" title="Martin Bell (disambiguation)">
Martin Bell (disambiguation)

Martin Bell (born 1938) is a British former broadcast war reporter and former independent politician.
Martin Bell may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18445518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445518" title="Giv'ot Zaid">
Giv'ot Zaid

Givat Zaid (, lit. "Zaid Hills") was a kibbutz in northern Israel. 
The kibbutz was established in 1940 to the north of the former home of Alexander Zaïd (from whom it took its name), who was murdered in 1938. The founders were made up of members of the "Yerushalayimi" gar'in organised by Yohanan Zaïd, graduates of Mikveh Israel organised by Yiftah Zaïd, and immigrants from Poland and Romania. 
In 1950 the kibbutz was dissolved due to disagreements between the residents. Some of them established the village of Beit Zaid on the site of Zaïd's residence in 1951. In 1960 a centre for adults with special needs, "Kfar Tikva" (lit. "Village of Hope") was founded on the site of Givat Zaid.

</doc>
<doc id="18445539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445539" title="Fondu fyre">
Fondu fyre

Fondu Fyre, sometimes called Fondue Fyre, is a concrete developed for specialist application. Fondu Fyre is a heat resistant concrete developed during the Apollo space program. 
Uses.
The concrete is used in 2 different mixtures called WA-1 and XB-1. The XB-1 is used as a more fire and erosion resistant layer for covering WA-1 in areas which are directly exposed to the exhaust flame of a rocket engine.
The concrete is used on the launch pads of the Kennedy Space Center on the flame deflectors.
Media.
Fondue Fyre was used to repair the damage done on May 31, 2008 to launchpad 39A during the launch of the Space Shuttle "Discovery" on mission STS-124. After subsequent launch of Space Shuttle "Atlantis" for mission STS-125 on May 11, 2009 a 25 square metre section of the Fondue Fyre on pad 39A was found to have been damaged by exhaust from the Solid Rocket Booster.

</doc>
<doc id="18445553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445553" title="Leo Duyndam">
Leo Duyndam

Leo Duyndam (Poeldijk, 2 January 1948 — Nice, France, 26 July 1990) was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18445558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445558" title="Eric Whitman">
Eric Whitman

Eric Whitman (July 31, 1909 — December 5, 1990) was a Welsh cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Glamorgan. He was born in Barry and died in Norwich.
Whitman, who had taken up cricket in university, and who played club cricket for Barry Cricket Club, played two first-class games during the 1932 season, appearing in the lower order in both games.
Following the end of his cricketing career, Whitman entered teaching.

</doc>
<doc id="18445559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445559" title="Michael Brain">
Michael Brain

Michael Benjamin Brain (April 13, 1910 – August 24, 1971) was a Welsh cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Glamorgan. He was born in Cyntwell and died in Trelleck.
Brain's cricketing career started when he played for the Repton XI in 1928 and 1929, while his club career saw him play for such teams as Cardiff and South Wales.
Brain appeared in one first-class match, during the 1930 season, against Oxford University. He scored 9 runs in the first innings of the match, but was caught out for a duck in the second innings.
Seventeen years after his only first-class appearance, he played one game for Glamorgan Second XI. Brain later became chairman of Brains Brewery between 1955 and his death in 1971. Brain's brother, Pat, father William and uncle Joseph all played first-class cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="18445560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445560" title="John Riches">
John Riches

John Riches (December 30, 1920 — October 5, 1999) was a Welsh cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a slow left-arm bowler who played first-class cricket for Glamorgan.
Riches made a single first-class appearance for Glamorgan in 1947, against Yorkshire, though he played for the Second XI between 1946 and 1957. Riches played regular club cricket for Cardiff, as well as playing with the MCC.
Riches' father, Norman, wife Pearl and great-uncle Gowan Clark, were all noted cricketers.

</doc>
<doc id="18445561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445561" title="John Hinwood">
John Hinwood

John Hinwood (April 8, 1894 — May 14, 1971) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Glamorgan. He was born in Wilton and died in Swansea.
Hinwood played league cricket for Clydach, Llanelli and Swansea, the latter of whom he occasionally captained. However, he made just one first-class appearance for Glamorgan, and was unfortunate to score a pair in the two innings in which he batted, against Northamptonshire in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="18445563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445563" title="Andy Tutt">
Andy Tutt

Andy Tutt (born February 21, 1968) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Kent. He was born in Bermondsey.
Tutt made just one first-class appearance for Kent, during the 1992 season, in a University match against Cambridge University. Tutt was a regular player in the Second XI Championship and the Second XI Trophy in 1992, and played in the MCC Trophy and 38 County Cup from 1998 to 2001.
Between 2002 and 2007 Tutt played in the Shepherd Neame Kent Cricket League for Bexley.

</doc>
<doc id="18445567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445567" title="Chimney crane">
Chimney crane

Chimney Cranes, aka fireplace cranes and pot cranes, are a feature of the homes of the American Colonial period and 18/19th century of Western Europe. Although the chimney crane may be thought by some to be a Yankee invention, it was common in both British and American houses of the era. The purpose of the crane is to allow a cooking pot to be swung away from the fire, preventing burn injuries to the cook as well as regulating temperature of the pot. The chimney crane is an important step in open hearth cooking as it helped save lives and allowed cooks to be more creative.
For centuries before the iron crane was introduced, colonial and European fireplaces used a chain that hung from first a green wooden chimney lug pole then a fixed iron pole directly over the fire. The chimney crane, by contrast, was bolted to the wall and was hinged in order to swing easily. Numerous pots, kettles and other items could be hung on the crane to simmer and cook over the flames.

</doc>
<doc id="18445575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445575" title="John Tuson Bennett">
John Tuson Bennett

John Tuson Bennett (12 November 1937, Horsham, Victoria – 22 July 2013) was a solicitor and president of the Australian Civil Liberties Union, who is most notable for being a leader in the Holocaust denial movement in Australia.
Bennett graduated with honors from the University of Melbourne in both law (1958) and arts (1966) and subsequently worked for over 20 years from 1974 to 1996 in the Legal Aid Commission of Victoria. He also helped establish the Victorian Council for Civil Liberties (now Liberty Victoria) 1966 and serviced as its secretary until 1980. After his expulsion from the group, he went on to start an organization called the Australian Civil Liberties Union, which has been characterized as "one of Victoria's foremost racist and Holocaust denying organizations."
Bennett is closely associated with the Adelaide Institute as well as the United States based Institute for Historical Review, two groups known for being actively involved in Holocaust denial. He was on the board of "The Journal of Historical Review", and is the author of a handbook called "Your Rights", known for criticizing "multiculturalism and Asian immigration" in addition to criticism against the Jewish community and traditional beliefs about the Holocaust.

</doc>
<doc id="18445582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445582" title="Thiago Tremonti">
Thiago Tremonti

He had formerly played for Pandurii Târgu Jiu in Romanian League Liga I.

</doc>
<doc id="18445592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445592" title="Piotr Szczepanik">
Piotr Szczepanik

Piotr Szczepanik (born February 14, 1942 in Lublin, Poland) is a popular Polish singer and actor.
Some of his better known songs are "Żółte Kalendarze" ("Yellow calendars"), "Kochać" ("To love"), "Goniąc kormorany" ("Chasing cormorants"), and "Nigdy więcej" ("Never again"). 
From 1980 to 1989, he was involved with the Solidarity movement.
In 2008, he was awarded the Officer's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta.

</doc>
<doc id="18445600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445600" title="Calandrinia balonensis">
Calandrinia balonensis

Calandrinia balonensis, commonly known as Parakeelya, is succulent herb native to central Australia.
The leaves are fleshy, 4–10 cm long. Purplish flowers are 2–3 cm across.
Uses.
Aborigines traditionally eat the leaves raw or steamed, and roots steamed. The seeds are also ground and eaten as a paste.
Distribution.
The species occurs in Western Australia, South Australia, New South Wales, Queensland and the Northern Territory. 

</doc>
<doc id="18445605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445605" title="Videomatch">
Videomatch

Videomatch was a late-night 120-minute Argentine comedy show hosted by Marcelo Tinelli and broadcast on Telefe that debuted in 1989 in the midnight time slot.
Currently the show still airs under the name of Showmatch (changing its name after switching to channel 9).
History.
"Videomatch" began as a sports show. Since its second year sports were replaced with comedy sketches, increasing its success to a large extent. According to Tinelli: 
In this way, Tinelli got a second show, "Ritmo de la noche", comprising the same cast of "Videomatch" but airing Sundays on primetime.
"Videomatch" continued until 2004 on the screen Telefe with excellent ratings, being the most-watched show in all its years and becoming a "classic"; until an argument between Marcelo Tinelli and Claudio Villaruel (Director of Programming for Telefe) led to Tinelli leaving the channel. 
The show then switched to Channel 9, changing its name to "Showmatch".
Characters and skits.
The program was broadcast by Telefe for more than 15 years, and was composed of a team that was changed over the years, starting with sports commentators Gonzalo Bonadeo, Osvaldo Príncipi, Felipe Mc Gough, Henry de Ridder, Daniel Jacubovich, Marcelo "Teto" Medina, Ricardo "Lanchita" Bissio, Alejandro Coccia and others. And then pass them on to comedians such as Leo Rosenwasser, Hugo Varela, Pablo Granados, Pachu Peña, Freddy Villareal, José María Listort, Campi, El Turco Naim, Miguel Ángel Rodríguez, Diego Korol, Marcelo De Bellis, Larry de Clay, Rodrigo Rodríguez, Roberto Peña, Sergio Gonal, Waldo (Álvaro Navia), Yayo (José Carlos Guridi), Toti Ciliberto, Sebastián Almada and Pichu (Fernando Straneo).
"Deportes en el Recuerdo", "Los hermanos Loprete", "Los Raporteros", "Los Gauchos", "Leonardo Rivas Taxista", "Leo Leonor en la Panadería", "Figuretti", "Jose María Celular", "Rolando Fernandez el Gran DT", "José María Ruidoso", "Don Leo", "Top Forry", "Alejandro Saz", "Noti Pip", "Los Topus 4", "Fútbol Deprimente", "El payaso Muralito", "Los Reclutas", "Fernandito", El Cantante de Protesta, "Los Jaimitos", "Huevo y Poroto", "El Sanatero", "Yayo & Su Cuarteto obrero" and "Deportes en el recuerdo".
"Vale Valeria", "La ventana de América", "Debate abierto con el Dr. Borocotó", "La movida internacional", "El peor día de tu vida", "El peor viaje de tu vida", "La gran venganza", "Propuesta indecente", "Infraganti", "Atracción fatal", "La peor clase de tu vida", "Viva la fiesta", "La cámara cómplice", "Tardes musicales", "Xuxa de América", "Buenos vecinos", "El padre de la novia" and "Si lo sabe cante".
Musical themes.
Among the most remembered opening themes are songs like: "Ritmo de la noche" (by The Sacados), Amigos, Gomazo, Bobby Goma, "Twist and Shout" (by The Beatles), 19-2000 (by Gorillaz), "Vicio" (by Los Ratones Paranoicos), Pink (by Aerosmith) and more.
Awards.
Marcelo Tinelli received the Golden Martín Fierro Award in 1998, and his show more than 20 statuettes since.

</doc>
<doc id="18445614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445614" title="Henri-Joseph Crelier">
Henri-Joseph Crelier

Henri-Joseph Crelier (16 October 1816 – 22 April 1889) was a Swiss Roman Catholic priest, Hebrew scholar and Biblical exegete.
Life.
Crelier was born at Bure. From 1845 to 1855 he was professor at the college of Porrentruy (Switzerland); later he became chaplain of the Religious of the Sacred Heart at Besançon, France, and devoted his leisure hours to the study of scripture. He was subsequently appointed pastor of the church of Rebeuvelier, and finally of Bressancourt, France, where he died. Many of his publications attack Ernest Renan's secular interpretations of the Bible.
Works.
Among his works are: 
To the "Commentaries on the Bible", published by Lethielleux, he contributed the Acts of the Apostles (1883), Exodus (1886), Leviticus (1886) Genesis (1889).

</doc>
<doc id="18445616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445616" title="Abruzzese">
Abruzzese

Abruzzese or Abbruzzese may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18445624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445624" title="Tokoha Gakuen Junior College">
Tokoha Gakuen Junior College

Originally founded in 1966 as a junior women's college, it started admitting male students into the art and design program in 1978 and then into the music program in 1996. The college is operated by the foundation that also operates Tokoha Gakuen University.

</doc>
<doc id="18445625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445625" title="Yves Hézard">
Yves Hézard

Yves Hézard (born 20 October 1948 in Donzy, Nièvre) is a French former professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18445637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445637" title="Leo Goehring">
Leo Goehring

Leo Richard Goehring (November 5, 1891 – February, 1967) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in New York City and died in Bronx, New York.
In 1912 he finished fourth in the standing high jump event and fifth in the standing long jump competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18445640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445640" title="Steven Thomas">
Steven Thomas

Steven Thomas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18445667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445667" title="Tatiana Nicolescu">
Tatiana Nicolescu

Tatiana Nicolescu is a Romanian historian of literature and translator, born in Chişinău on 9 July 1932. She was a professor at the University of Bucharest, also teaching at Moscow University during the 1970s. She specialized in Russian literature in Bucharest and in Romanian literature and language in Moscow. Since 1988 she has been a visiting professor at the University Institute of Modern Languages in Milan, Italy. She is the wife of George Cristea Nicolescu.

</doc>
<doc id="18445670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445670" title="Richard Brooks (captain)">
Richard Brooks (captain)

Richard Brooks (c1765-1833), pioneer New South Wales settler, was born in Devon, England, the son of Henry Brooks, a clergyman of Salcombe Regis and Honoria Hall (daughter of Joseph Hall the vicar of Salcombe Regis and his wife Honoria Burchinshaw).
Pedigree.
Often described simply as the son of an "impoverished clergyman", Richard Brooks had notable maternal ancestry, his mother having descended from the Burchinshaws of Llansannan, Wales and possibly Joseph Hall, English bishop and satirist.
Ship's Captain.
Richard Brooks is said to have had little formal education before entering the British East India Company's service at an early age, rising to command his own ship. During the first French Revolutionary War he traded to Oporto, the Mediterranean and the Baltic, carrying a letter of marque, but later returned to the East India service.
He began his association with New South Wales in 1802 when he captained the convict transport "Atlas I".
The 222 day voyage of the "Atlas I" was one of the worse in the history of transportation to Australia. During the voyage 64 people died, another four dying shortly after disembarkation. The remainder were "in a dreadfully emaciated and dying state" (Governor King). Governor King asked a committee of enquiry whether Captain Brooks' private trade goods which took up space in the hospital and prison and the unnecessary stops en route to Australia contributed to the deaths. The committee stated that mortality had been caused by "the want of proper attention to cleanliness, the want of free circulation of air, and the lumbered state of the prison and hospital".
In 1806 he was captain of another transport, the "Alexander"; thereafter he made a number of trading trips to the colony, in the "Rose" in 1808, the "Simon Cock" in 1810, and the "Argo" in 1811, and built up large interests in the colony. In 1812 he fathered an illegitimate child with Ann Jamieson in Sydney. In February 1813 Brooks was on his way to England in the "Isabella" when she was wrecked near the Falkland Islands, and he sailed to Buenos Aires in a long-boat for help. In July he asked for permission to go to New South Wales as a free settler. Allowed to go, he arrived in March 1814 with his wife Christiana, née Passmore (1776–1835), daughter of another East India captain, and children in the "Spring".
Settlement in New South Wales.
Richard lived at Denham Court in New South Wales, a prominent settler, a member of the New South Wales Agricultural Society, a vice-president of the Benevolent Society, member of the committee of the Bible Society, and a strong supporter of religious charities of all denominations. He owned properties in Sydney at Cockle Bay and Surry Hills and had extensive holdings in the Illawarra, Williams River and Lake George districts. In 1816 he was censured for profiteering during a drought in the colony by withholding cattle from sale.
Brooks was described by his daughter, Christiana Blomfield, in a letter dated 20 January 1828 as "... a nice looking old gentleman of 65, hale and very active for his age. He was 6 ft high when a young man, and I dare say very handsome, but he now loses some of his height by stooping. He is a very affectionate father and I believe particularly fond of me."
In a letter dated 15 March 1831, Christiana wrote that her father had been “"very ill from the effects of an accident occasioned by a wild cow running at him while on horseback and goring him in the calf of the leg, while returning from one of his journeys to his cattle stations in the interior. The confinement from such an accident has injured his health and he is weak and rather inclined to be hippish"”.
Richard Brooks died on 16 October 1833. He was buried in a vault at Denham Court. The Church of St Mary the Virgin was later built to enclose the remains of Richard and his wife, Christiana, who died on 12 April 1835.
Public service.
1817 - appointed to be a Justice of the Peace and Magistrate in the Territory of New South Wales and Member of the Supreme Court

</doc>
<doc id="18445672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445672" title="Forest Fletcher">
Forest Fletcher

Forest Fletcher (April 27, 1888 – November 27, 1945) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Lincoln County, Tennessee and died in Lexington, Virginia.
In 1912 he finished seventh in the standing high jump event and ninth in the standing long jump competition. 
He served with a medical ambulance unit in Europe during World War I, married Laura Powell Tucker of Lexington, Virginia, and was the father of Rosa Fletcher Crocker, Henrietta Fletcher Horan, and Forest Fletcher. He was track coach at Washington & Lee University in Lexington, Virginia. He is the grandfather of the great Colgate football hero, Patrick Horan, and ten other accomplished people.

</doc>
<doc id="18445680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445680" title="Jesse J. Clarkson">
Jesse J. Clarkson

Jessee J. Clarkson (born February 20, 1973) is an artist and special effects designer. He's native of San Francisco, California. He has worked on several notable feature films, including "The Dark Knight", "Model Maker", "Iron Man", "Staff Shop Lead", and "Dumb & Dumberer - When Harry Met Lloyd as Mold Shop Foreman," to name a few.
He designed the crown & costume for R&B artist Janelle Monae, which she wore on the cover of her album The Archandroid. 
He was the Production Designer for the Broken Bell's video for "The Ghost Inside" Starring Christina Hendricks which was nominated for an MTV Video Music Award in 2010.
He owned and operated The Prop Shop Atlanta from 1997 to 2001.
He was a costume designer for the live performance act "Rabbit in the Moon" from 1996–2000, and joined the live performance act "Spacemen" in 2000.
He is the half-brother of late actress Lana Clarkson. They are both the children of James M. Clarkson, who died of cancer on May 1, 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18445717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445717" title="Tsulukidze">
Tsulukidze

Tsulukidze () is a Georgian surname. 
Tsulukidze may also mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18445719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445719" title="Abutbul">
Abutbul

Abutbul is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18445746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445746" title="Frank Belote">
Frank Belote

Frank Vern Belote (October 8, 1883 – October 12, 1928) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Burr Oak, Michigan.
In 1912 he finished fifth in the 100 metres event and seventh in the standing high jump competition. He was also a member of the American relay team which was disqualified in the semi-finals of the 4x100 metre relay event after a baton-passing fault on the first transfer.
He died in October 1928 in Detroit, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="18445763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445763" title="Abraxas grossulariata">
Abraxas grossulariata

Abraxas grossulariata is a moth of the family Geometridae, native to the Palaearctic ecozone and North America. Its distinctive speckled colouration has given it a common name of Magpie Moth. The caterpillar is similarly coloured to the adult, and may be found as a pest feeding on the leaves of shrubs such as gooseberry.
The length of the forewing is 18–25 mm.
It is a highly variable species with many different forms. Research using "Abraxas grossulariata" led to the discovery of sex-linked characters.

</doc>
<doc id="18445766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445766" title="Bryn Merrick">
Bryn Merrick

Bryn Merrick (born 12 October 1958, in Barry, Glamorgan, South Wales) is a musician who was a member of Cardiff-based punk band Victimize and who later joined The Damned between 1983 and 1989. He recorded the bass for albums "Phantasmagoria" and "Anything". He replaced Paul Gray in 1983, when Paul went to UFO. His first release with The Damned was single "Thanks for the Night" b/w "Nasty".
Now playing with "The Shamones", Ramones tribute and extensively touring the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="18445772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445772" title="Alexander George Craig">
Alexander George Craig

Alexander George (Alec) Craig (1897–1973) was a British author and poet, who wrote extensively about banned books. Craig was interested more generally in sexual behaviour and reform, and was also engaged with the socialist movement. He was involved with the Progressive League, reviewing books for their journal.
His papers are in the archives of Senate House Library.

</doc>
<doc id="18445784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445784" title="Jerzy Tomaszewski (photographer)">
Jerzy Tomaszewski (photographer)

Jerzy Tomaszewski (born 1924 in Warsaw), "nom de guerre" Jur, is a Polish retired World War II photographer, popular published artist, and reporter, awarded by President Lech Kaczyński the prestigious Order of Polonia Restituta.
Tomaszewski is best known for the 1,000-odd pictures of the Warsaw Uprising that he took in 1944. He was assigned by the Polish underground Bureau of Information and Propaganda (BIP) to document the battle. He photographed in the districts of Powiśle, Śródmieście and Wola, until he was wounded on September 6, 1944. The last photo he took was of the several bodies lying in the street of the Old Town, without signs of life. 
Life.
Tomaszewski completed a clandestine course in photography in Warsaw in 1940 as a 16-year-old boy. He was transferred by the Armia Krajowa to Studio "Fotoris" in downtown Warsaw, which was a popular German photo-processing shop; a Polish underground cell was already there. Tomaszewski's job was to copy the German photographs on microfilm (including pictures of executions), and take them outside. The microfilms were smuggled to London where the Polish government-in-exile kept publishing the evidence of war crimes. In 1943 the Gestapo traced the evidence back to Studio "Fotoris". Tomaszewski escaped along with Mieczysław Kucharski. The studio manager, engineer Andrzej Honowski was ambushed and killed in the struggle with Gestapo. Tomaszewski went into hiding, but kept working at a clandestine lab on Chmielna Street until the Warsaw Uprising broke out. That's where he obtained the now-iconic photograph, of the mass murder of Jews in the village of Ivanhorod by the SS.
During the Uprising, Tomaszewski was one of several dozen Polish photographers following the battle. Under heavy fire, he used to extend his hand out with the camera and shoot without showing his head. Nevertheless, he was seriously wounded, and ended up at a prisoner camp in Pruszków. Tomaszewski returned to Warsaw in February 1945 thinking, that his enormous archive had burned down. For years, he refused to take pictures until one day, the rolls of film he took were discovered hidden in a metal container by courier Wacława Zawadzka. About 600 frames were still in a very good shape. In 1977 a big exhibition of his photos were arranged for the first time in Warsaw. Two years later, Tomaszewski published his groundbreaking photo-anthology called "Epizody Powstania Warszawskiego" (Episodes from the Warsaw Uprising). He was awarded the prestigious Order of Polonia Restituta (Krzyż Oficerski Orderu Odrodzenia Polski) on July 29, 2007. 
Jerzy Tomaszewski is the brother of artist Stanisław Miedza-Tomaszewski (also a member of the Polish resistance in World War II).

</doc>
<doc id="18445787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445787" title="Saffarin">
Saffarin

Saffarin () is a Palestinian village in the Tulkarm Governorate in the eastern West Bank, located 11 kilometers South-east of Tulkarm. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, Saffarin had a population of approximately 1,037 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. 9.8% of the population of Saffarin were refugees in 1997. The healthcare facilities for Saffarin are designated as MOH level 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18445827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18445827" title="Portulaca intraterranea">
Portulaca intraterranea

Portulaca intraterranea, large pigweed, is a succulent herb native to deserts of central Australia.
The leaves are succulent, with flowers 2.5-3.5 cm wide. Aborigines eat the thick tap-root which tastes like potato.

</doc>
