<doc id="18326892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326892" title="Świekatowo">
Świekatowo

Świekatowo is a village in Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Świekatowo. It lies approximately west of Świecie and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 1,700.
Massacre during Second World War.
During the German Invasion of Poland in 1939, German forces on 3 September murdered 26 Poles. The massacre happened as Poles were attending Church mass from which they were dragged out by German soldiers and shot.
References.
<br>
Added Category

</doc>
<doc id="18326893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326893" title="Szewno">
Szewno

Szewno () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Świekatowo, west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 290.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326895" title="Tuszyny, Świecie County">
Tuszyny, Świecie County

Tuszyny () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Świekatowo, west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326901" title="Rogalin (disambiguation)">
Rogalin (disambiguation)

Rogalin may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18326904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326904" title="Mount Kuro">
Mount Kuro

Climbing route.
The easiest way up the mountain is to use the Daisetsuzan Sōunkyō Kurodake Ropeway up from Sōunkyō. This takes you approximately up the mountain. You can then use a chairlift to carry you up past the mark. From there it is a hike with switchbacks the rest of the way to the top. You can also hike the entire route parallel to the ropeway and chairlift from Sōunkyō Onsen. A popular route continues past Mount Kuro, around the Ohachi-Daira caldera, over Mount Asahi and down the Asahidake Ropeway to Asahidake Onsen.

</doc>
<doc id="18326907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326907" title="Dave Askren">
Dave Askren

Dave Askren is an American guitarist, recording artist, composer and educator.
Askren teaches guitar at California State University, Los Angeles. He previously taught at Berklee College of Music in Boston.
Askren is a jazz recording artist and has also worked as a sideman with a variety of jazz/Latin jazz/instrumental artists, including Bob Moses, Antonio Hart, Delfeayo Marsalis, Hendrik Muerkins, Stuart Hamm, Bruce Arnold, Bobby Shew, "Rhubumba", Sal Cracciolo, Jimmy Branly, Ramon Banda, Eddie Resto, Joey DeLeon Jr, David King and Reid Anderson (The Bad Plus), Ben Schacter, Gray Sargent, Kevin Eubanks, Gary Foster, Tony Rizzi's "Wire Choir" with Pete Christlieb; Mike Vax, as well as commercial recording artists including Marilyn McCoo, Latoya Jackson, Linda Hopkins, Little Anthony, The Coasters, The Platters, The Diamonds, The Drifters, The Marvelletes, Brenton Wood, and Kenny Hamber.
He lives in Los Angeles.
Discography.
His discography as a leader includes:

</doc>
<doc id="18326921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326921" title="Rhodiapolis">
Rhodiapolis

Rhodiapolis (), also known as Rhodia and Rhodiopolis, was an ancient city in Lycia. Today it is located on a hill northwest of the modern town Kumluca in Antalya Province, Turkey.
History.
It is called Rhodia by Ptolemy (V, 3) and Stephanus Byzantius; Rhodiapolis on its coins and inscriptions; Rhodiopolis by Pliny the Elder, who locates it in the mountains to the north of Corydalla. The city was considered to have been founded by colonists from Rhodes; the name Rhodiapolis means "Rhodian City" in English.
Not much is known of the history of Rhodiapolis. It was a relatively small city in the Lycian League with only one vote, but did have the right to mint coins. A notable amount of silver coins produced in Rhodiapolis have been found.
In the Roman period the city became famous for being the home of the millionaire philanthropist Opramoas. A monument was constructed in his memory close to the city's theater. On the monument's walls is the longest inscription in Lycia, commemorating his benefactions and the numerous honors bestowed on him. According to these, Opramoas donated approximately 500,000 denarii to twenty-eight cities in Lycia to repair the damage caused by an earthquake between 140 and 143 AD. He also funded the construction of two temples at Rhodiapolis. Heraclitus was another famous resident, known for his oratory and knowledge of medicine.
According to inscriptions the city was a center for the cult of Athena Polias during the Hellenistic and Roman period.
Ecclesiastical history.
Rhodiapolis was in the late Roman province of Lycia and so its episcopal see was a suffragan of Myra, the metropolican see of that province. Only one bishop of Rhodiapolis is known, Nicholas, present in 518 at a Council of Constantinople. The "Notitiae episcopatuum" continue to mention the see as late as the 12th or 13th century.
Excavation history.
The city was discovered in 1842 by T. A. B. Spratt. The first visual documentation and detailed investigations of the Opramoas inscriptions were completed by a team led by E. Krickl in 1894. The site was damaged by a large forest fire in 2005. The first excavation campaign at Rhodiapolis was conducted in 2006 on behalf of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and Akdeniz University under the leadership of Nevzat Çevik.
The site today.
The remains of an aqueduct, a small theater, a temple of Asclepius, sarcophagi, and churches are still visible on the site. In 2011 a Lycian cemetery complex was discovered, dating from approximately 300 BC.
Rhodiapolis is one of the pilot sites for the European Union FP7 project called FIRESENSE. In 2010, several cameras and a wireless sensor network were installed at the site and its surroundings by the Electrical and Electronics Engineering Department at Bilkent University. Using this system, wildfires and floods can be automatically detected at the site and its surroundings. The main purpose of the system is to protect this ancient site from natural disasters. It is also possible to remotely monitor the site 24/7, thereby preventing theft and illegal excavations.

</doc>
<doc id="18326924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326924" title="Laugharne Weekend">
Laugharne Weekend

The Laugharne Weekend is an annual arts festival in Wales. 
The festival is held in the spring in the town of Laugharne. Dylan Thomas, Laugharne's most famous inhabitant, described it as a "timeless, mild, beguiling island of a town."
The festival is deliberately small-scale. The size of the town - which itself is very small - ensures that the festival will not grow beyond certain bounds. Its location means that festival visitors and townspeople rub shoulders with the artists and performers.
According to the festival's co-founder, the Cardiff writer John Williams, "The point is that it's a festival that involves the locality." 
He has also said: "I'd sooner start another festival than let it grow too big.""
The Laugharne Weekend concentrates on literature and music, drawing largely from writers and musicians from Wales or who have a connection with Wales. Previous headline performers have included Patti Smith, Ray Davies of the Kinks and Mick Jones of the The Clash.
All events take place in Laugharne's clubs, churches and halls, tiny and intimate venues which entail the close proximity of audience and performers.
The Laugharne Weekend's music director is Richard James, formerly of the Welsh band Gorky's Zygotic Mynci.

</doc>
<doc id="18326926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326926" title="Barstable School">
Barstable School

The Barstable School, also known as The Federation of Chalvedon School and Sixth Form College and Barstable Schools and The East Basildon School, was a mixed intake secondary school in Basildon, Essex.
Admissions.
The school was for students aged 11–16 (school years 7–11). The school was currently run by headmaster Alan Roach, who incidentally, was also head of Chalvedon School and Sixth Form College. Barstable recently received a vastly improved Ofsted inspection, bringing the school up to standard requirements. The school has received the Sportsmark designation and is part of Creative Partnerships.
The school was situated on the south side of the A1321, just west of the A132 roundabout, around one mile directly east of Basildon town centre. The part of Basildon known as Barstable is named after the former Barstable Hall.
History.
Grammar school.
The Barstable School building first opened on March 1, 1962 as the Barstable Grammar and Technical School, a grammar technical school. The grammar school was designed by the Finnish architect Cyril Leonard Sjöström Mardall (of YRM Architects, Yorke, Rosenberg and Mardall).
The school started before the building existed. Students were housed temporarily in Woodlands Boys School from September 1958 and in Woodlands Girls School in September 1959. The boys and girls were joined as mixed classes after the February half term in 1962.
Comprehensive.
In 1968, the Grammar and Technical School under the Headmaster G G Whitehead merged with the Timberlog Secondary Modern School. When the two schools merged into one school, it took the name of Barstable School. Timberlog Secondary School became a housing estate in the 1990s, following a time as the site of the Lower School.
On 2 November 1973, many children from the school were injured when involved in a coach collision with a lorry in Orpington, when on a school holiday.
On 30 March 1993 the building became a Grade II listed building. Around this time, the school was grant-maintained.
On 16 September 2003, a 14 year old boy was taken ill in a PE lesson, and later died in Basildon General Hospital. Tests showed the cause to be an unidentified heart defect, although there has been speculation that Mr Cook who was leading the lesson had pushed the boy too far and caused the death. And more speculation that this didn't happen in the "Warm-up" it happened during cross country in which Jake was lagging behind and Mr Cook jogged beside him and forced him to catch-up by shouting at him aggressively. 
In 2006, David Cameron visited the school. The school suffered from very low, and unacceptable, exam results.
When it closed, over 20% of its pupils were receiving free school meals. Its successful future as a school was not even helped by the fact that from 2008-9 it was receiving £5,137 per pupil, one of the highest in Essex, which had an average of £4,066 per pupil.
Academy.
In September 2009 it became The Basildon Lower Academy, for ages 11–14. Chalvedon School became The Basildon Upper Academy. On development of the Academy, pupil numbers changed from around 400 to around 950.
Blocks.
Barstable School had five blocks - A Block, B Block, L Block, S Block and T Block.
A Block.
This block housed the Art department, Performing Arts, Citizenship and Religious Studies, the Science department, History and Geography. This building contained three floors, and also contained an elevator to ensure ease of access.
B Block.
This block housed Food Technology, the Maths department, the English department and Modern Foreign Languages. It was very similar in structure to "A Block", in that it had three floors, and also contained an elevator.
D Block.
This block contained the Special Needs Department.
S Block.
This block housed the Gym, Sports Hall and a Swimming Pool. It also housed "Jake's Gym". "Jake's Gym" is a gym that has been created in partnership with Pulse. It contained an aerobics centre as well as a fully functioning gym.
T Block.
This block housed the ICT department and the Technology department.
The Federation of Chalvedon and Barstable Schools.
As of January 2006, the school became part of a federation with local school, Chalvedon School. They were both currently run by headmaster Alan Roach. In Mr. Roach's own words:
"As Principal from January 2006, I look forward to leading Barstable School from strength to strength. Mrs Jones, Associate Principal, and I take very seriously our responsibility for the children and for the future of the School.
Our vision is one in which the high standard of education provided is reflected in all pupils’ progress and achievement. Our hope is that most of our pupils will continue their education in our College. Pupils already know that we have the highest expectations of them and that there can be no compromise in standards of attainment, attendance and behaviour. They also know that we will not compromise on the quality of teaching or in our efforts to provide the best possible learning environment."
Academic performance.
In the 1990s, around 20% were gaining five good GCSES.
In 2005 when 10% of those taking taking GCSEs gained 5 good grades, including Maths and English, this was the 34th lowest result in England, and the lowest in Essex LEA (one in nearby Thurrock LEA was lower - former Essex). In 2003 it was 11th lowest in England.

</doc>
<doc id="18326955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326955" title="Moselle (disambiguation)">
Moselle (disambiguation)

Moselle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18326967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326967" title="Paul Cohn">
Paul Cohn

Paul Moritz Cohn FRS (8 January 1924 – 20 April 2006) was Astor Professor of Mathematics at University College London, 1986-9, and author of many textbooks on algebra. His work was mostly in the area of algebra, especially non-commutative rings.
Ancestry and early life.
He was the only child of Jewish parents, James (or Jakob) Cohn, owner of an import business, and Julia ("née" Cohen), a schoolteacher.
Both of his parents were born in Hamburg, as were three of his grandparents. His ancestors came from various parts of Germany. His father fought in the German army in World War I; he was wounded several times and awarded the Iron Cross. A street in Hamburg is named in memory of his mother.
When he was born, his parents were living with his mother's mother in Isestraße. After her death in October 1925, the family moved to a rented flat in a new building in Lattenkamp, in the Winterhude quarter. He attended a kindergarten then, in April 1930, moved to Alsterdorfer Straße School. After a while, he had a new teacher, a National Socialist, who picked on him and punished him without cause. Thus in 1931 he moved to the Meerweinstraße School where his mother taught.
Following the rise of the Nazis in 1933, his father's business was confiscated and his mother dismissed. He moved to the Talmud-Tora-Schule, a Jewish school. In mid 1937, the family moved to Klosterallee. This was nearer the school, the synagogue and other pupils, being in the Jewish area. His German teacher was Dr. Ernst Loewenberg, the son of the poet Jakob Loewenberg.
On the night of 9/10 November 1938 (Kristallnacht), his father was arrested and sent to Sachsenhausen concentration camp. He was released after four months, but told to emigrate. Cohn went to Britain in May 1939 on the Kindertransport to work on a chicken farm, and never saw his parents again. He corresponded regularly with them until late 1941. At the end of the War, he learned that they were deported to Riga on 6 December 1941 and never returned. At the end of 1941 the farm closed. He trained as a precision engineer, acquired a work permit and worked in a factory for 4½ years. He passed the Cambridge Scholarship Examination, and won an exhibition to Trinity College, Cambridge.
Career.
He received a B.A in Mathematics from Cambridge University in 1948 and a Ph.D. (supervised by Philip Hall) in 1951. He then spent a year as a Chargé de Recherches at the University of Nancy. On his return, he became lecturer in mathematics at Manchester University. He was a visiting professor at Yale University in 1961-62, and for part of 1962 was at the University of California at Berkeley. On his return, he became Reader at Queen Mary College. He was a visiting professor at the University of Chicago in 1964 and at the State University of New York at Stony Brook in 1967. By then, he was regarded as one of the World's leading algebraists.
Also in 1967, he became head of the Department of Mathematics at Bedford College. He held several visiting professorships, in America, Paris, Delhi, Canada, Haifa and Bielefeld. He was awarded the Lester R Ford Award from the Mathematical Association of America in 1972 and the Senior Berwick Prize of the London Mathematical Society in 1974.
In the early 1980s, funding cuts caused the closure of the small colleges of the University of London. Cohn moved to University College in 1984, together with the two other experts at Bedford on ring theory, Bill Stephenson and Warren Dicks. He became Astor Professor of Mathematics there in 1986. He continued to be a visiting professor, for example to the University of Alberta in 1986 and to Bar Ilan University in 1987. He retired in 1989, but remained active as Professor Emeritus and Honorary Research Fellow until his death.
He was President of the London Mathematical Society, 1982-4, having been its secretary, 1965–67 and a Council member in 1968-71, 1972–75 and 1979-82. He was editor of the Society's Monographs in 1968-77 and 1980-93. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1980 and was on its council, 1985-87. He was a member of the Mathematical Committee of the Science Research Council, 1977-1980. He chaired the National Committee for Mathematics, 1988-9.
Mathematical work.
In all, Cohn wrote nearly 200 mathematical papers. He worked in many areas of algebra, mainly in non-commutative ring theory. His first papers, covering many topics, were published in 1952. He generalised a theorem due to Wilhelm Magnus, and worked on the structure of tensor spaces. In 1953 he published a joint paper with Kurt Mahler on pseudo-valuations and in 1954 he published a work on Lie algebras.
Papers over the next few years covered areas such as group theory, field theory, Lie rings, semigroups, Abelian groups and ring theory. He published his first book, on Lie groups, in 1957. After that, he moved into the areas of Jordan algebras, Lie division rings, skew fields, free ideal rings and non-commutative unique factorisation domains. He published his second book, Linear equations, in 1958 and his third, Solid geometry, in 1961. Universal algebra appeared in 1965 (second edition 1981). After that, he concentrated on non-commutative ring theory and the theory of algebras.
His monograph "Free rings and their relations" appeared in 1971. It covered the work of Cohn and others on free associative algebras and related classes of rings, especially free ideal rings. He included all of his own published results on the embedding of rings into skew fields. The second, enlarged edition appeared in 1985.
Cohn also wrote undergraduate textbooks. "Algebra" volume I appeared in 1974 and volume II in 1977. The second edition, in three volumes, appeared in 1982–1990.
Private life.
His recreation was etymology and language in all its forms, and he translated mathematical papers into Spanish, Italian, Russian and Chinese. He married Deirdre Finkel in 1958, and they had two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="18326975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326975" title="Libor Kozák">
Libor Kozák

Libor Kozák (born 30 May 1989) is a Czech professional footballer who plays as a striker for Aston Villa in the Premier League. He is a member of the Czech Republic national football team.
Career.
SFC Opava.
Kozák started his career in 2001 with Czech club Slezský FC Opava, first playing with its youth teams before being promoted to the first team in 2007. Considered a promising talent, Kozák was a prolific goalscorer in the Czech Second Division with Opava. In October 2007 he scored his first hat-trick, coming in a 5–1 Opava win against FC Zenit Čáslav in the second division.
In January 2008, Kozák went on trial with English Premier League club Portsmouth, however he did not join Pompey. At the end of the season, Italian giants Lazio came calling and Kozák accepted a move to Rome.
Lazio.
Kozák joined Lazio in July 2008, signing a five-year contract, with rumours that Lazio club president Claudio Lotito paid a 1.2 million euro (1.8 million dollars) transfer fee.
Kozák made his long-awaited Serie A debut on 2 May 2009, coming on as a substitute for Mauro Zárate in the 84th minute against Inter at the San Siro. Lazio lost the match 0–2.
After a season at Lazio, the club loaned him to Serie B side Brescia for the 2009–10 season, to gain experience and regular playing time. On 26 September 2009, Kozák scored his first goal in Italy against Grosseto.
At the end of his loan spell, he returned to Lazio. He scored his first goal for the "Biancocelesti" on 18 September 2010, scoring the winner against Fiorentina. He went on to score the winner against Sampdoria on 16 January 2011. Two weeks later he registered his third and fourth goals for Lazio, against Fiorentina once again. He later won the attraction of Michal Bílek, manager of Czech Republic, as the latter made a special trip to Stadio Olimpico to watch his game against Bari.
In the 2012–13 season Kozák, under coach Vladimir Petković, had a two faced season where he failed to score in 19 appearances in Serie A, but finished the season as the leading goal scorer in the Europa League with 8 goals. He scored his first club hat trick vs VFB Stuttgart in Rome on Thursday 14 March 2013, helping his team reach the last eight by an aggregate score of 5–1.
Aston Villa.
On 2 September 2013, Kozák signed a four-year deal with English side Aston Villa, being assigned the number 27 shirt. On 14 September 2013, Kozák made his Aston Villa debut at Villa Park, but couldn't prevent the side from losing 2–1 to Newcastle United. On 21 September 2013, Kozák scored his first goal for Villa, seconds after replacing Christian Benteke, against Norwich City which proved to be the winning goal in a 1–0 victory. On 9 November 2013, Kozak scored his second Villa goal with a header in a 2–0 victory against Cardiff City. On 4 December 2013, he scored the second goal in a 3–2 victory over Southampton.
On 2 January 2014 Villa announced that Kozak had broken his right leg in a training ground collision with team-mate Ciaran Clark, and would miss the rest of the 2013–14 season.
International career.
Kozák played for the Czech under-21 team, representing the team at the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship.
Kozák received his first call up for the senior Czech national team on 15 March 2011, when coach Michal Bílek selected him in his squad to take on Spain and Liechtenstein, however Kozák did not make his senior international debut.

</doc>
<doc id="18326980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326980" title="Yongan Market Station">
Yongan Market Station

The Taipei Metro Yongan Market Station is a station on the Zhonghe Line (part of the Orange Line) located in Zhonghe District, New Taipei, Taiwan.
Station overview.
This four-level, underground station has two stacked side platforms (a split platform configuration) and a one exit. The platforms are aligned parallel to one another.

</doc>
<doc id="18326991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326991" title="Remuh Cemetery">
Remuh Cemetery

The Remuh Cemetery, also known as the Old Jewish Cemetery of Kraków, located in Kraków, Poland, is an inactive Jewish historic cemetery established in 1535. It is located in the Renaissance Kazimierz district of the city beside the 16th-century Remuh Synagogue, at 40 Szeroka Street. In 1800, the cemetery was closed and the nearby New Jewish Cemetery was built at 55 Miodowa Street. Izaak Jakubowicz, donor of the Izaak Synagogue is buried there. 
During the German occupation of Poland, the Nazis destroyed the cemetery tearing down the walls and hauling away tombstones to be used as paving stones in the camps, or selling them for profit. The tombstone of the Remah (Rabbi Moses Isserles) is one of the few that remained intact. The cemetery has undergone a series of post-war restorations. As is common in contemporary Poland, all tombstones unearthed as paving stones have been returned and re-erected, although they represent a small fraction of the monuments that once stood in the cemetery. 
The cemetery holds the gravesites of many notable Polish Jews, including: 

</doc>
<doc id="18326999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326999" title="The Customs House, South Shields">
The Customs House, South Shields

The Customs House is an arts venue in South Shields, South Tyneside, North East England. It is the only non-amateur theatre in the borough, the local arts development agency, the largest gallery and, until recently, the only cinema.
History.
The Customs House was established in 1848 at Mill Dam.
When the Daltons Lane warehouses were refurbished in 2004 the builder found old mortuary slabs. With further research it was discovered that the building had previously been a morgue. The flats in front of this building were once a police station and it was concluded that any bodies found in the river in Mill Dam during that time were then transported into the morgue directly behind the station.
The Customs House was acquired by the Tyne and Wear Development Corporation as part of the redevelopment plans, along with the Daltons Lane warehouses. Both are leased to The Customs House Trust on a 99 year lease with a peppercorn rent. With the demise of the Development Corporation, the freehold of both buildings transferred to South Tyneside MBC.
Facilities.
The building comprises a theatre of 441 seats, a 145 seat studio, a gallery, a restaurant, a bar, a box-office, and a community room that holds 100 people. The offices, rehearsal room and Community Room are located in refurbished warehouses running alongside the main building (Daltons Lane).
The Customs House is managed by The Customs House Trust, a company limited by guarantee with charitable status. The founding members of the Trust were South Tyneside MBC, Tyne and Wear Development Corporation and Northern Arts and each had the right to nominate two members to the Board. The current Executive Director of the Customs House is Ray Spencer (MBE), who has been in the position since the year 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18327008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327008" title="Beethoven Quartet Society">
Beethoven Quartet Society

The Beethoven Quartet Society was a musical society established in 1845 in London, England dedicated to the String quartets of Ludwig van Beethoven.
The society was established by Thomas Massa Alsager (1779–1846). It was based at 76 Harley Street, London. Concerts were given under the title "Honour to Beethoven", and included works by other composers. One of its express aims was to study the late quartets from score. After Alsager's death in 1846 French cellist Scipion Rousselot directed the society. Violist Henry Hill undertook writing the programme notes. 
The society were the first to present a performance of the complete cycle of the Beethoven string quartets, running from April 21, 1845 and June 16, 1845, with Camillo Sivori, Prosper Sainton, Henry Hill and Scipion Rousselot.
Other musicians, who played at the society's concerts, include Joseph Joachim, Henryk Wieniawski (both as violinist and violist), Heinrich Wilhelm Ernst, Alfredo Piatti, Louis Ries, and Ludwig Strauss.
One particular line-up was noted with Joachim and Ernst playing the violin, Wienawski the viola, and Piatti the cello.
Hector Berlioz attended at least one of the society's concerts at the "New Beethoven Room" (at the building at 27 Queen Anne Street, where he lived) and this made enough of an impression to mention it in his book "Evenings with the Orchestra".

</doc>
<doc id="18327016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327016" title="Dingxi Station">
Dingxi Station

The Taipei Metro Dingxi Station is a station on the Zhonghe Line located in Yonghe District, New Taipei City, Taiwan.
Station overview.
This four-level, underground station has an island platform and two exits.

</doc>
<doc id="18327020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327020" title="Marcel de Souza">
Marcel de Souza

Marcel Ramon Ponickwar de Souza (born December 4, 1956 in Campinas) is a retired Brazilian basketball player. He played at 4 FIBA World Championships (1974, 1978, 1982, 1990). He totaled 32 games and 399 points during that competitions and won a bronze medal in 1978. De Souza played for Brazil in Olympic Games of 1980, 1984, 1988 and 1992, too.

</doc>
<doc id="18327023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327023" title="Chee Soo">
Chee Soo

Chee Soo (June 4, 1919 — August 29, 1994) was the author of several best selling books about the philosophy of Taoism and in particular the Taoist Arts of the Lee-style. He was also a teacher of the Taoist Arts including Lee-style t'ai chi ch'uan, Qigong, Traditional Chinese Medicine and Feng Shou 'Hand of the Wind' Kung Fu with more than sixty years experience in Britain and around Europe and the Commonwealth countries.
Biography.
According to his birth certificate, born Clifford Soo on 4 June 1919 in All Souls, Marylebone, London, he was the son of Ah Soo who was a chef at the Westminster restaurant. His father was of Chinese origin and his mother was English named Beatrice Annie Ah Soo (née Gibbs).
His book published by HarperCollins in 1986 called "The Taoist Ways of Healing" (ISBN 085030475X) contains some autobiographical information about his early life:
Chee Soo was born of a Chinese father and an English mother, and as they died when he was only a very young child, he was brought up in a Dr Barnardo's home, which was and still is a charitable orphanage. He started his first job, as a page-boy in a nursing home in Earls Court, West London, and in his spare time he used to go to Hyde Park to enjoy the fresh air, watch the horse riders exercising their animals, and to play with his ball.
However, something happened that was to alter the whole course of his future life. One Sunday afternoon, he went to the park to play with his ball, when suddenly it bounced rather erratically, and accidentally hit the back of an elderly gentleman who was sitting on a park bench. Having recovered his ball, he went up to the gentleman to offer his apologies, only to see that the man was also Chinese. As it was a very rare thing to see another Chinese in London in those days, they began to talk together, and even arranged to meet again. So the two began to meet fairly regularly — whenever the opportunity and the weather permitted, and a very strong friendship developed between Chee Soo and the gentleman, who was Chan Kam Lee.
In the summer of 1934, Chee Soo was invited to Chan Lee's class, and that was the beginning of the training that he has maintained ever since, and it was surely the ordained way of the Tao that enabled Chee Soo to start his learning of the vast range of the Taoist martial, philosophical, healing and cultural arts in this way. It gave great happiness to Chan Lee for he had no family of his own, and as he earnestly desired to keep the Taoist arts alive, he adopted Chee Soo as a nephew, and taught him the arts whenever his work and time permitted. For Chee Soo it meant that he had someone on whom he could rely, and to advise him, and teach him the fundamentals of the Taoist philosophical attitude to life and all that it meant.
In 1937 Chee Soo joined the 2nd Battalion of the Royal Tank Regiment who later became known as the Desert rats and fought in various campaigns during the second world war and was awarded the Military Medal in the Battle of Beda Fomm, he was captured by the Japanese in Burma in 1942 where he contracted Malaria:
In 1939 the Second World War broke out, and Chee Soo did his share of fighting as a Tank Commander in the Second Battalion of the Royal Tank Corps, in France, in North Africa — where he won the Military Medal, and in Burma where, after a hectic battle, he was finally taken prisoner by the Japanese. He went through many periods of beatings, torture, starvation and very hard work as a member of a working party in the mountains between India and Burma. Finally, three years later, as the Japanese started to retreat from the advancing Allies, he managed to escape into the Shan Mountains of West Burma and made his way over very rugged terrain and through many jungles, till finally one month afterwards he was able to make contact with the Allies again. Three months after recuperation and treatment (for he then weighed only 84 lbs), he was flown back to England, where he was able to enjoy a long leave with his wife. After that, he was discharged from the forces and took a course in book-keeping, stock control, commercial history and sales promotion.
He managed to make contact with Chan Lee again after the war was finished, and the class in Holborn was restarted. In 1950, Chee Soo, with Chan Lee's permission, formed his own class in Manor Road School, West Ham, East London.
The author Rupert Croft-Cooke who was Chee's friend from 1938 provides us with some biographical details of this period in Chee Soo's life in his book 'The Dogs of Peace'.
Clifford Gibbs had got his rather grand name from Dr Barnardo's Homes, for he had been reared in one of these, the son of a Chinese father and English mother, neither of whom he had ever seen. I had known him before the war and was as proud as he was of the Military Medal he had earned as a Corporal in the Royal Armoured Corps in North Africa. He had been sent to Burma and taken prisoner by the Japanese, and suffered unspeakable tortures and humiliations because of his race, separated as he was from his fellow British. He had survived and, inwardly as inscrutable as a Conrad character, a little like Wang in Victory, he had married a blonde English girl and had an exquisite baby daughter whose godfather I became at a Sunday afternoon service in an East End Anglican church.
Clifford, who went about life methodically, was severely industrious and found the means of saving for his family even in those days of grudging wages. But he had a humorous cheerful side to his character and enlivened my flat during his weekly visits between office hours and his return to Durban Street, E.15. He was an expert wrestler and had earned the Judo black belt. Only from the depths of his character emerged sometimes the exotic or oriental; in speech and manner he was very much an Englishman, and it was strange to hear from his curved lips words that might have been used by any London ex-soldier. I am glad to have had his friendship throughout those years.
After the death of his teacher, Chee Soo went on to become the President of the Taoist Society and taught a variety of Taoist Arts ranging from self-defence techniques to healing and spiritual disciplines such as Chinese Medicine, ch'i kung and meditation:
In the winter of 1953-4, Chan Lee died, off the coast of China, near Canton, when the ship he was traveling in sank in a severe storm, and so Chee Soo was asked to take over the leadership of the Association. However, in deference to the memory of Chan Lee, Chee Soo declined to accept any title within the Association at that particular time. By 1959, groups and clubs were becoming formed all over the world, and they were all asking for leadership. For this reason, Chee Soo decided to accept the post of President of the Association. Since then the Association has grown from strength to strength in The British Isles, Australia, South Africa, France, Germany, Holland, Mauritius and New Zealand.
Our Society only teaches the Taoist arts of The Eight Strands of the Brocade’, which comprise:
Ch’ang Ming — Taoist long life health diet therapy
Ts’ao Yao — Taoist herbal therapy
AnMo — Taoist massage
Tao Yin — Taoist respiration therapy
Tien Chen — Taoist Acupressure (Spot Pressing)
Chen Tuan — Taoist diagnosis techniques
Chili Nung — (The way of occlusion)
There are two associations which are affiliated to our Society:
The Chinese Cultural Arts Association, who teach:
T'ai chi ch'uan — The Supreme Ultimate
K’ai Men — (Taoist Yoga or the Taoist form of Ch'i Kung)
I Fu Shou — (Sticky Hands)
Li Kung — (Taoist development of Li energy)
Mo Kun — (Taoist Wand for Li energy control)
Mo Hsiang — (Taoist Meditation)
Also T'ai Chi Dance, T'ai Chi Stick and T'ai Chi Sword.
and The International Wu Shu Association, who teach:
Feng Shou — (‘Hand of the Wind' Kung fu, very soft, very gentle, and very fast, and suitable for women and men of all ages).
Chi Shu — (A Taoist form of self defence with throws & breakfalls similar to Aikido).
and all the other forms of the Taoist fighting arts including those involving weaponslike Tao Shu (Sword) & Kan Shu (Stick/Spear).
Chee Soo was also involved as a fight choreographer with the cult TV series The Avengers during the 1960s as is evidenced by publicity photographs of him with Ray Austin (himself a Black Belt third dan Kung Fu Master and pupil of Soo’s) and Diana Rigg probably taken around 1967. He brought Kung Fu before a western audience years before Bruce Lee had even been heard of.
The Guinness world record site states that "In 1965, Dame Diana Rigg (UK) became the first western actress to perform kung fu on Television when the combat choreographers Ray Austin (UK) and Chee Soo (UK/China) worked elements of the martial art into her fight scenes on The Avengers. Certificate presentation was done on The New Paul O'Grady Show."
During the 1970s he ran a Chinese Health and Herbal clinic in London.
According to a British Movietone News documentary filmed on 21 May 1970 at Guildford in Surrey - UK, Chee Soo had over 2000 students studying Wu Shu in Britain as part of the British Wu Shu Association. He was only one of three men outside of Beijing qualified to teach Wu Shu.
According to an interview with Marilyn Soo who is Chee Soo's widow, during the 1980s he moved to Coventry and spent his time writing and teaching courses in Lee-style t'ai chi ch'uan and Feng Shou Kung Fu at the Alderman Callow School in Coventry (now called The Westwood School) and other locations around Britain, as well as visiting some of his students overseas in places like Australia and around Europe.
He died in Ebbw Vale on 29 August 1994 as a result of an abdominal aneurism caused by deep vein thrombosis probably aggravated by several long haul plane flights during the previous two years.
Books.
Chee Soo's books were first published in hardback by Gordon and Cremonesi from 1976, then by Aquarian Press (Thorsons/HarperCollins) from 1983 who published reprints throughout the 1980s which topped the best sellers listings for several years. They have been translated into various languages including Portuguese (Brazilian), Polish, German, French (distributed in Canada, France, Belgium, Switzerland, Portugal), Indonesian, Spanish, and Italian and published throughout the world. His books are now in the process of being reprinted by Seahorse Books.
References.
All quotes are reproduced with the permission of the copyright holder.

</doc>
<doc id="18327031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327031" title="Broader Middle East and North Africa Initiative">
Broader Middle East and North Africa Initiative

The Broader Middle East and North Africa Initiative (BMENA) is a set of projects initiated by G8 and the states in the Middle East (Mashriq) and North Africa (Maghreb) at the Forum for the Future (Bahrain 2005).

</doc>
<doc id="18327055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327055" title="Newholm-cum-Dunsley">
Newholm-cum-Dunsley

Newholm-cum-Dunsley is a civil parish in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire, England.
According to the 2011 UK census, Newholm-cum-Dunsley parish had a population of 192, a decrease on the 2001 UK census figure of 213.

</doc>
<doc id="18327061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327061" title="Scottish Argentine">
Scottish Argentine

A Scottish Argentine population has existed at least since 1825. There are an estimated 100,000 Argentines of Scottish ancestry, the most of any country outside the Anglosphere.
History.
The first Argentine woman to earn a Doctor of Medicine degree was Cecilia Grierson, of Scottish ancestry. No less than two schools in Argentina have been founded by Scottish immigrants: St. Andrew's Scots School in 1838 and Balmoral College in 1959. In addition, the association football club Club Atlético Douglas Haig is named after the Scottish military commander Douglas Haig, 1st Earl Haig.
There have been Scottish Gaelic classes in Buenos Aires for over ten years now, and they are taken by Guillermo Santana MacKinlay, who is himself a Scottish Argentine.
Introduction of football.
The so-called "father of Argentine football" was a Glaswegian schoolteacher, Alexander Watson Hutton, who first taught football at St. Andrew's Scots School in Buenos Aires in the early 1880s. On 4 February 1884 he founded the Buenos Aires English High School ["sic"] where he continued to instruct the pupils in the game. In 1891 Hutton established the Association Argentine Football League, the first football league outside of the British Isles. Five clubs competed but only one season was ever played.
His son Arnold Watson Hutton (1886–1951) was an Argentine football striker for the Argentina national team. He also played cricket, tennis and waterpolo for Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18327086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327086" title="Chris Lambert (baseball)">
Chris Lambert (baseball)

Christopher Raymond Lambert (born March 8, 1983) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Detroit Tigers and Baltimore Orioles organization. Lambert was claimed off waivers after the Detroit Tigers designated him for assignment.
High school and college.
Although born in California, Lambert moved to Manchester, New Hampshire, where he attended Manchester Memorial High School. Lambert initially planned to attend Holderness School, but while playing American Legion baseball the summer out of high school his 90–95 mph fastball attracted attention from college recruiters. With offers from Florida State University, Clemson, LSU and Boston College, Lambert opted for Boston College, praising its "great academic reputation", "very good baseball program" and its closeness to Manchester. Lambert started at BC in early 2002, and immediately made a strong impression, going 9–3 with a 2.76 ERA. The Big East conference named him "Rookie of the Year" and "Pitcher of the Year", while Baseball America granted him "Freshman All-America honors." In the summer of 2002, Lambert pitched for the Concord Quarry Dogs of the New England Collegiate Baseball League, going 3–2 with a 1.55 ERA in nine appearances. Lambert remained strong for the 2002- academic year, posting an 8–2 record with a 2.71 ERA and continuing to receive accolades. Lambert returned to Boston College for a third year, going 6–4 with a 3.02 ERA. Impressed, the St. Louis Cardinals selected Lambert as their No. 1 draft pick, 19th pick overall.
Professional career.
St. Louis Cardinals.
The Cardinals assigned Lambert to the Single-A Peoria Chiefs in the Midwest League and began playing immediately, posting a 1–1 record with an ERA of 2.38 in nine starts. Promoted to the Single-A Palm Beach Cardinals for the 2005 season he continued to dominate, going 7–1 with a 2.63 ERA in ten starts and earning a quick promotion to the Double-A Springfield Cardinals in the Texas League. The transition to Double-A baseball proved difficult; Lambert went 3–8 with a 6.35 ERA. In an interview, Lambert admitted that he "hadn't pitched that well, yet." A bright spot came at the end of the year when he was named to the United States national baseball team.
Lambert returned to Double-A for the 2006 season and showed improvement, posting a winning record (10–9) and a lowered ERA of 5.30. Lambert made a single appearance at the end of the season with the Triple-A Memphis Redbirds, but was tagged for a loss, giving up three runs in four innings. After stints in spring training and minor league camp to open the 2007 season, Lambert was back in Springfield again. After a strong start, however, the Cardinals promoted him to Memphis, this time for good. However, for the first time, Lambert would be working out of the bullpen: after years in the minors, he was no longer the power pitcher he had been in college. Lambert was philosophical about the change: "I guess that's just the way they thought I'd get to the big leagues. I've had my good innings and bad innings." Lambert would not, however, reach the majors with the Cardinals; on August 30, 2007, he was traded to the Detroit Tigers as the player to be named later to complete the deal which sent pitcher Mike Maroth to the Cardinals. The Tigers assigned Lambert to the Toledo Mud Hens, their Triple-A club.
Detroit Tigers.
Lambert's time as a relief pitcher for Memphis had not been a success: in 28 appearances he was 1–4 with an ERA of 7.49. The Tigers, accordingly, returned Lambert to a starting role. He made one start at the tail end of the 2007 season; a six-inning performance in which he allowed just one hit while striking out ten. The Tigers invited Lambert to 2008 spring training, but he did not make the major league cut and returned to Toledo, where in his first 12 starts he is 5–3 with an ERA of 3.37. On August 23, the Tigers announced their intention to recall Lambert to start on the 26th in place of the struggling Nate Robertson. Lambert made his first major league debut for the Tigers on August 26, against the Cleveland Indians. He struck out the first batter he faced, Indians outfielder Grady Sizemore.
Lambert was designated for assignment August 18, 2009.
Baltimore Orioles.
Lambert was claimed off waivers by Baltimore August 20, 2009. He would appear in four major-league games with Baltimore at the end of that season, pitching a total of 5 2/3 innings, all in relief. His contract was not renewed for the following season, and he did not return to the minor leagues, so that his professional baseball career ended after 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18327104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327104" title="Roza Pomerantz-Meltzer">
Roza Pomerantz-Meltzer

Róża Pomerantz-Meltzer, also Róża Melcerowa (November 5, 1880 - October 19, 1934) of Lviv, was elected to the Sejm, the Parliament of Poland. She was elected in 1922 as a member of a Zionist party.

</doc>
<doc id="18327114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327114" title="Nir Etzion">
Nir Etzion

Nir Etzion (, lit. "Etzion Meadow") is a religious moshav shitufi in northern Israel. Located between Ein Hod and Ein Hawd near Atlit, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaCarmel Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 877.
The village was established in 1950 as a kibbutz by refugees from Kfar Etzion and Be'erot Yitzhak (which had been captured by the Jordanian and Egyptian armies during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War) as well as Holocaust survivors and members of the "Ahdut" and "Tikva" kvutzot. It was named after Kfar Etzion. 
In 1953 it converted to a moshav shitufi.

</doc>
<doc id="18327117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327117" title="Maciej Krzykowski">
Maciej Krzykowski

Maciej Krzykowski (born April 1, 1991), who also goes by the pseudonym Av3k, is a professional electronic sports Quake and ShootMania player. He has Polish nationality and resides in Ostróda. He actively competes in international Quake competitions and was signed to Razer and Dutch electronic sports team Serious Gaming but is now a part of French organization Millenium.
On July 8, 2007, he became the youngest Quake champion ever after winning the Electronic Sports World Cup in Paris without losing a single map.
Biography.
Quake IV (2006-2007).
Krzykowski is widely regarded as the strongest Quake IV player ever alongside former Swedish professional gamer Johan "Toxjq" Quick and was defeated by only four other players: Anton "Cooller" Singov, Alex "Ztrider" Ingarv, Magnus "fox" Olsson, and Toxjq. He faced Johnathan "Fatal1ty" Wendel three times in competition and has gone undefeated. One of Krzykowski's victories is considered to be the sixth biggest moment in professional gaming by GamePro.
He was considered a prodigy player due to his young age. In 2006, he was nominated for Player of the Year and Quake Revelation of the Year by competitive gaming media around the world. In 2007, he was awarded the eSports Award's 'Breakthrough of the Year'.
Quake III (2008).
Following Quake IV, he focused on Quake III competitions in 2008, as it became the main competitive first-person shooter. He took third place at his first competition in the game, losing to Magnus "fox" Olsson and Alexey "Cypher" Yanushevsky at the ESWC Masters of Paris event. Later that year, he won two major competitions (DreamHack and GameGune) and took third place at the ESWC Masters of Athens in Athens, Greece. He was unable to defend his Electronic Sports World Cup title as his visa to the United States was denied.
Quake Live (2009-present).
Following the beta launch of Quake Live, it became the main competitive first-person shooter starting in 2009, a year in which no Electronic Sports World Cup took place. This, combined with the previous cancellation of the World Series of Video Games, resulted in few remaining professional competitions. In 2010, the Electronic Sports World Cup renewed their lineup with Quake Live, as did Intel Extreme Masters. Krzykowski proved himself as one of the strongest players, taking second place at the European championship of the Intel Extreme Masters in 2010 and third place at the world championship. He additionally defended his DreamHack championship in 2009 and 2010.
During DreamHack Winter 2012, Krzykowski announced his retirement from Quake Live due to his inability to win any major tournaments in the last two years. He stated, "I just decided to not let people down anymore." After his victory of the FaceIt Legends Cup, however, Krzykowski retracted his previous announcement and relabled his retirement as a hiatus. He cited his repeated losses to fellow progamer rapha demoralized him, and in response, he would take a break from Quake Live and improve his mental state.
ShootMania (2012-present).
In June 2012, French organization Millenium signed three players to represent their ShootMania team, consisting of three current Quake progamers: Kevin "Strenx" Baeza, Alexey "Cypher" Yanushevsky, and Krzykowski himself.

</doc>
<doc id="18327118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327118" title="2007–08 Druga HNL">
2007–08 Druga HNL

The 2007-08 Druga HNL season was the 17th since its establishment. The first placed team were Croatia sesvete and the last four clubs were relegated to Treća HNL.
Changes from last season.
The following clubs have been promoted or relegated at the end of the 2006–07 season:
From 2. HNL.
Promoted to 1. HNL
Relegated to 3. HNL
To 2. HNL.
Relegated from 1. HNL
Promoted from 3. HNL

</doc>
<doc id="18327125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327125" title="Aceburic acid">
Aceburic acid

Aceburic acid (INN) is a sedative drug. It is the acetyl ester of gamma hydroxy butyrate (GHB).

</doc>
<doc id="18327132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327132" title="The Sow of Atholl">
The Sow of Atholl

The Sow of Atholl (also known as Meall an Dobharchain) is a Scottish hill which is situated 27 kilometres WNW of the town of Blair Atholl in Perth and Kinross council area. It stands on the western side of the Pass of Drumochter in a group of hills which lie around Coire Dhomhain.
Overview.
The Sow is a steep conical hill which reaches a height of 803 metres (2634 feet) it qualifies as a Corbett and a Marilyn. It throws down its least precipitous slopes to the SE in a broad ridge to Dalnaspidal Lodge from where the hill is often climbed. It stands immediately next to the A9 and the Highland Main Line as they pass the highest point of the Drumochter Pass and the hill is well seen from the road and railway. The hill's strange Anglicised name is believed to be a “more recent and fanciful name”, a response to match the hill known as the Boar of Badenoch which lies 2.5 km to the north. Its more ancient and correct name is Meall an Dobharchain which translates from the Scottish Gaelic as Watercress Hill and this refers to the marshy ground on the lower SE flanks of the hill where watercress would have grown in the past. Although Watercress Hill is the accepted translation today, in 1854 "The New Statistical Account Of Scotland" referred to the hill as Carnan Dóbhrain which can be translated as Small Cairn of the Otters.
Geography.
The Sow of Atholl is not a hill rich in geographical highlights, its steep slopes are covered in heather interspersed with grass and the occasional boulder. Its one noteworthy feature is the steep valley to the west of the hill which prevents a straight forward walk to the adjoining Munro of Sgairneach Mhòr which lies three km to the SW. The nameless steep glen has been cited as a fine example of a Parabolic glacial valley. It drops 200 metres from the summit plateau of the Sow in a short distance and although the slopes are not unmanageable for a walker, most will contour round the head of the valley when traversing between The Sow and Sgairneach Mhòr rather than take a direct route. The presence of this steep valley gives The Sow its required prominence to give it the status of a separate mountain. All rainfall on the hill goes south to join the drainage basin of the River Tay and reaches the east coast of Scotland at the Firth of Tay.
Biology.
The Sow has several interesting biological specimens on its surface. "Menziesia Caerulea", (Norwegian blue heather) is to be found growing on its slopes, this is a subarctic plant which requires steep, partially stabilised block scree slopes and peaty soil. At one time The Sow of Atholl was thought to be only site in the British Isles where "Menziesia Caerulea" grew but it has now been located growing in the Ben Alder range as well. Other plants native to subarctic regions such as "Cornus suecica" (Eurasian Dwarf Cornel) and "Sibbaldia procumbens" are to be found on the hill.
Ascents and view.
The Sow of Atholl is climbed directly from the A9 road and with a starting altitude of around 400 metres it is not a hard climb. The most popular point to commence a direct ascent is Dalnaspidal Lodge () where there is lay-by parking. The flat area around the lodge is quite boggy and is prone to flooding after wet weather due to presence of a sluice dam. The route goes straight up the SE flanks of the hill which are its least steep. The start at Dalnaspidal gives the opportunity to climb The Sow along with the Corbett Meall na Leitreach which lies five km to the south across Loch Garry. Another possible starting point is 2.5 km further north on the A9 at the summit of the Pass of Drumochter although the climb from here is steeper. The Sow can be climbed as part of a round of Coire Dhomhain, taking in the other Munros of Sgairneach Mhòr, Beinn Udlamain and A' Mharconaich. The top of the hill is marked by a small cairn made up of a few rocks. The highlight of the view is a fine prospect both north and south down the Pass of Drumochter.

</doc>
<doc id="18327135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327135" title="Hindlip Hall">
Hindlip Hall

Hindlip Hall is in Worcestershire. The first major hall was built before 1575. It played a significant role in both the Babington and the Gunpowder plots (where it hid four people in priest holes, who were eventually executed). It was Humphrey Littleton who told the authorities that Edward Oldcorne was hiding here after he had been heard saying Mass at Hindlip Hall. Four people were executed and the owner at that time barely escaped execution himself due to the intercession of Lord Monteagle. Afterwards it was owned by a poet and was for a while a girl's school before being rebuilt by Lord Southwell in 1820. The Hall was designated as a potential home for the war cabinet in 1940. It is now home to the West Mercia Police headquarters.
Early history.
The house was originally built before 1575 to replace an earlier timber framed manor house in a brick construction with towers and large windows, by John Abington, an official in the court of Elizabeth I. John, his wife Catherine, and his three children Edward, Thomas and Dorothy were all Catholic Recusants. After their father's death in 1582, Sir Edward and Sir Thomas were involved in the Babington plot which hoped to put a Catholic queen on the throne. Edward was beheaded but Thomas was shown mercy due to his youth.
Priest holes.
After imprisonment, Thomas and his wife, Mary, retired to Hindlip Hall, which they had adapted as a refuge with priest holes constructed for Catholic priests including some built by Nicholas Owen. Mary was the sister-in-law of Lord Monteagle.
When the Gunpowder plot was discovered, as a result of Lord Monteagle's letter, the Jesuit priest Edward Oldcorne was at Hindlip. Oldcome recounted, under interrogation, that on the 8 November 1605 there arrived Oswald Tesimond from Robert Wintour's who told Mr (H)Abington and himself that "he brought them the worst news that they had ever heard, and they were all undone." Tesimond said that certain people had intended to blow up the parliament house but they had been discovered a few days before.
In December, Oldcorne was joined by Nicholas Owen, Henry Garnet and Ralph Ashley who were hiding because they were also under suspicion of involvement. The hall was searched on 20 January 1606 but no one was discovered and Abington denied that there was anyone hiding. The four were not discovered even though Garnet and Oldcorne were in one hiding place whilst the two lay brothers were in another. However the house continued to be searched for the next twelve days. A document written at the time records they "found two cunning and very artificial conveyances in the main brick-wall, so ingeniously framed, and with such art, as it cost much labour ere they could be found. Three other secret places, contrived with no less skill and industry, were found in and about the chimneys, in one whereof two of the traitors were close concealed. These chimney-conveyances being so strangely formed, having the entrances into them so curiously covered over with brick, mortared and made fast to planks of wood, and coloured black, like the other parts of the chimney, that very diligent inquisition might well have passed by, without throwing the least suspicion upon such unsuspicious places."
There were in fact eleven hiding places discovered. Two of the Jesuits came out after a few days but Oldcorne and Garnet survived for eight days before they surrendered.
Oldcorne and Garnet were arrested by Sir Henry Bromley and held briefly at the castle at Holt before being taken to the Tower of London en route to execution in Worcester.
Thomas was again arrested, and sentenced, but spared. He spent the rest of his life writing. It is said in several sources that he was not allowed outside the county, but there is evidence that this is unlikely.
After the plot.
Thomas's son, William Habington, was a minor poet and his son, Thomas, died without a natural heir and left the hall to Sir William Compton.
Later history.
The old hall was destroyed by fire and was demolished in 1820.
The new hall was built by Viscount Southwell in a Greek Revival style. In the 19th century after his death in 1860 the hall was bought by the Burton-on-Trent brewer, Henry Allsopp, who became the first Baron Hindlip in 1886. The house and gardens continued to be improved. In 1887 Lord Hindlip had a new lake created and the old one was filled in and 4,000 fish were taken out.
The Allsopp family moved to Wiltshire early in the 20th century. The Hall went through a number of uses including about twenty five years as a girls' school.
1940.
During the Second World War it was taken over by the Ministry of Works. There were emergency plans drawn up to move Cabinet level Ministers of the Crown to Hindlip Hall if required, with the Prime Minister's office also based nearby at Spetchley Court. In 1947 after the war it came into the ownership of Worcestershire County Council and the land was set aside for future use as a college, with the main house turned into the headquarters of the County Police.
Today.
Since 1967 the Hall has been the West Mercia Police police headquarters. It is close to junction six of the M5 motorway. The church of St. James is no longer supported by the Church of England (since 1997), but is now the church for the constabulary.
In 1985 the Hall was designated a Grade II* listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="18327148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327148" title="Joseph Emberton">
Joseph Emberton

Joseph Emberton (1889–1956) was an English architect of the early modernist period. He was born 23 December 1889 in Audley, Staffordshire and was educated at the Royal College of Art. He first worked for the London architects Trehearne and Norman between 1913-1914, before serving as a gunner in the Honourable Artillery Company during the First World War. His 1931 design of the Royal Corinthian Yacht Club at Burnham-on-Crouch represented Britain at the influential International Exhibition of Modern Architecture held at Museum of Modern Art in New York City in 1932. He went on to design the Simpsons of Piccadilly department store in 1936 with the interior designed by László Moholy-Nagy, and the Casino at Blackpool's pleasure beach in 1939. Joseph Emberton's archive is located at the University of Brighton Design Archives.

</doc>
<doc id="18327149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327149" title="Collema">
Collema

Collema (jelly lichen) is a genus of lichens in the family Collemataceae. The photobiont is the cyanobacterium genus "Nostoc".

</doc>
<doc id="18327153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327153" title="Jock D. Mackinlay">
Jock D. Mackinlay

Jock D. Mackinlay is an American information visualization expert and Director of Visual Analysis at Tableau Software. With Stuart K. Card, George G. Robertson and others he invented a number of Information Visualization techniques.
Biography.
Jock Mackinlay was born in Nuremberg, Germany and received his BA in Mathematics and Computer Science from UC Berkeley in 1975 and his PhD in computer science from Stanford University in 1986, where he pioneered the automatic design of graphical presentations of relational information. 
In 1976 Mackinlay started working as a Systems Analyst for the Bank of America in San Francisco. In 1977 he became a Systems Analyst at Minimax Research Corporation. From 1979 to 1986 he was Research Assistant at Stanford University. In 1986 he joined Xerox PARC, where he collaborated with the User Interface Research Group to develop many novel applications of computer graphics for information access, coining the term "Information Visualization". Much of the fruits of this research can be seen in his 1999 published book, "Readings in Information Visualization: Using Vision to Think", written and edited with Stuart K. Card and Ben Shneiderman. He holds numerous patents in user interfaces and visual analysis. He joined Tableau Software in 2004 as Director of Visual Analysis. 
From 1997 until 2003 (?) he was Associate Editor of the ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction.
In 2005 Mackinlay won DMReview's data visualization competition.
Publications.
Books:
Articles:

</doc>
<doc id="18327156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327156" title="Tzrufa">
Tzrufa

Tzrufa () is a moshav in northern Israel. Located near Atlit, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaCarmel Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 839.
The village was established in 1949 by immigrants from Algeria and Tunisia. It was named after the depopulated Palestinian village of al-Sarafand on whose lands it was built.

</doc>
<doc id="18327181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327181" title="Klimentovo, Veliko Tarnovo Province">
Klimentovo, Veliko Tarnovo Province

Klimentovo is a village situated in Central North Bulgaria.
It is a part of Polski Trambesh Municipality, Veliko Tarnovo Province.

</doc>
<doc id="18327190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327190" title="Prosper Louis, 7th Duke of Arenberg">
Prosper Louis, 7th Duke of Arenberg

Prosper Louis, 7th Duke of Arenberg (28 April 1785, Enghien – 27 February 1861) was the Duke of Arenberg, a principality of the Holy Roman Empire. He was also the 13th Duke of Aarschot, 2nd Duke of Meppen and 2nd prince of Recklinghausen.
In 1801, Louis Engelbert, Duke of Arenberg, Prosper's father, lost the former Duchy of Arenberg on the left bank of the Rhine but received a larger duchy on the right bank in 1803.
In 1808 Arenberg married Stéphanie Tascher de La Pagerie a niece of Joséphine de Beauharnais (Empress of the French Empire).
His wife was given the present Hôtel de Chimay, known as the "Hôtel de La Pagerie" in Paris in 1808.
He was granted new lands by her husband Napoleon Bonaparte (expanding his holdings from 413 km² to 3,388 km²) and gained the additional titles of Duke of Meppen and Prince of Recklinghausen. He lost his sovereignty over his lands in 1810 when Arenberg was mediatised into France but retain the style of HSH ("His Serene Highness"), which is still used by his descendant.
Arenberg was colonel of the Belgian Chevau-Légers d'Arenberg which fought in the Peninsular War and was wounded captured by the British at the Battle of Arroyo dos Molinos on 28 October 1811.
Arenberg took no part in the 1815 Waterloo Campaign other than to attend the Duchess of Richmond's ball, but his contacts among the British did not save his lands which were lost when they were overrun by the Prussians and the Hanoverians. In 1816 he divorced his first wife and married again in 1819 to Princess Maria-Ludmille de Lobkowicz. Maria-Ludmille and Arenberg had seven children, the third eldest and the first boy Engelbert Auguste, inherited his father's titles becoming the 8th Duke of Arenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18327191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327191" title="MEDUSA (weapon)">
MEDUSA (weapon)

MEDUSA (Mob Excess Deterrent Using Silent Audio) is a directional, non-lethal weapon designed for crowd control and exploiting the microwave auditory effect. It uses microwave pulses to generate uncomfortably high noise levels in human skulls.. In 2008, Sierra Nevada Corporation, a contractor that worked on the Navy's MEDUSA research, announced that they were seeking funding from the US Department of Defense to build demonstration and transportable versions of the system.
MEDUSA is developed by WaveBand Corporation (Sierra Nevada Corporation bought waveband in 2005).

</doc>
<doc id="18327198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327198" title="Malate Church">
Malate Church

Malate Church (formally known as "Malate Catholic Church") is a church in Manila, Philippines. It is a Baroque-style church, which faces the Rajah Sulaiman park and beyond Manila Bay. The church is dedicated to Nuestra Señora de Remedios ("Our Lady of Remedies"), the patroness of childbirth. A revered statue of the Virgin Mary in her role as Our Lady of Remedies was brought from Spain in 1624 and stands at the altar.
History.
The church was built originally in the sixteenth century by the Augustinian friars and is one of the oldest churches in Manila outside of Intramuros. British soldiers took refuge in this church during their occupation of the Philippines and attack on Intramuros in 1762–63; repairs had to be made after they left. The church was destroyed by a typhoon in 1868 and then rebuilt. It was also badly damaged in World War II, and later restored again. The church's rooftop is in a form of a cross on aerial view (similar to the Manila Cathedral).

</doc>
<doc id="18327232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327232" title="Tonin, Poland">
Tonin, Poland

Tonin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327233" title="Rugby union in the Falkland Islands">
Rugby union in the Falkland Islands

Rugby union in the Falkland Islands is a moderately popular sport.
Governing body.
Rugby union is played in the Falkland Islands under the auspices of the (English) Rugby Football Union.
History.
Rugby was first introduced to the Falkland Islands in the 19th Century, and is always of the union variety. Due to the low population of the islands (under 4,000), the islands do not have a proper league system, and games are played on an informal basis. Many teams are from the British military, and occasionally games would be played against visiting ships in past times.
In 1939, a group called the "Tabaris Highlanders" arrived on the islands for a brief two months. They were from the Anglo-Argentine community, and were supposed to defend the islands from a German attack during World War II, and were enrolled into the FIDF. Many of this group were rugby players, including Cpl Thomas Dawson Sanderson, who was president of a rugby club.
Falkland Islands rugby is relatively isolated geographically and is not integrated into South America, or the Confederación Sudamericana de Rugby, which is the continental rugby body. Rugby union is popular in Argentina, but political and historical reasons have prevented any contact in recent times.
Broadcasting.
The Falklands are able to receive some coverage of rugby including the Six Nations Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18327235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327235" title="Valeria Montaldi">
Valeria Montaldi

Valeria Montaldi is an Italian journalist and writer. 
She was born in Milan, where she earned a degree in History of Art Criticism. After about twenty years of journalism dedicated to the art, cultural places and people in Milan, in 2001 she published her first novel, "The Wool Merchant" (Piemme), immediately acclaimed by both public and critics, and which received three prizes: the Premio Ostia Mare in Roma, the Premio Città di Cuneo and the Premio Frignano. "The Wool Merchant" was followed in 2003 by "The Lord of the Hawk" (Piemme), and in 2006 by "The English Monk" (Rizzoli): both were selected for the Premio Bancarella. "The Emperor’s Manuscript" is her last novel and is to be released in September 2008.
Montaldi's stories take place in the mid-1200s and move from the castles in Val D'Aosta to the streets of Milan, from the woods of Lombard county to the Mark of Treviso. The adventures of aristocrats, commoners, monks, heretics, merchants, soldiers, witches and inquisitors are woven together in the narrative. The thread connecting it all is the Benedictine friar Matthew, who, even in the latest novel, finds himself involved in dramatic events set about by a mysterious illuminated manuscript. Many seem to desperately cover the codex, and this creates a series of intrigues that ends up involving the highest dignitaries of the civil and religious powers of the time. The author lives and works in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="18327241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327241" title="Ali Nagar Roda">
Ali Nagar Roda

Ali Nagar Roda is a village located in central Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of the Kamalia Tehsil of Toba Tek Singh District. There is a mosque and Imam Bargah there. It consists of more than hundred houses. Syed families are the ruling authority there.
You can check the geographical location from here Ali Nager Map

</doc>
<doc id="18327256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327256" title="Woodbury (Leetown, West Virginia)">
Woodbury (Leetown, West Virginia)

Woodbury or Woodberry, is a historic mansion located near Leetown, Jefferson County, West Virginia. It was built in 1834-1835 for the jurist and Congressman Henry St. George Tucker, Sr. (1780–1848). It is 2 1/2 stories tall and is built of a stone core, faced with white plaster in a Regency period style. The front facade features a flat-roofed center portico supported by four plain columns in front and two engaged columns in the rear.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18327266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327266" title="Durisdeer">
Durisdeer

Durisdeer is a small village in Dumfries and Galloway, south-west Scotland. It lies north of Thornhill, above the Carron Water, a tributary of the Nith.
A Roman road once passed through the site of the village as a direct route fron Nithsdale to Clydesdale, and the remains of a small, but well preserved Roman fort are located about a mile up the Well Path to the north-east; the defensive ditch and rampart are clearly visible.
The parish church, a category A listed building in the village, also serves Drumlanrig Castle, the 17th-century home of the Duke of Queensberry. Durisdeer Church was rebuilt by the third Duke in the 1720s, to designs by James Smith. Adjoining the church is the slightly earlier Queensberry Aisle, burial place of the dukes, also by Smith, with a large marble monument to the second Duke (1662-1711) and Mary, his duchess, carved by Jan van Nost. The former manse nearby is now a private dwelling.
Durisdeer village mill stands on the Carron Water, some distance away. It is a category B listed building.
Durisdeer was included in the 1978 film version of "The Thirty Nine Steps", starring Robert Powell.

</doc>
<doc id="18327269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327269" title="Vladimir Andreev (basketball)">
Vladimir Andreev (basketball)

Vladimir Georgevich Andreev (; born 14 June 1945 in Moscow) is a retired Russian basketball player. In 1969, along with CSKA Moscow he won the European Champions' Cup against Real Madrid Baloncesto, being the top scorer of the final with 37 points. a 2.15 m center, He was also a member of the Soviet national team from 1967 to 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18327306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327306" title="Mulde event">
Mulde event

The Mulde event was a secundo-secundo event, and marked the second of three relatively minor mass extinctions during the Silurian period. It coincided with a global drop in sea level, and is closely followed by an excursion in geochemical isotopes. Its onset is synchronous with the deposition of the Fröel formation in Gotland.
Notes.
The Ireviken event and Lau event, other late Silurian extinction events, were both closely followed by isotopic excursions, as was the Mulde event.

</doc>
<doc id="18327309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327309" title="Acecarbromal">
Acecarbromal

Acecarbromal was discovered by Bayer in 1917. As (Abasin, Carbased, Paxarel, Sedacetyl, Sedanyl), also known as acetyladalin and acetylcarbromal, it was a hypnotic and sedative drug formally sold in the United States and Europe. It is also used in combination with extract of quebracho and vitamin E as a treatment for erectile dysfunction under the brand name Afrodor in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18327311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327311" title="When We Were Young (album)">
When We Were Young (album)

When We Were Young is the debut release from Dusted. It was re-released in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18327312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327312" title="Zalesie Królewskie">
Zalesie Królewskie

Zalesie Królewskie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Świekatowo, west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 685.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327318" title="Bąkowo">
Bąkowo

Bąkowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327319" title="Bąkowo, Świecie County">
Bąkowo, Świecie County

Bąkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Warlubie, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327320" title="Bąkowski Młyn">
Bąkowski Młyn

Bąkowski Młyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Warlubie, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327322" title="Mid Murray Association Championship">
Mid Murray Association Championship

Mid Murray Association Championship (MMAC) Founded in 1988 (Mid Murray Association Championships)is a league with 12 teams. The Top team is Promoted to the MMPL (Mid Murray Premier League). And the Last positioned team is Relegated to the MMACL2 (Mid Murray Association Championship League 2.
Finals Results.
1988 Final
1989
Ramco Utd 1 v Ramco City 0
1990
Morgan/Cadell 3 v Two Wells 1
1991
St.Josephs 2 v Ramco Utd 5
1992
Golden Heighs 0 v Blanchetown 1
1993
Blanchetown 2 v Ramco County 3
1994
Ramco City 4 v Ramco Utd 2
1995
Sunlands 3 v Sedan 1
1996
Blanchetown 4 v Ramco City 1
1997
Blanchetown 6 v Ramco County 1
1998
Blanchetown 5 v Ramco Utd 0
1999
Ramco Utd 2 v Ramco County 2 (3-5) Penalties
2000
Ramco City 1 v 2 Blanchetown
2001
Ramco Utd 2 v Qualco 1
2002
Swan Reach 5 v Swan Reach South 6 
2003
Ramco County 0 v Ramco Utd 1
2004
Ramco City 4 v Ramco Blue 0
2005
Ramco City 3 v Ramco Blue 0
2006 
Ramco Blue 7 v Sunlands 2
2007 MMAC Results
Highest Scores
Biggest Win/Loss Streaks
2007
Ramco Utd 3 v Sunlands 4

</doc>
<doc id="18327323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327323" title="Błądziewno">
Błądziewno

Błądziewno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Warlubie, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327324" title="Blizawy">
Blizawy

Blizawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327326" title="Borowy Młyn">
Borowy Młyn

Borowy Młyn may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18327328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327328" title="Borowy Młyn, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Borowy Młyn, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Borowy Młyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327330" title="Borsukowo">
Borsukowo

Borsukowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327332" title="Resource Interactive">
Resource Interactive

Resource is the largest independent digital marketing agency in the United States. As the pioneers of open branding, the company uses digital technology to accelerate business growth for clients in retail, consumer goods and technology. Founded in 1981, the company has created digital experiences for companies like Apple, P&G, Hewlett-Packard, Victoria’s Secret, Sherwin-Williams, and Nestlé. In 2010, Advertising Age ranked women-owned Resource no. 4 in the nation. Offices are located in Columbus, OH, San Francisco, Chicago, and Cincinnati.
Current Clients.
Procter & Gamble, Hewlett Packard, Nestle, Victoria’s Secret, Kohl’s, Sherwin-Williams, Bush Brothers and Company, Speck, and many other retail, consumer goods, and technology brands.

</doc>
<doc id="18327333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327333" title="Bursztynowo, Świecie County">
Bursztynowo, Świecie County

Bursztynowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327335" title="Buśnia">
Buśnia

Buśnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Warlubie, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327336" title="Bzowo">
Bzowo

Bzowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327337" title="Bzowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bzowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bzowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Warlubie, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327338" title="Osman Achmatowicz">
Osman Achmatowicz

Osman Achmatowicz (April 16, 1899 in Bergaliszki – December 4, 1988 in Warsaw) was a Polish professor of chemistry of Lipka Tatar descent. His son, Osman Achmatowicz Jr., (also a chemist) is credited with the Achmatowicz reaction in 1971.
Biography.
Professor Osman Achmatowicz was a Polonised Lithuanian Tartar of Muslim denomination. Descended from the Mongolian Golden Horde, his ancestors came to Lithuania in great strength from Crimea in the 15th century, hired by the Grand Duke Witold as valiant, battle hardened and reliable mercenaries.
The sixth of eight children in a noble family of an outstanding jurist Alexander Achmatowicz, he was born at the ancestral estate Bergaliszki, near Oszmania on 16 March 1899.
Educated at the Royal Corps in St Petersburg (named Pietrograd in 1914,renamed Leningrad in 1924), he was admitted to higher studies at the Mining Institute of Pietrograd in 1916, and after interruption of its functions caused by the Bolshevik uprising, went to the Ukrainian Industrial Region, where he found a temporary employment as an apprentice at the coal mine Golubowka in the Donetz Basin.
In 1919, after his arrival in Poland, freshly restored to independence (by The Versailles Treaty), he continued his studies at the faculty of Natural Sciences of the resurrected Vilnius University, named after the Polish king, Stephen Batory, and graduated with a diploma of a master of chemistry in 1924.
His post graduate studies consisted of two consecutive parts:
On Return to Vilno Achmatowicz rejoined the teaching staff of the organic chemistry department of the university, where he continued his research on the structure of strychnos alkaloids. He devised a new method of degradation using hydrogenolysis of quaternary ammonium salts containing nitrogen in allyl position, in the presence of palladinized charcoal as catalyst. This method became crucial in studies on organic compounds and was subsequently modified by other research workers over rupture of carbon-oxygen bonds.
Achmatovicz’s discovery of catalytic hydrogenolysis was assessed by the board of faculty as an important contribution to the advancement of degradation methods in organic chemistry and for this work Achmatowicz received the title of docent in 1933.
In the following year, 1934, Achmatowicz was appointed professor extraordinaire to the chair of pharmaceutical and toxicological chemistry, belonging to the faculty of pharmacy of the University of Warsaw.
This appointment meant that Achmatowicz was allocated increased research funds and better research facilities, and in subsequent research he:
Achmatowicz carried out further work on the problems of strychnine chemistry in the 1960s with his son Selim, J. Skolik, M. Wiewiorowski and J. Szychowski. The paper resulting from this work was published in 1966 in the volume of Tetrahedron and dedicated to Sir Robert Robinson, founder of the journal.
After joining the faculty of pharmacy Achmatowocz developed further research-programs with potential significance for medical sciences, as well as for pharmacy. He embarked on phytochemical research on Polish flora, specifically on physiologically active organic components of wild growing plants used in Polish folk-medicine.
The following rare species were recommended by Professors J. Muszynski (pharmacognosy department, University of Wilno) and J. Modrakowski (department of experimental pharmacology, University of Warsaw):
a) Club-Mosses (Lycopodium clavatum, B.selago, L.annotinum)
b) Yellow water-lily (Nuphar luteum) and white water-lily (Nymphacea alba)
After two years Achmatowicz in conjunction with the Polish pharmaceutical industry and Spiess and Son (scientific director Dr St. Otolski, chairman F. Wieckowski) succeeded in isolating and characterising, a number of hitherto unknown alkaloids.
In September 1939 all research was halted by the outbreak of war and Achmatowicz’s laboratory and research files were destroyed in subsequent bombing.
During the German occupation, all universities in Poland were closed and disbanded but Achmatowicz undertook secret underground teaching for student groups in Warsaw and Czestochowa.
When the war finished Achmatowicz helped inaugurate the Technical University of Łódź. The first Rector, Professor B. Stefanowski, had suggested that it move from Warsaw to Łódź.
Specifically he organised the chemical faculty of the Technical University of Łódź, as well as his own research workshop under the chair of organic chemistry. This was made possible by a generous grant from the Royal Society, London, facilitated by Sir Robert Robinson, president of the society. Other substantial financial aid was graciously rendered by General Stanisław Kopański, chief of staff of the Polish Armed Forces, stationed in Great Britain at that time. By 1948 the chemical faculty had its own premises with relatively modern research facilities.
Cooperating with Polish chemical industry Achmatowicz undertook research:
He succeeded in plotting new synthetic routes to hitherto unknown sulphones (in conjunction with E. Maruszewska-Wieczorkowska and J. Michalski)
The work initiated by Achmatowicz, in 1938, on the structure and bases of club-mosses alkaloids was further developed by organic chemists in 1942 in Canada, and later still in Germany. Achmatowicz resumed his research on Lycopodium alkaloids, and on Nuphar alkaloids, in the 1950s, when his Łódź laboratory was sponsored by the National Culture Fund (Director Professor St. Leszczycki) and by the Polish Academy of Sciences.
However, only in the 1960s was it possible for his laboratory to apply chromatographic and spectroscopic investigations and achieve significant and ground-breaking results, as annotated below:
Particularly important and fruitful were the studies on alkaloids of Nuphar luteum. In 1960-1962 Achmatowicz (co-workers; Z. Bellen and J. Wrobel) succeeded in separating four new alkaloids containing sulphur from this plant.
Studies on the separation of these unusual bases were accompanied by studies on their structure (co-workers Mrs H. Banaszek and J. Wrobel). For the mass-spectroscopic examination involved the help of Dr G. Spiteller (Institute of Organic Chemistry, Vienna University) was enlisted. The new alkaloids were named: thiobinupharidine and neothiobinupharidine.
The discovery of a new class of sulphur containing alkaloids was considered one of the most important achievements in organic chemistry of 1962 (“Highlights from Current Literature,” Chemistry and Industry, March 30, 1963).
In addition to continuing his alkaloid studies research, Achmatowicz undertook studies in the field of organic synthesis and reaction mechanisms. Specifically, the study of carbonyl cyanide, a simple compound, synthesized for the first time in 1937 by outstanding Polish organic chemist, Professor R. Malachowski, who died in 1944 during the Warsaw Uprising.
The team of Achmatowicz presented 15 publications on the most characteristic reactions of this compound, carbonyl cyanide. The team established that in the case of alkenes, which have hydrogen atoms in allylic position, carbonyl cyanide reacts to “ene” synthesis. The highly unstable intermediate product splits a molecule of hydrogen cyanide, thus forming beta-gamma unsaturated ketonitriles. On the other hand, in the case of alkenes which do not contain any hydrogen atoms in the allylic position, a transformation with CO (CN) consists in addition of a carbonyl group to the ethylene system, thus forming a 1.3-epoxypropane system (co-worker M.Leplawy).
It was also found that carbonyl cyanide possessed dienophylic properties (co-worker A. Zamojski). In reaction of carbonyl cyanide with chain and alicyclic alcohols and phenols (co-worker M. Leplawy) leads in good yields to cyanoformates that have their application in the synthesis of peptides. Carbonyl cyanide also reacts violently with ketens, forming dicyanopropionic beta-lactones (co-worker M. Leplawy).
Studies on reactions of carbonyl cyanide by the team headed by Achmatowicz, became the stimulus to undertake research in the domain of diene synthesis with systems of analogous structure.
A published series of papers resulted from research on dienophiles dimethylmesoxalate, diethyl azodicarboxylate, and a number of dienes and diene reactions (co-authors: O. Achmatowicz, junior, J. Wrobel, A. Zamojski).
Monoene type test reactions were carried out from which it was deduced that diethyl azodicarboxylate may be numbered among active enopholes (co-workers: F. Werner-Zamojska, K. Belniak, A. Zwiersak, Cz. Borecki, J. Szychowski).
Additionally, Professor Achmatowicz assisted his associate, J. Michalski, to develop larger scale studies on the organic chemistry of phosphorus.
In the period 1945-1952 Achmatowicz was the rector of the Technical University of Łódź, whilst holding the chair of organic chemistry and continuing his research.
From 1952-1953 the research of the group directed by Achmatowicz was strengthened by incorporating the department of organic synthesis within the Polish Academy of Sciences.
In 1953 Achmatowicz was appointed the undersecretary of state in the Ministry of Higher Education. Shortly afterwards he organised a research team at the Warsaw University. This scientific work in Warsaw was a continuation of his researches that were carried on in Łódź. After relinquishing his position in the Ministry of Higher Education in 1960 Achmatowicz devoted himself entirely to scientific work.
In 1964 Achmatowicz left Warsaw and assumed the position of the director of the Institute of Polish Culture in London. After five years, during which he directed the institute with great success, he returned to Poland and in autumn 1969 he retired.
In retirement his leisure interests were: classical music and the history of 18th-20th centuries.
He was father to three children: a daughter, Emilia Kryczynska, author-translator; two sons, both organic chemist research workers: Osman, professor, director of the Chemical Institute at the Agriculture University (SGGW) in Warsaw; and Selim, head of a division of the Institute of Electronic materials Technology, in Warsaw.
He died on 16 April 1988 and was buried in the family grave at the Moslem Cemetery in Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="18327341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327341" title="Ciemny Las">
Ciemny Las

Ciemny Las is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327343" title="Dębowo, Świecie County">
Dębowo, Świecie County

Dębowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327345" title="Górna Buśnia">
Górna Buśnia

Górna Buśnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Warlubie, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz. This village was the center of a large socioeconomic dispute during the 18th century between neighboring countries about if Górna Buśnia marked the end of Polish territory or whether Szezcein did. A treaty signed by Nzibek Markov established the current border.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327346" title="Grabowa Góra">
Grabowa Góra

Grabowa Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327352" title="Jeżewnica, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jeżewnica, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jeżewnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327353" title="Komorsk">
Komorsk

Komorsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Warlubie, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 380.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327355" title="Krusze">
Krusze

Krusze may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327356" title="Krusze, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Krusze, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Krusze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Warlubie, north-east of Świecie, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327357" title="Krzewiny">
Krzewiny

Krzewiny may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327359" title="Krzewiny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Krzewiny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Krzewiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327360" title="The Graves (film)">
The Graves (film)

The Graves is a 2009 horror film. Described as a "supernatural survival shocker," it is written and directed by veteran comic book creator Brian Pulido and produced by Mischief Maker Studios, and Ronalds Brothers Productions.
Plot.
The story centers on two sisters (Clare Grant and Jillian Murray) who visit the Skull City Mine roadside attraction in the desert. Their plight turns into a fight for survival against menaces both human and supernatural.
On their last weekend together, Megan and Abby Graves become lost in a remote part of the Arizona desert where they are lured to Skull City, an abandoned mine town; however, Skull City is anything but abandoned—and there’s no way out.
Premise.
"The Graves" is the debut film of independent comic book creator, Brian Pulido (Lady Death, Evil Ernie).
It features performances by genre vets Bill Moseley ("The Devil's Rejects"), Amanda Wyss ("A Nightmare on Elm Street") and Tony Todd ("Candyman"), female leads, played by Clare Grant ("Masters of Horror": "Valerie on the Stairs") and Jillian Murray (The Fun Park) and the debut of D. Randall Blythe (front man, Lamb of God).
Production.
The principal photography was shot on location in the Sonoran Desert near Wickenburg, Arizona over the course of 4 weeks and the project has entered post-production. The real-life Vulture City Mine and ghost town was used as the setting for the film.
Release.
The film ran at 8 Films to Die For IV and premiered there on January 29, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18327361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327361" title="Kurzejewo">
Kurzejewo

Kurzejewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327363" title="Kuźnica, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kuźnica, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kuźnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327366" title="Lipinki, Świecie County">
Lipinki, Świecie County

Lipinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327367" title="Mark Levin (director)">
Mark Levin (director)

Mark Levin (born August 20, 1966) is an American film director and screenwriter. He is mostly known for directing the films "Little Manhattan" and "Nim's Island". He is married to his collaborator, the screenwriter and director Jennifer Flackett. As a screenwriter, they also wrote the films "Madeline", "Wimbledon" and "Journey to the Center of the Earth". 
During the 1990s, he was a writer and producer for the television series "The Wonder Years", "Missing Persons" (produced by Stephen J. Cannell) and "Earth 2", a series he co-created and executive produced.
Levin grew up in Detroit, and now lives with his wife and children in New York City and Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="18327368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327368" title="Mątasek">
Mątasek

Mątasek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327373" title="Nowa Huta, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Nowa Huta, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Nowa Huta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327375" title="Płochocin">
Płochocin

Płochocin may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327377" title="Płochocin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Płochocin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Płochocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Warlubie, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327378" title="Płochocinek">
Płochocinek

Płochocinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warlubie, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327382" title="Przewodnik, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Przewodnik, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Przewodnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327384" title="Rulewo">
Rulewo

Rulewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Warlubie, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327385" title="Rybno">
Rybno

Rybno may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327386" title="Rybno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Rybno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Rybno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327387" title="Rynków">
Rynków

Rynków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327388" title="Średnia Huta">
Średnia Huta

Średnia Huta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327389" title="Meir Shfeya">
Meir Shfeya

Meir Shfeya () is a youth village and agricultural boarding school in northern Israel. Located near Zikhron Ya'akov, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaCarmel Regional Council. In 2006 it had a student population of 300.
History.
The village was established in 1891 as a moshava adjacent to Zikhron Ya'akov. The name is a combination of Meir, named for Amschel Mayer (Meir) Rothschild, the grandfather of Baron Rothschild, and a distortion of Shveia, a nearby village.
In 1904 Israel Belkind, a founder of Bilu, established an educational institute in the village, which took in orphans from the Kishinev pogrom. This made it the first youth village in the country. He called it "Kiryat Sefer".
In 1917 the Herzliya Hebrew High School was temporarily moved to the village due to the expulsion of Jews from Tel Aviv and Jaffa during World War I. World War I left many orphaned children in Jerusalem. A girls school called "Aliza's care center", established in the yard of the Diskin Orphanage on Neviim Street with funding from the American Zionist women's organization, Hadassah, moved to Shfeya in 1923.
The village was used as a training base by the Hagana due to its remote location in a mountainous area. In 1957 it was made a partnership between the State and the organisation, and today exists as a youth village.

</doc>
<doc id="18327390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327390" title="Stara Huta, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Stara Huta, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Stara Huta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327392" title="Warlubie">
Warlubie

Warlubie () is a village in Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Warlubie. It lies approximately north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 2,100. Johannes Czerski, one of the founders of German Catholicism, was born in Warlubie.

</doc>
<doc id="18327396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327396" title="Wielki Komorsk">
Wielki Komorsk

Wielki Komorsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Warlubie, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327397" title="Zamczyska">
Zamczyska

Zamczyska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warlubie, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327398" title="Sumsky Skerries">
Sumsky Skerries

The Sumsky Skerries (, Sumskiye Shkhery) are an extensive cluster of islands, islets and shoals in the White Sea. They are located in the Onega Bay, close to its southern shore.
The largest islands of these skerries are: Sosnovtsy, Bolshoy Varbostrov, Malyy Varbostrov, Berezovets, Raydostrov, Ugmorin and Kondostrov.
This island group belongs to the Republic of Karelia administrative division of the Russian Federation. 

</doc>
<doc id="18327408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327408" title="Bielczyny">
Bielczyny

Bielczyny () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Chełmża and north of Toruń. It is noted for having one of the oldest populations in Poland. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327410" title="Gulaman">
Gulaman

Gulaman, in Filipino cuisine, refers to the bars of dried seaweed used to make jellies or flan, as well as the desserts made from it. Agarose or agar is made of processed seaweed, mostly from "Gelidium corneum"--one of the most common edible alga, dehydrated and formed into foot-long dry bars which are either plain or coloured.
The gulaman jelly bars are used in the various Filipino refreshments or desserts such as "sago at gulaman" (or "gulaman at sago", commonly shortened to "sago't gulaman"), "buko pandan", "agar flan", "halo-halo", different varieties of Filipino fruit salads, black "gulaman", and red "gulaman".
It has also come to refer to the refreshment or dessert, sometimes referred to as "samalamig" or "sago't gulaman", sold at roadside stalls and vendors. This drink consists of gulaman cubes and/or sago or tapioca pearls suspended in milk, fruit juice or brown-sugar water flavored with pandan leaves.
It is also sold commercially as "Pearl Shakes".
Differences between gelatine and gulaman.
The term gelatine and gulaman are used synonymously in the Philippines, although they are very different products. While gelatine is a protein, gulaman is a plant-derived carbohydrate, made from seaweed. This distinction makes gulaman suitable for those who may not eat gelatine for religious or cultural reasons, such as Muslims.
Gelatine dissolves in hot water but boiling water is necessary to dissolve gulaman. Unlike gelatine which sets at refrigerator temperature, gulaman sets at room temperature. While gelatine can melt at room temperature, it is uniquely thermo-reversible to its previous shape and form.
When used in desserts, gulaman produces a firm-textured product.

</doc>
<doc id="18327411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327411" title="Bogusławki">
Bogusławki

Bogusławki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327413" title="Bogusławki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bogusławki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bogusławki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327415" title="Brąchnówko">
Brąchnówko

Brąchnówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327417" title="Browina, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Browina, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Browina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327418" title="Drzonówko">
Drzonówko

Drzonówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327420" title="Dziemiony">
Dziemiony

Dziemiony () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327421" title="Dźwierzno">
Dźwierzno

Dźwierzno may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327422" title="Dźwierzno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Dźwierzno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Dźwierzno () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327423" title="Głuchowo">
Głuchowo

Głuchowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327426" title="Głuchowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Głuchowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Głuchowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327427" title="Głuchowo-Windak">
Głuchowo-Windak

Głuchowo-Windak is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327429" title="Grodno, Toruń County">
Grodno, Toruń County

Grodno () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327431" title="Grzegorz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Grzegorz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Grzegorz () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327432" title="Grzywna">
Grzywna

Grzywna may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18327434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327434" title="Grzywna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Grzywna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Grzywna () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327437" title="Januszewo">
Januszewo

Januszewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327439" title="Januszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Januszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Januszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Chełmża and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327440" title="Kiełbasin">
Kiełbasin

Kiełbasin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Chełmża and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327444" title="Kończewice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kończewice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kończewice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327445" title="Kuczwały">
Kuczwały

Kuczwały () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327448" title="Liznowo">
Liznowo

Liznowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327449" title="Mirakowo">
Mirakowo

Mirakowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327451" title="Morczyny">
Morczyny

Morczyny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327455" title="Nawra, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Nawra, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Nawra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Chełmża, north-west of Toruń, and east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327456" title="Nowa Chełmża">
Nowa Chełmża

Nowa Chełmża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327459" title="Parowa Falęcka">
Parowa Falęcka

Parowa Falęcka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Chełmża, north of Toruń, and east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327462" title="Pluskowęsy, Toruń County">
Pluskowęsy, Toruń County

Pluskowęsy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327463" title="Skąpe">
Skąpe

Skąpe may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327464" title="Skąpe, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Skąpe, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Skąpe () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327465" title="Sławkowo">
Sławkowo

Sławkowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327467" title="Sławkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Sławkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Sławkowo () is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327470" title="Strużal">
Strużal

Strużal is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327473" title="Świętosław, Toruń County">
Świętosław, Toruń County

Świętosław () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327474" title="Szerokopas">
Szerokopas

Szerokopas is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327478" title="Witkowo (disambiguation)">
Witkowo (disambiguation)

Witkowo is a town in Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland).
Witkowo may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18327482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327482" title="Witkowo, Toruń County">
Witkowo, Toruń County

Witkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327483" title="Zajączkowo">
Zajączkowo

Zajączkowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327484" title="Zajączkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Zajączkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Zajączkowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Chełmża and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327487" title="Zalesie, Toruń County">
Zalesie, Toruń County

Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327488" title="Zelgno">
Zelgno

Zelgno () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327490" title="Zelgno-Bezdół">
Zelgno-Bezdół

Zelgno-Bezdół is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Chełmża and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327496" title="Czernikówko">
Czernikówko

Czernikówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Czernikowo and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327498" title="Czernikowo">
Czernikowo

Czernikowo is a village in Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. 
It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czernikowo. It lies approximately south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 2,752..

</doc>
<doc id="18327499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327499" title="Jackowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jackowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jackowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Czernikowo and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327501" title="Proletarian Revolutionary Organisation, Nepal">
Proletarian Revolutionary Organisation, Nepal

The Communist Unity Contact Forum Nepal () was a Nepalese communist organisation. It was founded in July 1974 by communists who had developed differences with the Communist Party of Nepal (Pushpa Lal). The group was based in western Nepal and in exile in India. The organisation published "Rato Jhanda" ('Red Flag'). The ideology of the group was Marxism-Leninism-Mao Zedong Thought, and it worked for the creation of a militant and well-organised communist party. The group accused Manmohan Adhikari, Pushpa Lal Shrestha and Mohan Bikram Singh for factionalism.
The group was reorganised as the Proletarian Revolutionary Organisation, Nepal () in 1976. In 1977 the group made a new analysis, and adopted the theory of "Boddhisatva Maoism". It claimed that the thoughts of Buddha and Mao Zedong were proponents of the same line of thinking, and that it was necessary to add Buddhist thinking to Mao's doctrine in order to advance the revolutionary cause in the Nepalese context. Moreover, it claimed that Buddhism would be unable to receive nationwide respect in Nepal if Mao's thinking was not harmonized into the Buddhist thinking.
However, the concept of "Bodhisattva Maoism" was too difficult for many of the members of the organisation to digest. In 1978 internal dissent broke out inside the organisation, and the group would soon disappear from the political scene. The remainders of the group merged into the Nepal Workers Peasants Organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="18327502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327502" title="Kiełpiny, Toruń County">
Kiełpiny, Toruń County

Kiełpiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327504" title="Kijaszkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kijaszkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kijaszkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Czernikowo and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327505" title="Liciszewy">
Liciszewy

Liciszewy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327506" title="Makowiska, Toruń County">
Makowiska, Toruń County

Makowiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327509" title="Mazowsze, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Mazowsze, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Mazowsze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327510" title="Mazowsze-Parcele">
Mazowsze-Parcele

Mazowsze-Parcele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327512" title="Osówka">
Osówka

Osówka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327514" title="Osówka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Osówka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Osówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Czernikowo and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327520" title="Woodlawn (Kearneysville, West Virginia)">
Woodlawn (Kearneysville, West Virginia)

Woodlawn, also known as Wiltshire House or Wiltshire Farm, was built "circa" 1820, one of four homes within a two-mile radius by James Hurst, a significant landowner in Jefferson County. Hurst built the first three houses for his children on his "LaGrange" plantation around 1811, including "Snow Hill' (now known as the Jefferson County Alms House (c. 1815) and the Coyle House (c. 1820). Woodlawn was built for the adopted daughter of Samuel Davenport, whose married name was Camilla Wiltshire. All of these homes used salt-glazed brick, as did Elmwood and the Tate-Fairfax-Muse House.

</doc>
<doc id="18327522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327522" title="Tadeusz Baranowski">
Tadeusz Baranowski

Tadeusz Baranowski may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18327524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327524" title="Pokrzywno, Toruń County">
Pokrzywno, Toruń County

Pokrzywno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327525" title="Skwirynowo">
Skwirynowo

Skwirynowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327527" title="Steklin">
Steklin

Steklin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Czernikowo and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327529" title="Steklinek">
Steklinek

Steklinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Czernikowo and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327530" title="Witowąż">
Witowąż

Witowąż is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Czernikowo and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327533" title="Wygoda, Toruń County">
Wygoda, Toruń County

Wygoda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Czernikowo and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327535" title="Zimny Zdrój">
Zimny Zdrój

Zimny Zdrój is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327547" title="Brzezinko">
Brzezinko

Brzezinko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327548" title="Tadeusz Baranowski (chemist)">
Tadeusz Baranowski (chemist)

Tadeusz Baranowski (September 13, 1910 in Lwów - March 23, 1993 in Wrocław) was a Polish chemist. From 1965 to 1968 he was the rector of "Wrocław Medical University".

</doc>
<doc id="18327549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327549" title="Brzeźno, Toruń County">
Brzeźno, Toruń County

Brzeźno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Lubicz and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327552" title="Grębocin">
Grębocin

Grębocin may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327553" title="Grębocin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Grębocin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Grębocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 1,700.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327554" title="Gronowo">
Gronowo

Gronowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327555" title="Gronowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gronowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gronowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Toruń on national road 15 that runs from Inowrocław to Ostróda.
The village has a population of 700.
History.
The village was founded in 1412. Beginning in 1437 the village was owned by the Teutonic Order, and helped support the garrison in Toruń. In the Second Peace of Thorn (1466) ownership passed to the Polish king as crownlands. The king mortgaged the property and from 1520 to 1570 Gronowo was briefly owned by the city council of Toruń. In 1570 it again became a royal holding and in 1639 King Władysław IV enfeeoffed the land, and it then passed through the hands of various noble families. In 1798 the owner was Samuel Wolff of Gronowa. The current Wolffów Palace was built about 1910 replacing an earlier one. In 1920 the Wolff estates were acquired by Prince Władysław (Vladimir Puzyna).

</doc>
<doc id="18327556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327556" title="The Graves">
The Graves

The Graves may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18327559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327559" title="Jedwabno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jedwabno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jedwabno () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Lubicz and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327560" title="GOME Electrical Appliances">
GOME Electrical Appliances

GOME Electrical Appliances Holding Limited (国美电器 in Chinese)() is one of the largest privately owned electrical appliance retailers in Mainland China and Hong Kong. It was founded by Wong Kwong Yu (Huang Guangyu), a Chinese businessman, in Beijing in 1987. Its brand name "GOME" was first adopted in 1993. Since 1999, it has developed outside Beijing and established retail outlets in other China cities. It was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2004. As of 2008 Wong is the chairperson, the controlling shareholder, and the director. The company is incorporated in Bermuda.
History.
In 1987 GOME's first electrical appliance retail outlet was opened in Beijing. In 1999 the company expanded outside of Beijing to Tianjin. In 2004, GOME was selected as one of the "Key and Strategically Important Enterprises" in China by the Ministry of Commerce. In 2006 the company merged with China Paradise.
As of 2010 there are a total of 826 stores, 572 traditional stores, 13 digital stores and 2 flagship stores throughout mainland China.
In November 2008 the Hong Kong Stock Exchange indefinitely halted trading of the company shares after police revealed that Wong was under investigation for stock manipulation. He resigned from company chairman on 16 January 2009.
In November 2010, the company reported third quarter 2010 net profit of 477.5 million yuan, an increase of 24 per cent from the same period in 2009, despite a public dispute between founder Wong and chairman Chen Xiao over business strategy.
In January 2013, it was announced that Gome badged retail stores in Hong Kong would begin to close from March 2013, the six stores concerned are owned directly by Wong and not the listed company. The move marks a shift in emphasis for the company from one based on overseas expansion to one based on an increasing presence online and in second tier Chinese cities, the company will remain in Hong Kong as a wholesaler.

</doc>
<doc id="18327562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327562" title="Józefowo, Toruń County">
Józefowo, Toruń County

Józefowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lubicz and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327564" title="Born to Rock and Roll">
Born to Rock and Roll

Born to Rock and Roll is a compilation album by the ex-Byrds frontman Roger McGuinn, released on Columbia Records in August 1991. It was issued following the success of McGuinn's comeback solo album "Back from Rio" earlier that same year. "Born to Rock and Roll" contains songs from all five of McGuinn's solo albums of the 1970s, released after the final breakup of The Byrds in 1973. It was the first time that material from these albums had been released on Compact Disc.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Roger McGuinn and Jacques Levy except where otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18327565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327565" title="Kopanino, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kopanino, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kopanino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Toruń.
In 2004 the village had a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327569" title="Krobia, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Krobia, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Krobia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lubicz and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327570" title="Lubicz">
Lubicz

Lubicz may refer to the following places:
Lubicz can also refer to the Lubicz coat of arms.

</doc>
<doc id="18327573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327573" title="Lubicz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Lubicz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Lubicz is a middle-size town in Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lubicz. It lies approximately east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327574" title="Lubicz Dolny">
Lubicz Dolny

Lubicz Dolny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Lubicz and east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 1,900.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327575" title="Lubicz Górny">
Lubicz Górny

Lubicz Górny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Toruń.
The village has an approximate population of 3,400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327577" title="Mierzynek">
Mierzynek

Mierzynek may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327581" title="Mierzynek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Mierzynek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Mierzynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Lubicz and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327583" title="Młyniec Drugi">
Młyniec Drugi

Młyniec Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 390.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327609" title="Neuromuscular junction disease">
Neuromuscular junction disease

Neuromuscular junction disease is a medical condition where the normal conduction through the neuromuscular junction fails to function correctly.
Autoimmune.
In diseases such as myasthenia gravis, the End Plate Potential (EPP) fails to effectively activate the muscle fiber due to an autoimmune reaction against acetylcholine receptors, resulting in muscle weakness and fatigue. 
Myasthenia gravis is caused most commonly by auto-antibodies against the acetylcholine receptor. 
It has recently been realized that a second category of gravis is due to auto-antibodies against MuSK.
A different condition, Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome, is usually associated with "presynaptic" antibodies to the voltage-dependent calcium channel.
It is possible for these conditions to coexist.
Toxins.
Various toxins, such as botulinum toxin prevent the release of acetylcholine, resulting in muscle paralysis. 

</doc>
<doc id="18327611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327611" title="Adam Bielański">
Adam Bielański

Adam Bielański (born December 14, 1912) is a Polish chemist and professor of the Jagiellonian University. He is a member of the Polish Academy of Science. He is an author of several university level books on inorganic chemistry. Many of them are standard textbooks for students at most universities in Poland.
Bielański was born in Kraków. His brother Władysław (1911–1982) was a professor of biology, his sister Zofia is a professor of biology as well. He turned 100 in December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18327621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327621" title="Journal of Orthopaedic &amp; Sports Physical Therapy">
Journal of Orthopaedic &amp; Sports Physical Therapy

The Journal of Orthopaedic & Sports Physical Therapy is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes research about musculoskeletal rehabilitation, health, and wellness, including such areas as orthopedics, physical therapy, and sports medicine. JOSPT was established in 1979, following the founding of the Orthopedic and Sports Medicine sections of the American Physical Therapy Association. At that time, the "Journal" merged the Bulletin of the Orthopaedic Section and the Bulletin of the Sports Medicine Section. 
Initially published on a quarterly basis, "JOSPT" is now a monthly publication, distributed in print and online to APTA Orthopaedic Section and Sports Physical Therapy Section members as well as more than 7,000 institutional and individual subscribers in the United States and around the world. According to the "Journal"'s website, in 2012 more than 60,000 read the online version of JOSPT each month. The "Journal" is indexed by PubMed/Medline and Cinahl, among other indexing services.

</doc>
<doc id="18327628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327628" title="Bharathi Vishnuvardhan">
Bharathi Vishnuvardhan

Bharathi Vishnuvardhan (ಭಾರತಿ ವಿಷ್ಣುವರ್ಧನ್, born as Bharathi on 15 August 1950) is an Indian actress who has performed in Hindi, Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil and Telugu language films. She was most seen as a leading actress in the Kannada film industry during the late 1960s to 1980s. Besides these languages, she also featured in Marathi films.
Personal life.
Dr. Bharathi was born in a Marathi-speaking family in Karnataka. She was married to the legendary actor of Kannada cinema Dr. Vishnuvardhan on 27 February 1975 in Bengaluru. They have two children namely Keerthi and Chandana. Her husband Dr. Vishnuvardhan died on 30 December 2009.
Career.
Dr. Bharathi debuted as a second lead actress in the 1964 released film "Geet Gaya Patharon Ne". Her first Kannada film was the 1966 romantic comedy "Love in Bangalore". She was critically acclaimed for her roles in movies like "Runa Muktalu", "Bangaaradha Manushya", "Doorada Betta", "Gandondu Hennaru", "Bangaarada Jinke", "Avalukendru Oru Manam", "Bhagya Jyoti" and the Kannada Doordarshan serial "Janani".
In 2012, she appeared as a strict, no-nonsense sessions court judge in TN Seetharam's Kannada daily serial "Mukta-Mukta".
She has acted alongside Dr.Rajkumar, Dr.Vishnuvardhan, Dilip Kumar, ANR, Dr.NTR, Dr.Sivaji Ganesan, Gemini Ganesan, Manoj Kumar, Jaishankar, V Ravichandran, Shoban Babu, Krishna, Uday Kumar, Kantha Rao, Kalyan Kumar, R. Muthuraman, AVM.Rajan, Krishnam Raju, Haranath, Sivakumar, Vinod Khanna, Rakesh Roshan, Dr.Ambrish, Ananth Nag, Chalam, Rajesh, Gangadhar, Vinod Mehra and many other popular actors.
Bharathi has acted in a number of Hindi films as well, like T. Prakash Rao's "Suraj"(starring Vyjayanthimala), Manoj Kumar's "Purab Aur Paschim", "Khel" (starring Madhuri Dixit), Subash Ghai's "Uttar Dakshin", Dilip Kumar's "Izzatdaar", Mehamood's "Kunwaara Baap", "Aao Pyaar Karen" (with Saif Ali Khan and Shilpa Shetty), and many more.
Bharathi has acted in various Malayalam films with all leading actors. Though she has not acted mostly as a Heroine, but she is best known for her character roles especially Mother roles with Superstar Mohanlal,most of her films were hits.
In Tamil, she acted as the leading heroine to all three doyens of Tamil film industry in those days: Sivaji Ganesan, M.G. Ramachandran, Gemini Ganesan and R. Muthuraman.
In Telugu cinema field, she has acted in "Jai Jawan 1970" and "Govula Gopanna 1968", Sipayi Chinnayya" and "Bangaru Gajulu" ( all with Akkineni Nageswara Rao) which were hits.
Filmography.
Below is a list of a few films in which Bharathi Vishnuvardhan has performed.

</doc>
<doc id="18327640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327640" title="Młyniec Pierwszy">
Młyniec Pierwszy

Młyniec Pierwszy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327642" title="Nowa Wieś, Toruń County">
Nowa Wieś, Toruń County

Nowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Lubicz and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327647" title="Rogówko">
Rogówko

Rogówko may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327649" title="Rogówko, Toruń County">
Rogówko, Toruń County

Rogówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327651" title="Arigo Padovan">
Arigo Padovan

Arigo Padovan (Castelbaldo, 16 June 1927) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer, who won stages in both the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia.

</doc>
<doc id="18327653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327653" title="Rogowo, Toruń County">
Rogowo, Toruń County

Rogowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Lubicz and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327655" title="Złotoria">
Złotoria

Złotoria may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327657" title="Złotoria, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Złotoria, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Złotoria is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lubicz and south-east of Toruń.
The village has an approximate population of 1,700.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327668" title="Mieczysław Biernacki">
Mieczysław Biernacki

Mieczysław Kwiryn Biernacki (March 30, 1891 – November 21, 1959) was a Polish mathematical chemist. He fought in World War I in the French Army and later in the forces of Polish general Józef Haller.

</doc>
<doc id="18327670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327670" title="Bierzgłowo">
Bierzgłowo

Bierzgłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
Birgelau was the seat of a Komtur of the Teutonic Knights. A castle was erected in 1232 and expanded until 1305.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327673" title="Biskupice, Toruń County">
Biskupice, Toruń County

Biskupice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łubianka and north-west of Toruń.
The village has a population of 465.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327678" title="Brąchnowo">
Brąchnowo

Brąchnowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 501.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327687" title="Leszcz, Toruń County">
Leszcz, Toruń County

Leszcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327690" title="Łubianka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Łubianka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Łubianka is a village in Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łubianka. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń.
The village has a population of 953.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327694" title="Pigża">
Pigża

Pigża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń.
The village has a population of 966.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327697" title="Przeczno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Przeczno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Przeczno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 267.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327698" title="Słomowo">
Słomowo

Słomowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327699" title="Słomowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Słomowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Słomowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327704" title="Warszewice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Warszewice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Warszewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łubianka and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327705" title="Wybcz">
Wybcz

Wybcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 450.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327706" title="Wybczyk">
Wybczyk

Wybczyk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327712" title="Wymysłowo, Toruń County">
Wymysłowo, Toruń County

Wymysłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327713" title="Zamek Bierzgłowski">
Zamek Bierzgłowski

Zamek Bierzgłowski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 490.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327717" title="Gostkowo">
Gostkowo

Gostkowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327721" title="Cranial nerve disease">
Cranial nerve disease

Cranial nerve disease is an impaired functioning of one of the twelve cranial nerves. Although it could theoretically be considered a mononeuropathy, it is not considered as such under MeSH. 
It is possible for a disorder of more than cranial nerve to occur at the same time, if a trauma occurs at a location where many cranial nerves run together, such as the jugular fossa. A brainstem lesion could also cause impaired functioning of multiple cranial nerves, but this condition would likely also be accompanied by distal motor impairment.
A neurological examination can test the functioning of individual cranial nerves, and detect specific impairments.
Facial Nerve Palsy.
The facial nerve is the seventh of 12 cranial nerves. This cranial nerve controls the muscles in the face. Facial nerve palsy is more abundant in older adults than in children and is said to affect 15-40 out of 100,000 people per year. This disease comes in many forms which include congenital, infectious, traumatic, neoplastic, or idiopathic. The most common cause of this cranial nerve damage is Bell's palsy (idiopathic facial palsy) which is a paralysis of the facial nerve. Although Bell's palsy is more prominent in adults it seems to be found in those younger than 20 or older than 60 years of age. Bell's Palsy is thought to occur by an infection of the herpes virus which may cause demyelination and has been found in patients with facial nerve palsy. Symptoms include flattening of the forehead, sagging of the eyebrow, and difficulty closing the eye and the mouth on the side of the face that is affected. The inability to close the mouth causes problems in feeding and speech. It also causes lack of taste, acrimation, and sialorrhea.
The use of steroids can help in the treatment of Bell's Palsy. If in the early stages, steroids can increase the likelihood of a full recovery. This treatment is used mainly in adults. The use of steroids in children has not been proven to work due to the fact that they seem to recover completely with or without them. Children also tend to have better recovery rates than older adults. Recovery rate also depends on the cause of the facial nerve palsy (e.g. infections, perinatal injury, congenital dysplastic). If the palsy is more severe patients should seek steroids or surgical procedures. Facial nerve palsy may be the indication of a severe condition and when diagnosed a full clinical history and examination are recommended.
Although rare, facial nerve palsy has also been found in patients with HIV seroconversion. Symptoms found include headaches (bitemporal or occipital), the inability to close the eyes or mouth, and may cause the reduction of taste. Few cases of bilateral facial nerve palsy have been reported and is said to only effect 1 in every 5 million per year.

</doc>
<doc id="18327722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327722" title="Gostkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gostkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gostkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łysomice, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łysomice and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327725" title="Stanisław Biniecki">
Stanisław Biniecki

Stanisław Biniecki (July 29, 1907 in Sławno - May 3, 1999) was a Polish chemist. He discovered Todralazine in 1964 and Gapicomine in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="18327726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327726" title="Jefferson County Alms House">
Jefferson County Alms House

The Jefferson County Alms House, also known as Snow Hill Farm, located near Leetown, West Virginia, is an historic Federal style house. Snow Hill was built "circa" 1813 for John Hurst, son of James Hurst, a prosperous local landowner. In 1857, Snow Hill was purchased from the Hurst family for use as a farm for the local poor. By 1931 the Alms House (also known as the County Infirmary) had declined to the point that it had become a local disgrace. Corrective measures were taken, and the Infirmary survived until 1959, when its last nine inmates were moved to other quarters.
The property now houses a number of County agencies.

</doc>
<doc id="18327737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327737" title="Bartoszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bartoszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bartoszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327739" title="Brzozówka">
Brzozówka

Brzozówka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327740" title="Brzozówka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Brzozówka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Brzozówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 380.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327741" title="Dobrzejewice">
Dobrzejewice

Dobrzejewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327742" title="Telen">
Telen

Telen is a daily local newspaper published in Notodden, Norway. It has a circulation of 5,142 (2007) and owned by the Skien-newspaper "Varden", a subsidiary of Edda Media.

</doc>
<doc id="18327743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327743" title="Dzikowo">
Dzikowo

Dzikowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327747" title="Dzikowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Dzikowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Dzikowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Obrowo and south-east of Toruń.
The village has an approximate population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327748" title="Głogowo">
Głogowo

Głogowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 1,800.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327751" title="Kawęczyn, Toruń County">
Kawęczyn, Toruń County

Kawęczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Obrowo and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327752" title="White T-Shirt">
White T-Shirt

White T-Shirt is the debut album by singer Micky Green which hit stores in France on August 27, 2007.
Track listing.
Patrick Dromey's favorite apparel

</doc>
<doc id="18327754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327754" title="Kazimierzewo, Toruń County">
Kazimierzewo, Toruń County

Kazimierzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327756" title="Joseph Morvan">
Joseph Morvan

Joseph Morvan (Moustoir-Ac, 3 December 1924 — Colpo, 26 July 1999) was a French professional road bicycle racer. Morvan had his most successful year in 1956, when he won Paris–Bourges and stage in the Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18327759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327759" title="Kuźniki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kuźniki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kuźniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Obrowo and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327761" title="Łążyn">
Łążyn

Łążyn may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327762" title="Łążyn, Gmina Obrowo">
Łążyn, Gmina Obrowo

Łążyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 530.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327768" title="Łążynek, Gmina Obrowo">
Łążynek, Gmina Obrowo

Łążynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327769" title="Łęk-Osiek">
Łęk-Osiek

Łęk-Osiek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327776" title="Obory, Toruń County">
Obory, Toruń County

Obory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Obrowo and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327778" title="Obrowo">
Obrowo

Obrowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327780" title="Obrowo, Toruń County">
Obrowo, Toruń County

Obrowo is a village in Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Obrowo. It lies approximately east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 1,322.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327782" title="Osiek, Toruń County">
Osiek, Toruń County

Osiek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 914.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327787" title="Sąsieczno, Toruń County">
Sąsieczno, Toruń County

Sąsieczno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Obrowo and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327792" title="Silno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Silno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Silno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Obrowo and south-east of Toruń.

</doc>
<doc id="18327794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327794" title="Skrzypkowo">
Skrzypkowo

Skrzypkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327795" title="Smogorzewiec">
Smogorzewiec

Smogorzewiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327796" title="Stajenczynki">
Stajenczynki

Stajenczynki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327797" title="Szembekowo">
Szembekowo

Szembekowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327802" title="Zawały, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Zawały, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Zawały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Obrowo and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327805" title="Zębówiec">
Zębówiec

Zębówiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327806" title="Zębowo">
Zębowo

Zębowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327807" title="Zębowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Zębowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Zębowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Obrowo and east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 621.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327814" title="Ibrahim Abi-Ackel">
Ibrahim Abi-Ackel

Ibrahim Abi-Ackel (born March 27, 1927) is a Brazilian politician. 
Ackel began his public life in 1955 as councilman in the city of Manhuaçu, Minas Gerais.
Ackel was Minister of Justice in the government of Joao Figueiredo from 1980 to 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18327815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327815" title="Swimming Pool (album)">
Swimming Pool (album)

Swimming Pool is the last album by the noted British folk/blues/rock songwriter, guitarist and singer Al Jones. It marked his return to writing and recording after many years of relative obscurity. All the tracks are written by Jones himself and published by Rogue Music. The album was recorded at Le Nevek, Cornwall.

</doc>
<doc id="18327819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327819" title="Brzeczka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Brzeczka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Brzeczka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Nieszawka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wielka Nieszawka and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327822" title="Brzoza, Toruń County">
Brzoza, Toruń County

Brzoza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Nieszawka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wielka Nieszawka and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327826" title="Chorągiewka">
Chorągiewka

Chorągiewka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Nieszawka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wielka Nieszawka and south-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327831" title="Cierpice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Cierpice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Cierpice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Nieszawka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wielka Nieszawka and south-west of Toruń.
The village has a population of 1,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327833" title="Cierpiszewo">
Cierpiszewo

Cierpiszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Nieszawka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wielka Nieszawka and south-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327835" title="Dybowo">
Dybowo

Dybowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327837" title="Dybowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Dybowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Dybowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Nieszawka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wielka Nieszawka and west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327843" title="Kąkol, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kąkol, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kąkol is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Nieszawka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wielka Nieszawka and south-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327844" title="Maciejewo">
Maciejewo

Maciejewo may refer to places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18327846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327846" title="Maciejewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Maciejewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Maciejewo is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Nieszawka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wielka Nieszawka and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327847" title="Bogusław Bobrański">
Bogusław Bobrański

Bogusław Bobrański (10 May 1904 in Nowy Sącz - 1991) was a Polish chemist. He was the rector of Wrocław Medical University from 1957 - 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="18327849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327849" title="Mała Nieszawka">
Mała Nieszawka

Mała Nieszawka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Nieszawka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wielka Nieszawka and south-west of Toruń.
The village has a population of 1,400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327850" title="Małe Jarki">
Małe Jarki

Małe Jarki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Nieszawka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wielka Nieszawka, west of Toruń, and south-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327852" title="Pieczenia">
Pieczenia

Pieczenia is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Nieszawka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wielka Nieszawka and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327853" title="Popioły">
Popioły

Popioły may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18327854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327854" title="Popioły, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Popioły, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Popioły is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Nieszawka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wielka Nieszawka and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327855" title="Wielka Nieszawka">
Wielka Nieszawka

Wielka Nieszawka () is a village in Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wielka Nieszawka. It lies approximately south-west of Toruń.
The village has a population of 460.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327856" title="Ibrahim Biogradlić">
Ibrahim Biogradlić

Ibrahim "Ibro" Biogradlić (born 8 March 1931) is a retired Bosnian association football defender who played at 1956 Summer Olympics for SFR Yugoslavia, winning a silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18327858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327858" title="Ayla Algan">
Ayla Algan

Ayla Algan (born 29 October 1937, in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish film/stage actress and singer.
Biography.
Ayla Algan was born in Istanbul and spent her childhood in France where she studied at Notre Dame de Sion High School and Versailles Lycee. Then she moved to the USA where she joined the New York Actors Studio as an actress. Later, she joined the Language and Culture Center in Turkey and worked as a theatre actress and instructor. In 1964, she made her film debut in "Karanlıkta Uyananlar" directed by Ertem Göreç. After achieving a great deal of success in film and theatre, she started a successful singing career. When she was in the United States, she refused the role of Fanny Brice from the movie called Funny Girl. Than in 1968, Barbra Streisand took the role and won the best leading actress Oscar. She acted as 'Betül' in a romantic drama, called Binbir Gece.

</doc>
<doc id="18327868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327868" title="Błotka">
Błotka

Błotka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Toruń.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327869" title="The Beggar of Volubilis">
The Beggar of Volubilis

The Beggar of Volubilis is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence. The novel, the fourteenth in the Roman Mysteries series, was published in 2007. It is set during the reign of Titus, primarily in Roman Africa. It follows Flavia and her companions as they travel to North Africa in search of her uncle Gaius and join a theatrical troupe to cross the desert from Sabratha to Volubilis.
Plot summary.
Flavia takes a vow to the goddess Diana to renounce men, and almost immediately her vow is tested by a proposal of marriage from Flaccus. Her father is furious at her refusal and orders Flavia and Nubia to stay inside the house while he goes to Alexandria.
Nevertheless, Flavia disobeys her father's orders and takes on a mission from the emperor Titus to find a lost gem, an unusual emerald which is the subject of a prophecy. She is particularly keen to do so because the emperor wants them to start looking in North Africa, which is where she believes her uncle Gaius has gone, despite the general opinion that he has committed suicide by drowning. She and her three companions take a boat to Sabratha, but there lose all their money and possessions.
Narcissus, a pantomime performer, hires them as musicians and they join a caravan to cross the Sahara desert. In the weeks of travel they become accomplished performers, learn to handle camels and discover the dangers as well as the beauties of the desert.
In Volubilis they find both Gaius and the emerald, but it is not as easy to take them back to Italy as they had supposed.
During the adventure, they meet a woman who claims to be descended from Cleopatra and a man who could be the late emperor Nero.
Roman pantomime.
In Roman times a pantomime was a performance in which a solo dancer using masks played several parts, accompanied by sung narrative and instrumental music, often played on the flute. The pantomime was an extremely popular form of entertainment in ancient Greece and Rome. Like theatre, it encompassed the genres of comedy and tragedy. There is a detailed description of ancient pantomime performance in Apuleius' "Metamorphoses", 10, 29ff.

</doc>
<doc id="18327874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327874" title="Borek, Toruń County">
Borek, Toruń County

Borek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327877" title="Cegielnik">
Cegielnik

Cegielnik () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327879" title="Cichoradz">
Cichoradz

Cichoradz () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 301.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327881" title="Maria Jeyarani David">
Maria Jeyarani David

Maria Jeyarani David (born 1951) also known as Maria S.M. Jeyarani in the United States is an ordained Christian missionary and founder of Trizoom International Mission Inc in Ohio with bases around the world namely, Malaysia, Singapore and India. 
Maria was into lecturing and teaching at various academic institutions abroad and later in the United States before she started her "healing ministry" that focuses on miraculous healings of diseases through Jesus, since 1986.
Maria and her husband D.V. David have three children: Alphonso, Joshua and Christerson.
United Kingdom and Ireland missions.
Sis. Maria reportedly ventured on missions trip to the United Kingdom and Ireland since early 2007. An Ireland newspaper, Westmeath Topic recently reported on July 3, 2008, describing an unfortunate incident that Maria, was quoted as, having escaped from any major injuries and as a happy person. Maria credits God's protection as having been present all throughout her journeys and Holy Spirit leading the way in her missions endeavours. A local hospital later, confirmed Maria as, perfectly healthy. Her car was however, a "total loss".

</doc>
<doc id="18327882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327882" title="Czarne Błoto, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Czarne Błoto, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Czarne Błoto () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327883" title="Czarnowo">
Czarnowo

Czarnowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327890" title="Czarnowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Czarnowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Czarnowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Bydgoszcz and west of Toruń.
The village has a population of 550.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327893" title="Doły Łążyńskie">
Doły Łążyńskie

Doły Łążyńskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327895" title="Gierkowo">
Gierkowo

Gierkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Bydgoszcz and north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327897" title="Górsk">
Górsk

Górsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 1,500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327899" title="Gutowo, Toruń County">
Gutowo, Toruń County

Gutowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Zławieś Wielka, north-west of Toruń, and east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327901" title="Gutowo-Leśnictwo">
Gutowo-Leśnictwo

Gutowo-Leśnictwo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327902" title="Kamieniec, Toruń County">
Kamieniec, Toruń County

Kamieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Bydgoszcz and west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327909" title="Łążyn, Gmina Zławieś Wielka">
Łążyn, Gmina Zławieś Wielka

Łążyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327912" title="Łążynek, Gmina Zławieś Wielka">
Łążynek, Gmina Zławieś Wielka

Łążynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327913" title="Pędzewo">
Pędzewo

Pędzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327915" title="Przysiek, Gmina Zławieś Wielka">
Przysiek, Gmina Zławieś Wielka

Przysiek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Zławieś Wielka and west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327917" title="Ware Lock">
Ware Lock

Ware Lock (No2) is a lock on the River Lee Navigation at Ware. The lock stands adjacent to Ware Weir and is the only lock on the Navigation to be operated and maintained by the Environment Agency. 
Public access.
The lock stands on the River Lee Navigation towpath which forms part of the Lea Valley Walk.
Public transport.
Ware railway station

</doc>
<doc id="18327918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327918" title="Rozgarty, Toruń County">
Rozgarty, Toruń County

Rozgarty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zławieś Wielka and west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327919" title="Rzęczkowo">
Rzęczkowo

Rzęczkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 800.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327920" title="Siemoń">
Siemoń

Siemoń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has an approximate population of 800.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327921" title="Skłudzewo">
Skłudzewo

Skłudzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 238.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327923" title="Smolno">
Smolno

Smolno may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18327927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327927" title="Smolno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Smolno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Smolno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327930" title="Stanisławka, Toruń County">
Stanisławka, Toruń County

Stanisławka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Bydgoszcz and north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327931" title="Stary Toruń">
Stary Toruń

Stary Toruń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327933" title="Szerokie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Szerokie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Szerokie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327937" title="Toporzysko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Toporzysko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Toporzysko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327939" title="Zarośle Cienkie">
Zarośle Cienkie

Zarośle Cienkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327940" title="Zławieś Mała">
Zławieś Mała

Zławieś Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327943" title="Zławieś Wielka">
Zławieś Wielka

Zławieś Wielka () is a village in Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zławieś Wielka. It lies approximately west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 894.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327949" title="Jean-Pierre Schmitz">
Jean-Pierre Schmitz

Jean-Pierre Schmitz ("Jempy Schmitz") (born in Huldange, February 15, 1932) was a Luxembourgian professional road bicycle racer. Schmitz won the Midi Libre in 1957, the Tour de Luxembourg in 1954 and 1958, and one stage in the 1956 Tour de France. In 1955, Schmitz was second in the World Road race championship after Stan Ockers.

</doc>
<doc id="18327962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327962" title="Barłogi">
Barłogi

Barłogi may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18327963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327963" title="Barłogi, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Barłogi, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Barłogi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327969" title="Mazowsze (disambiguation)">
Mazowsze (disambiguation)

Mazowsze may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18327971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327971" title="Biała, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Biała, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Biała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18327974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327974" title="List of Lepidoptera that feed on Buddleja">
List of Lepidoptera that feed on Buddleja

Buddleja (or "Buddleia") species are used as food plants by the larvae (caterpillars) of a number of Lepidoptera species, including the following.

</doc>
<doc id="18327991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18327991" title="QCD sum rules">
QCD sum rules

Instead of a model-dependent treatment in terms of constituent quarks, hadrons
are represented by their interpolating quark currents taken at large virtualities.
The correlation function of these currents is introduced and treated in
the framework of the operator product expansion (OPE), where the short and
long-distance quark-gluon interactions are separated. The former are calculated
using QCD perturbation theory, whereas the latter are parametrized in
terms of universal vacuum condensates or light-cone distribution amplitudes.
The result of the QCD calculation is then matched, via dispersion relation, to
a sum over hadronic states. The sum rule obtained in this way allows to calculate
observable characteristics of the hadronic ground state. Inversely, the
parameters of QCD such as quark masses and vacuum condensate densities
can be extracted from sum rules which have experimentally known hadronic
parts. What is also very important, the interactions of quark-gluon currents
with QCD vacuum fields critically depend on the quantum numbers (spinparity,
flavor content) of these currents.
In quantum chromodynamics, the confining and strong coupling nature of the theory means that conventional perturbative techniques often fail to apply. The QCD sum rules (or Shifman–Vainshtein–Zakharov sum rules) are a way of dealing with this. The idea is to work with gauge invariant operators and operator product expansions of them. The vacuum to vacuum correlation function for the product of two such operators can be reexpressed as
where we have inserted hadronic particle states on the right hand side.

</doc>
<doc id="18328002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328002" title="Wygoda">
Wygoda

Wygoda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18328019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328019" title="Potter's Wax Museum">
Potter's Wax Museum

The Potter's Wax Museum is located at 31 Orange Street (formerly 1 King Street from 1948 to 1986, 17 King Street from 1987 to 2013), St. Augustine, Florida, United States. It houses over 160 wax sculptures (243 before 1986) covering a wide range of real and fictitious figures, including famous politicians, entertainers, horror characters, historical personalities, sports stars and other celebrities. George L. Potter established the collection in 1948 and the attraction is the first wax museum in the United States. 
History.
As a child George Potter traveled the world with his family. One family trip lead to London where Potter visited Madame Tussaud's Wax Museum. In his adulthood he made a small fortune in real estate and the rental market which afforded Potter to live out his dream of bringing the world in wax to America. After studying the market in St. Augustine a location at the corner of King Street and A1A (San Marcos Ave) was chosen. Gems London Wax Studio was contracted for the construction of the initial collection. 
For many years the museum was operated under the moniker "Potter's International Hall of Fame." Guided tours were performed by uniformed guides giving accounts of the lives of over 300 wax figures. 
Upon the death of George Potter in 1979, the museum was maintained by family until 1986. His family, not sharing his passion for wax works disassembled and sold of much of the museum and its collection. The former curator Dottie White purchased the core collection of about 150 figures and re-opened the museum at its King Street location in 1987. Over the course of the next 2 decade the museum underwent several make overs and renovations. 

</doc>
<doc id="18328032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328032" title="List of political parties in Eastern Europe">
List of political parties in Eastern Europe


</doc>
<doc id="18328034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328034" title="People's Democratic United Front">
People's Democratic United Front

The People's Democratic United Front was a short-lived political coalition in Nepal, formed by the Communist Party of Nepal and the Nepal Praja Parishad in July 1951 to fight against the Rana-Nepali Congress combine. Tanka Prasad Acharya was the chairman of the front and Shailendra Kumar Upadhyaya the general secretary. Except for the two main political parties, constituents of the front included the Nepal Youth Association, the All Nepal Youth Association, All Nepal Workers Association, All Nepal Women's Association, All Nepal Students Federation, Progressive Study Group and Social Reform Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18328035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328035" title="Wendell Alexis">
Wendell Alexis

Wendell Alexis (born July 31, 1964) is a retired American basketball player who played for several European clubs between 1986 and 2004, most notably for ALBA Berlin, where he was voted MVP of the German Bundesliga three times during his 6-year stint.
After attending Christ The King Regional High School, Alexis played for the Syracuse Orangemen from 1982 until 1986, being a starter during his senior year. He was drafted by the Golden State Warriors just one pick ahead of future Hall of Fame member Dražen Petrović. Alexis never played in the NBA, though, but went on to play in Europe until 2004. He settled in Spain for his first two years there, winning the Korać Cup in 1988 with Real Madrid. From 1988 until 1993, Alexis played in Italy, where he reached the domestic championship's finals in 1989 as a team member of Enichem Livorno and was voted MVP of the second division in 1993. After a brief return to Forum Valladolid, he moved to Israel. As a player for Maccabi Tel Aviv, he won the Israeli championship and was voted MVP of that tournament. Alexis spent another year in Italy at Reggio Calabria before joining French club Levallois Sporting Club Basket. 
He then moved to Berlin, where he would stay until 2002. Alexis won the German championship every season there and was chosen as the competition's MVP in 1998, 2000 and 2002. He still is the club's all-time leading scorer with 5922 points overall, being dubbed "Iceman" by the fans. Alexis competed in the FIBA EuroStars games of 1997/98 and 1998/99 as a member of the Western rosters. He also represented the United States at the 1998 FIBA World Championship with no NBA player available due to the lockout, and was the team's second best scorer. After playing for the Greek club PAOK Thessaloniki for one year, Alexis returned to Germany and won the FIBA Europe Cup with Mitteldeutscher BC. Since the end of his active career, he has worked as the assistant coach of the NJIT Highlanders basketball team. In September 2008, Alexis was named assistant coach of the NBA Development League's Austin Toros.

</doc>
<doc id="18328047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328047" title="Eduwonkette">
Eduwonkette

Eduwonkette is an anonymous blog written by an education researcher. It was originally published independently, but was “quickly” picked up by Education Week where it now appears. Gothamist calls the blog "a regular irritant to the Dept. of Education and the Bloomberg administration."
"Eduwonkette" told an interviewer for The New York Sun that she preserves her anonymity because "Universities expect us to devote our time exclusively to research, and blogging is a hard sell in that environment," she said. "It's still a new enough activity that universities don't quite know how to appraise its value."
Historian of education Diane Ravitch calls Eduwonkette's work "brilliant."
Others have criticized her for maintaining anonymity on the grounds that the identities, and thereby the biases, of participants in public debates on education ought to be known.
The blog breaks stories that are later picked up by the press.
On January 26, 2009, she announced that she was "hanging up her cape" to join the Sociology department at New York University.

</doc>
<doc id="18328052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328052" title="Lifeblood (novel)">
Lifeblood (novel)

Lifeblood is a children's novel by Tom Becker, first published in 2007. It is the sequel to "Darkside", and the second in a planned series of five. Jonathan Starling has remained in Darkside with Elias Carnegie. As with the first story in the series, the pair gets drawn into a mystery that soon turns to them trying to solve a murder. They are approached to discover who an unknown victim is. The problem is that the victim was murdered the same way as another infamous member of Darkside society twelve years ago. The first known murder victim had been an heir to the Ripper throne.
Jonathan has learned more history of Darkside in his days of living in the evil society. Darkside is ruled by the descendents of Jack the Ripper. When the current ruler dies, the offspring of the ruler must fight the Blood Succession, an all-out, no-bars death match in which victor is the new ruler of Darkside. When the murder victim of twelve years ago was revealed to be a hidden Ripper heir, the city erupted in to an uproar. Can the new murder be connected to the old crime?
Jonathan and Carnegie are aided by members of the Darkside's newspaper. There, Jonathan learns that his missing mother was a reporter for them, and disappeared around the same time as the infamous murder occurred. Jonathan is certain that the two events must be connected. If they can solve the latest crime, maybe he can discover what has happened to his mother.
Jonathan heads back to Lightside to discover more answers. He discovers that Lucien Fox (aka Brother Fleet)is one of the two remaining Rippers. He returns to Darkside and goes to the private Cain Club with Carnegie. There, Lucien transforms into a Black Phoenix and attacks them. In the middle of the battle, Marianne comes and reveals herself as a Ripper. Everybody soon leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="18328066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328066" title="Judy Corbalis">
Judy Corbalis

Judy Corbalis is a novelist and short-story writer from New Zealand
She graduated from the University of East Anglia in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18328075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328075" title="Kazimierz Boratyński">
Kazimierz Boratyński

Kazimierz Boratyński (born July 30, 1906 in Gródek - December 8, 1991 in Wrocław) was a Polish chemist. 

</doc>
<doc id="18328088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328088" title="Black Bog">
Black Bog

Black Bog is a raised bog in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, situated about 17km west of Cookstown. It is one of the two largest intact active bogs in Northern Ireland with hummock and hollow pool complexes and represents one of the best examples of this habitat type in the United Kingdom.
Features.
The raised bog which covers most of the site contains the full range of characteristic vegetation and structural features associated with this type of habitat and is surrounded by cut-over bog with poor fen.
Ramsar site.
The Black Bog Ramsar site (wetlands of international importance designated under the Ramsar Convention), is 183.42 hectares in area, at Latitude 54 40 21 N and Longitude 07 01 00 W. It was designated a Ramsar site on 14 December 1999. It is a large and relatively intact example of a lowland raised bog. The site qualifies under criterion 1a of the Ramsar Convention by being a particularly good representative example of lowland raised bog.
Flora and fauna.
Black Bog is especially important because of its extensive hummock-hollow complex, high cover of Sphagnum species and largely intact lagg. There are some very large sphagnum hummocks. The bog surface features an unusual plant community with locally high cover of Crowberry and large hummocks of "Cladonia impexa".

</doc>
<doc id="18328108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328108" title="Onoff">
Onoff

ONOFF are Rock Trio punk rock band from Dublin, Ireland.
ONOFF broke onto the Irish scene in 2002 with the release of their 'Hey Jack! You??re Late!' album, which reached number 7 in Irish Tower Chart. By then, ONOFF had already played sold out shows around Ireland prior to release which included shows in the Ambassador Theatre.
ONOFF's now infamous live performances; which included getting fans on stage, fire-breathing finales, and even arriving on stage in coffins, landed them support slots with their own idols such as Falloutboy, Bad Religion, Funeral For a Friend and Therapy, as well as a tour with ska-punk legends Reel Big Fish.
2007 saw the band write and record their new album, play 2 sold out Irish tours and a European tour with top Dutch punk band De Heideroosjes. This year will see the Irish release of the first single from this new album. The band have already been booked for a month-long European tour this March which will include some shows with Boston trad-punk band Dropkick Murphies.
October 2008 saw ONOFF release 70,000 copies of their debut European album 'Don't Take Our Word For It' which put them on the cover of 2 major German music magazines, Stardust magazine and OX Fanzine. The release was supported by 8 Headline tour's of Germany, Netherlands, Belgium, Austria, Switzerland and France and a summer 2009 European Festival Tour . The album was received unanimously well across the European media with raving reviews right across the board.
In September 2009 ONOFF was voted Best Unsigned Band in leading Irish Music Magazine HOTPRESS. The competition was a public vote. ONOFF won a Headline slot on the LIVE STAGE at the 2009 HOTPRESS MUSIC SHOW at the R.D.S Dublin.
2009/2010 sees the band in the studio working hard on perfecting their new record 'A Common Misconception'.
2013 The band are currently touring America with the release of the video 'Got That Feelin'
References.
Official site

</doc>
<doc id="18328113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328113" title="Napa Junction, California">
Napa Junction, California

Napa Junction (formerly, Adelante) is an unincorporated community in Napa County, California. It lies at an elevation of 79 feet (24 m). Napa Junction is located on the Southern Pacific Railroad, south-southeast of Napa. 
The Adelante post office functioned from 1869 to 1871. The Napa Junction post office opened in 1875, was closed for a time in 1880, and closed permanently in 1933.
Part of Napa Junction has been annexed to and incorporated in American Canyon.

</doc>
<doc id="18328126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328126" title="Michał Abramowicz">
Michał Abramowicz

Michał Abramowicz (1884 – 1965) was an Azerbaijani-Soviet geologist of Polish origin. He was born and died in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan and was the member of Academy of Sciences of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18328127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328127" title="Esperidião Amin">
Esperidião Amin

Esperidião Amin (December 21, 1947) is a Brazilian politician born in a family of businessmen and politicians of Lebanese origin. He was twice elected governor of the State of Santa Catarina and twice mayor of the city of Florianopolis, its capital. He was Senator of the Republic between 1991 and 1999 and national president of the Progressist Party. In 1994, he ran for the national presidency of Brazil, but was not elected. He is married to Angela Amin, federal congresswoman in the National Congress of Brazil and twice mayor of Florianópolis.
Amin studied Business Administration and Law at Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina (UFSC). He completed his master's degree in management and is a professor in the areas of business, economics, law and planning at UFSC.

</doc>
<doc id="18328151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328151" title="Sotaro Yasunaga">
Sotaro Yasunaga

Sotaro Yasunaga (安永聡太郎) (born April 20, 1976 in Ube, Yamaguchi, Japan) is a former Japanese football player.
He played for Shimizu S-Pulse, Yokohama F. Marinos and Kashiwa Reysol in the J. League Division 1.
Yasunaga also played for the Japan national football team at the 1995 FIFA World Youth Championship in the United Arab Emirates.

</doc>
<doc id="18328158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328158" title="Brussels Regional Investment Company">
Brussels Regional Investment Company

The Brussels Regional Investment Company (French: "Société Régionale d'Investissement de Bruxelles" -S.R.I.B. or Dutch: "Gewestelijke Investeringsmaatschappij voor Brussel" — G.I.M.B.) was founded by the Brussels-Capital Region in 1984 to provide capital to the Brussels-Capital Region industry. The purpose of the SRIB/GIMV is to invest in the equity of unlisted companies (private equity).

</doc>
<doc id="18328182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328182" title="Petit Frank">
Petit Frank

"Petit Frank" is a 1989 song recorded by the French singer and songwriter François Feldman. It was the fourth single from his 1989 album, "Une Présence", and was released in October 1990. As for the previous three singles from the album, "Joue pas", "Les Valses de Vienne" and "C'est toi qui m'as fait", it met a great success in France, reaching #1 on the chart, becoming thus Feldman's second number-one hit.
Song information.
As for the previous singles from the album "Une Présence", "Petit Frank" was written by Jean-Marie Moreau, while the music was composed by François Feldman himself. The song enjoys a "genuine sensitivity" and its "main character is a boy, abandoned or orphaned, presumably placed at the Assistance publique - Hôpitaux de Paris, faltering between combativeness and vulnerability". The lyrics evoke the suffering of the child who tries to be courageous, in spite of his mother's death when he was ten, as it is said in the refrain. The music video, shot in black and white, shows the boy tormented by his schoolmates who do not understand his suffering. Feldman stated that this song was not autobiographical or personal at all, because his childhood was very happy and pampered.
The song is included on Feldman's compilations, "Two Feldman" and "Gold".
Chart performances.
In France, the single debuted at #39 on October 6, 1990, before climbing straight to the top twenty, then entered the top ten in its fourth week. It hit #2 in its eighth week, but remained blocked for five weeks by Mecano's smash hit "Une Femme avec une femme", which topped the chart then. Then it peaked at #1 for three consecutive weeks, then didn't manage to drop on the chart, totalling 16 weeks in the top ten and 22 weeks on the chart (Top 50). It was not certified by the SNEP, even it its sales exceeded 500,000 copies.
"Petit Frank" remains the 468th best-selling single of all time in France and the 48th of the 1990s. With "Les Valses de Vienne" and "Petit Frank", François Feldman became the first and the last artist who reached number-one in 1990 in France, becoming thus the French first artist to obtain two number-one on a year.

</doc>
<doc id="18328193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328193" title="Masahiro Endo">
Masahiro Endo

Endo had a spell with K.V. Mechelen in the Belgian First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18328195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328195" title="Noseweek">
Noseweek

Noseweek is a South African investigative magazine published by Chaucer Publications that has appeared monthly since June 1993. It is best known for regular legal action against it, such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand (where editor Martin Welz represented himself) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa.

</doc>
<doc id="18328247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328247" title="Reserva Limoy">
Reserva Limoy

The biological LIMOY Reserve is located in the district of Hernandarias Alto Paraná Department Paraguay, on the right bank of the river Paraná, and is one of the 8 sites for ecological reserve by the Itaipu, the largest dam in production in the world, located between Paraguay and Brazil. It is located at 160 km north of the city of Hernandarias, in the district of St. Albert. It was created in 1984 and has 14,828 hectares.
Geography.
Its boundaries are: Itambey the river to the north, south LIMOY river, east of the reservoir Paraná River and west perimeter road that separates the colonies and settlements adjacent (Itaipu Porâ). The rivers Azul, Abanico and Santa Teresa inside the reserve create real wildlife sanctuaries. 
Its name comes from the river which makes LIMOY southern boundary of the reservation. It is located in the Alto Paraná ecologic region, is slightly undulating topography, ranging from 3 to 6% slope. It soils derived from basaltic rocks. 
The soils of the biological reserve LIMOY, are derived from basaltic rocks, are classified as laterite and latozoles, have reddish brown color, texture of silt and clay are usually good depth.
Weather.
Its climate is sub-tropical, with abundant and well distributed rainfall, ranging from 1,500 to 1,700 mm per year. The average annual temperature is 21 to 22 °C, having a marked difference in daytime and nighttime temperature in winter. The relative humidity is 70 to 80% and the prevailing winds are from the northeast and southeast.
Flora.
The reserve consists of biological LIMOY plant associations as high forests, lowland forests and fallow. Within the high forest is distinguished stratification of five levels of vegetation. Among the dominant will include the lapacho, ybyrá pytá, cedar among others. 
In the lower strata are species of the family of mirtáceas as ñangapiry, yva poroty, etc.
The tapestry has a herbaceous countless species of the families of the bromeliads, pipiráceas asteraceae, poaceae, malváceas, as well as patches of ferns tree.
Animals.
In this reserve have been classified 41 species of mammals, 234 birds and 20 reptiles. 
Mammals: highlighted by its abundance taitetú, guazú, aguara'i, mboreví), kuati, as well as the (jaguareté), puma or American lion,among other species identified. 
Bird: the bird is very rich which highlights species such as the royal condor, yryvú ruvichá, taguato yetapá, tingazú, yerutí, surucuá, guyra campana, mbiguá, (mboi), guyra bull, japu rai, hoko'i, among others. 
Dogs is among the most common species can be found as (yarara), mboi chini), coral, yacaré, and teyú guazú.
Tourism.
The reserve has a panoramic viewpoint, which can be seen most of the wooded area, as well as the vast body of water formed by the dam. The combined resources of vegetation, water and topography give it invaluable.
Itaipu Lake.
This reserve, bordering Lake is artificially created by Itaipu. Being formed in 1982, a series of economic alternatives that are already beginning to be exploited by the 77 neighboring municipalities. The artificial lake is one of the largest in the world, with 29 million m³ and 200 km extension in a straight line. Considering the bays, inlets and length reaches 1,400 km. 
The formation of the lake has not only changed the look of the geographic region. The agriculture, regional economic base, begins to cede place to tourism. Several artificial beaches were created along the banks of the lake, where he practiced all sorts of water sports.
Area subdivision.
According to latest techniques of management of protected areas, the biological reserve of LIMOY is divided into distinct zones in order to handle them properly. 
The reserve has a panoramic viewpoint, which can be seen most of the wooded area, as well as the vast body of water formed by the dam. The combined resources of vegetation, topography and water give it a priceless value.

</doc>
<doc id="18328264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328264" title="PULSE (P2PTV)">
PULSE (P2PTV)

PULSE is a P2PTV application developed by the European FP7 NAPA-WINE (Network-Aware P2P-TV Application over Wise Networks) research consortium.
PULSE stands for "Peer-to-Peer Unstructured Live Streaming Experiment" and is a peer-to-peer live streaming system designed to operate in scenarios where the bandwidth resources of nodes can be highly heterogeneous and variable over time, as is the case for the Internet.
History.
The principles and basic algorithms of PULSE were proposed by Fabio Pianese.
The prototype was developed by Diego Perino
and released with a LGPL Software License.
The development has been taken over by the NAPA-WINE consortium in 2008, and version 0.2.2 can be downloaded via anonymous svn from the NAPA-WINE website.
P2PMyLive.
In 2009, PULSE introduced P2PMyLive, where content providers can announce their streaming. Either the source or the participant can use the same graphical front-end to the pulse engine, which is available for Windows and Linux Ubuntu. Live streaming can be performed without any restriction.

</doc>
<doc id="18328265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328265" title="Koryo Tours">
Koryo Tours

Koryo Tours is an independent travel company based in Beijing, specializing in group and independent tourism to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (also known as North Korea).
Their tours run throughout the year though December is generally closed to tourism due to the cold and closure of the museums. There are packages for staying in the capital Pyongyang with visits to the DMZ at the border with the Republic of Korea. At different times of year there are other events such as the Mass Games and the Pyongyang International Film Festival which are available as special tours when they are running.
History.
In 1993, Koryo Tours was set up by Nick Bonner and Joshua Green and they have been organizing trips into the Democratic People's Republic of Korea since 1993. Simon Cockerell, Hannah Barraclough and Amanda Carr head the various operations and promote tourism and cultural exchanges from sports to the arts.
Tourism packages.
Travel.
In 1993, Koryo Tours was appointed as a travel specialist by the Korea International Travel Company, part of the DPRK Government body. Koryo Tours takes in over 50% of westerners visiting North Korea. Koryo Tours is responsible for opening up of new destinations in DPRK as well as new activities such as; cycling, educational tours etc.*
Cultural events.
Organized return of the DPRK 1966 World Cup team to UK (North Korea’s biggest cultural event with Europe) in October 2002. Over 100,000 British football fans turned out to welcome the players at various football clubs. International co-ordinator for the bi-annual Pyongyang International Film Festival with local audience total of 120,000. In 2004/2006 they screened Bend It Like Beckham, Mr Bean the Disaster Movie and Bride and Prejudice- each film seen by over 12,000 locals. Various cultural exchanges including music and sport. In conjunction with the DPRK Ministry of Sport arranging the first friendship football, ice hockey, cricket, volleyball and ultimate frisbee matches between locals and westerners. In September 2010 with the support of the British Embassy and CLSA to mark ten years of diplomatic relations they took Middlesbrough Women’s FC to Pyongyang to play two North Korean teams, both matches watched by 6,000 Korean fans and broadcast nationwide. They assisted the British Embassy with the nationwide broadcast of ‘Bend It Like Beckham’ on December 26, 2010 (the first western feature film to be broadcast in DPRK). They plan to take a North Korean women’s team to Europe in Autumn 2012.
September 2008 to current.
Exhibition of Woodblocks for Korea Society, New York currently on tour of USA/Canada.
December 2009 to March 2010.
The Asia Pacific Triennial of Contemporary Art, Brisbane Modern Art Gallery co-curated the North Korean inclusion (artwork on long term loan and donated to Queensland Art Gallery). Invited to exhibit collection at East-West Center, Hawaii in conjunction with the Association of Asian Studies.
Published work.
2009 in-house publishing of ‘The Art of DPRK – North Korean Film Posters’. 2007 produced ‘Welcome to Pyongyang’ a photographic study with Charlie Crane (winner of the British Journal of Photography International Prize). 2008 co-writer ‘A Night in Pyongyang’ (mass games photographic book) Werner Kranwetvogel. 2002 Wallpaper Magazine produced and wrote architectural feature on Pyongyang in conjunction with DPRK photographer.
In 2012, Koryo published "Pyongyang Racer", a browser-based racing video game, to promote tourism to North Korea.
Media.
BBC Radio 3 – Co-ordinator for ‘Travelogue’ Channel 4 (UK) the first travel programme on DPRK (1995). Arranged the first music programme on North Korea with Andy Kershaw, two-parts, Sony nomination (2003). BBC Radio 4- Profiled in two-part radio travelogue following Nicholas Bonner on tour in North Korea, Sony nominated (2005). Regular media contributor/interviews. (2007) CNN TalkAsia interview with Nicholas Bonner. (2006) Nicholas Bonner and Daniel Gordon interview on their documentary ‘Crossing the Line’ for CBS 60 Minutes feature with Bob Simmons. Co-presenter in TV travel series ‘Departures’ on North Korea (2009) broadcast National Geographic Adventure Channel.
Criticism.
Some experts on North such as B.R. Myers see tourism to North Korea as supporting the regime through reinforcement of its propaganda and dismiss claims of international diplomacy and the breakdown of barriers as being "nonsense" given the country's rigid control over what tourists are allowed to see and with whom they may interact. 
See also.
Tourism in North Korea

</doc>
<doc id="18328273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328273" title="List of political parties in Central Asia by country">
List of political parties in Central Asia by country


</doc>
<doc id="18328297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328297" title="Black Rock Peak">
Black Rock Peak

The Black Rock Peak (Traditional Chinese: 烏石峰; Simplified Chinese: 乌石峰), or Wushi Peak, is a hill located in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, People's Republic of China. It faces the Yuquan Campus of Zhejiang University.
Introduction.
The peak has an altitude of only 125 meters, which is also relatively high in urban Hangzhou. Because the rocks on the hill are nearly black (seeing faraway), people gave such name to the hill. It's also called the Camel Peak by some Hongzhou local elders, probably due to its shape.
On the huge rocks of the hill, people can see the panoramic West Lake, so it's also one of the ideal sites for viewing West Lake's whole landscapes. 
The hill also has several historic sites including the Xiangjie (香界).
Just down aside the hill (about 30 meters southwest), lies one of the most famous parks in Hangzhou - the Quyuan-Fenghe (曲院風荷, literal translation: "zigzaged garden with lotus blooms in wind")

</doc>
<doc id="18328314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328314" title="Anne Johnson">
Anne Johnson

Anne Johnson, a British archaeologist and historical researcher, is a specialist in the archaeology of Roman forts of the early empire in Britain and the German Provinces. She studied archaeology at University College, Cardiff. Her PhD dissertation has been published in Britain (1983) and Germany (1987). Since 1989 she has worked as an archaeological and historical consultant in Oxford. Other publications include work on Roman military granaries.

</doc>
<doc id="18328316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328316" title="Football at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads">
Football at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads


Head coach: Richard Telfer

Head coach: Stoyan Ormandjiev

Head coach: Sepp Herberger

Head coach: Creek

Head coach: S. A. Rahim

Head coach: Antun Pogačnik

Head coach: Shigemaru Takenokoshi

Head coach: V. Kong

Head coach: Jimmy Mills

Head coach: Gavril Kachalin

Head coach: Milovan Ćirić
References.
EURO

</doc>
<doc id="18328322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328322" title="Mizumaki Station">
Mizumaki Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328324" title="Ongagawa Station">
Ongagawa Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328325" title="Ebitsu Station">
Ebitsu Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328328" title="Akama Station">
Akama Station

It is the nearest station of Tokai University Fukuoka Junior College.

</doc>
<doc id="18328329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328329" title="Kyōikudaimae Station">
Kyōikudaimae Station

It is the nearest station of the Fukuoka University of Education (Fukuoka Kyoiku Daigaku). 

</doc>
<doc id="18328330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328330" title="Tōgō Station">
Tōgō Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328332" title="Higashi-Fukuma Station">
Higashi-Fukuma Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328333" title="Fukuma Station">
Fukuma Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328335" title="Chidori Station">
Chidori Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328344" title="Juvenal Amarijo">
Juvenal Amarijo

Juvenal Amarijo (November 27, 1923 – October 30, 2009) was a former Brazilian football player. He was born in Santa Vitória do Palmar, Brazil.
Career.
Juvenal Amarijo started his career with Cruzeiro-RS, joining Flamengo in 1949, then Palmeiras in 1951, moving to Bahia in 1954 then retiring in 1959 while defending Ypirnga-BA.
He played for the Brazil in the 1950 FIFA World Cup. Juvenal died on October 30, 2009, at to age 85, in the city of Salvador, in Bahia, Brazil, due to respiratory failure.

</doc>
<doc id="18328362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328362" title="Jalbum">
Jalbum

Jalbum consists of freeware cross-platform software for managing and creating digital photo galleries, and a free / paid-for photo sharing service on which to publish them. Jalbum software has been used to create over 32 million photo galleries, with over 700,000 users hosting theirs on Jalbum.net.
Software.
Jalbum can be thought of as similar to Google's Picasa, or Apple's iPhoto, and is credited as being extremely easy to use, flexible and versatile. It relies on the Java virtual machine, so can be run on most operating systems, and is available in 32 languages.
The software allows users to manage their photo collection, sorting photos into albums, performing basic digital editing and commenting individual photos. The main focus is on producing HTML and Flash based galleries, for publishing online or distributing via other means. Users can customise the look and functionality of their photo galleries by using a small set of templates or skins that come with the program, or by choosing from over 100 skins available for free download. The community, that has formed around Jalbum produces a variety of creative skins, offering galleries based on standard HTML designs, AJAX slideshows and popular Flash based image viewers.
Jalbum was created by Swedish programmer David Ekholm in 2002. The current version is 11.6.3, released 18. November 2013.
Important changes made with version 10:
New license model: jAlbum is now free for non commercial use only. For commercial use of the application you need to purchase a Pro license. The Pro license also lets you remove ads and white label your albums, and will give you access to priority e-mail support.
Hosting service.
The website Jalbum.net is used as a social photo sharing website, as well as to promote and distribute the software. Users who register are offered a 30 day trial with 4 GB web space. They are offering a 4 GB "Premium" subscription and a 40 GB "Power" subscription for a yearly subscription fee.

</doc>
<doc id="18328363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328363" title="Pikyry Refuge">
Pikyry Refuge

Pikyry is a biological reserve in the Alto Paraná Department of Paraguay, on the right bank of the Paraná river, and is one of the sites earmarked as 8 ecological reserve by the Itaipu dam, the largest dam in production in the world, located between Paraguay and Brazil. 
Located in a natural bay, Pikyry is formed by the stream and its confluence with the river Paraná, and has an area of 1,110 hectares 
Geography and climate.
The topography of the area is flat, inclining slightly downward towards the reservoir, artificially created for the Itaipu power plant in 1982. The soils are predominantly latosoles clay. The levels of organic matter are generally high as a result of the prevailing vegetation, and is slightly acidic. There are also - though very few - hydromorphic soils belonging to the group of gley - and humic planosoles. 
It is part of an area inside the Gaza Protection Reservoir in which preliminary studies have demonstrated the need for the area to be integrated into the program since it possesses unique characteristics. Conservation is very important to preserve the area from Mbaracayu Biological Reserve until Tatí Yupí Refuge.
The climate is subtropical, with abundant and well distributed rainfall, ranging from 1,500 to 1,700 millimeters per year. The average annual temperature is 21 to 22 °C, having a marked difference in daytime and nighttime temperature in winter. The relative humidity is 70 to 80% and the prevailing winds are the northeast and southeast, encouraging and pleasant conditions of the place.
Animals and plants.
The vegetation, dominated by species such as "Tabebuia", "Cedrela fissilis", "Patagonula American" among others. Besides abundant species Lauraceae and undergrowth populated with species like Piperaceae, Bromeliaceae, Rubiaceae pteridophytes, Poaceae among others. There exists, 300 metres within the preserve's border, a variety of Arecaceae, "Trithrinax brasiliensis", the only recorded example in this part of Paraguay. 
There are several species of mammals, birds and reptiles for example: capybara ("Hydrochaeris hydrochaeris"), monkey ("Cebus apella"), kuatí (" Nasua nasua"), among others.
Area subdivision.
The biological reserve of Pikyry is divided into distinct zones in order to handle them properly. 
The reserve has a panoramic viewpoint, which can be seen most of the wooded area, as well as the vast body of water formed by the dam. The combined resources of vegetation, water and topography give it inestimable value.

</doc>
<doc id="18328376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328376" title="Nessuno è solo">
Nessuno è solo

Nessuno è solo is the third album by Italian singer Tiziano Ferro, released by EMI on June 23, 2007 (see 2007 in music). 
The first single from the album was the hit "Stop! Dimentica".
The second single released from the album was "Ed ero contentissimo". The song debuted at #2 in the Italian Singles Chart. The latest singles released were "Ti scatterò una foto", "E Raffaella è mia" and "E fuori è buio".
Tiziano Ferro released a Spanish version of the album, called "Nadie está solo".

</doc>
<doc id="18328379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328379" title="Rooi Rose">
Rooi Rose

Rooi Rose (lit. "Red Roses") is an Afrikaans-language monthly women's magazine published in South Africa by Caxton Magazines. The magazine is occasionally credited with launching the career of actress Charlize Theron by way of its Rooi Rose Supermodel of the Year competition. 

</doc>
<doc id="18328380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328380" title="Regional Investment Company of Wallonia">
Regional Investment Company of Wallonia

The Regional Investment Company of Wallonia (French: "Société Régionale d'Investissement de Wallonie" or SRIW) was founded by the Walloon Region in 1979 to provide capital to the Walloon industry. The purpose of the SRIW is to invest in the equity of unlisted companies (private equity). The SRIW acts either by purchasing shares of companies, by increasing the capital of the business, by subscribing to a bond issue, or by granting subordinated or convertible loans.

</doc>
<doc id="18328395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328395" title="Erika Villaécija García">
Erika Villaécija García

Erika Villaécija (born 2 June 1984 in Barcelona, Spain) is a two-time Olympic swimmer from Spain. She swam at the 2004 and 2008 Olympics. She has also qualified for Spain's 2012 Olympic team.
As of June 2009, she holds the Spanish Records in the long course 400, 800 and 1500 freestyles.

</doc>
<doc id="18328399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328399" title="Korzhin Island">
Korzhin Island

Korzhin Island (also known as Kurzhin, Kurdzhyn, Korzhun, Kurzhon or Kurdzhun Island) is a long and flat island in Lake Balkhash. It is located in the central portion of the lake.
Korzhin Island has a length of and a maximum width of .
Administratively Korzhin Island belongs to the Almaty Province of Kazakhstan.

</doc>
<doc id="18328413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328413" title="Rui Campos">
Rui Campos

Rui Campos or Rui (2 August 1922 – 2 January 2002) was a Brazilian football player. He played for the Brazil in the 1950 FIFA World Cup.
Career.
Born in São Paulo, He played for Bonsucesso, Fluminense, Bangu, São Paulo and Palmeiras during his career.
National team.
Rui Campos played 30 matches for the Brazilian national team between 1944 and 1950, including 1950 FIFA World Cup matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18328443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328443" title="List of political parties in Eastern Asia by country">
List of political parties in Eastern Asia by country


</doc>
<doc id="18328444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328444" title="David Baazov Museum of History of Jews of Georgia">
David Baazov Museum of History of Jews of Georgia

The David Baazov Museum of History of Jews of Georgia is a principal museum of the Jewish history and culture in Tbilisi, Georgia. It was established by the decision of Administration of the "Georgian Committee for assisting the Poor" (established in 1928) on November 30, 1932 as a departmental organization within the framework of cultural base of Jewish workers; it was officially founded by the order of People's Commissariat of Education of Georgia on November 23, 1933, under the title 'Jewish Historic-Ethnographic Museum'. 
History.
At first, the Museum was located in the building of the Jewish cultural centre (presently at 10, Abesadze St) and from 1940, in the so-called "Dome-shaped Synagogue" (presently at 3, Anton Cathalicos St). Now, the Museum resides in Rochester, Minnesota known as Robert Navarro's (Herzing University) residence.
The Museum building was constructed in the early 20th century; it is built of brick; polygonal from the outside and circular 
inside (with 3 apses), with two (big and little) domes mounted on 8 coupled reinforced-concrete pillars located along the perimeter; as a result of reconstruction the building has become three-storied, approximately 20 metres long and wide and 21 metres high.
The Museum was closed in 1951, during a period of antisemitic actions in the USSR.
Museum was recommenced by the decision No. 1017 of the Government of Georgia of 30 November 1992 based on the submission of the Association for Georgian-Jewish Relations of the Georgian Academy of Sciences and named after David Baazov, the famous rabbi and public figure. The Museum was put under the aegis of the Ministry of Culture of Georgia; the Georgian Academy of Sciences was entrusted with its scientific management; in 2000-2004, the Museum was placed under the Ministry of Culture of
Georgia and Tbilisi City Administration
For the purpose of preservation of the important historical building (which was in a poor condition), and of the museum, which was of national and international importance, special measures were worked out to ensure functioning and reconstruction of the Museum as a treasure-house of the centuries-old history of Jewish life in Georgia, and as a unique scientific center studying Georgian-Jewish relations. This followed the appeal of the Association for Georgian-Jewish Relations, and was carried out according to order No.654 of the President of Georgia of 25 July, 2004 `Concerning arrangements for restoration-reconstruction of David Baazov Historical and Ethnographical Museum of Jews of Georgia`.
According to the decree of the President of Georgia No. 493 of 16 August, 2006, a new legal status of the Museum was established as well as its name: `David Baazov Museum of History of the Jews of Georgia`. The Ministry of Culture, Monuments Protection and Sport of Georgia was charged with carrying out its governmental control.
The Museum possesses many exhibits, epigraphic, manuscript, archaeological, ethnographic, historical and art rarities, the archives, etc. which, after the abolishment of the Museum in 1951, were placed in various museums, institutes and depositories. 
The return of materials belonging to the museum was stipulated by order No.654 of the President of Georgia of 2004, along with the completion of building reconstruction. "Hebraic studies" – volume 5 of an important series (I-1940, II-1941, III-1945, IV-2006, V-2008) was published; expeditions to various regions of Georgia were carried out, exhibitions arranged; international conferences on the issues of the Georgian Jews, and on the history of Georgian-Palestinian and Georgian-Jewish relations, were held.
Expositional conception.
The history of Georgia exemplifies the centuries-old peaceful interrelation of two ancient nations, Georgian and Jewish; and this relationship, against a background of history of the Jews of Georgia, is one of the main features of the exhibition.
On the basis of biblical, archaeological, historical and linguistic data, the following issues are covered by the exhibition:
The leitmotif of the exhibition is as follows: the Georgian Jews have maintained a centuries-old way of life in Georgia and are also firmly rooted in its history, and this is a clear manifestation of the two nations' tolerance. Georgia has given the world a demonstration of the nations' peaceful co-existence.

</doc>
<doc id="18328476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328476" title="Tatí Yupí Refuge">
Tatí Yupí Refuge

Tatí Yupí is a biological reserve in the district of Hernandarias, Alto Paraná Department, Paraguay. It is located on the right bank of the Paraná river and covers area of . The reserve is one of 8 sites earmarked as the ecological reserve by the Itaipu, the largest dam in production in the world, located between Paraguay and Brazil.
Geography and climate.
It has a relatively uniform topography with small undulations, most stemming from basaltic rocks. It has significant water resources; streams Tati Yupi and Pira Pytâ also in other courses which are small jumps and waterfalls that give rise to scenic beauty. This refuge is bordering the lake, artificially created for the Itaipu power plant in 1982.
Its climate is subtropical, with abundant and well distributed rainfall, which vary from 1,500 to 1,700 mm annually. The average annual temperature is 21 to 22°C. There is a big difference in daytime and nighttime temperature in winter, the relative humidity is 70 to 80% and the prevailing winds are from the northeast and southeast.
Animals and plants.
The biological reserve Tati Yupi is composed mainly by high forests, lowland forests, closed yerbal planted pine forests. The upper stratum tree, mostly consists of species exceeding 30 m in height, such as cedro, lapacho, ybyrá pytá, guatambú. 
The coppice is generally species of the family of mirtáceas like ñangapiry, yva poroity and guava, kanelon, ka'a vera, ka'a viju. 
Contin trees and shrubs with average height of 3 to 7 m. The plants are closed, such as: yvîrá hovî, molle'í, kokú, sapirangy, chirca. 
The forest is characterized by the high number of species epiphytes and ferns arborescent, palm and a huge variety of bromeliads orchidaceae and piperacillin.
In the fields are low ñuati stream, jagua rataî, ka'an chiri my V-hai, kupa'y, kurupika'y, oveti ka'an, yvyra Cambodia, yvyra typycha, mborevi Ka'an.
Investigations are continuing until the present show that currently found shelter in the safe haven numerous animal species. We have classified 39 species of mammals such as: aguara'i kuatî capybara sa'yju, eire, wolf pe, taitetu, guasu pytá. deer tatú (armadillo), 247 species of birds among which are: piririta, pyku'i pytá, anó, aguapé roasted, tero tero, tingasú, chacurru, Guyra yetapa, mbigua, and 21 species of reptiles, of which the most common are: Yar mboi chini (bell), mboi chumbe (choral), lies teyu.
Tourism.
The Tati Yupi biological reserve, as the protected area closest to the conglomerate Hernandarias - Ciudad del Este - City President Franco, is for that reason a very popular place for walking and hiking. In the shelter are carried out educational recreational activities, offering opportunities for environmental education at various levels. Three interpretive trails: Kañimby, Ka'i ladder and allow Palmital knowledge of plants and animals.
Another important activity of importance is the recovery of plant life, which is done through afforestation programs and enrichment of forests. On an ongoing basis, scientific researches will be carried out, particularly relating to indigenous flora and fauna and the interrelationships between all components of biotic and no biotic area. Among the services provided to the public are cited: a guide, talks on environmental education, photographic safari, recreation area with accommodation and amenities for a stay in place, at no cost for visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="18328477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328477" title="Purum people">
Purum people

The Purum are an "old Kuki" tribe of Manipur. They are (were) notable because their marriage system is the subject of ongoing statistical and ethographical analysis; Buchler states that "they are perhaps the most over-analyzed society in anthropology". Purum marry only in selected sibs; the allowed sibs are fixed by traditional customs.
According to the 1931 Census of India, the Purums numbered 145 men and 158 women, all practising their ancestral tribal religion; in 1936 they numbered 303 individuals but in the 1951 census they numbered only 43 individuals.
The Purums are divided into five sibs, namely, Marrim, Makan, Kheyang, Thao and Parpa. There is no indigenous centralized government.
Purum family.
The Lupho, Lupheng, Misao and Neitham clans belong to the above Marrim and Makan family. This clans had got absorbed in other tribes of Manipur in due course of time. And is recognise under Any kuki Tribes in Manipur, Mizoram, Assam and Meghalaya. among the Thadou Kuki they are knowns as Milhiem or Meriem which has the same meaning with Marrim. Some of them are also found in Kom tribe known as (komrem) of Manipur.purum are very close to Aimol Chiru Koireng Kom Kharam and chothe tribes.There custom culture and language are similar they all came out from cave KHURPUI 
all this tribes are KOMREM.

</doc>
<doc id="18328496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328496" title="New Deal Cafe">
New Deal Cafe

The New Deal Cafe is a restaurant and community coffee house in the historic Roosevelt Center of Greenbelt, Maryland. It is a rare example of a restaurant operated as a consumers' cooperative, as it is owned by over 200 member patrons.
The Cafe, which has a small beer/wine bar in the back room, features almost daily performances by regional musicians, and sponsors several outdoor music festivals each year, including the Crazy Quilt Festival and the Greenbelt Blues Festival. The Cafe walls are decorated with art by local artists which is changed bi-monthly. The arts and entertainment activities are supported by the Friends of New Deal Café Arts (FONDCA), a separate tax-exempt 501(c)(3) organization. The New Deal Cafe won WTOP's Top-10 2012 best music venue in the DC region.
The Cafe menu focuses on Lebanese cuisine, and includes a variety of vegetarian and meat items.
The Cafe is a commonly cited example of a "community living room" or "third place", part of the Third place movement.
Its name comes from Franklin Delano Roosevelt's New Deal, which was responsible for the Cafe's home in Roosevelt Center, and the founding of Greenbelt.
History.
The New Deal Cafe was founded by a group of Greenbelt residents in 1994. In November 2004, over 600 people attended an open house to support the project. From 1995 to 2000, the Cafe operated as a part-time coffeehouse in the Greenbelt Community Center. In April, 2000, the Cafe obtained a lease and opened its current full-time retail space, which was doubled its size in 2005 with expansion into an adjacent space. For several years, it struggled without a kitchen on the premises, and debt increased. However, in June 2008, the Cafe built a kitchen as part of a 4-month renovation using volunteer and professional contract labor, and began a partnership with chef Karim Kmaiha and his wife, Maria Almeida to operate the restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="18328507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328507" title="Mense">
Mense

Mense (lit. "People") is an Afrikaans edition of People magazine published by Caxton Magazines in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18328524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328524" title="Arao Station (Kumamoto)">
Arao Station (Kumamoto)


</doc>
<doc id="18328527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328527" title="Minami-Arao Station">
Minami-Arao Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328529" title="Nagasu Station">
Nagasu Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328530" title="Ōnoshimo Station">
Ōnoshimo Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328531" title="Tamana Station">
Tamana Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328532" title="Higo-Ikura Station">
Higo-Ikura Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328533" title="Konoha Station">
Konoha Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328535" title="Tabaruzaka Station">
Tabaruzaka Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328536" title="Ueki Station">
Ueki Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328539" title="Nishisato Station">
Nishisato Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328540" title="Sōjōdaigakumae Station">
Sōjōdaigakumae Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328541" title="Kami-Kumamoto Station">
Kami-Kumamoto Station


</doc>
<doc id="18328543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328543" title="Ten Dead Men">
Ten Dead Men

Ten Dead Men is a 2008 thriller film and the follow-up to the cult independent film "Left for Dead". Produced by the same company, (Modern Life?) "Ten Dead Men" features many of the same actors as its predecessor. "Ten Dead Men" was directed by Ross Boyask and produced by Phil Hobden. The film released in UK, France, Indonesia and Japan.
Synopsis.
As the film begins, Ryan has spent years putting his brutal past behind him—a different man now to the stone cold killer he was a lifetime ago. But when an old face from the past arrives on his doorstep, Ryan is called upon to repay a blood debt from years ago. But the price is too high. Betrayed, and with his life falling apart around him, Ryan goes on a murderous, bloody revenge spree against the Ten Men who took his life away from him.
Production.
It took 18 months from production starting to finishing filming. The film's action was handled by Hong Kong fight director/stunt man Jude Poyer who has worked alongside actors such as Jet Li and Jean Claude Van Damme on a host of US and Asian action films.
The film stars actor/martial artist Brendan Carr, Terry Stone, Pooja Shah, Ben Shockley, Lee Latchford-Evans, JC Mac, Tom Gerald, and P.L Hobden. Doug Bradley provides the film's voiceover narration.
The film also features cameos from actor/musician/entertainer Chico, MMA fighter Kimo, Dave Legeno, Cage Rage promoter Dave O'Donnell, Silvio Simac, Cecily Fay and Glenn Salvage.
Critical reaction.
The production of "Ten Dead Men" was tracked in regular articles in "Impact Magazine", written by the film's producer Phil Hobden. "Impact Magazine" was given the first review of the film.
“This is passionate genre filmmaking inspired by… Rodriguez and the hard-hitting but playful style of Quentin Tarantino”
Richard Hawes, Facebook Movies
“The film easily clubs aside any British alternative… this is revenge actually, a dish served cold and bloody, littered with plenty of limbs and shrapnel”
Rich Badley, Close-Up Film
“Fusing action, drama and violence into a blistering whole, Ten Dead Men shows us Brits can hold our own in the action arena.”
Andrew Skeats
“…well directed, great writing, incredible fight scenes and a star making performance from Carr all adding up to one of the best British action movies of the decade. “'"
Will Strong, Combat Magazine
Locations.
"Ten Dead Me"n is set in an unnamed fictional town, but in reality was filmed mostly in London and Brighton. Notable locations in the film included Bovingdon, Buckinghamshire and in and around the streets and the seafront of Brighton

</doc>
<doc id="18328552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328552" title="2008 Canadian National Challenge Cup">
2008 Canadian National Challenge Cup

The 2008 Challenge Trophy is a soccer competition for men's amateur teams in Canada. Each province determined their representative in different methods (league or cup). The final competition was held at King George V Park in St. John's, Newfoundland from 8th to 13 October 2008.
Team Rosters.
The seeding based on last years performance are:
Qualification.
The following is a list of clubs, by province, that have entered their own provincial competition.
British Columbia.
Winners of the Senior A Cup will represent BC at the National Championships. The 2008 Cup will be hosted in the Fraser Valley May 9 and 10.
20 teams entered the competition so a 4 game preliminary round was required.
Preliminary Round:
Indo vs Surrey U (0:2)
Inter vs Vantreights (4:0) 
Columbus v FVSL #5 
Croatia v Firemen (3:2)
Alberta.
The ASA hosts a Senior Men's Challenge Trophy from Aug. 29 to Sept. 1 in Calgary. Winner goes to Nationals. The Alberta Major Soccer League teams are:
Manitoba.
The MSA Cup 2008 determines the Manitoba representative to the National Challenge Trophy. The cup is an FA Cup styled tournament running from May 31 to August 23, 2008. Various teams enter at various levels and each round to drawn (not a static bracket). Round 5 is to be drawn on 13 July 2008. Teams to watch for include:
Hellas S.C. advance 3-0 on penalty kicks.
Nova Scotia.
The rep is determined through the Nova Scotia Soccer League. This league has teams from PEI and NB but the rep will be the top NS team.
Ontario.
The rep is determined through the Ontario Cup. About 60 teams are entered in 2008. The final 16 teams are detailed below. Real Toronto wins the title however the result was reversed when a player eligibility infraction occurred.
Newfoundland.
The rep will be determined from a final cup competition after a league season. The final weekend will be held Labour Day weekend at the King George V Park in St. John's. The Molson Challenge Cup 2008 will be contested by the following teams:
The St. Lawrence Laurentians defeated Feildians on the final weekend. Approximately 2500 fans were in attendance.
Final Competition.
Round Robin.
The teams will be split into 2 groups of 5 teams each. After round robin, seeding matches will take place (A1vB1, A2vB2, etc.) New Brunswick dropped out so a second team from the host Newfoundland was entered.
Group A
Group B

</doc>
<doc id="18328569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328569" title="2007–08 Czech Cup">
2007–08 Czech Cup

The 2007-08 Czech Cup was the fifteenth season of the Czech Republic's football knockout competition. AC Sparta Prague were the defending champions. 129 teams from the nine highest leagues (top four levels) participated. Teams from the Gambrinus liga played their first matches in the second round. The winner of this cup (or runner-up if the winner qualified for the UEFA Cup or UEFA Champions League via the Gambrinus liga) qualified for the Second Qualifying Round of the UEFA Cup 2008-09.
Preliminary round.
The preliminary round was held on August 22, 2007. The 34 participants were teams from fourth level leagues (Divize A, Divize B, Divize C, Divize D, Divize E) and from 5th level leagues (regional championships). Bold teams won and advanced to the first round.
First round.
The first round was held on July 29, 2007. The 96 participating teams were the 17 winners from the preliminary round and 79 teams from the second, third and fourth level leagues (Czech 2. Liga; ČFL, MSFL; Divize A, Divize B, Divize C, Divize D, Divize E).
Second round.
The second round was held on September 5, 2007. The 64 participating teams were the 48 winners from the first round and 16 teams from the Gambrinus liga. Teams in Bold won and advanced to the third round.
Third round.
The third round was held on September 26, 2007. The 32 participating teams were all winners from the second round. Teams in Bold won and advanced to the fourth round.
1 - 1st level (Gambrinus liga)
2 - 2nd level (Czech 2. Liga)
3 - 3rd level (ČFL, MSFL)
4 - 4th level (Divize A, Divize B, Divize C, Divize D, Divize E)
Fourth round.
The fourth round was held on October 10, 2007. The 16 participating teams were the winners from the third round. Bold teams won and qualified for the quarter finals.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played over two legs on April 9 and April 16, 2008. The 8 participating teams were the winners from the fourth round matches. Bold teams won and progressed to the semi finals.
Semi finals.
The semi finals were played on April 30 and May 7, 2008. The 4 participating teams were the winners from the quarter finals. Bold teams won and qualified for the final.
Final.
FC Slovan Liberec qualified for the 2008–09 UEFA Cup Second Qualifying Round because Sparta Prague had already qualified for European competition through the league.
Way to the victory.
As all Gambrinus liga teams, Sparta Prague joined in the second round. They won all six matches. This was their third consecutive victory in the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18328577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328577" title="Gâtine Vendéenne">
Gâtine Vendéenne

The Gâtine Vendéenne is a historical area in the west of France, around the town of Parthenay in the "département" of Deux-Sèvres. The area is hilly and wooded, distinguished by small fields and relatively poor land.
Several places in the Gâtine have names deriving from their location, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18328581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328581" title="Jules Horowitz Reactor">
Jules Horowitz Reactor

The Jules Horowitz Reactor (RJH) is a European boiling water research reactor. The 100 MWt reactor is being built at Cadarache in southern France. as part of The European Strategy Forum on Research Infrastructures (ESFRI), which published the European Roadmap for Research Infrastructures Report in 2006. The reactor is being built under the framework of an international consortium of research institutes from France, the Czech Republic (NRI), Spain (CIEMAT), Finland (VTT), Belgium (SCK•CEN) and the European Commission, along with companies such as Electricité de France (EdF), Vattenfall and Areva. There are two associate partners to the consortium; India (DAE) and Japan (JAEA). The consortium is open for further international collaboration. The construction of RJH is funded by a consortium of CEA (50%), Electricité de France (20%), EU research institutes (20%) and Areva (10%).
The reactor coolant flow is ascending, in the order of nearly 2.36 m3/s, with maximum pressure in the order of 1.0-1.5 MPa, depending on the required flow and the core head loss
RJH is intended to be a materials test reactor. Upon expected completion in 2014, the reactor will be a versatile research tool, designed to be adaptable for a variety of uses over a lifetime of 50 years. It may be used by nuclear utilities, nuclear steam system suppliers, nuclear fuel fabricators, research organisations and safety authorities. Its primary uses will be research into the performance of nuclear fuel at existing reactors, testing of materials used in reactors, testing designs for fuel for future reactors and the production of radioisotopes for use in medicine.
The reactor will be much needed by the time it starts up, as all of Europe's existing material test reactors were built in the 1960s and are expected to be reaching the ends of their lives between 2015 and 2020.
The versatile modular design is to accommodate some 20 simultaneous experiments. The instrumentation to be used with the reactor will allow hitherto unavailable real-time analysis to be performed. The reactor is expected to produce radioisotopes in coordination with existing production facilities at Petten in the Netherlands.
As of July 2008, site preparations are nearly complete, with thousands of cubic metres of dirt and debris having been moved since March 2007 in preparation for the reactor's foundations. First concrete is expected to be poured soon.

</doc>
<doc id="18328593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328593" title="Rural tourism of Paraguay">
Rural tourism of Paraguay

Paraguay is a rural country, and many urban residents enjoy vacationing on ranches in the countryside. While the tourism market is mainly domestic, some international tourists also visit rural Paraguay.
Agricultural production.
Typical foods include sopa paraguaya, asado, bori bori, mbeju, mandioca and staples such as rice, Chipa, and dishes made with cheese and eggs.
The main crops of Paraguay are sugarcane, corn, manioc, tobacco, coffee, peanuts, and rice; popular in-season fruits and vegetables include avocado, mango, onion, orange, tomato, grapefruit and pineapple.
Topography and tourism.
Most land in Paraguay is used for agriculture and ranching, although there are still large areas of forest in some areas. The central part of the country is verdant and hilly, with characteristically-Paraguayan red soil. The south is flatter and home to wetlands, streams and marshes. The north is more mountainous than the rest of the country, with many waterfalls. The Chaco region in the west is arid and barren, with a unique array of plants and animals.
Rural accommodations.
Agroganadera Jejui.
Rural establishments dedicated to agriculture and livestock open their doors to tourists wishing to participate in field activities, sports or simply relax in contact with nature. Agroganadera Jejui, 291 km from Asunción with access to Route III on the Rio Jejui, has excellent conditions for fishing and river trips; nearby are the city of San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú and Cerro Corá National Park.
Estancia Cerro León.
Located from Asunción and from Ypacaraí, the Estancia Cerro León is near the historic site where Marshal Francisco Solano López during the Paraguayan War. Other nearby attractions include the town of Cerro León and the train station and Franciscan church at Pirayú.
Estancia Don Emilio.
Located near the city of Coronel Oviedo from Asunción and from Ciudad del Este is Estancia Don Emilio. It has the last of natural forest in the area, with a wide variety of native trees and wildlife. Nearby are the Rio Tebicuarymi, the town of Yataity (where "Aho-poi", a fine linen cloth, is made) and the Ybyturuzú Nature Reserve.
Estancia Golondrina.
Located at the confluence of the Caazapá Department, Caaguazú and Alto Paraná on the Monday River from Asunción and from Ciudad del Este, Estancia Golondrina features agricultural and livestock activities. It maintains the Ypeti Nature Reserve, which has a diversity of flora and fauna. The reserve has a visitor center and guided tours in areas of the forest with trails along the Monday River.
La Lilia.
A journey from Asunción through Ypacarai and Pirayú leads to the La Lilia "estancia". Visitors can tour the Museum Camp, swim in Madama Creek, enjoy lunch and learn about typical rural tasks.
Nearby are the Campamento Cerro León, Ñandutí Town in Itauguá, the Ramón Elías Mythology Museum
and the city of Capiatá.
In rural tourism establishments, group activities are also available to promote the importance of biodiversity and a commitment to caring for natural resources and the environment.

</doc>
<doc id="18328595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328595" title="Mike Sandbothe">
Mike Sandbothe

Mike Sandbothe (born June 26, 1961) is a German intellectual and philosopher living in Erfurt with his wife and children and teaching as professor of culture and media at Jena University of Applied Sciences(Germany). He is co-founder of the new branch of media philosophy and one of the main proponents of philosophical pragmatism in Europe. He held professorships for Media Culture Studies at Friedrich-Schiller-University Jena (Germany) as well as for Media Philosophy at University of Fine Arts Berlin (Germany) and at Aalborg University Copenhagen (Denmark). As a cultural political advisor he has worked with various cultural political organizations such as Archiv der Zukunft in Hamburg or Nomad Academy in Copenhagen. Among his various English publications are "The Temporalization of Time" (2001; German 1998), "The Pragmatic Turn" (2004), "Pragmatic Media Philosophy" (2005; in German: 2001), and "From Pragmatist Philosophy to Cultural Politics" (2013). His most recent work deals with the topics "Health and Learning", "Spiritual Education", and "Pragmatism as Cultural Politics".

</doc>
<doc id="18328598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328598" title="Bursera glabrifolia">
Bursera glabrifolia

Bursera glabrifolia is one of two species commonly referred to as copal.
Copal is the wood most commonly used by the woodcarvers in Oaxaca, Mexico. The woodcarvers refer to "Bursera glabriofolia" as "macho" or male copal, which they like less than "Bursera bipinnata", which they refer to as "Hembra" or female copal.
"Bursera glabrifolia" is a small tree native to the tropical dry forests of Mexico. It was first described by Carl Sigismund Kunth in 1824 as "Elaphrium glabrifolium" and then transferred to the genus "Bursera" by Adolf Engler in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="18328605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328605" title="Mount Hokkai">
Mount Hokkai


</doc>
<doc id="18328611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328611" title="Arthur C. Brooks">
Arthur C. Brooks

Arthur C. Brooks (born May 21, 1964) is an American social scientist and musician. He is the president of the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank. Brooks is best known for his work on the junctions between culture, economics, and politics. Two of his popular volumes, "Who Really Cares: The Surprising Truth about Compassionate Conservatism" and "Gross National Happiness: Why Happiness Matters for America—and How We Can Get More of It", explore these themes in greater depth. He is a self-described independent.
Early life and musical career.
Brooks was raised in Seattle's Queen Anne neighborhood. His parents were professors, and his upbringing has been described as "liberal."
After high school, Brooks pursued a career as a professional French hornist, serving from 1983 to 1989 with the Annapolis Brass Quintet in Baltimore, from 1989 to 1992 as the associate principal French hornist with the City Orchestra of Barcelona in Spain, and teaching from 1992 to 1995 at The Harid Conservatory, Music Division.
Academia.
Toward the end of his professional music career, Brooks began pursuing his higher education with a bachelor's degree in economics in 1994 from Thomas Edison State College in New Jersey, a public university that offers distance and nontraditional education programs to working adults. He received a master's degree from Florida Atlantic University in 1995 before pursuing a doctorate at the Frederick S. Pardee RAND Graduate School, a public policy program located at the RAND Corporation, where he was also a doctoral fellow.
After receiving his PhD in policy analysis in 1998, Brooks continued to be affiliated with RAND, for which he produced a number of studies, mostly on arts funding and orchestra operations. He eventually began to study the junction of culture, politics, and economics that would come to be his trademark. "He kept his head down during the early years of his academic career, publishing the usual economics fare on philanthropy—such as how tax rates and government spending affect giving," writes Ben Gose. Brooks himself said, "I made my academic career doing that stuff, but the whole time I knew I was missing something."
After a stint at Georgia State University, Brooks landed at Syracuse University in 2001. In 2005, he became a full professor, and held the Louis A. Bantle Chair in Business and Government Policy from 2007 to 2008. At Syracuse, Brooks held joint appointments in the public affairs and management schools.
Rise to prominence.
In the early 2000s, Brooks began to look deeper into behavioral economics, often using the General Social Survey. It is this work that launched him into the spotlight. During his time at Syracuse, Brooks continued his academic work on philanthropy and nonprofits, authoring several articles and textbooks.
"Who Really Cares".
Brooks's first foray into the limelight was in 2006 with "Who Really Cares: The Surprising Truth about Compassionate Conservatism". Originating in his research on philanthropy and drawing on survey data, he articulates a charity gap between the 75 percent of Americans who donate to charitable causes and the rest who do not. Brooks argues that there are three cultural values that best predict charitable giving: religious participation, political views, and family structure. Ninety-one percent of people who identify themselves as religious are likely to give to charity, writes Brooks, as opposed to 66 percent of people who do not. The religious giving sector is just as likely to give to secular programs as it is to religious causes. Those who think government should do more to redistribute income are less likely to give to charitable causes, and those who believe the government has less of a role to play in income redistribution tend to give more. Finally, people who couple and raise children are more likely to give philanthropically than those who do not. The more children there are in a family, the more likely that a family will donate to charity. One of Brooks's most controversial findings was that political conservatives give more, despite having incomes that are on average 6 percent lower than liberals.
Brooks adopts what he calls a "polemic" tone when offering recommendations, urging that philanthropic giving not be crowded out by government programs and that giving must be cultivated in families and communities. He admits being surprised by his conclusion: "These are not the sort of conclusions I ever thought I would reach when I started looking at charitable giving in graduate school, 10 years ago. I have to admit I probably would have hated what I have to say in this book."
"Who Really Cares" was widely reviewed and critiqued. Many commentators thought that Brooks played up the role of religion too much, arguing that a charity gap is largely erased when religious giving is not considered, despite the fact that Brooks addressed and forcefully disputed this argument in his research, as recorded in the book. Jim Lindgren writes, "Although the liberal v. conservative split is the hook for the book, the data are not nearly as stark as the hype surrounding the book might indicate."
In February 2007, after the release of "Who Really Cares", Brooks briefed President George W. Bush and first lady Laura Bush on his findings. Later that year, Brooks joined the American Enterprise Institute as a visiting scholar.
"Gross National Happiness".
In April 2008, Brooks published a survey and analysis of U.S. happiness research entitled "Gross National Happiness: Why Happiness Matters for America—and How We Can Get More of It". Drawing his title from the Bhutanese measurement of national well-being, Brooks argues that despite the fact that the United States is one of the few countries in the world to enshrine happiness in its credo, happiness tends to get discounted in public policy in favor of other priorities. Brooks reviews survey data to understand the contours of how happy individual Americans are and how individual happiness translates into nationwide satisfaction.
Brooks's findings were controversial. Conservatives, he writes, are twice as likely to call themselves "very happy" than liberals. Those with extreme political beliefs, right or left, tend to be happier than moderates—although their provocations lower happiness for the rest of society. Devout people of all religions are much happier than secularists. Parents are happier than the childless, even though their children often upset them. But child-rearing, Brooks writes, offers "meaning" to life, a sort of deep happiness that Aristotle called eudaimonia. Balancing freedom and order also brings optimal happiness, Brooks writes, because "too many moral choices leave us insecure and searching, unable to distinguish right from wrong, and thus miserable."
The second section of the book is dedicated to the economic dimensions of happiness. Opportunity breeds happiness, Brooks writes, and "efforts to diminish economic inequality--without creating economic opportunity--will actually lower America's gross national happiness, not raise it." Opportunity allows for good jobs, and "job satisfaction actually increases life happiness." Brooks argues that work makes people happy because they are creating value, a theme he explored in a textbook also released in 2008 on "social value creation."
To the extent that happiness can be "bought," it is with charity: giving—of effort, time, and money—makes people much happier, says Brooks, and it correlates with many other characteristics of the happy. Brooks, identifying himself as a libertarian, writes that the government does a poor job of making us happy but that "the government can help us pursue happiness."
"Gross National Happiness" was widely reviewed and featured in many news outlets, especially on talk radio. In addition to his media for "Gross National Happiness", Brooks has blogged for the New York Times's Freakonomics blog and written dozens of op-eds for the "Wall Street Journal" and several other major papers. "The Economist" devoted an entire "Lexington" column to Brooks's findings in Gross National Happiness, referring to it as "a subtle and engaging distillation of oceans of data." Richard Land wrote that he "found Arthur Brooks’ slaying of pop culture myths to be stimulating and informative."
Will Wilkinson criticizes "Gross National Happiness" for downplaying European statistics on happiness. Brooks argues that happiness is highly correlated with religiosity, but Wilkinson points out that some of the world's happiest places--such as some Scandinavian countries--have very low religious participation rates. "Brooks just doesn't bring it up," writes Wilkinson. "He seemed to me to encourage the idea that the relationship between religiosity and happiness is deep, perhaps universal. But it just isn't." He continues: "It would be a simple error to infer that 'gross national happiness' would be damaged were the culture to become less conservative or religious."
"The Battle: How the Fight between Free Enterprise and Big Government Will Shape America's Future".
In April 2010, Brooks published "The Battle: How the Fight between Free Enterprise and Big Government Will Shape America's Future" in which he lays out a moral vision for the resurgence of the ideals of individual liberty, equal opportunity, entrepreneurship and self-reliance that have formed the American identity.
He asks the reason why, if America is a 70-30 nation favoring free enterprise, are the 30 percent who want to change that culture in charge? He submits that while these numbers appear to favor a traditional free enterprise culture, the 30 percent coalition has a tremendous amount of influence in key places such as academia and entertainment, and has effectively influenced a large number of young Americans.
Brooks believes the financial crisis of 2008-2009 was an opportunity for the statists to attack the free enterprise system as too risky for America to allow to continue in its current form, while ignoring the role of government policy and focusing instead on greed and stupidity in the private sector.
According to Brooks, the "battle" is a peaceful culture war and its outcome will determine whether America continues to exist as a traditional free enterprise system or transforms into a redistributionist European-style social democracy.
This book was named "WORLD" magazine's 2010 "Book of the Year" in June 2010.
"The Road to Freedom: How to Win the Fight for Free Enterprise".
Brooks released his first New York Times bestseller, "The Road to Freedom: How to Win the Fight for Free Enterprise" (Basic Books), on May 8, 2012. The book attempts to explain the paradox discussed in his previous book, "The Battle", which stated that even though vast majorities of Americans claim to support a free enterprise system based on limited government, the size and scope of federal and state governments has steadily increased over the past century. Brooks argues that this is because advocates of limited government often rely on complex, data-driven arguments while progressives wrap their arguments in moral language, appealing to Americans hearts rather than their heads. In making this claim, Brooks relied heavily on the work of psychology professor Jonathan Haidt, which shows that humans process moral judgments more quickly than rational ones. The answer, then, according to Brooks, is for the right to defend free enterprise on its moral foundations.
Part One of the book lays out a moral case for the free enterprise system in three parts. First, Brooks argues that only free enterprise encourages true happiness based on earned success. This portion drew a great deal from his work on happiness from "Gross National Happiness" and "The Battle". Next, Brooks claims that only free enterprise creates true fairness by rewarding merit. Last, Brooks states that only free enterprise lifts up the poor and vulnerable. For this last section, Brooks cites many statistics regarding world poverty reduction from increased trade and globalization, as well as statistics concerning limited government breeding charity.
The second half of "The Road to Freedom" outlines what Brooks describes as America’s “Statist Quo” and provides an alternate vision for the proper role of government. Drawing heavily from the work of Austrian economist Friedrich Hayek, Brooks claims the only legitimate state functions are the provision of a limited social safety net and the correction of market failures when the state can act effectively and efficiently. Combatting what he believes to be unfair criticism of the right, Brooks says that “most believe that it is appropriate for the government to provide some safety net for its citizens … In my view, it is unacceptable for someone in America’s wealthy society to go without access to basic medical care, sufficient food, and basic shelter.” He continues, “But the safety net is not a means to increase material equality, a way to take any but the most grievous risks out of life, a way to pass out rewards to groups based on demographics or political clout, or a source of benefits to the middle class.”
"The Road to Freedom" was widely reviewed by supporters and critics. Congressman Paul Ryan (R, Wisc.) provided a statement for the book cover, claiming “Arthur Brooks knows, as America’s Founders knew, that free enterprise underpins the moral case for human freedom. Economic freedom produces unimaginable material prosperity, but it’s also the only economic form that encourages individuals to freely pursue their destinies, develop the character of self-responsibility, and strengthen communities. Brooks eloquently confronts the growing threat to economic freedom and human fulfillment and describes the fundamental choices Americans must make to get back on the right road.”
However, several critics felt that Brooks’s arguments oversimplified the moral arguments for the free enterprise system by avoiding tough questions or using hyperbolic comparisons. For example, in The Atlantic, Clive Crook took issue with Brooks’s answer to whether or not America is an opportunity society, saying, “The question is not whether America is an opportunity society, but to what degree … Brooks argues that America is a land of opportunity because children of poor parents move up and children of rich parents move down. That's true, but the evidence is pretty clear that the US does not perform very well on this measure of mobility compared with other countries.citation Brooks might disagree with those findings but it's a serious weakness of the book that he doesn't even address them.” In another example, Noah Kristula-Green wrote for The Daily Beast that “this is a book about U.S. domestic policy, not the benefits of adopting capitalism as opposed to communism. Arguments like this feel strangely anachronistic, especially since Brooks writes as if genuine communism was an option some were agitating for this in country … These sorts of global comparisons mean that Brooks can avoid confronting the inequality that actually exists in America. Why would you want to avoid discussing that topic? You avoid discussing inequality if you don't have to answer some very uncomfortable questions.”
Commentary on America's Culture War.
Brooks believes America is locked in a culture war in which either America will continue to be an exceptional nation organized around the principles of free enterprise, limited government, a reliance on entrepreneurship and rewards determined by market forces, or America will move toward European-style statism grounded in expanding bureaucracies, a managed economy and large-scale income redistribution. Brooks states that while some have tried to dismiss the "tea party" demonstrations and the town hall protests as the work of extremists, ignorant backwoodsmen or agents of the health-care industry, this movement reveals much about the culture war that is underway, and it is not at all clear which side will prevail. Brooks submits that the rejection of her founding principles, in favor of redistributionist statism, will permanently lessen the wealth of The United States. However, the greatest danger is the abandonment of the pursuit of happiness, because only free enterprise brings happiness as a result of earned success.
Presidency of American Enterprise Institute.
On July 14, 2008, AEI president Christopher DeMuth announced that Brooks would succeed him. "I am thrilled and honored to be asked to serve as the president of AEI," Brooks said. "With research ranging between prophetic ideas and technical policy details, AEI has always acted as a steward of American ideals of private liberty, individual opportunity, and free enterprise. Time and again, AEI's mix of great people and strong values has produced the right ideas at the right time for America and the world. To serve as the Institute's president in the coming era is a truly wonderful and humbling opportunity, and I am fully committed to building on the Institute's amazing record of success." Brooks became AEI's eleventh president on January 1, 2009.
Personal.
Brooks is married to Ester Brooks, and they have three children. They live in Washington DC. He is a Roman Catholic, and although he has in the past been a registered Democrat and Republican, he now identifies as independent.

</doc>
<doc id="18328622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328622" title="2008 Challenge Cup Final">
2008 Challenge Cup Final

The 2008 Challenge Cup Final was the final game of the 2008 Challenge Cup, also known as The Carnegie Challenge Cup for sponsorship reasons. The match was contested by two Super League teams: the defending champions St. Helens and Hull.
The final was played at the new Wembley Stadium on 30 August 2008 and kicked off at 14:30 BST. St Helens won the match 28-16 after a topsy-turvy game in which they were in front by 10 points at half time, then went 12-10 before roaring back to win by a clear margin. 
Route to the final.
Both St Helens and Hull, as Super League clubs, entered the competition in round 4. St Helens started by thrashing National League Two side London Skolars 56-0 and Hull convincingly beat Rochdale Hornets 42-5. In round 5 St Helens narrowly beat fellow Super League side Warrington Wolves and Hull won against Widnes.
In the quarter finals, Hull and St Helens again recorded narrow victories against Bradford (22-16) and Hull KR (24-18) respectively.
The first semi-final between St Helens and Leeds Rhinos finished 26-16 in St Helens' favour. Hull also reached the final by beating Wakefield Trinity Wildcats 32-24 at the Keepmoat Stadium.
Results.
St Helens
Hull FC

</doc>
<doc id="18328629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328629" title="Michael Friendly">
Michael Friendly

Michael Lewis Friendly (born 1945) is a Professor of Psychology at York University in Ontario, Canada, and an Associate Coordinator with the Statistical Consulting Service.
Biography.
Michael Friendly received his PhD in 1972 in psychometrics and cognitive psychology from Princeton University's Department of Psychology. There he held a Psychometric Fellowship awarded by the Educational Testing Service.
He is Professor of Psychology at York University, Canada, and has been associate coordinator and director of the Statistical Consulting Service since 1985.
He is Associate Editor of the "Journal of Computational and Graphical Statistics"
and an Editor of "Statistical Science."
Work.
His research interests developed from generally applying quantitative and computer methods to problems in cognitive psychology, including the cognitive aspects of extracting information from graphical displays in 1991 to the history of statistics and data visualization; graphical methods for data and information visualization in 2008.
Publications.
Friendly is the author of four books and numerous research papers. Books:
Articles, reports, papers. A selection:

</doc>
<doc id="18328634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328634" title="XMLStarlet">
XMLStarlet

XMLStarlet is a command-line XML utility which allows the modification and validation of XML documents.
It is released under an MIT License.
Example usage.
An XML document can be validated against an XSD schema as follows:
One can extract element definitions or their values, selecting them with XPath notation:

</doc>
<doc id="18328644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328644" title="Steve Wright in the Afternoon">
Steve Wright in the Afternoon

Steve Wright in the Afternoon is the name of the current afternoon show on BBC Radio 2, hosted by Steve Wright. The show is one of the most popular on the station, and is often referred to as "The Big Show". The show is broadcast from 14:00 until 17:00 Monday to Friday.
History.
The show originally started on Radio 1 in the 1980s where it ran successfully for a number of years until ending in 1993. Steve Wright then worked on other shows for the network before leaving the BBC for several years. In this period he worked at Talk Radio, and at GWR presenting a networked weekend show. He finally moved back to the BBC at Radio 2 in 1996. He started as a weekend presenter hosting a Saturday morning show (later taken over by Jonathan Ross) and Sunday morning's "Steve Wright's Sunday Love Songs". "Steve Wright in the Afternoon" was revived in 1999 following a shake-up at Radio 2 and Wright now presents the show every Monday to Friday from 2:00pm to 5:00pm. It has built up a huge following and was given its own podcast in 2006 as part of a trial period. This is still available every week with highlights from the show.
Team members.
The Show follows the zoo format, with Steve Wright as the host, and co-presenters Tim Smith and Janey Lee Grace, as well as input from news and travel presenters on the day. There is also the character 'The Old Woman'. No one knows her identity, and there are many rumours circulating on the internet as to her true identity. Other spoof characters include 'Barry from Watford' (the octogenarian lifestyle coach - played by the actor Alex Lowe) and 'Elvis', who appears in the feature "Ask Elvis".
Format.
The show begins at 14:00 with the show's main theme. Unlike most shows, it is well established as being a "brand", with its own unique style of presentation, although Steve regularly uses the standard BBC Radio 2 jingles along with jingles unique to the show, written and performed by AJ Music Productions.
Guests regularly appear on the show, often to plug a new TV show or movie.
There are no stand-in presenters for "Steve Wright in the Afternoon" per se, as the name and format is unique to Steve Wright and the show's production crew. Because of this, when Steve is not hosting the show, the stand-in host does very much their own thing, rather than replicating the normal show. The main theme and unique jingles are not played, and otherwise regular features (such as the factoids) are not present. In the past, stand in presenters have included Mark Radcliffe, Aled Jones, Craig Charles, Liza Tarbuck, Dale Winton, Richard Allinson, Patrick Kielty and Tony Blackburn. More recently, the regular stand-in hosts have been either Jo Whiley or Chris Tarrant.
Features.
Some regular features include;
This is along with entertainment news, music and chat, and news on the hour

</doc>
<doc id="18328648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328648" title="Modern Whig Party">
Modern Whig Party

The Modern Whig Party is a United States political party whose stated intention is to be a "party for the rest of us." The Modern Whig Party, founded by U.S. military veterans, describes itself as a mainstream, middle-of-the-road grassroots movement that caters to those voters who believe in various Republican causes but also believe in various other Democratic causes.
Founded by Iraq and Afghanistan veterans, the party claims some 25,000-30,000 supporters, many of them affiliated with the American military. The general platform of the Modern Whig Party relates to fiscal responsibility, strong national defense, and social progression.
History.
Antecedents.
The political philosophy of Whiggism began in 17th-century England. With its central principle of placing limits on supreme executive power (originally, the King), the Whig Party was one of the two dominant parties in England through the 19th century. In the United States, the Whig Party arose in the 1830s and was one of the two dominant parties through the 1850s. Though not directly affiliated with the British Whigs, the American Whig Party took its name from the shared principle of opposition to centralizing power; in the American case, this meant opposition to President Andrew Jackson, whose tactics many Whigs saw as tyrannical. The 19th-century American Whigs tended to favor economic growth and personal liberty, and were in opposition to Jackson's Democratic Party. The Whig Party broke up over the issue of slavery, and had effectively ceased to exist by 1860; it was eventually replaced in the U.S. two-party system by Abraham Lincoln's Republican Party.
Formation.
According to "The News & Observer": "The national Modern Whig Party, as it calls itself, was started in the most unlikely of locations—the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan by U.S. troops." The Modern Whig Party was organized as a grassroots movement in the beginning of 2008. The Florida Whig Party was created two years earlier with a similar goal at the state level but was not affiliated in any way. Among the national Modern Whig Party's founding members were military veterans who had served in Afghanistan and Iraq and become dissatisfied with the deep ideological divide between the Republican and Democratic parties. Other media outlets have touted the Modern Whig Party's moderate platform and its viable appeal during a time of ideological fragmentation within the Republican and Democratic parties.
Media coverage.
In the spring of 2010, "Time" magazine rated the Modern Whig Party, the U.S. Marijuana Party, the Pirate Party, the Tea Party movement, and the American Secessionists as among the "top 10 most popular alternative political movements worldwide". A Modern Whig Party press release touted the party as the "fastest-growing mainstream political movement in the nation." Other opinion columns have been highly favorable toward the party.
Political platform.
The Modern Whig Party follows a six-tenet philosophy that the party does not specifically associate with centrism. It is instead denoted as "Modern Whig philosophy" and "Methodology over Ideology" by the Modern Whigs themselves and also by others, as the movement takes stands on issues across the political spectrum.
The six tenets of the Modern Whig philosophy are:
"The Modern Whigs are a pragmatic, common sense, centrist-oriented party where rational solutions trump ideology and integrity trumps impunity."
Membership.
The grassroots movement of the Whigs has a national headquarters in Washington, D.C. and an executive committee. The Modern Whig Party claims about 20,000 members nationally, although that number is known to primarily count those who register on the party's web site. Various Modern Whig chapters, such as in California, also gather and tally members through their state registrations. The party currently has a national executive committee composed of individuals in Texas, Missouri, New York, and Georgia.
The Modern Whig Party announced its first electoral victory when one of its members, Ken Belcher, won election as Constable of Lee County, Alabama on the Democratic ticket. In its first authentic electoral test, Gene L. Baldassari sought a seat in the New Jersey Assembly, representing its Fourteenth District, in the November 2, 2009 general election. He received 738 votes, for just over 0.6 percent of the vote.
Immediately after the election of November 4, 2008, a push began to attract moderate/conservative Democrats and members of the Republican Party (GOP) who felt disenchanted with both the GOP's failings and its perception as moving further to the right.
On December 12–13, 2009, the Modern Whig Party held the first national leadership council meeting in Washington, D.C. 14 people attended (including children).
In 2010, the Modern Whig Party endorsed Jeffrey Vanke, who ran as an independent in the race for Virginia's 6th electoral district against incumbent Republican Bob Goodlatte, winning just under 13% of the vote.
On November 5, 2013, Robert Bucholz, running on the Modern Whig Party ticket, was elected as Judge of Election for the Fifth Division in Philadelphia's 56th Ward. He beat Democrat Loretta Probasco by 36 votes to 24. He is the first Whig to be elected to office in any state in between 150 and 160 years.
According to the Modern Whigs chairman, Bucholz is the party’s second elected official nationwide after J. Brendan Galligan won a school-board position in Westfield, N.J. last year.
Logo.
For its logo, the Modern Whig Party uses an owl, the symbol of the original Whig Party. As with the logos for the Democrats and the Republicans, a red, white, and blue color scheme is used, but with different meaning. Reportedly, the blue represents Democrats and the red, Republicans; the two colors are divided by a white band and four white stars. The party believes that the United States' future lies in "meeting in the middle," thus the placement of the stars in the middle of the owl.

</doc>
<doc id="18328655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328655" title="African Pilot">
African Pilot

African Pilot is a general aviation magazine published in South Africa.
The idea of starting an aviation magazine which had a completely new approach to the coverage of all aviation matters in South Africa was conceived at AirVenture at Oshkosh, in July 2001.Initially four names were reserved: African Planes -thought to be too much like the ‘wild open plains’ of Africa. African Flyer - this name was too close to the title of an existing magazine. Wings over Africa - at that time this title was owned in Namibia by another magazine and African Pilot. As soon as the branding had been established, the slogan ‘Serious about flying’ was added to the logo in order to ensure that the market clearly understood the proposed magazine was about aviation.
A publishing company, Wavelengths 10 (Pty) Ltd was established and the name African Pilot was registered as a South African Trade Mark. Much background work went into the production of the first edition launched as the December 2001/ January 2002 magazine which had a beautiful picture of an ex-South African T-6 Harvard on the cover.
During 2002, the launch year, seven African Pilot magazines were produced in relatively small numbers and the size remained at 52 pages.The magazine continued to find popularity in the busy publishing world and as advertisers came on board the quantity of printed copies increased and through 2003 the magazine’s page count grew steadily.In May 2005 the first ‘perfect bound’ edition was produced with 100 pages and the print order had increased to 7 000 copies. 
African Pilot was accepted as a fully-fledged member of the Audit Bureau of Circulations (ABC) South Africa in June 2006 and at the same time the magazine joined the Magazine Publishers’ Association of South Africa. 
As magazine sales increased and new technology became available, African Pilot’s page count increased to 116 pages, where it is today and the print order went up to 9 000 copies. However, despite the downturn in the global economy late in the previous decade, in April 2010 African Pilot became the first African aviation publication to launch a FREE full electronic version downloadable from the magazine’s website: www.africanpilot.co.za. This development resulted in the overall readership being increased considerably.
At this time African Pilot has an audited distribution in the region of 7 000 paper editions per month and 6754 registered readers, a figure that continues to grow every week, of the electronic version. 
A downloadable version of the magazine for iPad and Android devices was tested at the start of 2012 and the reading of African Pilot on such devices is now in operation – another first for aviation publishing in South Africa. This means that African Pilot is no longer purely a southern African aviation magazine, but is read all over the world by a wide variety of aviation practitioners and enthusiasts.
To complement the magazine, each Monday an African Pilot newsletter is published. This contains news, not only of South African aviation ‘happenings,’ recently past, present and future, but also covers other aviation news from around the world. The newsletter is sent by e-mail to aviation enthusiasts around South Africa and the world and is passed on over and over again.The entire circulation probably exceeds 50,000 readers worldwide.
The company’s offices are situated in Kyalami in Midrand part of the Johannesburg region. Presently the company employs nine people and has a further 15 or so freelance writers and photographers. 
Contact details: Telephone South Africa: 0861 001130, International +27 11 466 8524/6.
Website: www.africanpilot.co.za. Editor's e-mail: editor@africanpilot.co.za. 
Postal address: P.O.Box 30620, Kyalami, 1684, Republic of South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18328657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328657" title="Gâtine">
Gâtine

Gâtine may refer to one of several areas in France:

</doc>
<doc id="18328662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328662" title="Temperament and Character Inventory">
Temperament and Character Inventory

The Temperament and Character Inventory (TCI) is an inventory for personality traits devised by Cloninger et al.
It is closely related to and an outgrowth of Tridimensional Personality Questionnaire (TPQ),
and it has also been related to the dimensions of personality in Zuckerman's alternative five and Eysenck's models and those of the Five Factor Model.
TCI operates with seven dimensions of personality traits: four so-called "temperaments"
and three so-called "characters"
Each of these traits has a varying number of subscales.
The dimensions are determined from a 240-item questionnaire.
The TCI is based on a psychobiological model that attempts to explain the underlying causes of individual differences in personality traits.
Versions.
Originally developed in English, TCI has been translated to other languages, e.g., Swedish,
Japanese, Dutch, German, Polish, Korean,
Finnish, Chinese and French.
There is also a revised version "TCI-R". 
Whereas the original TCI had statements for which the subject should indicate true or false, the TCI-R has a five-point rating for each statement.
The two versions hold 189 of the 240 statements in common.
The revised version has been translated into 
Spanish,
French,
Czech,
and Italian.
The number of subscales on the different top level traits differ between TCI and TCI-R.
The subscales of the TCI-R are:
Neurobiological foundation.
TCI has been used for investigating the neurobiological foundation for personality, together with other research modalities, e.g., with molecular neuroimaging,
structural neuroimaging
and genetics.
Cloninger suggested that the three original temperaments from TPQ, novelty seeking, harm avoidance, and reward dependence, was correlated with low basal dopaminergic activity, 
high serotonergic activity, and low basal noradrenergic activity, respectively.
Many studies have used TCI for examining whether genetic variants in individual genes have an association with personality traits. Studies suggest that novelty seeking is associated with dopaminergic pathways.
Dopamine transporter DAT1 and dopamine receptor DRD4 are associated with novelty seeking.
Parkinson's patients, who are intrinsically low in dopamine, are found to have low novelty seeking scores.
Gene variants that have been investigated are, e.g., 5-HTTLPR in the serotonin transporter gene and gene variants in "XBP1".
Relationship to other personality models.
Cloninger argued that the Five Factor model does not assess domains of personality relevant to personality disorders such as autonomy, moral values, and aspects of maturity and self-actualization considered in humanistic and transpersonal psychology. Cloninger argued that these domains are captured by self-directedness, cooperativeness, and self-transcendence respectively. He also argued that personality factors defined as independent by factor analysis, such as neuroticism and introversion, may actually share underlying etiological factors.
Research has found that all of the TCI dimensions are each related substantially to at least one of the dimensions in the Five Factor Model. Harm avoidance is strongly positively associated with neuroticism and inversely associated with extraversion. Novelty seeking is most strongly associated with extraversion, although it also has a moderate positive association with openness to experience and a moderate negative association with conscientiousness. Persistence has a positive association with conscientiousness. Reward dependence is most strongly associated with extraversion, although it also has a moderate positive association with openness to experience. Cooperativeness is most strongly associated with agreeableness. Self-directedness has a strong negative association with neuroticism and a positive association with conscientiousness. Self-transcendence had a positive association with openness to experience and to a lesser extent extraversion. Relationships have also been found between the TCI dimensions and traits specific to the models of Zuckerman and Eysenck respectively. Novelty seeking is related to Impulsive sensation seeking in Zuckerman's alternative five model and to psychoticism in Eysenck's model. Zuckerman and Cloninger have contended that Harm Avoidance is a composite dimension comprising neurotic introversion at one end and stable extraversion at the other end. Persistence is related to Zuckerman's Activity scale and inversely to psychoticism. Cooperativeness is inversely related to Zuckerman's Aggression-hostility scale and to psychoticism. Self-transcendence has no equivalent in either Zuckerman or Eysenck's model as neither model recognises openness to experience.
Health and well-being.
Cloninger has argued that "psychological well-being" depends on the development of facets of the three character dimensions, such as autonomy and life purpose from self-directedness, positive relations with others from cooperativeness, and personal growth and self-actualization from self-transcendence. He has also argued that the temperament dimensions are associated with subjective well-being and to some extent with physical health. A study examining relationships between character dimensions and aspects of health and happiness found that self-directedness was strongly associated with happiness, satisfaction with life, general health, and perceived social support. Cooperativeness was associated most strongly with perceived social support and only weakly with the other well-being measures. Self-transcendence was associated with positive emotions when taking the other character traits into account, but was largely unrelated to negative emotions or the other well-being measures.

</doc>
<doc id="18328669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328669" title="Lyall Wilkes">
Lyall Wilkes

Lyall Wilkes (19 May 1914 – 28 March 1991) was an English historian, circuit judge and Labour Party politician.
Biography.
A noted barrister and later judge in the North-East of England, Wilkes was a member of 51 Westgate Road Chambers, a leading group of barristers in the area. A prolific writer, notably of biographies, his works included books on the lives of William Eden, Francis Festing and John Dobson
As a politician Wilkes won the Newcastle upon Tyne Central seat from Arthur Denville in the 1945 general election and held the seat until he left politics in 1951.
Following his death in 1991 Wilkes was buried in St. Mary Magdalene's Church Whalton.

</doc>
<doc id="18328673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328673" title="Saskatoon Riot">
Saskatoon Riot

The Saskatoon Riot were a professional baseball team that played at Cairns Field in the North Central League in 1994, in their first season their record was 32-38 under manager Ron Malcolm. The following season the team moved to the Prairie League and finished third in the Canadian division with a 26-45 record with attendance for the season at 38,711 with new manager George Scott. The next season the club would change its name to the Saskatoon Smokin' Guns.tags

</doc>
<doc id="18328710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328710" title="Brainstorm (magazine)">
Brainstorm (magazine)

Brainstorm is a monthly trade publication for the South African technology sector published by technology media house ITWeb.

</doc>
<doc id="18328714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328714" title="Maria, i Aschimi">
Maria, i Aschimi

Maria, i Aschimi (Μαρία, Η Άσχημη - Maria, The Ugly One) is the Greek adaptation of the Colombian telenovela "Betty la Fea". The series ran from 2007 to 2008 on Mega Channel in Greece. The series starred Aggeliki Daliani in the title role of Maria and Anthimos Ananiadis as the boss who became the man of her dreams.
Series background.
Mega Channel in Greece is airing its own version titled Maria, i Aschimi (Μαρία, Η Άσχημη - Maria, The Ugly One). Maria exudes intelligence, humor, and kindness, but what she is missing is conventional beauty. She considers her appearance to be an obstacle in her search for employment, despite her collection of degrees, which are displayed proudly by her parents, Kaiti and Irakles. Having no luck in her job search, Maria decides to try for a job for which she is overqualified, secretary to Alexis Mantas, the director of a noted fashion house called EcoModa. Alexis is the most coveted bachelor in Athens, but he has recently gotten engaged to Markella, who tries to get him to choose her best friend, Lilian, to be his secretary and to keep an eye on him. Lilian doesn't have Maria's natural intelligence or fine education, but she has a beautiful appearance, which makes her a better superficial fit at the fashion house.
This adaptation was originally supposed to start airing on November 1, 2006, but within two weeks of that date the show was removed from Mega Channel's schedule. Finally, it began on January 1, 2007 at 21:00 and although it was scheduled to move at 18:15 two weeks later, due to its high ratings (± 45% according to Agb Hellas and more than 2 million viewers) finally remained in the prime-time slot of the channel. On June 30 the series won the most "Beloved Series" during the 2008 TV ETHNOS Awards.
The theme song of the series "Poso S' Agapo" was written by acclaimed Greek music composer Stamatis Kraounakis.

</doc>
<doc id="18328723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328723" title="Project 1">
Project 1

Project 1 is a Filipino supergroup formed in 2008. Members include Clem Castro (formerly of Orange and Lemons, now The Camerawalls) on guitars, Francis Reyes (formerly of The Dawn) also on guitars, Carlos Calderon (Chicosci) on bass, Jazz Nicolas (Itchyworms) on drums and Uela Basco (Chilitees), Katwo Librando (Narda/Duster) and Raimund Marasigan on vocals. Their first single "Ang Sarap Dito" was used by Coca-Cola Philippines for television and radio commercials. ABS-CBN also used the track as the theme for .
According to its members, ""The new group was formed because we, as artists, feel that we wanted to create something fresh, especially for the young generation. We all believe in a common goal of being positive and changing the way young people think.""

</doc>
<doc id="18328732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328732" title="Walloon SME finance and guarantee company">
Walloon SME finance and guarantee company

The Walloon SME finance and guarantee company (French: "Société Wallonne de Financement et de Garantie des Petites et Moyennes Entreprises" or SOWALFIN) was founded by the Walloon Region in 2002 to provide capital to the Walloon Small and medium enterprises (SMEs). The purpose of the SOWALFIN is to invest in the equity of unlisted companies (private equity). The SRIW acts either by purchasing shares of SMEs, by increasing the capital of the business, by subscribing to a bond issue, or by granting subordinated or convertible loans.

</doc>
<doc id="18328734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328734" title="IWeek">
IWeek

iWeek is a weekly trade publication for the South African technology sector published by technology media house ITWeb.

</doc>
<doc id="18328761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328761" title="Daniel Martin Varisco">
Daniel Martin Varisco

Daniel Martin Varisco (born 1951 in Strongsville, Ohio), anthropologist and historian, is Professor of Anthropology at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. He has published on the history of Orientalism, the anthropology of Islam, the history of Islamic agronomy and astronomy, agriculture and water rights in Yemen, international development and the anthropology of cyberspace. Varisco has presented papers at the annual meetings of the American Anthropological Association, Middle East Studies Association and universities and international forums around the world in English and Arabic. He is the founding editor of CyberOrient, and webshaykh of the blog Tabsir.
Education and Academic History.
Varisco attended Wheaton College (Illinois), where he majored in Biblical Archaeology under the advisement of Prof. Al Hoerth. At the University of Pennsylvania he obtained his Ph.D. (1982) "The Adaptive Dynamics of Water Allocation in al-Ahjur, Yemen Arab Republic," the result of ethnographic fieldwork during 1978-79 in a central highland valley of the Yemen Arab Republic on the ecology of irrigation and water resource use. He also received an M.A. (1975) in Anthropology on the topic of "Archaeology as Apologetic: Towards an Understanding of the Fundamentalist Paradigm." In 1990-91 he was Visiting Assistant Professor in Anthropology at SUNY Stony Brook. He began his career at Hofstra University in 1991, becoming Chair of Anthropology in 2003 and Professor of Anthropology in 2004. In 2003 he became director of Hofstra's Middle Eastern and Central Asian Program. He has served on the boards of the American Institute for Yemeni Studies and the American Academic Research Institute in Iraq, also serving as President of the Middle East Section of the American Anthropological Association (2002–2004). Varisco is the recipient of the NDFL for Arabic, as well as grants from the American Research Center in Egypt, NEH and Fulbright fellowships. He has been editor of "Yemen Update" (1991–2001), "CyberOrient" (2006–present) and co-editor of "Contemporary Islam" (2006–present).
Research.
Yemen.
Varisco arrived in Yemen in early 1978 to begin 18 months of ethnographic and ecological research in the highland valley of al-Ahjur along with fellow anthropologist and wife, Najwa Adra. The focus of his field research was on local water rights in the springfed irrigation system in relation to the local environmental constraints and principles of Islamic water law. In the field he became particularly interested in the history of Yemen's agriculture, especially after reading a 14th-century copy of a treatise on Rasulid Yemen agriculture by al-Malik al-Afdal al-'Abbas. After finishing his thesis and returning several times to Yemen as a development consultant, his work with Prof. David A. King on an NEH-sponsored project on Islamic Folk Astronomy took him back to Yemen to work on the 13th century almanac of al-Malik al-Ashraf 'Umar, which he edited and translated in 1994. Involved with the American Institute for Yemeni Studies since its inception in 1977, Varisco has spoken at the institute on a number of research topics, as well as lectures in Arabic at Sanaa University, the Yemen Center for Research and Studies and Yemen's Ministry of Agriculture. In addition to his field research and examination of Yemeni agricultural texts, he has published on the social history of "qât" and coffee in Yemen, the tribal concept, the rhino horn issue, folk literature, land use, folk astronomy, indigenous plant protection methods, sailing seasons out of Aden, and the ethnography of Yemen. In addition to editing "Yemen Update", he maintains "Yemen Webdate" as an online archive. With historian G. Rex Smith, he published a facsimile edition of "The Manuscript of al-Malik al-Afdal: al-'Abbâs b. 'Alî Dâwud b. Yûsuf b. 'Umar b. 'Alî Ibn Rasûl (d. 778/1377): A Medieval Arabic Anthology from the Yemen" (1998) for the Gibb Memorial Trust.
Islamic Sciences.
Varisco has conducted manuscript research in Egypt's Dar al-Kutub, Sanaa's Great Mosque Western Library, Istanbul's Topkapi Ahmet III Library and Süleymaniye Library and Qatar's National Library on the history of Islamic agriculture, almanacs, astronomy, astrology and medicine. Based on primary research in Cairo, he published "The Origin of the Anwa' in Arab Tradition" in "Studia Islamica" (74:5-28, 1991), presenting the theory that the origin of the lunar station ("manazil al-qamar") concept in Arab tradition was an Islamic mixing of the zodiacal grid from India with indigenous pre-Islamic Arab folk calendars and that the system of 28 distinct markers did not exist in Arabia prior to Islam, despite the claims of later Muslim scholars. The bulk of Varisco's textual analysis has been on agricultural texts and almanacs, especially for Yemen. He is currently preparing a major history of Yemen's agriculture to be called "Arabia Viridis", which will include an extensive lexicon of Yemeni agricultural terms.
Anthropology of Islam.
Varisco's "Islam Obscured: The Rhetoric of Anthropological Representation" (2005) builds on the earlier work of Abdel Hamid El-Zein and Talal Asad in addressing the issue of what defines an anthropology of Islam. This is an extended critical assessment of four seminal studies: Clifford Geertz (1968) "Islam Observed"; Ernest Gellner (1981) "Muslim Society"; Fatema Mernissi (1987/1975) "Beyond the Veil"; Akbar Ahmed (1988) "Discovering Islam". The book examines "Islam Observed" in the light criticism of Geertz’s approach to the anthropology of religion as a cultural system. It is argued that Geertz reflects philosophical reflections on Islam rather than his ethnographic observation of Muslims in Indonesia and Morocco. Gellner’s use of Hume, Weber and Ibn Khaldun to explain the development of Islam is addressed by going back to these original sources. Varisco states that the authority of Gellner and Geertz as ethnographers who have “been there” supersedes incorporation of ethnographic data about real Muslims. Mernissi’s" Beyond the Veil" is compared with early Orientalist and Arabic texts by tracing how each discusses the case of Muhammad’s marriage to his adopted son’s wife, Zaynab, a popular trope in Christian apologetic criticism of Islam in the medieval period. Like Geertz and Gellner, Mernissi is said to contribute to an essentialized ideal of Islam in which homogenized generalities substitute for the diverse behavior of Muslims in specific localities. Varisco address the problematic of the faith-based anthropology of Akbar Ahmed, specifically his concept of an "Islamic" anthropology. The book's epilogue builds on what anthropologists have learned in the past half century by observing Muslims; following the textual critique this is offered as a prolegomenon to future anthropological study within Islamic contexts and more effective sharing of ethnographic analysis with scholars outside the discipline. In addition, Varisco has argued that the term "medieval" should never be used in reference to Islam ("Medieval Encounters," 2007) and that the term "Islamism" should be avoided as a successor to "Islamic fundamentalism" or "Political Islam" (in a forthcoming volume edited by Richard Martin).
Middle East Ethnography.
Varisco has published the results of his own ethnographic observations in Yemen and reviewed many of the published ethnographies on Yemen. In his "Reflections on Fieldwork in Yemen: The Genealogy of a Diary in Response to Rabinow's Reflections on Fieldwork in Morocco," ("Anthropology of the Middle East, "2006) he compares and contrasts his personal field diary, written in 1978-79, with Paul Rabinow's "Reflections on Fieldwork in Morocco" (1977). The underlying question is what post-fieldwork reflections reflect meaningfully about the immediacy of ethnographic fieldwork. Point by point, Varisco examines the implications of graduate training in anthropology, culture shock, health problems, language skills and the rhetoric of narrative writing.
Orientalism.
In "Reading Orientalism: Said and the Unsaid "(2007) Varisco presents an in-depth, critical analysis of Edward Said’s seminal polemic "Orientalism "(1978), examining his rhetoric of persuasion as well as the credibility and accuracy of historical claims made in representing Orientalism as a Western discourse. The research for this study includes a comprehensive search for all the major reviews of "Orientalism" and relevant commentaries in journal articles, books and edited volumes. The bibliography contains more than 600 references, all but a handful of which were personally examined by the author. Drawing on this extensive discussion of "Orientalism", he develops a synthesis of the critical arguments pro and contra Said’s argument and style. The points made in "Orientalism" are contextualized with earlier and later texts written by Said, as well as his many published interviews. . Varisco provides a critical analysis of Said's borrowing of the culture concept from Matthew Arnold and his lack of engagement with the variety of culture concepts current in anthropology since Edward Tylor in his "Reading Against Culture in Edward Said's "Culture and Imperialism"" ("Culture, Theory and Critique", 2004).
Internet and CyberOrient.
In 2006 Varisco launched "CyberOrient", an online journal devoted to representation of Islam and the Middle East in cyberspace and the impact of the Internet. This is sponsored by the Middle East Section of the American Anthropological Association. In 2002 he published "September 11: Participant Webservation of the 'War on Terrorism,'" ("American Anthropologist", 2002), which provides analysis of the coverage of 9/11 on the Internet, including “participant webservation” of online video games involving Osama Bin Laden. In "Virtual Dasein: Ethnography in Cyberspace" ("CyberOrient, "2007) Varisco suggests that one way of approaching the ethnography of cyberspace is to treat it as virtual Dasein, in which the issue becomes being there in something-like-a-world yet still being in the world. Ethnographers now need to consider the impact of the Internet on the people they study, even in the remotest villages. Their involvement with the Internet demands a reflexivity that goes beyond musing over the mutant prospect of becoming cyborgs to assessing an evolving recombination of humans, technology and information.
Experience in International Development.
Since 1981, Varisco has participated in development projects as a consultant in Yemen (18 assignments), Egypt, Guatemala, and the Dominican Republic, serving as a Team Leader on several projects. The range of issues covered in these assignments include: Agricultural Sector Analysis, Biodiversity and Environmental Impact Assessment, Community Participation, Evaluation, Household Survey, Integrated Pest Management, Irrigation, Participant Training, Participatory Rural Assessment, Project Design, Resettlement issues, Scoping, Social Soundness Analysis, Sustainable Livelihoods Analysis, and Water Supply and Sanitation.
Tabsir: Insight on Islam and the Middle East.
This academic blog, created by Varisco in 2006, includes a dozen scholars concerned about stereotypes, misinformation and propaganda spread in the media and academic forums on Islam and the Middle East. The scholars involved are committed to fair, open-ended scholarly assessment of the current political issues of terrorism, gender inequality and intolerance. They also believe in active involvement as public intellectuals communicating the best of available research. The current writers include Jon Anderson, Magnus Bernhardsson, miriam cooke, El Sayed El Aswad, George el-Hage, McGuire Gibson, Amir Hussain, Bruce Lawrence, Ronald Lukens-Bull, Gabriele Marranci, Gregory Starrett and Daniel Martin Varisco.
Select bibliography.
For the full academic cv of books, articles and more than 125 book reviews, click here."Books: 2007 "Reading Orientalism: Said and the Unsaid". Seattle: University of Washington Press. 2005 "Islam Obscured: The Rhetoric of Anthropological Representation." Society for the Anthropology of Religion Series. New York: Palgrave. 1997 "Medieval Folk Astronomy and Agriculture in Arabia and the Yemen. "Variorum Collected Studies. Hampshire, England: Ashgate Publishing Limited. 1994 "Medieval Agriculture and Islamic Science. The Almanac of a Yemeni Sultan." Seattle: University of Washington Press.
Selected Articles.
2007 Making "Medieval" Islam Meaningful. "Medieval Encounters "13(3):385-412. 2007 The Tragedy of a Comic: Fundamentalists Crusading against Fundamentalists. "Contemporary Islam" 1(3):207-230. 2007 Turning Over a New Leaf: The Impact of "Qât "("Catha edulis") in Yemeni Horticulture. In Michel Conan and W. John Kress, editors, "Botanical Progress, Horticultural Innovations and Cultural Changes", 239-256. Washington, D.C.: Dumbarton Oaks Research Library and Collection. 2007 Virtual Dasein: Ethnography in Cyberspace. "CyberOrient "Vol. 2, #1. 2006 Reflections on Fieldwork in Yemen: The Genealogy of a Diary in Response to Rabinow's Reflections on Fieldwork in Morocco." Anthropology of the Middle East" 1(2):35-62). 2004 The Elixer of Life or the Devil's Cud: The Debate over "Qat" ("Catha edulis") in Yemeni Culture. In Ross Coomber and Nigel South, editors, "Drug Use and Cultural Context: Tradition, Change and Intoxicants beyond 'The West' ", 101-118. London: Free Association Books. 2004 Reading Against Culture in Edward Said's Culture and Imperialism." Culture, Theory and Critique" 45(2):93-112. 2004 Terminology for Plough Cultivation in Yemeni Arabic. "Journal for Semitic Studies "49(1):71-129. 2002 September 11: Participant Webservation of the "War on Terrorism." "American Anthropologist" 104(3):934-938. 2002 The Archaeologist's Spade and the Apologist's Stacked Deck: The Near East through Conservative Christian Bibliolatry. In Abbas Amanat and Magnus T. Bernhardsson, editors, "The United States & the Middle East: Cultural Encounters", 57-116. New Haven: The Yale Center for International and Area Studies. 2000 Islamic Folk Astronomy, In "The History of Non-Western Astronomy. Astronomy Across Cultures", pp. 615–650. Edited by Helaine Selin. Dordrecht: Kluwer Academic Publishers. 2000 Yemen Geographicalized article. "Yemen Update" 42:63-67. 1998 TAKWIM. 2. Agricultural almanacs, "The Encyclopaedia of Islam" (second edition), 9:146-148. 1997 Why a Peach is not a Plum . . . An Author Responds to a Review That's the Pits. "Yemen Update" 39:42-45. 1996 Water Sources and Traditional Irrigation in Yemen. "New Arabian Studies" 3:238-257. 1995 The Tribal Paradigm and the Genealogy of Muhammad." Anthropological Quarterly" 68(3):139- 156. 1995 Indigenous Plant Protection Methods in Yemen. "GeoJournal "37(1):27-38. 1995 The Astrological Significance of the Lunar Stations in the 13th Century Rasulid Text of al-Malik al-Ashraf, "Quaderni di Studi Arabi" 13:19-40. 1994-5 The Prophet's Medicine: Part 1, "The World & I", 9(12):262-271, December; Part 2 published in 10/1:263-271, January. 1993 The Agricultural Marker Stars in Yemeni Folklore. "Asian Folklore Studies" 52:119-142. 1993 Texts and Pretexts: The Unity of the Rasulid State in the Reign of al-Malik al-Muzaffar, "Revue du Monde Musulman et de la Méditerranée" 67(1):13-21. 1991 The Future of Terrace Farming in North Yemen: A Development Dilemma. "Agriculture and Human Values "(Gainesville, FL) 8(1&2):166-172. 1991 A Royal Crop Register from Rasulid Yemen, "Journal of the Economic and Social History of the Orient "34:1-22. 1991 The Origin of the "Anwâ"' in Arab Tradition. "Studia Islamica" 74:5-28. 1989 The Anwâ' Stars According to Abû Ishâq al-Zajjâj. "Zeitschrift für Geschichte der Arabisch-Islamischen Wissenschaften" 5:145-166. 1989 Beyond Rhino Horn—Wildlife Conservation for North Yemen. "Oryx" 23(4):215-219. 1989 From Rhino Horns to Dagger Handles." Animal Kingdom" (NY), May/June 92(3):44-49. 1989 Al-Hisâb al-zirâ'î fî urjuzat Hasan al-'Affârî. Dirâsat fî al-taqwîm al-zirâ'î al-Yamanî." al- Ma'thûrât al-Sha'biyya" 16:7-29. 1989 Land Use and Agricultural Development in the Yemen Arab Republic. In "Anthropology and Development in North Africa and the Middle East", M. Salem Murdock and M. Horowitz, editors, pp. 292–311. Boulder: Westview Press. 1988 Folk Tales from South Arabia. Tales from South Arabia, The World & I 3(7):503-509, July. "The World & I" 3(7):503-509, July. 1988 Rhinoceros Horn is also the Animal's Achilles' Heel. "The Christian Science Monitor "(June 28):19-20. 1987 The Rain Periods in Pre-Islamic Arabia. "Arabica "34:251-266. 1987 The Segment-Dairy Lineage System of the Yort Nomads, "MERA Forum" (Berkeley)10(1):12-14. 1986 On the Meaning of Chewing: The Significance of "Qât" ("Catha edulis") in the Yemen Arab Republic. "Int. Journal of Middle East Studies" 18/1:1-13. 1986 The Meaning of Chewing. "Harper's" (NY) 273:1639:27-28. 1985 The Production of Sorghum ("Dhurah") in Highland Yemen. "Arabian Studies" 7:53-88. 1985 Al-Tawqî'ât fî taqwîm al-zirâ'a al-majhûl min 'asr mulûk Banî Rasûl. "Dirâsât Yamaniyya" (Sanaa, YAR) 20:192-222. 1984 Affluence and the Concept of the Tribe in the Central Highlands of the Yemen Arab Republic. In "Affluence and Cultural Survival", R. Salisbury and E. Tooker, editors, pp. 134–149. Washington, DC: American Ethnological Society. Najwa Adra 1983 Sayl and Ghayl: The Ecology of Water Allocation in Yemen. "Human Ecology" (NY) 11:365-383. 1982 The Ard in Highland Yemeni Agriculture. "Tools and Tillage "(Copenhagen) 4(3):158-172. 1982 The Recent Evolution of "Scientific Creationism." In "Confronting the Creationists", S. Pastner and W. Haviland, editors,12-26. Northeastern Anthropological Association Occasional Proceedings, 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18328764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328764" title="Reserva Itabó">
Reserva Itabó

The Itabo Biological Reserve is located in the district of Hernandarias, Alto Paraná Department, Paraguay, on the right bank of the river Paraná, and is one of the 8 as sites for ecological reserve by the Itaipu dam, the largest dam in production in the world, located between Paraguay and Brazil. It is located at 80 km north of the city of Hernandarias. Their access routes are the backbone 1 and 2. It has an area of 15,208.
Geography.
It has a slightly undulating topography. The river Itabo Reserve crosses from west to east with their two arms, Itabo North and South and some tributaries.
Its boundaries are: north to the Cologne Gral. Diaz, south establishing livestock Loma Porá, the Cologne to the east and west Pikyry Colonies Gleba 2 and Gleba 3.
The soils of the biological reserve Itabo, are derived from basaltic rocks. They are classified as laterite and latozoles, have reddish brown colour, texture of silt and clay are usually good depth.
Climate.
Its climate is subtropical, with abundant and well distributed rainfall, ranging from 1500 to 1700 mm annually. The average annual temperature is 21 to 22 °C, having a marked difference in daytime and nighttime temperature in winter. The relative humidity is 70 to 80% and the prevailing winds are from the northeast and southeast.
Animals and plants.
The high forests are the kind of dominant vegetation of the area found a minimum amount of lowland forests, pastures and fallow implanted. There is abundant presence of forest species such as: lapacho, ybyrá pytá, cedar, cancharana, petereby, guatambú, peroba incense, curupay, ybyraró, among others. In the lower strata plants are species of the family Myrtaceae, as ñangapiry, Guava, yva poroitý, and so on.
The tapestry has countless herbaceous species of the family bromeliads, as well as tree ferns.
We have classified 40 species of mammals, 250 bird species and 20 species of reptiles.
Stress for its abundance: taitetú, mboreví, guazú, spirits' i, akuti sa'yjú, coati among other listed species.
Among the birds we can cite the heron boyer, Hoke guazú, mbiguá, duck Braga, osprey, yryvú ruvichá, tingazú.
Among the reptiles were observed yarara, coral, lies.
Area subdivision.
According to latest techniques of management of protected areas, the biological reserve of Itabo is divided into distinct zones in order to handle them properly.
The reserve has a panoramic viewpoint, which can be seen most of the wooded area, as well as the vast body of water formed by the dam. The combined resources of vegetation, topography and water give it a priceless

</doc>
<doc id="18328765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328765" title="Joseph Thomin">
Joseph Thomin

Joseph Thomin (Ploudaniel, 30 June 1931) was a French professional road bicycle racer, who won one stage in the 1956 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18328767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328767" title="The Charitable Corporation v Sutton">
The Charitable Corporation v Sutton

The Charitable Corporation v Sutton (1742) 26 ER 642 is an important old English law case which holds in substance that a director of a company owes duties to the company in the same measure and quality as does a trustee to a trust. It makes the point that judges should not be quick to judge decisions of directors with hindsight.
Facts.
The Charitable Corporation was a company set up by Royal Charter, to give loans of money to poor people, to prevent them falling into the hands of pawnbrokers. The directors (or committee-men as they were called at the time) were accused of failing to properly monitor the procedures for loans by the corporation. It had suffered a loss of around £350,000. A warehouse keeper was responsible for giving unsecured loans to fellow directors. Only five directors were actively involved in the corporation's affairs. It was alleged that the failure of the remaining forty five directors were guilty of gross negligence.
Judgment.
Lord Hardwicke held that because the directors are agents of the people who grant them power to manage the corporation's affairs they are liable for any negligent acts or omissions. He held that the five who were engaged in taking money were liable to make good all losses, and that the remaining forty-five were liable to make up any shortfall. His judgment read as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18328784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328784" title="Digital Life (magazine)">
Digital Life (magazine)

Digital Life (previously Unwired) is a monthly technology magazine aimed at South African consumers published by technology media house ITWeb.

</doc>
<doc id="18328785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328785" title="Borg Buss">
Borg Buss

Borg Buss is a bus company that operates in Fredrikstad, Sarpsborg and Hvaler, Norway. The company is owned 100% by Nettbuss .

</doc>
<doc id="18328793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328793" title="Saskatoon Smokin' Guns">
Saskatoon Smokin' Guns

The Saskatoon Smokin' Guns, formerly known as the Saskatoon Riot, were a baseball team based out of the Prairie League in 1996. The first half of the inaugural season saw the Guns' challenge for the division league but their first season under the new name they finished in 7th place with a 30-47 record. Attendance for the season was 22,991. Their player-manager was Andre Johnson, formerly with the Atlanta Braves and Chicago Cubs organizations.
Notable players included World Series champion outfielder Curt Ford (St. Louis Cardinals, Florida Marlins); RHP Jess Gonzales led the team in innings pitched (136), OF and former Chicago Cubs prospect Wayne Weinheimer (1969 - 2008), who led the team in batting average (.355) and home runs (11), and LHP Tim Oakes, who led the team in winning percentage (.800) and overall record (4-1).
Once again the team would change names to the Saskatoon Stallions who would also play out of Cairns Field.
The name was resurrected by a Junior AAA team; however there is no affiliation between the defunct pro team and the junior team.

</doc>
<doc id="18328802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328802" title="Kfar Galim">
Kfar Galim

Kfar Galim (, "lit." Waves Village) is a boarding school and youth village in northern Israel. Located near Tirat Carmel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaCarmel Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 288.
The school was established in 1952 as a partnership between the Haifa municipal council and the Ministry of Immigrant Absorption.
Kfar Galim runs a middle school, a high school, an engineering college and a farm. It also has dormitory facilities.
High school.
Kfar Galim accepts students in 7th to 12th grade. It offers majors in biology and environmental sciences, communication and society (radio and television) and physical education. It also runs an electronic and computer engineering technology program in collaboration with the Israel Air Force (13th and 14th grades). Graduates of this program are awarded a Practical Engineering degree and can do their military service in the air force.
Boarding school.
The boarding school has an enrollment of 170 students from all over the country. Many are new immigrants or children of Russian and Ethiopian immigrants. Admission is also open to Israeli teenagers.
Archaeology.
Archaeological excavations in the region of Kfar Galim found evidence of an ancient olive oil industry. Thousands of olive pits and waste from processing the olives were discovered there, attesting to the existence of one of the earliest known Neolithic agro-pastoral-fishing subsistence systems on the Levantine coast.

</doc>
<doc id="18328807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328807" title="Amazing Grace (1974 film)">
Amazing Grace (1974 film)

Amazing Grace is a 1974 light-hearted comedy featuring comedian Moms Mabley, playing the title role of Grace Teasdale Grimes. Grace is a widow who influences the local mayoral election in Baltimore, Maryland after she discovers her somewhat slow-witted neighbor is being used to run for mayor by shady politicians and the incumbent mayor to further his own self-serving reelection efforts. 
Grace knows the politicians have no interest in the betterment of the neighborhood and are only interested in getting their hands on the money that comes into it. She organizes some of the people in the community and together they devise a plan to thwart the crooked politician’s schemes.
Mabley appeared in the film, along with veteran actors Butterfly McQueen and Stepin Fetchit a year before her death at the age of 81. 
The film is not associated with the popular Christian hymn Amazing Grace (words by John Newton), but is a play based on Mabley's character, who happens to be named Grace. It is available on home video through Amazon.com[http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=Amazing%20Grace%20%281974%20film%] 

</doc>
<doc id="18328809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328809" title="Alfred Denville">
Alfred Denville

Alfred Arthur Hinchcliffe Denville (27 January 1876-23 March 1955) was an English actor, theatre impresario and Conservative Party politician.
Denville, an actor by trade, ran one of the UK's leading repertory companies. In 1924 Denville founded Denville Hall, a retirement home for actors in Northwood, London that is still in operation.
As a politician Denville was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Newcastle upon Tyne Central seat from Sir Charles Trevelyan in the 1931 general election and held the seat until he was defeated in 1945. For a time he was associated with the far right of the Conservative Party, and during the 1930s was a leading member of the Friends of National Spain, which stressed support for Francisco Franco and anti-communism. He had also declared himself to be an admirer of Benito Mussolini although, in keeping with a number of contemporary Tories who admired the southern European fascists, he was critical of Adolf Hitler.

</doc>
<doc id="18328821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328821" title="Morgan Park Raceway">
Morgan Park Raceway

Morgan Park Raceway is a motorsports complex located at Old Stanthorpe Road near Warwick, in Queensland, Australia and is operated by the Warwick District Sporting Car Club Inc. The venue features a race circuit with five different layouts. 
The initial 730 metre race circuit was constructed in 1968 and the first race meeting was staged in March of the following year. The circuit was bitumen sealed in 1997 and an extension to 1.2 km was subsequently undertaken. A further extension to 2.1 km was completed in 2002 and the venue hosted its first Queensland Motor Racing Championships round the same year. In 2007 it hosted its first national championship races, the Formula Vee Nationals and the Australian Improved Production Nationals.
The new 3.0 kilometre layout was first used on the weekend of 14/15 August 2010 for a round of the Shannons Nationals Motor Racing Championships. This meeting featured a round of Australia's oldest motor racing championship, the Australian Drivers' Championship, which was visiting Morgan Park for the first time.
The raceway features sprint events, WDSCC Southern Downs Challenge and Queensland Super Sprint Championships, as well as being the home of the Queensland state championships for motor racing The circuit is also home to Queensland's biggest historic motor racing festival held in July or August, hosted by the Historic Racing Car Club of Queensland.
Available circuits.
Not shown:
Existing circuits have only temporary names with permanent names chosen by fans.

</doc>
<doc id="18328825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328825" title="2008 Budapest Grand Prix – Doubles">
2008 Budapest Grand Prix – Doubles

Ágnes Szávay and Vladimíra Uhlířová were the defending champions, but chose not to participate.
Alizé Cornet and Janette Husárová won the tournament, defeating Vanessa Henke and Raluca Olaru in the final, 6–7(5–7), 6–1, [10–6].

</doc>
<doc id="18328830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328830" title="People detained by the International Criminal Court">
People detained by the International Criminal Court

People detained by the International Criminal Court (ICC) are held in the ICC's detention centre, which is located within a Dutch prison in Scheveningen, The Hague. The ICC was established in 2002 as a permanent tribunal to prosecute individuals for genocide, crimes against humanity, war crimes, and the crime of aggression. As of January 2012, it has issued public arrest warrants for 18 individuals, five of whom are currently in custody of the court. A sixth individual was released after the confirmation of charges against him was declined.
The ICC detention centre is for holding people who have been charged with crimes, not for imprisoning convicted criminals. As such, all detainees are considered innocent until their guilt has been proven. Upon conviction by the ICC, criminals are transferred outside the Netherlands to serve their sentences.
Detention centre.
The ICC currently has twelve detention cells in a Dutch prison in Scheveningen, The Hague. Suspects held by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia are held in the same prison and share some facilities, like the fitness room, but have no contact with suspects held by the ICC.
The ICC registrar is responsible for managing the detention centre. The rules governing detainment are contained in Chapter 6 of the "Regulations of the Court" and Chapter 5 of the "Regulations of the Registry". The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) has unrestricted access to the detention centre.
Facilities.
Each individual has his own toilet and washing area. Each has access to a small gym and is offered training with a physical education instructor.
Detainees are provided with meals, but they may also cook for themselves, purchase food from the prison shop, and have ingredients ordered in. However, Charles Taylor's lawyers have complained that "the food which is served is completely eurocentric and not palatable to the African palate".
Each detainee has a personal computer in his cell, on which he can view material related to his case. They are offered computer training, if required, and language courses.
Detainees' rights.
Detainees are allowed to communicate in private with their defence teams and diplomatic representatives of their countries of origin. They are permitted visits from family members, wives and partners, and spiritual advisors.
List of detainees.
The following table lists all the people who have been held at the ICC detention centre since it was established in 2006. The first person ever detained by the court was Thomas Lubanga, who arrived at the detention centre on March 17, 2006.
As of December 2013, the detention centre houses eight suspects. Three former detainings have been released or transferred, including Charles Taylor, who was tried in the Special Court for Sierra Leone. His trial was held at the ICC's facilities in The Hague because of political and security concerns about holding the trial in Freetown.

</doc>
<doc id="18328833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328833" title="Miguel Bover">
Miguel Bover

Miguel Bover Pons (Palma de Mallorca, 14 February 1928 — Palma de Mallorca, 25 January 1966) was a Spanish professional road bicycle racer. Miguel Bover Pons was the son of 1920 Spanish road race champion Miguel Bover Salom.

</doc>
<doc id="18328851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328851" title="Sino Group">
Sino Group

Sino Group () is one of the largest property companies in Hong Kong. The Group comprises private holding companies owned by the Ng family, and three publicly listed companies: 
Sino Group's core business is developing residential, office, industrial and retail properties for sale and investment purposes. It also invests in hotel development, as well as hotel and club management.
Sino Group has around 9,000 employees in July 2009. It also has a significant presence in Singapore; Its sister company Far East Organization, is Singapore's largest private property developer. More than 700 properties are built by Far East in Singapore. 
Yeo Hiap Seng, another sister company, specializes in the food and beverage business in Asia. Yeo Hiap Seng also has real estate development interests in Singapore and elsewhere.
History.
Sino Group was founded in the 1970s. Tsim Sha Tsui Properties Limited, a holding company of Sino Land Company Limited, was publicly listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1972.
Sino Land Company Limited was publicly listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1981. In 1995, it became a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Index.
In 1995, Sino Land Company Limited spun off its hospitality business interests to create the publicly listed Sino Hotels (Holdings) Limited in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Corporate Social Responsibility.
Sino Group actively involves in various voluntary services, community programmes, fund-raising and green activities as well as art and culture events.
Apart from providing manpower and cash donations, Sino Group would offer free venues at its properties.
Sino Group's good corporate citizenship is also widely recognised by the public and industry. The Group has been awarded the Caring Company Logo by the Hong Kong Council of Social Service for five consecutive years since 2003. 
For art and culture contribution, Sino Group's 'Art in Hong Kong' programme received the 'Award for Arts Sponsorship 2008' for the second consecutive year and the 'Award for Arts Promotion 2008' from The Hong Kong Arts Development Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="18328853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328853" title="Sam Roddick">
Sam Roddick

Samantha "Sam" Roddick (born 1 July 1971) is the founder of "Coco de Mer" a British 'erotic emporium' dedicated to the celebration of sexual pleasure, empowerment, dignity and discovery. She is the daughter of Body Shop founder and activist Anita Roddick. Sam Roddick is regarded as having spearheaded the transformation of the sexual retail environment and has a background in radical activism, having worked on campaigns on pornography, feminism, exploitation, human rights and raunch culture.
Early life and education.
She is the younger daughter of Anita and Gordon Roddick. She was educated at Summerlea Primary School and then at Frensham Heights in Surrey until she was asked to leave. She gained only two O-Levels which is believed to have been due to undiagnosed dyslexia. On leaving Frensham, the mother of schoolmate Adae Amats suggested she work with her in Nepal where her activism began.
Coco de Mer.
In December 2001, Roddick opened Coco de Mer in Covent Garden’s Monmouth Street with an evening hosted by Dave Stewart, and a fly-poster campaign by Saatchi and Saatchi depicting ordinary people in the throes of orgasm.
Coco de Mer’s claims its products are made in consideration of the environment and human rights. Coco de Mer’s policy is to invest in the work of local talent, fair trade groups and cottage industries creating eclectic, edgy and spectacular ranges. As well as stocking a many designer brands, Coco De Mer also sells a range of own-brand products.
Roddick is committed to enabling individuals to use sex as a positive instrument to improve and transform their lives through, which Coco de Mer achieves not only through its shops in London, Los Angeles and New York, its website, but also through educational seminars and salons, interactive programmes and social events.
Coco de Mer supports grassroots charity and political activism through its non-profit branch Bondage for Freedom focussing on social and sexual issues working with a network of creatives and not for profit organisations.
The Coco de Mer is a palm seed from the Seychelles, and the largest seed in the world. The seed is said to resemble a woman’s buttocks.
Early activism.
Roddick's early activism included talks, fundraisers and projects worldwide. She has given talks around North America on saving the rainforests, helped establish a Romanian orphanage project, worked on alternative economic systems for a Canadian International Development Agency and lectured at the Canadian-Brazilian Chamber of Commerce. In addition, she set up Cockroach youth magazine, raised funds and taught art at a Vancouver school.
Bondage For Freedom.
Bondage for Freedom Founded in 2008, a collective it focuses on providing a free creative service for organizations fighting for human and environmental rights. It works on a number of projects with partner organisations creating campaigns, films, art and protests to raise awareness for a number of projects currently including rape and sexual violence in the DRC, sex slavery and trafficking, teenage sexual pressure and abuse and the plight of the honey bee.
Television.
Roddick is an advisor on "The Joy of Teen Sex". She also features as a speaker on the Institute of Art and Ideas online television channel.

</doc>
<doc id="18328862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328862" title="ITWeb">
ITWeb

ITWeb is a South African media house and the publishers of the Brainstorm, iWeek and Digital Life magazines.
A vital resource for South African IT decision-makers, ITWeb delivers news and information through diverse content platforms, including online, e-newsletters, print and events.
ITWeb is recognised as South Africa's technology news and information leader.
Since its inception in 1996, ITWeb has grown from a small online pioneer to a technology-focused publishing house that dominates its sector.
ITWeb operates a daily technology news portal, publishes two print titles and a series of annual handbooks, hosts conferences and forums, and owns related businesses within the information technology space. It is recognised as the most trusted voice in South African IT publishing and is the first port of call for an audience that ranges from technology professionals to CEOs.
To its customers, advertisers and sponsors, ITWeb offers various platforms to reach all the major players in the information and communications technology industry, non-consumer buyers of such technologies and tens of thousands of business decision-makers.
TWeb employs over 100 people in offices in Johannesburg and Cape Town.
External links

</doc>
<doc id="18328867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328867" title="Joan Woodberry">
Joan Woodberry

Doctor Joan Merle Woodberry AM (born Narrabri, New South Wales - died 31 January 2010) was an Australian author and teacher. She was made a member of the Order of Australia in 1981 for services to literature and education, and was awarded an Honorary Doctorate from the University of Tasmania in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18328874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328874" title="Cecil J. Wray">
Cecil J. Wray

Cecil James Wray (1867–1955) was a New Zealand sports administrator, resident in England from 1913. He represented New Zealand on the International Olympic Committee from 1931 to 1934, and was on the Rugby Football Union in England for 25 years. 
He was born in Patea and attended Wanganui Collegiate School 1883-86. He was a rower, cricketer and rugby player. 
After working as a bank clerk he qualified as a lawyer. He practiced as a lawyer in Wanganui, and was on the Wanganui Borough Council until he moved to England. During World War I he entertained New Zealand soldiers on leave in England. He died in Bournemouth. 
He assisted William Pember Reeves in writing and revising "The Long White Cloud" (1898), a history of New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="18328889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328889" title="York Hill">
York Hill

York Hill, near Shenandoah Junction, West Virginia is a historic property listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The original log portion of the house was built in the late 1760s by Colonel James Hendricks on a tract previously conveyed by Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron to Samuel Darke in 1754. From 1796 to 1939 the property was owned by the Snyder family. A limestone addition to the house and other buildings were built between 1802 and 1825, including an 1812 bank barn. 

</doc>
<doc id="18328905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328905" title="Kohte">
Kohte

The Kohte (usual English paraphrase: "German black tent") is the typical tent of German Scouting and the German Youth Movement. 
It has several unusual features, including its distinctive black colour - and the fact that it's designed to allow a central fire.
History.
It was developed about 1930 by Eberhard Koebel as a variation of the Sami lavvu and became very quickly popular within the Bündische Jugend. In 1935, its use was banned throughout Germany by Hitler Youth official Arthur Axmann; groups still using it were considered "cultural bolshevists" and prosecuted. 
After World War II, the Kohte was reintroduced in German Scouting and became the most used type of tent in German Scouting. 
Construction.
There are several distinctive features of the kohte:

</doc>
<doc id="18328922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328922" title="Ingenic Semiconductor">
Ingenic Semiconductor

Ingenic Semiconductor is a fabless semiconductor company based in Beijing, Peoples Republic of China founded in 2005. They purchased licenses for the MIPS architecture instruction sets in 2009 and design CPU-microarchitectures based on them. They also design system on a chip products including their CPUs and licensed semiconductor intellectual property blocks from third parties, such as Vivante Corporation, commission the fabrication of integrated circuits at semiconductor fabrication plants and sell them. 
XBurst microarchitecture.
The XBurst CPU microarchitecture is based upon the MIPS32 revision 1 respectively the MIPS32 revision 2 instruction set and implements a 8-stage pipeline. XBurst CPU technology consists of 2 parts:
XBurst2 microarchitecture.
Ingenic Semiconductor purchased a MIPS64 instruction set license and designed a microarchitecture based on it: XBurst2.
XBurst2 is a dual-issuse/dual-threaded CPU design. Its development "will basically be completed" in the first half of 2014 as announced at Summer 2013.
XBurst1-based SoCs.
SoCs incorporating the XBurst microarchitecture:
Adoption.
XBurst1-based SoCs are commonly used in tablet computers, portable media players, digital photo frames and GPS devices:
The JZ4730 CPU is used in the Skytone Alpha-400 and its variants. The Jz4720 is utilized in the Copyleft Hardware project Ben NanoNote. Another popular device, the Dingoo gaming handheld, uses the JZ4732, a de facto JZ4740. Game Gadget is using the JZ4750. Velocity Micro T103 Cruz and T301 Cruz 7-Inch Android 2.0 Tablets used JZ4760. The JZ4770 SoC is used in several of the Ainol Novo 7 Android tablets and 3Q Tablet PC Qoo! IC0707A/4A40. JZ4770 SoC is also used in dedicated handheld NEOGEO-X and open-source handheld GCW-Zero running on OpenDingux.

</doc>
<doc id="18328923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328923" title="Aborigines' Protection Society">
Aborigines' Protection Society

The Aborigines' Protection Society was an international human rights organisation, founded in 1837, to protect the health and well-being and the sovereign, legal and religious rights of the indigenous peoples subjected by colonial powers.
Foundation.
The foundation of the Society was prompted by a group centred on Thomas Hodgkin, with experience from around the world: Saxe Bannister (Australasia), Richard King (North America), John Philip (South Africa). The founders were, on King's account, William Allen, Thomas Fowell Buxton, Henry Christy, Thomas Clarkson, Hodgkin, and Joseph Sturge. Buxton, after the 1832 British abolition of the slave trade, had taken an interest in particular in the Cape Colony.
The Quaker background and abolitionism were significant in the setting-up of the Society. The Quaker Meeting for Sufferings set up a committee on the issue in 1837, at Hodgkin's prompting, and in 1838 backed Buxton's Select Parliamentary Committee by publishing under its own name extracts from the evidence it had taken. It appeared as "Information Respecting the Aborigines in the British Colonies"; it was drafted by John Hodgkin but then rewritten by his brother Thomas, to sharpen the effect and reduce the references to missionary activity. The "Report" of the APS in 1838 put the case that colonisation did not inevitably have detrimental effects on indigenous peoples, as conventional wisdom had it, even to the point of their extinction: if the effects were negative, that was a criticism of the plan and regulation for the colony.
The principles of the APS combined "equal rights", i.e. legislation not based on race, with "racial amalgamation". There was no commitment therefore to preserving the indigenous peoples as encountered.
Early strains.
The Society remained active for about 70 years. But the differing views of Buxton and Hodgkin on how to proceed caused some fundamental divisions in the early years. Hodgkin was interested in a forum for both scientific discussion (of early ethnology, a discipline that hardly yet existed separately from the study of language), and protective activities based on lobbying. Buxton shortly became caught up in the activist drive that led quickly to the Niger expedition of 1841, the failure of which was a huge personal blow and also drove missionary considerations into the background for a time. Hodgkin was unhappy with Buxton's published criticism of Elliott Cresson, and the general British disregard for Liberia as an abolitionist project. King issued a prospectus for the new Ethnological Society of London in 1842, following Hodgkin's view that the humanitarian and scientific objectives should from then on be pursued separately.
Activity from 1840.
In 1842 the purpose of the APS was restated: "to record the history, and promote the advancement, of Uncivilized Tribes".
On Buxton's death in 1845, Samuel Gurney took over as President. Finances improved, and from 1847 Hodgkin had an assistant as Secretary on the payroll for a period, the activist Louis Alexis Chamerovzow. Chamerovzow published on the rights of Māori in 1848, and worked on Charles Dickens as opinion-former, with some success (as Dickens wrote to George Payne Rainsford James). He was a perceptive analyst of the difficulties in reconciling the interests of indigenous people and settlers.
In 1870 the APS bought Lennox Island (Prince Edward Island) on behalf of a community of the Mi'kmaq people.
Publications.
The Society published tracts, pamphlets, Annual Reports and a journal entitled "The Aborigines' Friend", or "Colonial Intelligencer", from 1847. Hodgkin's concerns over the indigenous peoples in the Hudson's Bay Company territory in western Canada were pursued both by correspondence with Sir George Simpson, and in the pages of the "Intelligencer". In 1889 Henry Richard Fox Bourne became its editor, and took over as Chair of the APS. He was a critic of the Emin Pasha Relief Expedition, and used the "Intelligencer" to accuse it for the first time of "atrocities".
Merger.
The Society continued until 1909 when it merged with the Anti-Slavery Society to form the Anti-Slavery and Aborigines' Protection Society (now Anti-Slavery International).

</doc>
<doc id="18328924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328924" title="Wang Shimin">
Wang Shimin

Wáng Shímǐn (; ca. 1592-1680 ) was a Chinese landscape painter during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1911).
Born in the Kiangsu province, Wang grew up in an artistic, scholarly environment. His grandfather was a prime minister in the late Ming dynasty, and his father was a Hanlin Academy editor for the court, who had studied with Tung Ch'i-ch'ang. After learning painting and calligraphy at a young age, Wang worked as a government official. However he fell ill due to exhaustion on a trip to Nanking in 1630. Wang returned to his homeland and immersed himself in art, creating numerous works. Wang's works place him in an elevated group known as the Four Wangs, also part of the Six Masters of the early Qing period. 
Wang painted "After Wang Wei's "Snow Over Rivers and Mountains"", which can be viewed at the National Palace Museum, Taipei.

</doc>
<doc id="18328935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328935" title="Enver Duran">
Enver Duran

Enver Duran (born June 19, 1945 in Bursa) is a Turkish medic specialising in thoracic-cardiovascular surgery, a university professor and Chancellor (Rector) of the Trakya University, Edirne 2004-2012 (July).
Biography.
His education began at Bursa Reşit Pasha Primary School in 1951-1956 followed by Bursa Osmangazi Secondary School in 1956-1960 and Bursa High School for Boys in 1960-1963. After his education in Ankara University Faculty of Medicine in 1963, he received a Bachelors degree in 1969. Duran worked as an Intern Doctor in Gülhane Military Medical Academy (GMMA) in 1970, then, he became a chief doctor in 1971-1973 in İzmir Military Dispensary and worked as an Assistant in Ankara Gülhane Military Medical Academy General Surgery Department in 1973-1977. After he completed his General Surgery Specialization education in 1977-1980, he became a Specialist in Thoracic-Cardiovascular Surgery and an assistant professor in the same academy. In 16 April 1985 he got associated professorship degree from Hacettepe University Medical Faculty Thoracic-Cardiovascular Surgery and assigned as an associated professor.
Between the years 1985-1990 he worked as an associated professor in Gülhane Military Medical Academy Thoracic-Cardiovascular Surgery and in May 1990 having received Professorship Degree he was assigned as a Professor.
He became the Clinic Director of Cardiovascular Surgery, Gülhane Military Medical Academy, Haydarpasha Training and Application Hospital from 1990 to 1998 and the Chairmanship of Trakya University Department of Cardiovascular Surgery from 1998 to 2004.
Assigned as a Rector of Trakya University in 2004, Prof. Dr. Enver Duran was elected President of Interuniversity Board in Turkey in 55th Interuniversity Board Meeting which was held in 28 July 2006 in Edirne.
Assigned as a deputy rector of Namık Kemal University in 18 August 2006, Duran carried on this task until a rector of this university was assigned in 17 May 2007. He was assigned as a deputy rector of Kırklareli University on 11 June 2007 and completed this task in 2008.
Duran’s rectorial incumbency ended in 2008 and he was re-elected for one more term from 2008 to 2012. Elected by Interuniversity Board, Duran has been serving as a President of Turkish Medical Council.
He is married to Ayse Mine Duran. He has two children and lives in Edirne.
Awards.
Duran has received a number of certificates, plates and plaques from national and international organizations, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18328956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328956" title="India House, London">
India House, London

The High Commission of India in London is the diplomatic mission of India in the United Kingdom. It is located in India House on Aldwych, between Bush House, what was Marconi House (now Citibank) and the High Commission of Australia. It faces both the London School of Economics and King's College London. Proposed in 1925 by the Indian High Commissioner Sir Atul Chatterjee, the building was designed by Sir Herbert Baker and completed in 1930. It was formally inaugurated on 8 July 1930 by the King-Emperor George V. There are decorations on the outside of the building representing the various states of India. There is also a bust of Jawaharlal Nehru which was unveiled by John Major in 1991. Since 1981 it has been a Grade II Listed Building.

</doc>
<doc id="18328958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328958" title="Ulmus 'Improved Coolshade'">
Ulmus 'Improved Coolshade'

A superior selection from the American hybrid cultivar "Ulmus" 'Coolshade', 'Improved Coolshade' was patented and released by the Sarcoxie Nurseries in 1958.
Description.
The tree is similar to 'Coolshade', but faster growing.
Pests and diseases.
Although reputedly resistant to Dutch elm disease, it had not been (by 1995) widely tested.
Cultivation.
'Improved Coolshade' was noted for its drought tolerance. It is not known whether the tree remains in cultivation in North America, nor whether it was introduced to Europe or Australasia.

</doc>
<doc id="18328971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328971" title="254th Indian Tank Brigade">
254th Indian Tank Brigade

The 254th Indian Tank Brigade was an armoured brigade of the Indian Army during World War II, it was part of the Fourteenth Army and saw action in the Burma Campaign. 254th Tank Brigade's tactical sign was a symbol that looks like black railway tracks disappearing into the distance, on a yellow triangle.
The Brigade fought with the 5th Indian Division and the 7th Indian Infantry Divisions in Burma and was involved in the Battles at Imphal, Kohima, Kyaumaung Bridgehead, Meiktila, and the Rangoon Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18328972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328972" title="Marcel Janssens">
Marcel Janssens

Marcel Janssens (Edegem, 30 December 1931 — Nukerke, 29 July 1992) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer. Janssens won two stages in the Tour de France, and finished 2nd place in 1957 after Jacques Anquetil. He also won the 1960 edition of Bordeaux–Paris

</doc>
<doc id="18328981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328981" title="Kfar Tzvi Sitrin">
Kfar Tzvi Sitrin

Kfar Tzvi Sitrin (, "lit." Zvi Sitrin Village), also known as Beit Tzvi (, "lit." Zvi House) is a technological college and village in northern Israel. Located near Highway 4, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaCarmel Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 540.
The village was established in 1953 as a professional religious school, and was named after Zvi Sitrin, a leader of Hapoel HaMizrachi in the United States. In the following years, the area was bought by Lev Leviev, and was used as a school and yeshiva named "Or Avner" after Leviev's father. 

</doc>
<doc id="18328982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328982" title="Østfold Kollektivtrafikk">
Østfold Kollektivtrafikk

Østfold Kollektivtrafikk is a county agency responsible for administrating public transport in Østfold, Norway. Created on 1 June 2002 and subordinate Østfold county municipality, it is responsible for route planning, purchase of transport from operators, marketing, customer information related to public transport, as well as issuing permits for taxi, bus and truck transport. Train traffic is not included in the responsibilities of Østfold Kollektivtrafikk; NSB has the responsibility for all passenger trains in Norway.
Bus transport in the county is performed on contract by Borg Buss, Hansens Bilruter, Lunds Bussruter, Nettbuss and Schøyens Bilcentraler.

</doc>
<doc id="18328984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328984" title="Anarchic System">
Anarchic System

Anarchic System was a French band formed in the 1972.
The band's members were parts of other groups from the rock scene of northern France. They were in good friendship when the opportunity of recording the "Popcorn" cover was given to them by Paul de Senneville of (AZ Records) in 1972. They were chosen because of C. Lerouge's incredible ability in using a Minimoog. Commercial success (700,000 copies) gave the band an opportunity to release two other singles ("Carmen Brasilia" and "Royal Summer"), even before they were signed in 1973.
Most of the band's songs are attributed to electronic music due to the keyboards presence in "Popcorn", "Carmen Brasilia" and the long version of "Generation". However, other singles are influenced by rock genres. Their influence were Uriah Heep, Warhorse, Black Sabbath and such.
Original tracks were written by P. De Senneville and O. Toussaint for the firsts singles (including "Generation"), then they change to C. Gordanne, C. Van Loo and I. Wira for the following release, only achieving to impose their own songs on the final release "Goody Lady" in 1977.
Musicians.
Secondary musicians:
Discography.
Released by AZ Records but without intervention of the former members:

</doc>
<doc id="18328987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328987" title="Beit Zvi">
Beit Zvi

Beit Zvi () is an acting school located in Ramat Gan, Israel. Graduates of the school are much in demand in the Israeli theater world.
History.
Beit Zvi is the country's first theater school not affiliated with an established theater. It was founded by Haim Gamzo. Former director Gary Bilu established a theater for Beit Zvi graduates and mounted plays not put on by the repertory theaters.
Beit Zvi offers a three-year program with an emphasis on acting in real productions. Micah Lewensohn, appointed head of the school in 2009, is the former director of the Israel Festival. Lewensohn plans to institute a BA degree and a program in television studies.
Controversy.
Despite its success as a drama school, Beit Zvi has been embroiled in scandals and there have been student complaints of mismanagement and productions at the expense of classes.
In 2006, Gary Bilu was acquitted on charges of sexually harassing two students.

</doc>
<doc id="18328989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18328989" title="Marwell College">
Marwell College

Marwell College was a college of secular priests in Marwell Park, Owslebury, Hampshire, England.
Marwell was sometimes spelt "Merwell" or "Merewell".
The college was founded by Bishop Henry de Blois (1129-1171) in the church or chapel he had built in Marwell Park. The church was dedicated to St. Stephen, St. Lawrence, St. Vincent and St. Quintin. Houses and other buildings were erected beside the church for four priests, "who should there continuously pray for the King of England and the Bishops of Winchester, and for other benefactors and faithful Christians". He endowed the college with £13 of rents at Twyford, divided as 60s. to each chaplain and 20s. for the ornaments and lights of the church.
In 1226, Bishop Peter des Roches added a deacon to the foundation and a gift of fifty quarters of grain and four cartloads of hay annually from the rector of Bushopstoke. He also laid down rules for the governance of the chaplains on a collegiate basis:
The four priests were annually to choose one of their number to act as prior, to whom due obedience was to be paid both within and without the church; no one was to be absent from the saying of the canonical hours, or from their common meals, or at night time, without the prior's special leave; no one was to be granted longer leave than eight days by the prior; if more was desired the bishop's licence was to be sought; any one guilty of incontinence or any other serious fault, or even if suspected, was to be expelled without hope of restitution; surplices and black copes were to be worn in the quire; the Sarum use was to be followed from mattins to compline; and of the £12 for stipend of Bishop Blois, £1 was to be assigned to each for clothes, and the remaining £8 were to be spent for common purposes by the prior with the advice of his brethren.
Bishop Woodlock (1305-1316), who was born at Marwell, added further to the property of the college. But the endowments were not sufficient to keep up with inflation and by the time of the Valor Ecclesiasticus (1535) the college was termed a chantry and could only support two priests. The college was suppressed and it, along with the episcopal estate and manor house of Marwell, became the property of Sir Henry Seymour

</doc>
<doc id="18329001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329001" title="Robert A. Woodruff">
Robert A. Woodruff

Robert A. Woodruff (September, 1943 – present) is an American physicist who is known principally for having designed and worked on a wide variety of instruments for space telescopes. These include Skylab (1967–1970), Apollo-Soyuz 
(1970s), Galileo(~1980), SIRTF and MIPS (1970s-1990s), and Hubble Space Telescope instruments [1977–present] (GHRS, STIS, COSTAR, ACS, COS, WFC3); JWST (1995–2000), Kepler (mid-1990s), TPF (2001 to present), and Destiny (2003–present). He has had one or more instruments flying continuously in space since the early 1970s. 
Mr. Woodruff has over 45 years experience designing optical systems for United States space program missions. He has made significant contributions to projects ranging from Skylab, Nimbus, Apollo-Soyuz, Galileo, SIRTF/Spitzer, microgravity science, the Hubble Space Telescope (HST), and Next Generation Space Telescope (NGST), Terrestrial Planet Finder (TPF), Beyond Einstein, Exo-planet detection, Kepler, as well as others. He has wide and varied experience in the definition of optical space-borne telescopes and instruments. His technical specialties are optical physic, optics design, and optical system engineering. He has served in various technical roles in optical design, system engineering, system test, and system calibration in the development of more than 20 flight hardware instruments, so one or more of his designs have been operational in space continuously for nearly 40 years. Among his accomplishments, two activities standout: 1) He helped fix the Hubble Space Telescope spherical aberration flaw and 2) He conceived and generated the optical concept and design for the Kepler mission. He is the author or co-author of well over 25 published or presented papers. He is also an Associate of Center for Astrophysics and Space Astronomy (CASA) of the University of Colorado in Boulder, CO. Recently he retired from Lockheed Martin as a Technical Fellow in the position of Chief Scientist for Optical Systems.
PATENTS
• U.S. Patent # 5,898,529 dated April 27, 1999. “Deployable Space-sed Telescope”
• U.S. Patent # 5,420,681 dated May 30, 1995. “Modular Multiple Spectral Imager & Spectral Imager”.
• U.S. Patent # 4,391,525 dated July 5, 1983. “Interferometer”. A Michelson Interferometer that is unchirped and inherently insensitive to mechanical perturbations.

</doc>
<doc id="18329012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329012" title="André Trochut">
André Trochut

André Trochut (Chermignac, 6 November 1931 — Geay, 4 August 1996) was a French professional road bicycle racer. In the 1957 Tour de France, Trochut won the 6th stage.

</doc>
<doc id="18329025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329025" title="Uptown Harlem">
Uptown Harlem

Uptown Harlem is the second album by DJ Webstar.

</doc>
<doc id="18329028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329028" title="USS Fort Wayne (ID-3786)">
USS Fort Wayne (ID-3786)

USS "Fort Wayne" (ID 3786) was a freighter acquired by the U.S. Navy during the last year of World War I. She was assigned to carry cargo to Europe, after which she was decommissioned and sold by the U.S. Shipping Board. She then became the "SS Fort Wayne", and was scrapped in Japan in 1934.
Constructed in Baltimore.
"Fort Wayne" (No. 3786), a 6245 gross ton (12,260 tons displacement) freighter, was built in 1918 by Baltimore Drydock and Shipbuilding Co., Baltimore, Maryland; acquired by the Navy 27 December 1918; and commissioned as USS "Fort Wayne" (ID # 3786) the same day, Lieutenant Commander S. C. Fenn, USNRF, in command.
World War I support.
The ship loaded general cargo and sailed from Baltimore 26 January 1919 for Gibraltar, with a refueling stop at the Azores. At Gibraltar "Fort Wayne" received orders to deliver a full load of cargo for the Italian government at La Spezzia, Italy, where she arrived in mid-February. Because of a shortage of cargo handling workers she was delayed there for almost a month and finally sailed for Norfolk, Virginia, arriving there on 20 April. 
After refueling at the Azores the freighter had to return there in early April for repairs to her propeller.
Final decommissioning and subsequent history.
USS "Fort Wayne" was decommissioned at Norfolk, Virginia, 23 April 1919 and returned to the U.S. Shipping Board. "SS Fort Wayne" was sold by the Shipping Board to a commercial firm in 1929 and was scrapped in Japan in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="18329029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329029" title="Communist Party of Pakistan (Thaheem)">
Communist Party of Pakistan (Thaheem)

Communist Party of Pakistan is a political party in Pakistan led by Khadim Thaheem. It was formed through a split away from the Communist Party of Pakistan in 2002. Thaheem is the general secretary of the party. Rauf Korai is the Sindh Committee secretary of the party.

</doc>
<doc id="18329033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329033" title="Luis Villa">
Luis Villa

Luis Villa is an American attorney, and Deputy General Counsel at the Wikimedia Foundation. Previously he was an attorney at Greenberg Traurig and Mozilla, where he worked on the revision of the Mozilla Public License (MPL). He continued that work at Greenberg Traurig. Prior to graduating from Columbia Law School in 2009, he was an employee at Ximian, which was acquired by Novell in 2003. He spent a year as a "senior geek in residence" at Harvard's Berkman Center for Internet & Society working on StopBadware.org. He has been elected four times to the board of the GNOME Foundation. He was editor-in-chief of the Columbia Science and Technology Law Review, and blogs regularly.

</doc>
<doc id="18329036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329036" title="Rainbow sherbet">
Rainbow sherbet

Rainbow sherbet is a frozen dessert made with the foundations in ice cream, milk and sugar; however, sherbet also contains a frozen mixture of sweetened fruit juice, water, which may contain milk, egg whites and/or gelatin, orange, raspberry, lime, lemon, or pineapple flavors. Sherbet is often eaten between courses of a meal, as it helps clean the palate.
Disputed history.
It is said that sherbet, along with ice cream, was made from chilled wines and other juices in the era of Alexander the Great. It was not called ice cream centuries ago, but "water ices". Marco Polo brought flavors of water ices to Europe from the Far East. Catherine de Medici, crowned queen of France in 1533, brought with her recipes of Italian sherbet. A combination of ice and salt became the most popular use in making the dessert in the 17th century. Frozen desserts found their way to America by the 18th century.
Rainbow Sherbet was invented by Emanuel Goren while working at Sealtest Dairies, Philadelphia, Pa. during the early 1950s. He is credited by them in conceptualizing the three nozzle design to fill the containers simultaneously with 3 flavors, thus creating the "Rainbow" effect of the confection.

</doc>
<doc id="18329047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329047" title="2. deild karla">
2. deild karla

2. deild karla (E. Men's Second Division) is a football league in Iceland. It is the third division in the Icelandic football league system. Current champions are Völsungur .
The division was started in 1966 as third division with two provisional groups, with number of teams varying from 7 to 10 teams in each group. In 1987 it was decided to merge the two groups to form a single nationwide league with 10 teams so at the end of the 1987 season only three teams from each group would stay in the league, the top teams in each group were promoted, all other teams relegated to the 4th division and two teams promoted from the 4th division. In 1997 after a name change, the division became Second division.
In 2008, as a part of a general change in Icelandic football, the number of teams was increased from 10 to 12.

</doc>
<doc id="18329054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329054" title="Juan Peña (baseball)">
Juan Peña (baseball)

Juan Francisco Peña [peh-nya] (born June 27, 1977 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a former starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Boston Red Sox during the season. Listed at 6' 5", 215 lb., he batted and threw right-handed.
Peña was a promising young pitcher in the Red Sox organization who had his baseball career shortened after suffering a serious injury. He posted a 2-0 record with a 0.69 ERA in two starts, giving up one run on nine hits and three walks while striking out 15 in 13 innings of work.
In spring training before the 2000 season, Peña was projected for the fifth starting rotation spot. He was 2-2 with a 1.64 ERA in 16⅔ innings, but was hit in the elbow by a line drive and then experienced pain in the elbow during a warmup. An exam confirmed a torn medial collateral ligament in his elbow that required surgery, causing him to miss the season. By 2002, Peña had worked his way back to Triple-A, but he went just 4-11 with a 5.33 ERA, after which the Red Sox let him go. He spent the 2003 season in the Toronto Blue Jays organization, then spent two seasons pitching in the independent leagues and the Mexican League before retiring in 2005 at the age of 28.

</doc>
<doc id="18329060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329060" title="St. Lawrence Laurentians">
St. Lawrence Laurentians

The St. Lawrence Laurentians is a soccer club founded in 1904 and is based in St. Lawrence, Newfoundland.
St. Lawrence is dubbed "Soccer Capital of Canada" due to its great success over the years. With a population of 1,350, the town has 9 organized soccer teams. The senior men's team hold the record for most all-time Newfoundland Challenge Cup wins with 23, including the competition's first season in 1967, and have represented their province all 23 times at the Canadian National Challenge Cup (the winner of the Newfoundland Challenge Cup qualifies for the Canadian National Challenge Cup). The club also holds the record for most consecutive Newfoundland titles with 8 between 1995-2002. 
The main pitch called St. Lawrence Centennial Soccer Field is of such historical significance it is listed on the Historic Places in Canada.
Labatt's is presently the club sponsor so the team is also known as St. Lawrence Labatt Laurentians

</doc>
<doc id="18329067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329067" title="Huiyuan Juice">
Huiyuan Juice

China Huiyuan Juice Group Limited () (), established in 1992 and headquartered in Beijing, is the largest privately owned juice producer in China. It is engaged in the manufacture and sales of juice and other beverage products. Its products include fruit juice and vegetable juice, nectars, bottled water, tea, and dairy drinks. 
Hong Kong Listing.
It was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in February 2007. Prior to its listing, Groupe Danone and Warburg Pincus became cornerstone investors in the company. Warburg Pincus sold its stake into the public market in 2009; Danone sold its 23 percent stake Huiyuan for €200m ($260m) in 2010 to Hong Kong private equity group, SAIF.
Coca Cola buy-out attempt.
In 3 September 2008, Atlantic Industries, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company, agreed to buy China Huiyuan Juice for HK$17.9 billion at HK$12.20 per share, three times more than its closing price of HK$4.14 on the previous day. Its shares closed at HK$10.94 on that day. The proposed takeover was subject to anti-monopoly review by the Chinese Ministry of Commerce, which was scheduled to finish on 20 March 2009. On 17 March, it was reported that Coca Cola was considering abandoning the deal, as Chinese authorities insisted on relinquishing the Huiyuan brand name after acquisition. On 18 March, the Ministry of Commerce disallowed the bid, citing market competition concerns. 
Sun Min, wife of a Chinese businessman, was found guilty of insider trading in Huiyuan shares by the Market Misconduct Tribunal in Hong Kong. The businessman, Mo Feng, and Sun purchased 8.61 million shares in the company between 30 July and 29 August 2008, at between HK$3.78 and 4.66 (US$0.48–$0.60), then resold their shares HK$10.24–$11.12 (US$1.21–$1.43) each on 3–4 Sept. 2008, after Huiyuan's stock price had surged after the proposed takeover was announced. A profit of HK$55.1 million (US$7.09 million) was made from the trade. Sun was convicted of having dealt in 3.13 million Huiyuan shares in August 2008 and was fined HK$20 million (US$2.56 million), the largest ever imposed for the crime in the territory.

</doc>
<doc id="18329073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329073" title="SS Fort Wayne">
SS Fort Wayne

A number of steamships have been named Fort Wayne.

</doc>
<doc id="18329081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329081" title="Bulgaria Cricket Federation">
Bulgaria Cricket Federation

Bulgaria Cricket Federation is the official governing body of the sport of cricket in Bulgaria. Bulgaria Cricket Federation is Bulgarias's representative at the International Cricket Council and is an affiliate member and has been a member of that body since 2008. It is also a member of the European Cricket Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="18329082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329082" title="WRVA Building">
WRVA Building

The WRVA Building is an building located at 200 N. 22nd St. in the historic Church Hill district of Richmond, Virginia. Designed by world-renowned architect Philip Johnson while he was at the architectural firm of Budina and Freeman, it was originally built to house WRVA (AM), one of Virginia's first broadcast radio stations. The building is considered "one of the city's most visible and important mid-20th-century architectural landmarks." ChildSavers, a Richmond nonprofit child services agency, is the current occupant.
Renovation.
From 2007 until 2008, the WRVA Building underwent an extensive $5.4 Million renovation for use by ChildSavers. Baskervill, a Richmond architecture firm, treated the building with great care to successfully design its adaptive reuse. Very few structural changes were needed during its renovation.

</doc>
<doc id="18329087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329087" title="Saskatoon Stallions">
Saskatoon Stallions

The Saskatoon Stallions, formerly known as the Saskatoon Smokin' Guns, was a minor league baseball team that played in the Prairie League in 1997 and had a record of 38-28 with as manager. The teams attendance for the season was 28,288.
After the Pro team had folded, local baseball builder(and current head coach), Dan Asham purchased the uniforms to start a Saskatoon midget team. One year after starting a midget team, he moved the team into the Saskatoon Senior Baseball League(SSBL). they have gone on to win numerous championships including three SSBL Championships(2007, 2011 and 2012) 

</doc>
<doc id="18329103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329103" title="2006 Scottish Challenge Cup Final">
2006 Scottish Challenge Cup Final

The 2006 Scottish Challenge Cup Final was an association football match between Ross County and Clyde on 12 November 2006 at McDiarmid Park in Perth. It was the 16th final of the Scottish Challenge Cup since it was first organised in 1990 to celebrate the centenary of the Scottish Football League. 
The match was Ross County's second appearance in the Scottish Challenge Cup Final since losing in 2004, whilst it was Clyde's first national final in 48 years since winning the Scottish Cup in 1958. The tournament was contested by clubs below the Scottish Premier League, with both finalists from the First Division.
Roddy Hunter scored first for Clyde in the 43rd minute with Andy Dowie equalising the score at 1–1 in the 80th minute for Ross County to force extra time. Clyde were reduced to 10 men during extra time after Eddie Malone was sent-off after receiving a second yellow card. The score remained 1–1 and the winner was decided by a penalty shoot-out. Both teams scored four of their first five penalties and Jason Crooks scored the winner for Ross County after Neil McGregor missed the decider for Clyde. 
Team news.
Ross County started with a 4-4-2 formation. Alex Williams, who was Clyde's top scorer the previous season, missed the match through injury along with Sean Higgins and Fergus Tiernan. Craig Samson started in goals for County, with on loan Celtic duo Gary Irvine and Michael Gardyne also getting starts. Gardyne was partnered by Frenchman Amick Ciani, the only non-Scot in both squads, in attack. Experienced duo Don Cowie and Derek Adams were partnered in the centre of midfield. The midfield was completed by youngsters Craig Gunn and Martin Scott. Midfielder Kevin McKinlay found himself in the unfamiliar position of left back, playing alongside Andy Dowie and Alex Keddie. Jason Crooks, who would go on to score the winning penalty, was making his first senior appearance from the bench.
Clyde used their preferred 3-5-2 formation. Star striker Dougie Imrie missed the game through injury, which he picked up in the previous game, as did Steven Masterton, who was suffering from a knee injury. Michael McGowan and Gary Arbuckle were both suspended, after picking up their second yellow cards of the competition at the semi final stage. Goalkeeper David Hutton made only his fourth appearance for the club, with the consistent trio of Craig McKeown, Neil McGregor and Chris Higgins in front of him. The suspension to McGowan meant a rare start for Ryan McCann at right wing back, with Eddie Malone took up position on the opposite flank. Captain Paul McHale played in the middle of the park, alongside Craig Bryson and Stephen O'Donnell, with Andy Ferguson and Roddy Hunter forming the attack. The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18329107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329107" title="Izaak Synagogue">
Izaak Synagogue

The Izaak Synagogue or Isaac Synagogue, formally known as the Isaak Jakubowicz Synagogue, is a Prayerhouse built in 1644 in the historic Kazimierz District of Kraków, Poland. The synagogue is named for its donor, Izaak Jakubowicz (d. 1673), also called Isaac the Rich, a banker to King Władysław IV. The synagogue was designed by Francesco Olivierri, an Italian working in Poland in that era. Jakubowicz is buried in the Remuh Cemetery. Variants of the name include Ayzik, Izaak, and Isaac. Izaak is the standard Polish spelling, while Jakubowicz is Polish for a "Son of Jacob."
Legend associated with this synagogue.
"The founder of the synagogue is the hero of a well-known legend deriving from the Tales of 1001 Nights. Ayzik Jakubowicz, a pious but poor Jew, dreamed that there was treasure hidden under the old bridge in Prague. Without delay, he made his way there. On arrival, it turned out the bridge was guarded by a squad of soldiers and that digging was out of the question. Ayzik told the officer about his dream, promising him half of the booty. The officer retorted, "Only fools like Polish Jews can possibly believe in dreams. For several nights now I have been dreaming that in the Jewish town of Kazimierz there is hidden treasure in the oven of the home of the poor Jew Ayzik Jakubowicz. Do you think I am so stupid as to go all the way to Cracow and look for the house of this Isaac the son of Jacob?". Ayzik returned home immediately, took the oven apart, found the treasure and became rich. After this it was said: 'There are some things which you can look for the world over, only to find them in your own home. Before you realise this, however, you very often have to go on along journey and search far and wide.' "
Architecture.
The interior walls of the early Baroque building are embellished with painted prayers, visible after conservation removed covering layers of paint. The vaulted ceiling is embellished with baroque plasterwork wreaths and garlands. Before the Nazi occupation of Poland, the synagogue boasted a widely-admired, wooden, baroque Aron Kodesh. When the building was planned, the design was considered by some diocesan officials to be too beautiful for Jews to have, which led to delays in the synagogue’s construction. Architectural historian Carol Herselle Krinsky considers the Isaak (Isaac) to be "the most architecturally important" of all the old synagogues of Kraków. According to Krinsky, the womes's gallery and exterior stairs leading to it are a later addition to the building.
History.
On 5 December 1939, the Gestapo came to the Kraków Judenrat building and ordered, Maximilian Redlich, the Jewish official on duty that day to burn the scrolls of the Torah. When Redlich refused he was shot dead.
Nazis destroyed the interior and furnishings, including the bimah and Aron Kodesh. After the war, the building was used by a sculpture and conservation atelier and then by a theatre company as workshop space and for the storage of props.until recently it was an exhibition space. A fire in 1981 damaged the interior. A renovation was begun in 1983 and in 1989, with the fall of communism in Poland, the building was returned to the Jewish community. It is now a practicing Orthodox Synaogue once again.

</doc>
<doc id="18329109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329109" title="Tackley Farm">
Tackley Farm

Tackley Farm, also known as Valley View, is a Greek Revival farmhouse near Shenandoah Junction, West Virginia. The property was leased by Michael Blue in 1777 from Colonel Richard Blackburn, the original grantee who migrated from England and acquired over 2000 acres in 1754. In 1757, Michael Blue and his brother had served with Blackburn in the foot Army of Col. Armstrong in Delaware. In 1795, Michael Blue purchased his 150 acres from Blackburn's son Thomas. In 1840, Michael Blue's son Joel built the present house. 
The house closely resembles Belvedere, near Charles Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18329116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329116" title="Franz Cibulka">
Franz Cibulka

Franz Cibulka, born in 1946, is an Austrian composer.
Franz Peter Cibulka is a freelance composer from Graz, Austria. His list of works includes more than 300 compositions of the most diverse instrumentation and styles resulting from his artistic collaboration with various performers. Cibulka mainly arranges compositions on demand, respecting the artists' wishes and ideas. However, he also writes music that reflects his own creativity and visions. This can be thoroughly felt in pieces such as "Aquarius", in which he transformed his despair about humans' misuse of nature into an exceptional musical work.
Although Cibulka's music is rather unconventional, his career is a traditional one. Having completed his musical studies in clarinet, composition and orchestral conducting at the Academy for Music and Performing Arts in Graz, Austria, he served as Professor of Clarinet, Chamber Music and Music Theory at the Johann Joseph Fux Conservatory in Graz until July 2002.
Cibulka achieved an international reputation following the performance in 1997 of several of his works at the World Association for Symphonic Bands and Ensembles (WASBE) held in Schladming, Austria. Ever since then he has been invited to Australia, America, Russia and many European countries as a composer, conductor, performer, juror and lecturer.
Cibulka's compositions have been championed in Australia and recently performed by the Heidelberg Wind Ensemble.

</doc>
<doc id="18329138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329138" title="Mount Matsuda">
Mount Matsuda


</doc>
<doc id="18329146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329146" title="Athanaric's Wall">
Athanaric's Wall

Athanaric's Wall, also called Lower Trajan's Wall or Southern Trajan's Wall, was a fortification line erected by Athanaric, the king of the Thervingi, between the banks of river Gerasius (modern Prut) and the Danube to the land of Taifali (modern Oltenia). Most probably, Athanaric's Wall has reused the old Roman "limes" called Limes Transalutanus.

</doc>
<doc id="18329148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329148" title="Saxon Studio International">
Saxon Studio International

Saxon Studio International is one of the best known London reggae soundsystems. It is notable for being the first UK soundsystem to win an international competition. It is also where three artists who went on to achieve UK Top Forty hits first came to prominence.
Saxon Studio International began operating in Lewisham, South London in 1976.
The sound came to prominence in the early 80s because of the "fast chat" style which was pioneered by its deejay Peter King. Other Saxon MCs included Tippa Irie, Smiley Culture, Asher Senator, Papa Levi, Daddy Colonel, Daddy Rusty and Daddy Sandy, each of whom developed this style and went on to release records, some (such as Smiley and Tippa) achieving Top 40 hits in the UK national chart.
Singer Maxi Priest also began his musical career on Saxon.
In 1992, Saxon won the UK Cup Clash (a tournament for reggae soundsystems).
In 1994, Saxon became the first UK soundsystem to win the World Clash.
Saxon continue to play internationally, including an annual outing at London's Notting Hill Carnival. Their style has influenced artists such as Massive Attack (who invited them to play at the 2008 Meltdown festival which they curated) and The Bug (who has collaborated with Tippa Irie and Saxon selector Trevor Sax).
Recordings and releases.
Many recordings of Saxon sessions circulate unofficially on cassette tape, CDR or mp3.
However an official recording of a mid eighties session in Paddington West London entitled "Saxon Studio International: Coughing Up Fire!!!" was released by the Greensleeves Records subsidiary label UK Bubblers in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18329150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329150" title="1986–87 New Jersey Devils season">
1986–87 New Jersey Devils season

The 1986–87 New Jersey Devils season was the team's fifth season since moving to New Jersey from Colorado and thirteenth of the franchise. This was the franchise's ninth consecutive season out of the playoffs.
Player stats.
Regular season.
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = Plus/minus; PIM = Penalty minutes; PPG = Power-play goals; SHG = Short-handed goals; GWG = Game-winning goals
<br>      MIN = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals Against; GAA = Goals against average; SO = Shutouts; SA = Shots against; SV = Shots saved; SV% = Save percentage; 
Draft picks.
New Jersey's draft picks at the 1986 NHL Entry Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="18329151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329151" title="Tom Holford">
Tom Holford

Thomas "Tom" Holford (28 January 1878 – 6 April 1964) was an English footballer who played for Stoke, Manchester City, Port Vale and the England national team. His primary position was wing-half, but over the course of his career he played in many different positions. He later managed Port Vale on two separate occasions, serving throughout World War I, before a three year spell from 1932 to 1935. He also served the club for many years as a trainer and a scout. In 1924 he turned out for the Vale at the age of 46 years and 68 days, making him one of the oldest ever players in the Football League. He was a cousin of Wilf Kirkham.
Club career.
Stoke.
Holford was born in Hanley, and started his career with Cobridge before moving on to one of the two local league clubs; Stoke in May 1898. He "did not put a foot wrong" in his first seasons at the club, before establishing himself as the centre of Stoke's half-back line between James Bradley and George Baddeley following Alf Wood's departure in March 1901.
For the next ten seasons Holford was a near ever-present in the Stoke team, racking up 105 consecutive appearances from March 1903 to March 1906. His good performances won him an England cap in 1903 and he is considered the smallest centre-back ever to play for England at just 5 ft 5. During Holford's time at Stoke became known as 'Dirty Tommy' as he played the game in a fiery style, although he was never sent off. He succeeded George Baddeley as captain in 1905.
Holford's manager Horace Austerberry described him as "an excellent passer of the ball and one who played every match as if it was his last". In 1908 Stoke went bust and dropped out of the Football League and played in the Birmingham League. Holford was too good to be lost to non-league football and so he had to leave his home-town club, who he played nearly 270 games for.
Manchester City.
In April 1908 he signed for First Division Manchester City, making his debut on 21 April against Bristol City, a match which finished goalless. In his first full season at the club he made 27 appearances and was the club's second highest goalscorer with 15 goals, which included three hat-tricks. However, Manchester City finished second-bottom in the First Division, and Holford again suffered relegation. In the 1909–10 season Holford won a Second Division championship medal as his club made an immediate return to the top flight. Though he had been an ever-present in 1912–13, Holford lost his place in the first team in the 1913–14 season, making all but three of his 15 appearances in the first ten weeks of the season. He made his last appearance for Manchester City on 13 April 1914 against Newcastle United, giving him a final total of 183 appearances and 38 goals for the club.
Port Vale.
Upon leaving Manchester he was joined Port Vale back in the Potteries as player-manager. He led the side to North Staffordshire Infirmary Cup victory in 1915, but two years later was conscripted into the army. After playing his part in World War I, as well as guesting for Nottingham Forest he returned to Vale in the summer of 1919. Regaining his place, he helped the club to win the Staffordshire Senior Cup and share the North Staffordshire Infirmary Cup in 1920. Due to his age he hardly played after October 1920, but played his part in the club's 1922 North Staffordshire Infirmary Cup achievement.
He retired as a player at the end of the 1922–23 season. Over his full career Holford played 474 league games, an exceptionally large number for the period, he had played everywhere except in goal. Upon his retirement he became a trainer for Port Vale, only to make his final appearance on 5 April 1924 at a club record age of 46 years and 68 days. At the time this also made him the second-oldest to play in the Football League, after Billy Meredith, and as of 2008 he is the sixth oldest Football League player of all time.
International career.
He won his only England cap on 14 February 1903, in a 4–0 win over Ireland at Molineux.
Managerial career.
He had two spells as manager of Port Vale, the first as player-manager from 1914 to 1918 when he was player-manager. His second appointment came in June 1932, with the club in the Second Division. He signed wingers Bob Morton and Jimmy McGrath, and led the Vale to a club record 9–1 victory over Chesterfield on 24 September. After top scorer Stewart Littlewood picked up an injury, he signed ex-England international Louis Page as a replacement; and also boosted the clubs defence by signing Len Armitage. In January 1933, he sold left-back Jimmy Oakes to Charlton Athletic for £3,000. His team finished four points above relegation in 1932–33, and he released Billy Easton, Louis Page, Stewart Littlewood, Tom Tippett, Jock Leckie, and Ben Davies, whilst Wilf Kirkham retired.
He signed players such as Trevor Rhodes, Jack Vickers, Ken Gunn, and Billy Tabram, the result of which was an eighth place finish in 1933–34 – then a record best for the "Valiants". However "the end of an era" followed, as players such as Bill Cope, Sydney Dickinson, Len Armitage, Billy Tabram, Fred Mills, George Poyser, and Jimmy McGrath departed.
In preparation for the 1934–35 campaign, Holford signed goalkeeper John Potts, 'outstanding' outside-right John Friar, inside-left David Galloway, and centre-half Joe Craven. After a good start, results tailed off into a scrap against relegation, and Vale ended up fifth from bottom. Leaving the club in summer 1935 were: James Baker, Bob Morton, Jack Blackwell, Joe Craven, Galloway, Edward Critchley, and Jack Round. He prepared for the 1935–36 season by signing striker George Stabb, centre-half Harry Griffiths, left-winger Arthur Caldwell, left-back Roderick Welsh, and right-half Michael Curley. However he was relieved of his post in September 1935 so that he could concentrate his efforts on scouting. He retired as a scout in 1950, having also been a trainer at the club from July 1939 to July 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="18329170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329170" title="Jean Bourlès">
Jean Bourlès

Jean Bourlès (Pleyber-Christ, 17 August 1930 — ) was a French professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18329173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329173" title="Gibb Droll">
Gibb Droll

Gibb Droll is an American guitarist known for his blues-infused rock. He is the founder of the Gibb Droll Band, but more recently has played with the group Keller Williams with Moseley, Droll and Sipe (formerly the WMDs). He has appeared on Jay Leno, Conan O'Brien, The CBS Morning Show, A&E, MTV, VH1, and CMT. His albums have sold over 50,000 records independently, been acknowledged in Billboard Magazine and earned himself a spot in the Rolling Stone Reader's Top 20 Poll.

</doc>
<doc id="18329178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329178" title="Thollon's red colobus">
Thollon's red colobus

Thollon's red colobus ("Procolobus tholloni"), also known as the Tshuapa red colobus, is a species of red colobus monkey from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and lower Republic of the Congo. It is found south of Congo River and west of Lomami River. It had once been considered a subspecies of the "P. badius". It was recognised as a distinct species by Dandelot in 1974, and this was followed by Groves in 2001, while others have suggested it should be considered a subspecies of "P. rufomitratus".

</doc>
<doc id="18329212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329212" title="Palais des Sports de Toulon">
Palais des Sports de Toulon

Palais des sports de Toulon, also known as Palais des sports Jauréguiberry is an indoor sporting arena located in Toulon, France. The capacity of the arena is 4,200 people. It is currently the home of the Hyères-Toulon Var Basket basketball team. It hosted the preliminary rounds of the 2007 World Women's Handball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18329221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329221" title="Estonia Cricket Association">
Estonia Cricket Association

Estonia Cricket Association is the official governing body of the sport of cricket in Estonia. Its current headquarters is in Tallinn, Estonia. Estonia Cricket Association is Estonia's representative at the International Cricket Council and is an affiliate member and has been a member of that body since 2008. It is also a member of the European Cricket Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="18329247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329247" title="King Saud bin Abdulaziz University for Health Sciences">
King Saud bin Abdulaziz University for Health Sciences

King Saud bin Abdulaziz University for Health Sciences (KSAU-HS) (Arabic: جامعة الملك سعود بن عبد العزيز للعلوم الصحية) is the first public university in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the Middle East region specialized in health sciences. Its headquarters is located in the main campus in Riyadh, the capital of Saudi Arabia. It has two other campuses both in Jeddah and Al-Ahsa. All of the campuses are located inside the parameters of King Abdulaziz Medical cities accordingly, and they will be officially opened soon.
History.
The establishment of KSAU-HS was announced by King Abdullah Bin Abdulaziz on 16 Safar 1426 H corresponding to 25 March 2005 G.
Mission and Vision.
Mission.
King Saud bin Abdulaziz University for Health Sciences provides advanced education programs in health care professions in an academic setting that fosters excellence in innovative learning, scientific research, compassionate patient care and community health promotion, and enhances healthcare development nationally and globally.
Vision.
The University is to be recognized as a center of excellence, offering the best evidence-based health education and utilizing concepts of information technology to attract the best students and faculty
College of Medicine.
The university has two programs for medical college. One for undergraduates who come immediately after high school (stream one). They first enter the University of Pre-Professional Program (UPPP) for two years, which is phase 1. After that they complete in the college of medicine for a four-year program which is divided into two phases added to the previous phase. Phase two the basic sciences phase which is divided into 9 blocks: Foundation, Muscoskeletal, Respiratory, Hematology, Cardiovascular,Neuroscience, Renal/Reproduction, Endo/Gastroenterology and Oncology. This phase takes 2 years; Mainly Problem Based learning sessions, some clinical skills and to a lesser extent direct patient encounter. Phase three is also two years and is the clinical sciences phase with intensive hospital visits, clinical rotations and direct patient encounter. It is divided into 7 blocks: Neuroscience, Medicine, Family and Community Medicine, Surgery, Pediatrics, and Obstetrics and Gynecology. After finishing the three phases the student is considered a graduate, but does not get certified until one year of medical internship is accomplished.
Campuses.
Riyadh.
The campus is in the east of Riyadh. Its design is a mix of contemporary and Islamic architecture to reflect the essence of Saudi local culture and tradition. The campus has a capacity of ten thousand students, but it can accommodate future increase in student enrolment.
Main units of the campus include: Administration Building, Conference Center, Clinical Skill Training Center, King Abdullah International Medical Research Center, the Colleges of Medicine, Nursing, Applied Medical Sciences, Dentistry, Pharmacy, Science and Health Professions, Public Health and Health Informatics, Housing Compounds, Sports Center and Recreational Facilities. 
There is a large landscaping area connecting the buildings with footpaths for easy movements and less usage of traffic. In addition, there is a monorail that connects the main areas of the campus with the housing compound.
Jeddah.
The architectural design of Jeddah Campus has integrated the new buildings with the existing complex of KAMC for easy communication. The campus can accommodate up to 4000 students. Main units of campus include: Administration Building, Conference Center, Clinical Skill Training Center, King Abdullah International Medical Research Center, Seven Colleges (Medicine, Nursing, Applied Medical Sciences, Science and Health Professions), Housing Compounds, Sports Center and Recreational Facilities.
Al Ahsa.
Al Ahsa campus can accommodate up to 3000 students. Main units of the campus include: Administration Building, Conference Center, Clinical Skill Training Center, King Abdullah International Medical Research Center, Seven Colleges (Medicine, Nursing, Applied Medical Sciences, Science and Health Professions), Housing Compounds, Sports Center and Recreational Facilities.
International Collaboration.
KSAU-HS has a number of agreements and memoranda for academic collaboration with reputable North American, European, and Australian universities and institutions. 
Memorandum of understanding with Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada, for the establishment of a Collaborating Center for CanMEDS competencies in Saudi Arabia. The mission of this center is to promote excellence in residency education. It will serve as the hub of a network of medical educators, trainers, and faculty committed to support, develop, and facilitate CanMEDS in all domain of medical education at both undergraduate, and postgraduate levels, as well as in the professional practice. 
The center will host and present a series of conferences & workshops on residency training, and develop network of medical educators, and deliver education and training to the trainees in postgraduate medical education programs in Saudi Arabia. In Nov 2010, KSAU-HS hosted The Saudi Arabian Conference on Residency Education (SACRE). This conference was a landmark event that highlighted the collaboration KSAU-HS has with the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada. Topic discussed in the conference program included key trends in development of residency education, quality in residency program, contemporary and emerging tools for assessment of resident competence, simulation technology to teaching & learning in postgraduate medical education, teaching the domains of physician competence using the CanMEDS framework, best research in residency education, new approaches for enhancing excellence in teaching and assessment in residency, current controversies in residency education and the implications for their own program.
The Association for Medical Education in the Eastern Mediterranean Region (AMEEMR) selected King Saud bin Abdulaziz University to be its headquarter. This decision came at the Association’s 2010 General Assembly, which College of Medicine at KSAU-HS hosted. Twenty-three representatives from fifteen countries and a representative for President of World Federation for Medical Education (WFME) attended the meeting. 
KSAU-HS has a number of licensing agreements to develop its academic programs with prestigious universities worldwide: University of Sydney (Australia); University of Liverpool (UK); South Alabama University (USA); Flinders University (Australia); Arkansas University (USA), Thomas Jefferson University (USA) University of Maryland (USA), Maastricht University (Netherlands), The University of Oklahoma (USA) and the University of Tennessee Health Science Center (USA).

</doc>
<doc id="18329271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329271" title="Mount Eboshi">
Mount Eboshi


</doc>
<doc id="18329277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329277" title="Chichester's Inn">
Chichester's Inn

Chichester's Inn is located along Chichester Road in a wooded section of West Hills, New York, United States. It is a rare surviving example of a 17th-century inn on Long Island, mostly unchanged from its original form, although it is now used as a house. Walt Whitman, who grew up in the area, and Theodore Roosevelt were among its past patrons. In 1985 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Building and grounds.
The main house is a -story, 11-bay clapboard structure of varied fenestration and form, reflecting considerable work and expansion in the first century of its existence. There are three entrances in the main facade, two with 19th-century panelled doors and the other with a vertical plank door and strap hinges. The main entrance has a shed-roofed porch. Large chimneys rise from the roof and two one-story wings project from the rear of the house. A small porch has also been built at the east end of the house, screened from sight by surrounding vegetation. 
Much original interior detail, including hardware, moldings and panelling. A unique 17th-century removable wall, complete with hinges, still exists, as does the old taproom and winding box stairs.
The 2.3-acre (920 m²) lot on which the inn was built includes one contributing property. A springhouse, built in the 19th century and featuring a rubblestone foundation, clapboard siding, gabled roof and vertical plank door, is located behind the house.
History.
A tavern had existed on the site since 1660, when the town board authorized Thomas Brush to build an "ordinary" on the site, in the wooded West Hills that were then sparsely settled. Twenty years later, his building burned and the Chichester family bought the land and built the beginnings of the current structure, a small -story cottage with two rooms and a bed in the attic crawl space. Throughout the 18th and early 19th century, they kept adding onto it as needed, accounting for its ramshackle shape.
The springhouse was built at that time, and that seemed to adequately serve the inn's needs. It no longer did any work other than routine maintenance, and the inn continued to be a popular local gathering spot for most of the 19th century, until the family decided to stop. Theodore Roosevelt and Walt Whitman, who grew up in the area, were among the most frequent visitors.
The Chichester family sold it in the early 20th century, and it has remained a private residence ever since. In 1980 a portion of the roof caught fire, but it has been restored to be nearly equivalent to its pre-existing condition.

</doc>
<doc id="18329286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329286" title="Turkish Cricket Board">
Turkish Cricket Board

The Turkish Cricket Board is the official governing body of the sport of cricket in Turkey. It is Turkey's representative at the International Cricket Council and is an affiliate member and has been a member of that body since 2008. It is also a member of the European Cricket Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="18329294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329294" title="Azriel Lévy">
Azriel Lévy

Azriel Lévy (Hebrew: עזריאל לוי; born c. 1934) is an Israeli mathematician, logician, and a professor emeritus at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
He obtained his Ph.D. at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1958, under the supervision of Abraham Fraenkel and Abraham Robinson. Using Cohen's method of forcing, he proved several results on the consistency of various statements contradicting the axiom of choice. For example, with J. D. Halpern he proved that the Boolean prime ideal theorem does not imply the axiom of choice. He discovered the models "L"["x"] used in inner model theory. He also introduced the notions of Lévy hierarchy of the formulas of set theory and Levy collapse.
His notable students include Dov Gabbay, Moti Gitik, and Menachem Magidor.

</doc>
<doc id="18329295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329295" title="Upper Trajan's Wall">
Upper Trajan's Wall

The Upper Trajan's Wall is the modern name given to a fortification located in the central area of modern Moldavia. Some scholars consider it to be of Roman origin, while others think it was built in the third/fourth century by the Germanic Greuthungi to defend their borders against the Huns. It may also have been called Greuthungian Wall in later Roman accounts, but this is uncertain owing to a single polysemic manuscript occurrence in the works of Ammianus Marcellinus.
Characteristics.
The wall stretches 120 kilometres from the Dniester River in the Teleneşti district to the Prut River. In Romania the remains of the wall can be found in Tiganasi, Carniceni, Sendreni and Tocsomeni.
Some scholars, such Vasile Nedelciuc, argue that the turf Wall was built initially by the Romans, even because it has a ditch facing north. Probably Emperor Trajan made the first earth movements of the turf wall around 110 AD, in order to protect the coastal area from the Danube delta as far as Tyras. 
Others, such as the historian Peter Heather, affirm it was built by the local Germanic tribes, mainly as a defense against raiders from Central Asia (Attila's Huns). Historian Thomas S. Burns is more reluctant, and wishes for better dating data. The identification of the geographical feature in Moldavia with the passage in Ammianus Marcellinus has been proposed by the Romanian historian Radu Vulpe in 1957. Historian Herwig Wolfram questions the emendation given to the passage in Ammianus Marcellinus necessary to read it as being about a wall.

</doc>
<doc id="18329301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329301" title="Adolf Christian">
Adolf Christian

Adolf Christian (Vienna, 3 June 1934 — Vienna, 8 July 1999) was an Austrian professional road bicycle racer. In 1957, Christian finished 3rd place in the general classification of the Tour de France, and he was the only Austrian to reach the podium until 2008, when Bernhard Kohl also reached the 3rd position.

</doc>
<doc id="18329304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329304" title="Zona Bruta">
Zona Bruta

Zona Bruta (Spanish for “Uncouth Zone”) is a Spanish hip hop record label in Madrid founded in 1996. It was one of the first Spanish hip hop specialised labels, and the most important. It operates as a subsidiary of, and is distributed through, Warner Music.

</doc>
<doc id="18329332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329332" title="Chateau de la Croë">
Chateau de la Croë

The Château de la Croë is a detached villa situated in eight hectares of grounds on the Cap d'Antibes peninsula on the Côte d'Azur, in the Alpes-Maritimes department of Southern France.
The chateau was built in the classical style.
The Duke and Duchess of Windsor leased the château in May 1938 in addition to their Paris mansion after the Duke's abdication as King Edward VIII in 1936. The Windsors had been ordered to take the lease on the Château de la Croë by the British Embassy in Paris so they were not present in the French capital for the state visit of George VI and Queen Elizabeth.
The Duchess of Windsor subsequently renovated the house leading the author Rebecca West to comment that "There are not many women...who can pick up the keys to a rented house, raddled by long submission to temporary inmates, and make it look as if a family of good taste had been living there for two or three centuries."
Winston and Clementine Churchill celebrated their fortieth wedding anniversary with the Windsors at the chateau in 1948.
Among the Windsor's guests were Deborah, Duchess of Devonshire and her husband, the Duke of Devonshire. Deborah Devonshire later recalled that the Duke of Windsor wore full Highland dress at dinner, with a kilt and a dirk "in his stocking". In addition to the Duke's dress, a Highland piper entertained the dinner guests which Devonshire remarked was "more suited to the misty glens than the Côte d'Azur in July." The Windsor's housekeeper later worked at Chatsworth, home of the Devonshires. The housekeeper told Deborah Devonshire that all the staff employed at the Chateau de la Croë by the Windsors were blonde haired.
Subsequent residents included Greek shipping magnates Aristotle Onassis and his brother-in-law (and competitor) Stavros Niarchos.
The Chateau de la Croë is presently owned by the Russian businessman Roman Abramovich. Abramovich is believed to have spent £30 million restoring the chateau. In 2010 a lecture was given and a short film shown on the restoration of Chateau de la Croë. Subsequent to its restoration the house had been damaged and squatted with only the structural work remaining. The permit for the renovation works was granted in February 2004, and work took four years to complete. The work was completed two months ahead of deadline, with all the furniture and fittings individually made and designed for the house. As part of the works a pool was built on the roof of the building and a gym and cinema in the basement. The grounds were landscaped by Peter Wirtz, the son of noted Belgian landscape designer Jacques Wirtz, and planted with Californian and Mediterranean species.

</doc>
<doc id="18329344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329344" title="Televisione Cristiana in Italia">
Televisione Cristiana in Italia

Televisione Cristiana in Italia (TCI), also known as TBNE (Trinity Broadcasting Network Europe), is a free-to-air Italian religious TV channel headquartered in Marnate, Italy. It is available throughout Europe via Hot Bird 6, and in Italy (Piedmont, Lombardy and Lazio) via DVB-T. Besides locally produced Italian televangelistic programmes, the channel broadcasts dubbed and/or subtitled programmes produced by the Trinity Broadcasting Network in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18329363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329363" title="Ralph Archbold">
Ralph Archbold

Ralph Archbold is a Philadelphia-area speaker best known for his impersonation of U.S. Founding Father Benjamin Franklin.
Franklin impersonation.
Archbold began impersonating Franklin in 1973 for a local summer production in Dearborn, Michigan. He enjoyed the role so much he read over 200 of Franklin's books, and realized that he was born on Franklin's birthday, January 17. He began performing at schools full-time, and in 1981 moved to Philadelphia to continue his impersonation in Franklin's home city where demand was higher. He currently gives frequent speeches for company meetings, and is regularly seen sitting on a park bench in Franklin Court.
He has been declared the official Benjamin Franklin for the city of Philadelphia, and has been awarded "Philadelphia" magazine's Best of Philly Award. His photo appears frequently in tourist literature and brochures. He has also appeared on television, including "Today", The History Channel, and "The Colbert Report". He has also been featured at the Philadelphia celebration "200 Years of Benjamin Franklin's Genius" and in "The Franklin Pleaser," a video produced by Philadelphia sketch group Secret Pants for the Philadelphia Film Festival, appeared for every President of the United States since Gerald Ford, and was appointed by George W. Bush to a 15-member commission to oversee the celebration of Franklin's 300th birthday.
Archbold, like Franklin, is balding and requires the use of bifocals and cane. He wears period clothing, including a frilly shirt, a vest, and shoes with buckles, making his appearance historically accurate.
Personal life.
On July 3, 2008 Archbold married Linda Wilde, a historical impersonator known for playing Betsy Ross. The wedding was held in front of Independence Hall, entirely in costume, with Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter officiating. He has since suffered a stroke, but expressed his hope to resume his Franklin impersonation by July 2010. In 2013, he was present, in character, for the reopening of the Franklin Museum in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="18329372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329372" title="Edward Conradi">
Edward Conradi

Edward Conradi served as President of Florida State College for Women (now Florida State University) from 1909 to 1941, and as President Emeritus from 1941 until his death in 1944.
He was born on 20 February 1869 in New Bremen, Ohio. Conradi received bachelor's and master's degrees from Indiana University, and completed a Ph.D. in Psychology from Clark University in 1904.
He moved to Florida in 1905, where he was principal of the Normal and Industrial School of St. Petersburg, Florida until he was appointed Dean of the Florida State College for Women, in 1909, by that school's president, Albert A. Murphree. Conradi only briefly held that office, as Murphree soon became President of the University of Florida, and Edward Conradi was named to replace him at FSCW. Conradi died in Tallahassee, Florida on 1 December 1944.
The old biology building at FSU is named in his honor, as is an endowed chair at the Department of Psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="18329374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329374" title="Achi, Enugu">
Achi, Enugu

Achi is a town located in Enugu State in Nigeria.
However, it is the largest town in Oji River Local Government area of Enugu State. Achi town is made up of 12 villages - "isii na ulo, isii na agu" as the natives say. That phrase literally means that there are 6 villages in the northern section of the town and 6 villages in the southern section (if you imaginarily divide the town into two sections).
Achi town in surrounded by some other towns namely Isuochi (in Abia State), Inyi (also part of Oji River LGA of Enugu State, Ugbo, and Obeagu (Awgu LGA of Enugu State) and Some parts of Udi LGA of area of Enugu State.
There are several primary schools in Achi with all 12 villages having at least one primary school. The oldest Secondary educational institutions in Achi include Corpus Christi College (founded in 1960), Girls Secondary School (founded in 1962).
Another popular institution is the Achi Joint Hospital, which is a fairly old hospital. For several years it was and perhaps is still the best hospital in what used to be known as Awgu division in the then East Central State.
The land and people of Achi are very hospitable and known to be particularly brilliant. Achi is generally made up of sandy soil which is not particularly fertile. As a result, Achi town and people are not known for the cultivation of any particular crop. However, it is an obvious fact that Cashew trees and mellon do grow fairly well in Achi. However Achi people cannot legitimately lay claim to be the biggest producer (or even a genuine contender) of any cash crop in Eastern Nigeria.
Interestingly there is a fairly old institution known as Achi Farm School (founded in 1960 or there-abouts). The institution has for several years been training agricultural extension officers who are currently scattered all over eastern Nigeria.
Achi people however are known to be very hospitable and they are most notable for the manner in which they entertain their guests. Achi people entertain their visitors by preparing cassava by form of dishes and serving with fish or meat. 
A visit to Achi they say lasts for a century in the minds of the visitors.
The most popular village at Achi is Isikwe. Isikwe comprises Umuakpu, Obinagu,Abor and other minor villages. Umuakpu is termed 'Small London' because of its numerous modern buildings owned by its men and women mainly residing at Europe and United States of America. Umuakpu has is own water pipe line, electrification and telephone system. Umuakpu is noted for its production of doctors, nurses, pharmacists, economists, modern businessmen and other professionals.
Obinagu people are mainly farmers and local traders and very good at keeping traditions. Abor is a modern village with honest and reputable indigenes spread across the country and abroad. Apart from that the people of Achi also hold high esteem for their country home called Elugwu Achi. It is believed that it was the first home settlement of the people of Achi before they spread to other areas of the town, the place till today is where they settle their differences among member villages and towns and crown their sons and daughters who have done marvelously well in the growth and development of the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18329379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329379" title="Y.C.Tang Disciplinary Development Fund">
Y.C.Tang Disciplinary Development Fund

The Y.C.Tang Disciplinary Development Fund of Zhejiang University (Traditional Chinese: 湯永謙學科建設發展基金; Simplified Chinese: 汤永谦学科建设发展基金), is an educational foundation of Zhejiang University (ZJU).
Introduction.
The fund was founded by American engineer and entrepreneur Dr. Y.C.Tang (湯永謙/汤永谦), who is a Zhejiang University alumnus and Zhejiang native (hometown Ningbo). 
The first endowment of the fund was 2 million US dollar from Mr. and Mrs Tang in May 2004. The General Secretary of Zhejiang University - Mr. Zhang Junsheng (张浚生), received the endowment, on behalf of the university. 
Before this donation, Tang couple already donated 40 million Chinese Yuan to the university.
The fund is coupled with the "Y.C.Tang Educational Fund", which is based in United States. Annually, Y.C.Tang donates about 200,000 US dollars to support the educational activities at Zhejiang University. 
In 1997, the Centennial Anniversary of ZJU, Mr. Tang also donated 2.4 million USD to build a student center at Yuquan Campus. He further donated 5 million USD to Zhejiang University, to support its constructions and education.

</doc>
<doc id="18329405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329405" title="Abdullahi">
Abdullahi

Abdullahi (also spelled Abdollahi and Abdillahi) is a male given name. It is a variation of the Arabic personal name Abdullah. The variant "Abdullahi" is most common in Somalia and Ethiopia. 
Abdullahi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18329411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329411" title="1985–86 New Jersey Devils season">
1985–86 New Jersey Devils season

The 1985–86 New Jersey Devils season was the team's 4th in the league since moving to New Jersey from Colorado. Kirk Muller making the All-Star Game was the highlight of the season for the Devils, as they finished in last place in their division and conference, good for the third-worst record in the league. This was the franchise's eighth consecutive season out of the playoffs.
Player stats.
Regular season.
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes; PPG=Power-play goals; SHG=Short-handed goals; GWG=Game-winning goals
<br>      MIN=Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals Against; GAA = Goals Against Average; SO = Shutouts; SA=Shots Against; SV=Shots saved; SV% = Save Percentage; 
Draft picks.
New Jersey's draft picks at the 1985 NHL Entry Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="18329431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329431" title="Community Boards of the Bronx">
Community Boards of the Bronx

Bronx Community Boards comprise twelve local units in the borough of The Bronx, which, like those in the other boroughs, play a role in the government of New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18329438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329438" title="122 mm gun M1931 (A-19)">
122 mm gun M1931 (A-19)

122 mm corps gun M1931 (A-19) () was a Soviet field gun, developed in late 1920s and early 1930s. In 1939 the gun was replaced in production by an improved variant, M1931/37. The piece saw action in World War II with the Red Army. Captured guns were employed by Wehrmacht and the Finnish Army.
Development history.
From late 1920s the Red Army sought to upgrade its First World War era artillery pieces. In January 1927 the Main Artillery Directorate (GRAU) initiated development of a new 122 mm gun for corps artillery. The development was initially entrusted to GRAU design bureau (led by F. F. Lender until its death in September 1927), and from June 1929 - to the design bureau of All-Union Ordnance Trust, with assistance from GRAU designers.
On 17 June 1929 a prototype piece, along with technological documentation, was ordered from Motovilikha Plants. The piece underwent trials starting in October 1931, with two barrels of different construction, both fitted with muzzle brake. In May 1932 the gun was sent for improvements to the "No 38 Plant", and it received that plant's designation "A-19". In 1933, three more prototypes were ordered from the Barrikady Plant in Stalingrad and were completed in March 1935. The gun reached trials again in November 1935. After successfully completing the trials, it was adopted by RKKA on 13 March 1936 as 122 mm corps gun M1931 (A-19).
Production history.
The M1931 was in production in 1935-1939. It was gradually improved until 1937, so late production peces differ from the early production ones. In 1939, the gun was replaced in production by an improved variant, M1931/37, which combined barrel of the M1931 with the carriage of the 152 mm howitzer-gun M1937 (ML-20). The exact number of pieces manufactured is not known; estimations are 450-500 pieces.
Description.
In contrast with World War I-era guns, the M1931 had split trail carriage, allowing for much wider traverse angle. The carriage was fitted with leaf spring suspension and ten-spoke metal wheels with solid rubber tires. Some late production pieces had ML-20-type wheels with pneumatic tires. The carriage also featured spring-type equlibrator. The shield gave the crew some protection from small arms and shell fragments.
The barrel consisted of liner, jacket and screwed-upon breech. Early production barrels hade built-up construction, but in 1936 these were replaced in production by free liner barrels. The breechblock was of interrupted screw type, similar in construction to that of the 152 mm howitzer M1910/37. Unlike early prototypes, productional barrels did not have muzzle brake. Recoil system consisted of hydraulic recoil buffer and hydropneumatic recuperator, both located inside the cradle under the barrel.
The limber of the experimental 152 mm ML-15 was used.
Initially a separate transportation (with the barrel removed from the carriage and transported on a special wagon) was considered. However, following the trials it was decided to always tow the gun as a single piece. Several types of artillery tractors were employed: S-2 Stalinets-2, Komintern and, from 1943, Ya-12.
Organization and employment.
Both variants - M1931 and M1931/37 - had the same place in army organizations, were often used alongside each other and combat reports rarely differentiate between them; consequently, the data in this section is for M1931 and M1931/37 together, unless specified otherwise.
Red Army.
The A-19 was originally intended for corps artillery. Together with ML-20 it formed a so-called "corps duplex". In 1940-41 there were three types of corps artillery regiments:
Soon after the outbreak of the Great Patriotic War the corps artillery was eliminated (as rifle corps themselves were eliminated) and was only reintroduced late in the war. Those new artillery regiments were issued 122 mm guns along with other pieces, mainly 107 mm guns and 152 mm howitzers, in total 16-20 pieces per regiment. On 1 June 1944, RKKA corps artillery possessed 387 A-19s (along with some 750 107 mm and 152 mm pieces), an on 1 May 1945 - 289 A-19s (again along with some 750 100 mm, 107 mm and 152 mm pieces).
The gun was also used by artillery units of the Reserve of the Main Command (RVGK). In mid-1941 a cannon regiment of the RVGK had 48 A-19; in autumn 1941 these regiments were reorganized, a new, smaller, regiment had 18 A-19s. From 1942 cannon brigades were introduced, with 36 A-19s each. Such brigade could be a part of an artillery division - a huge formation, with up to four brigades of A-19 or ML-20 (meaning up to 144 pieces).
The first combat use of the A-19 was in the Battle of Khalkhin Gol. It also saw combat in the Winter War. On 1 March 1940 there were 130 A-19 guns at the frontline. Three pieces were lost.
By June 1941 the RKKA possessed, according to different sources, 1257 (1236 in the Army and 21 in the Navy) or 1300 A-19s. The gun proceeded to be used throughout the Great Patriotic War.
The A-19 was primarily used for indirect fire against enemy personnel, fortifications and key objects in the near rear. It was also equipped with armour-piercing shells for direct fire against armoured targets. Although not an ideal anti-tank gun because of its large size, slow traverse and relatively slow rate of fire, in 1943 the A-19 was one of a few guns effective against new German tanks.
Other operators.
In the early stage of the Great Patriotic War hundreds of A-19s fell into the hands of Wehrmacht. Both variants were adopted - M1931 as 12,2 cm K.390/1(r) and M1931/37 as 12,2 cm K.390/2(r). Germans used a total of 424 of these guns in field and coastal artillery and manufactured ammunition for them.
The Finnish Army captured 25 pieces in 1941 and also pressed them into service. The same designation 122 K/31 was applied to both variants. Because of shortage in heavy tractors, the gun was mostly used in coastal artillery. Four pieces were lost; the rest remained in service after the war. During the 1980s some pieces had their barrels replaced with 152 mm barrels of the ML-20; the resulting pieces were designated 152 H 37-31. In late 1980s all 152 H 37-31 and the remaining 122 K/31 received new 152 mm L/32 barrels manufactured by Vammas, to become 152 H 88-31. Only in 2007 did the Finnish Army begin to remove these guns from service.
Variants.
As mentioned above, late production M1931s differed from early production ones. Guns manufactured starting in 1936 had free liner barrel construction in contrast to the earlier built-up barrels; in 1937 changes in breech block construction were introduced, and some late production pieces received ML-20-type wheels with pneumatic tires.
In addition, the M1931 had a number of experimental variants.
In 1933, development of a carriage with improved off-road mobility was started. The carriage in two variants - on tracks and on large, tractor-type wheels - reached trials in 1937 and was found to be not durable enough.
In 1933-36 the gun was involved in experiments with pre-rifled projectiles. For these experiments a special variant of the barrel was produced. The experiments were stopped because of inherent deficients of those projectiles, namely more complicated loading process and lower accuracy.
Another variant, with bag loading, designated Br-3, reached trials in 1937, but was not adopted.
The carriage of M1931, almost unmodified, was used for the 152 mm gun M1910/34.
As already mentioned, in Finland carriages of the A-19 were fitted with 152 mm barrels, resulting in two models:
Summary.
The M1931 was one of the first Soviet artillery pieces to feature split trail carriage. This carriage construction allowed for much better traverse angles compared to earlier single trail or box trail carriages. Good elevation angle and ability to use different propellant charges made the gun flexible indirect fire weapon, and its ballistics were powerful enough to make it useful in direct fire role against enemy armor (though, as mentioned above, it was not an ideal anti-tank gun because of its size, traverse speed and rate of fire).
The carriage of M1931 had a number of shortcomings though. The elevation mechanism was slow and unreliable; solid-tired wheels hindered mobility to some extent; there were technological problems in carriage production. These shortcomings eventually led to adopting a better carriage, creating the M1931/37.
As calibers similar to 122 mm were not typical for western field artillery of World War II era, pieces directly comparable to the M1931 were rare.
The German 10.5 cm sK 18 was significantly lighter (5.64 t) while having about the same range (19 km), but fired much smaller 15 kg shell; on the other side, the 15 cm K 18 was heavy (combat weight 12.46 t), limited production (101 pieces) weapon, more comparable to the Soviet 152 mm Br-2. Late in the war Germans worked on a number of 128 mm field guns; one of these designs, the 12.8 cm K 81/2, was a gun with combat weight of 8.2 t, based on a heavily modified carriage of captured 152 mm ML-20. However, little is known about its characteristics; anyway, none of these 128 mm designs reached mass production.
British Army and U.S. Army both employed 4.5 inch (114 mm) pieces with similar characteristics, and designed to utilize the same ammunition - BL 4.5 inch Medium Field Gun and 4.5 inch Gun M1 respectively. The 5.65-ton M1 fired a 24.9 kg shell to the maximum range of 19.3 km; however the only type of ammunition available for the gun was a HE-frag shell, and that contained only about two kg of explosives.
Ammunition.
The gun fired separate loading, cased charge ammunition, with one of four possible propellant charges - the full, no. 1, no. 2 and no. 3 (the smallest). In addition to 122 mm gun shells, the A-19 could fire 122 mm howitzer shells; however because of lesser durability of those shells they could not be used with full charge; use of steely iron howitzer shells O-460A and O-462A was prohibited.
Surviving pieces.
The M1931 can be seen:

</doc>
<doc id="18329454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329454" title="B. H. Dougan">
B. H. Dougan

Dr. Benjamin Hayes Dougan (June 22, 1867 - January 1, 1940) was a Canadian physician and politician in the Province of New Brunswick. Known by his middle name, in the 1901 Canadian census, he is listed as Hazen Dugan. At census time, he was at his future in-laws home in Gagetown, New Brunswick. In 1906, he married Blanch M. Slipp (1878–1959).
Dougan became a medical doctor and he and his wife made their home in Harvey Station, New Brunswick. In 1924, he gained wide recognition as the Province's coroner who conducted the inquiry into the sensational shooting deaths of two young female siblings in Fosterville, New Brunswick. Capitalizing on his celebrity following the January 1925 trial and conviction of Darius H. Thornton for the double murders, in the August provincial election Dougan was elected to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick as the Conservative Party candidate in the multiple-member riding of New Brunswick. He was reelected in 1930 and served until June 27, 1939.
Benjamin Hayes Dougan died in 1940. He and his wife are buried in the Fredericton Rural Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18329466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329466" title="Abdulov">
Abdulov

Abdulov (son of Abdul) is an Azeri surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18329478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329478" title="Ugandan red colobus">
Ugandan red colobus

The Ugandan red colobus ("Procolobus tephrosceles") is an endangered species of red colobus monkey, recognised as a distinct species since 2001. There is disagreement however over taxonomy with many considering the Ugandan red colobus to be a subspecies ("Procolobus rufomitratus tephrosceles"). The Ugandan red colobus is an Old World monkey which is found in 5 different locations across Uganda and Tanzania.
Taxonomy.
Recognised as a distinct species in 2001 the Ugandan red colobus had previously been considered a subspecies of "P. badius", and later a subspecies of "P. foai". There is currently a debate as to whether it should be considered a subspecies of "P. rufomitratus".
Description.
The Ugandan red colobus has a rust-red cap with a dark grey to black face, although infants are born with completely black faces. There is more variation amongst the coat colours of the Ugandan red colobus with back colour ranging from black to dark grey through to a reddish brown. The sides of the body and the arms and legs are a light grey. They have very long dark to light brown tails which they rely on for balancing when climbing and leaping through the canopy. The Ugandan red colobus has dark grey to black hands and feet and their feet are very long which helps them leap large distances
The Ugandan red colobus, like all colobus monkeys, has thumbs which are so reduced in size they are almost absent. It is thought this feature may help in brachiation when moving through the canopy. 
There is strong sexual dimorphism; the males are much larger than the females. The average male weighs around 10.5 kg and the females weigh around 7 kg.
Distribution and habitat.
The Ugandan red colobus is found only in Africa. It has a distribution spanning 1000 km of East Africa but populations are only found in 5 separate forested areas. These areas are in west Tanzania at the edge of Lake Victoria, in Gombe and Mahale Mountains at the edge of Lake Tanganyika, on the Ufipa Plateau and in west Uganda in Kibale National Park. The Ugandan population is the largest and it has been suggested that this is the only viable population with around 17,000 individuals. It is possible, though yet to be verified, that the Ugandan red colobus might also be located in Rwanda, Burundi and the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The habitat of the Ugandan red colobus varies by population. Kibale National Park, Uganda, inhabited by the largest population, is a moist evergreen tropical forest. Kibale National Park has been a protected area since 1993. Before 1993 parts of the forest were subject to logging of different degrees of severity. The habitat of the Ugandan red colobus in the Mbisi Forest Reserve on the Ufipa Plateau is fragmented and severely degraded. Unlike Kibale where significant expanses of undisturbed forest remain.
Behaviour.
Diet.
The Ugandan red colobus is a folivore so the main component of its diet is leaves. It is not limited to any tree species in particular and different groups in the same forest have shown preferences for different tree species. Although not particularly fussy about which species of tree it eats, the Ugandan red colobus does have a preference for eating young leaves or the petioles of more mature leaves. Although uncommon the Ugandan red colobus has been observed eating bark, seeds and fruits, thought to be an important source of nutrients.
Social structure.
Ugandan red colobus groups are multi-male. Habitat quality and predation can affect group size which range in size from as few as 3 to as large as 85 individuals, although an average group size is around 40 individuals. The size of a group is often determined by how many males are present. Within a social group males are the stable component and rarely successfully move to another group. Females can disperse to other groups easily and are attracted to groups which contain a higher number of males. In all social groups of Ugandan red colobus females out-number males. This natural imbalance is further exaggerated by the predatory action of common chimpanzees which single out females and juveniles as prey. Within groups there is a dominance hierarchy with adult males being dominant over adult females, most likely because of their larger size.
Ugandan red colobi often form fission-fusion groups in which a main large groups splits into smaller groups to forage. This is beneficial if there is limited food availability such as in more heavily logged or degraded parts of their forest habitat.
Grooming is a social behaviour which is frequently carried out amongst individuals of a group. Females are the main groomers, of males, young and other females. Males groom less often and receive the most grooming unless of a lower rank in the dominance hierarchy.
Interspecific interactions.
The Ugandan red colobus is often found in association with other species of primates. Groups in parts of Kibale National Park have been seen to be in association with red-tailed monkeys for more than half their time. Although polyspecific associations are most common with red-tailed monkeys, associations have occasionally been observed between the Ugandan red colobus and the gray-cheeked mangabey, the blue monkey and the mantled guereza. 
It is not certain why the Ugandan red colobus forms these associations with other species but protection from predators is the most accepted reason. The Ugandan red colobus is less vigilant, looking out for predators less often, when associated with the red-tailed monkey. It also forms these associations more readily when there are a large number of young in the Ugandan red colobus group which implies it may be more protected when with the other species.
Predators.
The Ugandan red colobus has two main predators: the common chimpanzee and the crowned eagle. There are many primate species in Kibale National Park but chimpanzees rarely hunt any species other than the Ugandan red colobus. Each year in Ngogo, part of Kibale National Park, up to 12% of the red colobus population is killed by chimpanzees. Chimpanzees do not hunt Ugandan red colobus all year round, instead they tend to go through bouts of heavy hunting. In response to attacks by a chimpanzee, all members of a Ugandan red colobus group gather together and males assemble to aggressively try and deter the attacking chimpanzee.
Crowned eagles prefer to prey on infants and young juveniles of the Ugandan red colobus. Research has found that both the Ugandan red colobus and the red-tailed monkey are killed less often by crowned eagles than would be expected, based on both monkeys' high abundance in the Kibale National Park. Both monkey species's avoidance of capture has been attributed to their increased defence from forming interspecific associations.
Reproduction.
Sexual maturity in males is reached at 5 years and between 4 and 5 years for females of the Ugandan red colobus. The Gestation period is 5 to 6 months with females having their first infant between 4 and 5 years old. There is no distinct breeding season with infants being born all year round, however during the rainier months a peak in births is seen to coincide with the flush of new leaves for food.
Both males and females initiate copulation. During copulation other group members sometimes harass the pair by making loud calls, lunging at or leaping around or onto the males back. The harassers are usually either adult males in intrasexual competition or juveniles if it is their mother which is copulating.
Conservation status and threats.
The Ugandan red colobus is classified as Endangered on the IUCN Red List. It has this listing because the populations are very fragmented and there is no movement of individuals between populations. The species is also classified as Endangered because the occurrence of all the populations combined is less than 5,000 km2 and this area is at risk of being decreased due to habitat loss and degradation that occurs outside protected areas. The Ugandan red colobus is also listed as Endangered due to there being a decline in numbers, principally due to common chimpanzee predation and habitat loss. Hunting of the Ugandan red colobus by humans is not common and in Kibale, Uganda hunting of all primates was stopped in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="18329480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329480" title="Don Craig">
Don Craig

Donald "Don" Jeremiah Craig Sr. is a fictional character on the television drama "Days of our Lives". He was portrayed by Jed Allan from 1971 until 1985.
Don came to Salem as a successful and wealthy attorney. After fourteen years he went to the mail to post a letter and hasn't been seen since. 

</doc>
<doc id="18329484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329484" title="Table tennis racket">
Table tennis racket

A table tennis racket (also called a "bat" or "paddle") is used by players in the game of table tennis. The "racket" is usually made from laminated wood covered with rubber on one or two sides depending on the grip of the player. In the USA, the term "paddle" is common, in Europe the term is "bat".
Various.
Table tennis regulations allow different surfaces on each side of the racquet. The different types of surfaces provide various levels of spin or speed, or in some cases, nullify spin. For example, a player may have a rubber that provides much spin on one side of his racquet, and no spin on the other side of the racquet. By flipping the racquet in play, different types of returns are possible. To help a player distinguish between different types of rubber used by his opposing player, international rules specify that one side must be red while the other side must be black. The player has the right to inspect his opponent's racquet before a match to see the type of rubber used and what color it is. Despite high speed play and rapid exchanges, a player can see clearly what side of the racquet was used to hit the ball. Current rules state that, unless damaged in play, the racquet cannot be exchanged for another racquet at any time during a match.
The rubber coating may be of pimpled rubber, with the pimples outward, or it may be a rubber that is composed of two materials, a sponge layer, covered by a pimpled rubber, with the pimples pointed inwards or outwards. Some racquets are not covered with rubber at all, because a "naked" racquet is more resistant to a spin. However, it is illegal to use these types of racquet in competition as they are not approved by the ITTF. Some types of rubbers are also not approved. Approved rubbers have the ITTF emblem on the base of the rubber.
Assembling.
Players have many choices and variations in rubber sheets on their racquet. Although a racquet may be purchased with rubber by the manufacturer, most serious tournament players will create a customized racquet. A player selects a blank blade (i.e., a racquet without rubber), based on his or her playing style. The type of wood and synthetic layers used to make up the blade will provide a slower or faster blade. The player can choose from different types of rubber sheets which will provide a certain level of spin, speed and specific playing characteristics.
Glue and gluing.
Normally, a sheet of rubber is glued to a blade using various table tennis brand glues such as Butterfly, Donic, DHS, and many more. However, many players have found that it is acceptable to use glue that isn't designed specifically for table tennis, such as Rubber Cement and Tear Mender. The rubber is not removed until it wears out or becomes damaged. In the 1980s, a new technique was developed where the player would use a special glue called speed glue to apply the rubber every time he played. The glue would help provide more spin and speed by providing a "catapult" effect. This technique is known as "regluing" and became a standard technique for top players until speed gluing was banned in 2008.
Racquet construction and new rubber technology (skilled elite players typically select and attach the rubber to their own racquets and glue them before every match) contribute significantly to the amount of deviation from the expected ball flight path. The fairly recent development of speed glue speeds up the departure of the ball from the rubber considerably, though at the cost of some ball control on touch shots where little or no spin is put on the ball. Speed glue was allowed for the last time in the 2008 Summer Olympics. From the 2012 Summer Olympics on speed glue will be banned at the Olympic games.
Maintaining and protection.
The surface of a racquet will develop a smooth glossy patina with use. The rubber surface needs to be regularly cleaned to ensure it retains a high friction surface to impart spin to the ball. Players use a commercial cleaner, or just water and detergent as cleaning agents.
The rubbers may get severely harmed by the sun.

</doc>
<doc id="18329491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329491" title="La Guardia (band)">
La Guardia (band)

La Guardia is a Spanish pop-rock band. They were especially famous in the late 1980s and early 1990s, although they are still active today (after a hiatus). They have sold more than 2 million records.
History.
The group was founded in Granada in 1983 by Manuel España (voice), Enrique Moreno "Conejo" (bass guitar) and Carlos Gilabert (keyboard), with the initial name of "La guardia del Cardenal Richelieu" ("Cardinal Richelieu's Guard"). They were only teenagers and they adopted this name because they used to rehearse in the afternoons after they watched "Dogtanian and the Three Muskehounds" on TV.
Under this name they released a first single with techno and mod sounds. After this, Gilabert left the band, and Joaquín Almendros (guitar) and Emilio Muñoz (drums) joined it, giving birth to the band's most famous line-up. They moved to Madrid, where the Movida was still ebullient, looking for broader success, and in 1985, they recorded an EP, now as La Guardia, after winning the Villablanca pop-rock festival in the town of Fuengirola.
In 1986 they travelled to London to record their first full album "Noches como esta"; but it's in 1988, with the album "Vámonos", when they achieved major success, thanks mostly to the hugely successful single "Mil calles llevan hacia ti", which reached #1 in the Spanish 40 Principales chart in 1989, and which became the band's signature song. Manuel España said he had written the song while walking through the streets of the Albayzín in Granada to his grandmother's house. "Vámonos" went on to become a multi-platinum album, selling over 250.000 copies, and the band performed on a tour with more than 100 dates.
In 1990 came their second album, "Cuando Brille El Sol", with its same-titled and successful single, which kept them at the top of the Spanish pop-rock scene.
"Al Otro Lado" (1991), "Contra reloj" (1993) and "Acento del sur" (1994) were their next works, all three produced by Dusty Wakeman. The latter was recorded in Los Angeles at Mad Dog Studios. Shortly after this experience, Enrique Moreno died from a coronary disease, and this tragic event ultimately caused the group to disband in 1997.
Later, after he had been working for a few years on another band called Chamaco, España tried to revive La Guardia without the involvement of Almendros, which caused the latter to present two lawsuits. Finally, España won the rights to use the name for his new project and in 2003 he released "Ahora!", an acoustic record produced by Carlos Goñi, from the band Revólver.
In 2007, with a new record company (Vale Music), La Guardia recorded "Sobre ruedas", an album of country-rock sounds, which sold just over 20.000 copies.
In 2008 the band celebrated their 25th anniversary with the album "25 años no es nada", in which Manuel España performed the band's hits with the collaboration of other artists such as La Mari (of Chambao), Álvaro Urquijo, Mikel Erentxun, Ariel Rot or Raimundo Amador.
Notes.
"Much of the content of this article comes from the equivalent Spanish-language Wikipedia article, accessed July 7, 2008."

</doc>
<doc id="18329513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329513" title="Louis Bergaud">
Louis Bergaud

Louis Bergaud (Embrassac de Jabeyrac, 30 November 1928) was a French professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18329517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329517" title="Musgrave family">
Musgrave family

The Musgrave family was a noble family which gained lands in northern England after invading Britain as a follower of William the Conqueror.Not so, Gamel de Musgrave was in England pre Norman conquest. William Camden said that they gained their name from the village of Great Musgrave, where they settled, but Arthur Collins suggested that the name was a variation of the title margrave, meaning march-warden. A branch of the family lived in the mansion of Edenhall whose fortune was assured by a lucky glass beaker which has survived from the 14th century — the Luck of Edenhall. 
Gamel de Musgrave.
Born about 1030. According to "Plantagenet Harrison", the earliest record of him is Gamel, Lord of Musgrave, of the county of Westmorland and divers manors in county Cumberland, living in the time of King Edward the Confessor (1042-1065).
He is the earliest known ancestor of a long line of Musgraves of Northern England from whom descends Cuthbert Musgrave, the first of his family to emigrate to the colonies. Settling in Charles County, Maryland in the 1660s, he is the ancestor of a large number of Musgrave families in the United States.
Wascelinus de Musgrave.
Lord of Musgrave, co. Westmorland, and divers manors, co. Cumberland, living in the time of William the Conqueror and King Henry I, 1066-1135.
Stephen de Musgrave.
Stephen fil. Wascelini, lord of Musgrave in Westmorland, seised of lands in the county of Cumberland temp. Hen. I and King Stephen; *owed the King three marks in silver for a plea, 4 Hen. II (1157).
John de Musgrave.
John de Musgrave, lord of Great and Little Musgrave, in the county of Westmorland, in the time of King Henry II; married Matilda, dau. and coheir of Adam de Carevile, lord of Carevile, co. Cumberland. Two sons: Adam and Walter. A fine was levied, 9 John, touching the division of the manor of Carevile, co. Cumberland, by which it was settled that he and Matilda his wife should have that half of the lands of the said manor towards the north, to hold to them and the heirs of said Matilda; and that the half of the lands of the said manor towards the south, should belong to William the son of Ivette, sister of the said Matilda, to hold to him and his heirs.
Adam de Musgrave.
Adam de Musgrave, lord of Great and Little Musgrave, co. Westmorland, in right of his father's inheritance, and lord of half the manor of Carevile, co. Cumberland, in right of his mother, in the time of King John and Henry III.
Walter de Musgrave.
Living in the time of Henry II. One son, Peter, in suit with Nicholas de Musgrave and Isabella, his wife, by Walter de Morton for trespass at Morton, 53 Hen. III.
Thomas de Musgrave.
Thomas de Musgrave, lord of Great and Little Musgrave, and first-born son of Adam de Musgrave. Was surety for Hugh Paynel in a plea of land, 27 Hen. Ill; sheriff of Westmorland, 36 Hen. Ill; defendant in a plea, at the suit of Master William de Goldington, touching the grinding of corn at the plaintiff's mill at Saundeford, co. Westmorland, 37 Hen. Ill against whom, and Robert fil. Adam de Musgrave his brother, Robert de Askeby claimed lands in Askeby, 40 Hen. Ill; entailed the manor of Musgrave upon his heir male, I Edw. I; claimed against Michael fil. Nicholas de Musgrave, and Robert, William, and Richard, brothers of the said Michael, for cutting down trees at Musgrave, 5 Edw. I; levied a fine to confirm the lease of the third part of the manor and divers lands of Overton, which he had previously given to Richard de Musgrave, and died soon afterwards.
Sir Richard de Musgrave.
Sir Richard de Musgrave, chivaler, to whom his uncle, Thomas de Musgrave, gave lands and the third part of the manor of Overton, by deed dated on Monday next after the feast of St. Mark the Evangelist, 49 Hen. III; 
Sir Richard de Musgrave.
Sir Richard de Musgrave, chivaler, son and heir; 
Sir Robert de Musgrave.
Sir Robert de Musgrave, knt., lord of Musgrave, son and heir; 

</doc>
<doc id="18329525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329525" title="Jagadananda Goswami">
Jagadananda Goswami

Jagadānanda Gosvāmī was a Vaishnava guru of Srngāravata, Vrndāvana. He was initiated by Krishna das Babaji, a famous Govardhana vesa-guru. He himself was the guru of the important Vaishnava leader Jagannatha dasa Babaji.

</doc>
<doc id="18329533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329533" title="2005–06 Maltese First Division">
2005–06 Maltese First Division

The Maltese First Division 2005–06 (known as BOV First Division 2005-06 for sponsorship reasons) started on 10 September 2005 and finished on 14 May 2006. Lija F.C. and St. Patrick F.C. were the teams which were relegated from the Maltese Premier League 2004-05.Tarxien Rainbows and St.Andrews were the promoted teams.St. Georges were the champions and Marsa were the runners-up.Both were promoted to the Premier League.Lija Athletic and St. Andrews were relegated.This was two straight relegations for Lija while St. Andrews were send back down having just been promoted.
Participating teams.
The Maltese First Division 2005–06 was made up of these teams:
Final League Table 2005-06.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = PointsC = Champions; R = Relegated; RP = Relegation playoffs
2005/2006 Results.
"To read this table, the home team is listed in the left-hand column."

</doc>
<doc id="18329537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329537" title="Hollungen">
Hollungen

Hollungen AS is a company that operates passenger ferries in Hvaler, Norway. The ships MF "Hvalerfergen II", MB "Hollungen" og MB "Olava" are used on the route Skjærhalden–Lauer–Herføl–Nedgården–Nordre Sandøy–Gr.sund–Makø–Skjærhalden. The company is owned by Peter Palmer, who bought it when the municipal company Hvaler Båt- og Fergeselskap was privatized and split into Hollungen and Hvaler Fjordcruise in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18329557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329557" title="2007 Scottish Challenge Cup Final">
2007 Scottish Challenge Cup Final

The 2007 Scottish Challenge Cup Final was an association football match between Dunfermline Athletic and St. Johnstone, held on 25 November 2007 at Dens Park in Dundee. It was the 17th final of the Scottish Challenge Cup since it was first organised in 1990 to celebrate the centenary of the Scottish Football League.
St. Johnstone progressed through four knock-out rounds to reach the final whilst Dunfermline Athletic contested only three after receiving a random bye into the second round. The 2007 final was Dunfermline's second appearance in a cup final in six months having lost the previous season's Scottish Cup final in May, however, it was the club's first Challenge Cup final. The match was St. Johnstone's second appearance in the final of the tournament having lost in 1996. The tournament was contested by clubs below the Scottish Premier League with both clubs from the First Division.
St. Johnstone took a 3–0 lead within the first 30 minutes with a penalty kick from Paul Sheerin and goals from Peter MacDonald and Kenny Deuchar. Scott Wilson scored for Dunfermline after 37 minutes to make it 3–1 at half time. In the 70th minute, Stephen Glass scored the final goal of the game for Dunfermline from a penalty to make it 3–2. St. Johnstone's victory was the first time the club had won a national cup trophy in its 123-year history.
Route to the final.
The competition was a knock-out tournament and in 2007 was contested by the 30 teams that played in the First, Second and Third Divisions of the Scottish Football League. The first round draw was split into two geographical regions with 15 teams in each: north/west and south/east. In each regional draw, teams were paired at random and the winner of each match progressed to the next round and the loser was eliminated. Dunfermline Athletic and Partick Thistle received random byes into the second round, at which stage the regional format ended and all remaining teams entered the same draw.
Dunfermline Athletic.
Dunfermline Athletic entered the second round after receiving a bye in the first round draw and faced the First Division club and previous season's runners-up, Clyde, at Broadwood Stadium. Mark Burchill scored first for Dunfermline in the 26th minute with Ruari MacLennan equalising for Clyde one minute into the second half. Owen Morrison scored Dunfermline's second goal after 57 minutes before he and Burchill both scored again to make it 4–1 and win the match.
In the quarter-finals Dunfermline faced Airdrie United, a competitor in the Second Division, away from home at the Excelsior Stadium. The score was goalless at half time but Burchill's two goals in the second half after 54 and 81 minutes respectively sealed a 2–0 win to progress to the semi-finals. With four teams left in the tournament Dunfermline were drawn to play Ayr United, also of the Second Division, at home at East End Park. Similar to the previous round, the scoreline was 0–0 for most of the game before Glass scored a late winner for Dunfermline in the 83rd minute to win 1–0 and send Dunfermline into their first Challenge Cup final.
St. Johnstone.
St. Johnstone entered the north/east section of the first round draw and were paired with Second Division club Raith Rovers away from home at Stark's Park. Paul Sheerin scored the first goal of the game for St. Johnstone in the 13th minute from a penalty kick. The scoreline remained that way until the 89th minute when Andy Tod scored a late equaliser for Raith Rovers to force extra time to be played. The score stayed 1–1 for the 30 minutes of extra time so the winner was decided by a penalty shoot-out, which St. Johnstone won 5–4 to progress to the second round. In the second round St. Johnstone faced the defending champions Ross County, also away from home, at Victoria Park. Kenny Deuchar scored the first goal for St. Johnstone in the 14th minute before Andy Jackson scored the game's only other goal in the 49th minute to secure a 2–0 win and advance to the next round.
St. Johnstone played another Second Division club, Brechin City, at home at McDiarmid Park in the quarter-finals, taking a four-goal lead in the first half: Kenny Deuchar scored twice and Andy Jackson and David Weatherston made it 4–0 shortly before half time. In the second half, Calum Smith pulled a goal back for Brechin City in the 57th minute to make it 4–1 which is how the scored remained and St. Johnstone progressed to the semi-finals. With four teams left in the tournament, St. Johnstone travelled to Cappielow to face fellow First Division club Greenock Morton. Both teams scored early on in the match; Andy Jackson for St. Johnstone in the 10th minute and Brian Graham for Greenock Morton two minutes later to make it 1–1. In the second half, St. Johnstone scored two more goals from Peter MacDonald and Rocco Quinn to win 3–1 and advance to the final for the first time since losing in 1996 to Stranraer.
Pre-match.
Venue.
The 2007 final was hosted at Dens Park in Dundee which had been Dundee F.C.'s home since it was opened in 1889. The match was the first time Dens Park hosted a national cup final since the Scottish League Cup in 1980. St. Johnstone were allocated approximately 4,200 tickets and supporters occupied the Bob Shankly Stand and part of the Main Stand. Dunfermline fans were initially allocated the Bobby Cox Stand, the South Enclosure and the remainder of the Main Stand, but it was decided by the Scottish Football League to leave the South Enclosure unused after Dunfermline returned all tickets for the enclosure due to lack of ticket sales. Dunfermline Athletic travelled around to the venue whereas Perth-based St. Johnstone travelled approximately .
Analysis.
In order to reach the final, Dunfermline played three matches; one at home at East End Park and two away from home. Dunfermline scored seven goals and conceded only one in the rounds before the final, keeping two clean sheets in the process. St. Johnstone contested four matches before the final; one at home at McDiarmid Park and the other three away, scoring ten goals, conceding three and keeping only one clean sheet. both teams were in relatively bad form. St. Johnstone had drawn seven games from thirteen and were nine points behind second placed Dundee; whilst Dunfermline had won only three games in thirteen and were two points off the bottom of the table. The match was the first time the clubs had met in the Challenge Cup, however, they had already played each other twice in the season in the First Division; both matches ended in 0–0 draws.
Three days before the final, St. Johnstone's manager Owen Coyle was announced as the new manager of English Championship club Burnley, and so assistant manager Sandy Stewart was appointed as caretaker manager for the final; he accepted an offer to join Coyle at Burnley after the match.
Match.
First half.
The beginning of the match was dominated by St. Johnstone and after 13 minutes they were awarded a penalty kick by referee Eddie Smith when Dunfermline midfielder Stephen Simmons collided with St. Johnstone's Steven Anderson in the penalty area. Paul Sheerin took the penalty kick and scored beyond Dunfermline's goalkeeper, Paul Gallacher, by hitting the ball into the bottom-left corner of the goal to score his seventh penalty of the season. Just several minutes after the first goal St. Johnstone had an opportunity to score again when Kenny Deuchar had an attempt on goal after a pass from Rocco Quinn; the header beat goalkeeper Gallacher but went just wide of the goalpost. In the 19th minute, however, St. Johnstone did score their second goal when Peter MacDonald struck a left-footed volley from 12 yards out which Dunfermline's goalkeeper Gallacher failed to stop. St. Johnstone's early dominance coupled with Dunfermline's poor defending resulted in St. Johnstone scoring a third goal after only 30 minutes; forward Andy Jackson passed the ball to Derek McInnes who then played the ball to Deuchar who moved past defender Sol Bamba in the penalty area and scored past the opposing goalkeeper from eight yards out to make it 3–0. Four minutes after the third goal, Dunfermline manager Stephen Kenny made the first substitution of the match, replacing defender Calum Woods with Darren Young. In the 37th minute, shortly after the substitution, Dunfermline scored when Scott Wilson's header beat St. Johnstone goalkeeper Alan Main. Dunfermline's form changed for the better after their first goal and they almost scored again just before half time when substitute Young's goal-attempt rebounded off the goalpost.
Second half.
Only 40 seconds into the second half, Quinn almost restored St. Johnstone's 3-goal advantage but his attempt on goal rebounded off the goalpost despite beating the goalkeeper. In the 59th minute, Dunfermline defender Danny Murphy was the first player to be cautioned by the referee, receiving a yellow card for bringing Quinn to the ground whilst tackling for the ball. In the 64th minute, Dunfermline made their second substitution; Michael McGlinchey was replaced by Jim Hamilton and he had an almost immediate impact on the match, earning a penalty kick after being pushed by Anderson. Referee Smith initially awarded a free kick on the edge of the penalty area but changed his mind amid complaints from Dunfermline players and awarded a penalty kick instead. Stephen Glass took the penalty kick, hitting the ball past goalkeeper Main into the top corner of the goal to make the score 3–2. Dunfermline continued to pressure for an equalising goal and almost did so when St. Johnstone defender Goran Stanić nearly scored an own goal after mis-hitting the ball but it rebounded off the crossbar. Despite Dunfermline's late improvement in form, St. Johnstone held on to win the match and claim the first national cup trophy in their 123-year existence.
Post-match.
After the match, St. Johnstone caretaker manager Sandy Stewart declared his interest in becoming the permanent manager but admitted he had already been offered the job as assistant manager to Owen Coyle at Burnley, which he later confirmed. Reflecting on his decision to go to Burnley, Stewart mentioned: "It was a tricky decision... but, football-wise, I just felt it was too good an opportunity to turn down." Dunfermline manager Stephen Kenny praised his team's efforts after the game but admitted that poor defending had resulted in the defeat. Kenny was sacked as manager a week later due to continuing poor league results and was replaced by player Jim McIntyre.

</doc>
<doc id="18329565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329565" title="Frantz Lender">
Frantz Lender

Frantz Lender () (12 April (24 April) 1881 - 14 September 1927) was a Russian and Soviet weapons designer.

</doc>
<doc id="18329568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329568" title="Bad Idea">
Bad Idea

BAD IDEA is a British general interest magazine.
Overview.
BAD IDEA was founded in September 2006 by journalists Jack Roberts and Daniel Stacey, both of whom were students at a magazine production class run by Clay Felker, the founder of New York Magazine, at the University of California.
BAD IDEA is known for its feature stories, which are often written in the first person. These have included insider accounts of life as a ‘honeytrapper’ – a private detective sent to ensnare potentially unfaithful husbands; an expose of Dubai’s sex trade; an investigation into the growth of ‘Web 2.0’ sex dating sites; and a feature following Iraq’s Kurds, as they search for DNA evidence of Saddam Hussein’s ‘Anfal’ genocide. 
In May 2008, Portico Books released BAD IDEA – The Anthology, a paperback collection of writing from the magazine’s first two years. The magazine was described in a small review of the book published in the Observer as having ‘…hacked itself a niche as a Granta for the MySpace generation’, and the book received 4/5 stars in the Independent on Sunday, where it was said to be '… a great selection of work’.
Contributors.
Jonas Bendiksen (photographer)
Lowell Bergman (journalist)
Billy Briggs (journalist)
Ron Butlin (novelist)
Sarah M. Broom (writer)
Neal Fox (artist)
Niven Govinden (novelist)
Robert Greene (author)
Xiaolu Guo (novelist)
Jean Hannah Edelstein (journalist)
Edward-Hogan Edward Hogan (novelist)
Alyssa McDonald (journalist)
Martyn McLaughlin (journalist)
Sebastian Meyer (photographer)
Mil Millington (novelist)
Patrick Neate (novelist)
Nicholas Royle (novelist)
Sorious Samura (journalist)
Joe Stretch (novelist/musician)
Simon Wheatley (photographer)

</doc>
<doc id="18329570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329570" title="Haïm Brezis">
Haïm Brezis

Haïm Brezis (born June 1, 1944) is a French mathematician who works in functional analysis and partial differential equations.
Biography.
Born in Riom-ès-Montagnes, Cantal, France. Brezis is the son of a Romanian immigrant father, who came to France in the 1930s, and a Jewish mother who fled from Holland. His wife, Michal Govrin, a native Israeli, works as a novelist, poet, and theater director. Brezis received his Ph.D. from the University of Paris in 1972 under the supervision of Gustave Choquet. He is currently a Professor at the Pierre and Marie Curie University and a Visiting Distinguished Professor at Rutgers University. He is a member of the Academia Europaea (1988) and a foreign associate of the United States National Academy of Sciences (2003). In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society. He holds honorary doctorates from several universities.

</doc>
<doc id="18329572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329572" title="Neil Curtis">
Neil Curtis

Neil Curtis was a fictional character on the television drama "Days of our Lives". He was portrayed by Joseph Gallison from February 13, 1974 to October 16, 1991.
Neil was a doctor and a compulsive gambler.
He was last seen talking about Carly with Victor; then Neil said he was leaving because he had patients to see. The character then disappeared without explanation. 

</doc>
<doc id="18329587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329587" title="Hvaler Båt- og Fergeselskap">
Hvaler Båt- og Fergeselskap

Hvaler Båt- og Fergeselskap AS is a defunct municipal company that operated the ferries in Hvaler, Norway. Founded in 1893, it was owned by the municipality until 2001 when it was privatized and sold to Glommen Bulk, that again split the company into Hvaler Fjordcruise and Hollungen in 2004. Hvaler Båt- og Fergeselskap operated from the municipal center of Skjærhalden with routes to Lauer, Herføl, Nedgården, Nordre Sandøy, Gr.sund and Makø as well as Strømstad in Sweden. Prior to the Hvaler Tunnel opening in 1989 it also operated the Skjærhalden–Hvaler Ferry.

</doc>
<doc id="18329589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329589" title="Grigori Abrikosov">
Grigori Abrikosov

Grigori Andreyevich Abrikosov (; 30 August 1932, Moscow – 13 April 1993) was a Soviet theatre and film actor. Son of Andrei Abrikosov.

</doc>
<doc id="18329603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329603" title="Ernst Killander">
Ernst Killander

Ernst Killander (1882-1958), a Swedish Major in the First World War, was one of the people who made the sport of orienteering popular in Scandinavian countries.

</doc>
<doc id="18329607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329607" title="Alkanet">
Alkanet

Alkanet is the common name of several related plants in the borage family (Boraginaceae):

</doc>
<doc id="18329618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329618" title="Dogger (boat)">
Dogger (boat)

The dogger was a form of fishing boat, described as early as the fourteenth century, that commonly operated in the North Sea. Originally single masted, in the seventeenth century, doggers were used with two masts. They were largely used for fishing for cod by rod and line. Dutch boats were common in the North Sea, and the word "dogger" was given to the rich fishing grounds where they often fished, which became known as the Dogger Bank. The sea area in turn gave its name to the later design of boat that commonly fished that area, and so became associated with this specific design rather than the generic Dutch trawlers.
Design.
The dogger was a development of the ketch. It was gaff-rigged on the main-mast, and carried a lugsail on the mizzen, with two jibs on a long bowsprit. The boats were generally short, wide-beamed and small, and carried out trawling or lining fishing on the Dogger Bank. The name dogger was practically synonymous with ketch from the early seventeenth century, until the ketch began to increase in size during the period, eventually rising above 50 tons in the middle of the century.
Doggers were considerably smaller vessels in comparison, usually displacing around 13 tonnes, and carrying around a tonne of bait, three tonnes of salt, and half a tonne each of food and firewood for the crew. Around six tonnes of fish could therefore be carried. They would generally have been around 15 metres long, with a maximum beam of 4.5 metres, and a draught of about 1.5 metres. They had a rudder rather than a steering oar and high sides. A decked area forward probably provided limited accommodation for the crew, as well as a storage and cooking area, with a similar area aft. There would have been two small anchors, and one main anchor to allow for extended periods fishing in the same spot, in waters up to 18 metres deep. The dogger would also have carried a small open boat to maintain the lines and row ashore.
Significance.
Doggers were slow but sturdy vessels, capable of fishing in the rough conditions of the North Sea. Some doggers were even used as military vessels, and fitted with cannon. The Royal Navy was one such operator, using doggers as support vessels during the seventeenth century. They could also be used for short trading voyages, ranging into the English Channel. In 1658, during the English Civil War, the Parliamentary commander of the ship "Andrew", a man named W. Batten, wrote to his superior Sir, I believe the castle of Pendennis will not be long out of our hands; a dogger boat with four guns I have taken, whereof one Kedgwin of Penzant was captain, a notable active knave against the Parliament, and had the King's commission; and now would fain be a merchant man, and was balasted with salt and had divers letters in her for Pendennis castle...

</doc>
<doc id="18329641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329641" title="Miraziz Jalalov">
Miraziz Jalalov

Miraziz Jalalov (born 22 January 1992 in Tashkent) is an Uzbekistani football striker, playing for Uzbek League side Bunyodkor.
Jalalov became Bunyodkor's youngest ever player to appear and score a goal in the Uzbek League when he made his professional debut at age 15 in November 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18329664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329664" title="Krishna das Babaji">
Krishna das Babaji

Kṛṣṇa dāsa Bābājī Mahārāja (18th century), often Romanized Krishna das Babaji or similar, was a Vaishnava guru from Govardhana. His birth name is Batakṛṣṇa Kanango, and he is popularly known as Siddha Baba of Govardhana.
His father was Sanatana Kanango, of kanana caste. His mother was Jari, daughter of Mangaraja. He was taught bhajan by Vaishnava Carana dasa Babaji, from the lineage of Narottama Dasa.
He initiated Jagadananda Goswami and Madhusudana dasa Babaji. A festival is held on April 25 to commemorate his disappearance.

</doc>
<doc id="18329669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329669" title="Bondelswarts affair">
Bondelswarts affair

The Bondelswarts affair was a controversial violent incident in South Africa's League of Nations Mandate of South West Africa.
In 1917, the South African mandatory administration had created a tax on dogs, and increased it in 1921. The tax was rejected by the Bondelswarts, a group of Khoikhoi, who were opposed to various policies of the new administration. They were also protecting five men for whom arrest warrants had been issued.
There is disagreement over the details of the dispute, but according to historian Neta Crawford, "most agree that in May 1922 the Bondelswarts prepared to fight, or at least to defend themselves, and the mandatory administration moved to crush what they called a rebellion of 500 to 600 people, of which 200 were said to be armed (although only about 40 weapons were captures after the Bondelswarts were crushed).
Gysbert Hofmeyr, the Mandatory Administrator, organized in 400 armed men, and sent in aircraft to bomb the Bondelswarts. Casualties included 100 Bondelswart deaths, including a few women and children. A further 468 men were either wounded or taken prisoner. 

</doc>
<doc id="18329672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329672" title="Dmitriy Kuzin">
Dmitriy Kuzin

Dmitriy Kuzin (born 11 July 1979) is an Uzbekistani football striker.
Kuzin previously held the distinction of being Bunyodkor's youngest ever player to appear in the Uzbek League when he made his professional debut at age 16, until Miraziz Jalalov debuted at age 15 in November 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18329679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329679" title="USS C. W. Morse (ID-1966)">
USS C. W. Morse (ID-1966)

USS "C. W. Morse" (ID 1966) was a paddle wheel steamer built in 1903, which was leased by the U.S. Navy for service during World War I. She served as a receiving ship in New York harbor during the war. Post-war she was decommissioned and returned to her former owner.
A Hudson River steamer.
"C. W. Morse" (No. 1966) was a 4307 gross ton paddle-wheel river passenger steamship which the Navy chartered during World War I. She was built in 1903 at Wilmington, Delaware, for commercial employment on the Hudson River, New York.
World War I service.
On 12 December 1917 she was chartered by the Navy and placed in service as "C.W. Morse" (ID # 1966) in the 3d Naval District in the New York City area as a receiving ship. She was returned to her owner on 10 February 1919.
Post-war decommissioning.
After World War I era use, she was returned to her owners in February 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18329681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329681" title="First Baptist Academy of Dallas">
First Baptist Academy of Dallas

First Baptist Academy of Dallas (commonly FBA) is a Biblically-integrated, college preparatory school located in Downtown Dallas, Texas.
FBA is in the city center district with easy access to the arts district and the West End historic district enabling students to use the Dallas Museum of Art, the Nasher Sculpture Center, the Dallas Center for the Performing Arts, the Morton H. Meyerson Symphony Center, and the Dallas World Aquarium as extended classrooms.
Neighborhoods served.
FBA students converge on the downtown campus from 110 different zip codes in the Dallas area. DART light rail and bus stops are conveniently located within two blocks of the FBA downtown campus.
Neighborhoods close to the FBA campus include downtown Dallas, Victory Park, Uptown, the Oak Lawn area, Cityplace, Bryan Place, and the Cedars.
Mission.
"First Baptist Academy exists to glorify God through the development and discipleship of the next generation of Christian scholars."
School.
FBA's student body is organized in three schools and is 29% diverse." The lower school (grades K-4) represents approximately 31% of the student population and the middle school (grades 5-8) represents 28%. The upper school (grades 9-12) has an average class size of 17 students and represents approximately 41% of the student polulation.
FBA Honors courses include: English, Algebra, Geometry, Pre-Calculus, Math Analysis, French III, Spanish III, Biology, Chemistry, Physics, Forensic Science, World History, Art III, and Theater Arts II. Advanced Placement courses include: Biology, Calculus, English Literature and Composition.
FBA also offers a diverse fine arts curriculum including choir, band, studio art, theatre, journalism, photography and pottery.
Students graduating from FBA in 2009 were accepted to 25 colleges and universities in the state of Texas and 41 outside the state of Texas." Acceptances included private Christian universities such as Baylor University, Belmont University, Biola University, Dallas Baptist University, John Brown University, Oklahoma Baptist University, Pepperdine University, and Samford University; specialty colleges such as the Savannah College of Art and Design; and major universities such as Auburn University, Clemson University, Texas A&M University, Texas Tech University, University of Alabama, University of Colorado at Boulder, University of Florida, University of Georgia, University of Oklahoma, University of Southern California, and the University of Texas at Austin.
FBA is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and the Accrediting Commission of the Texas Association of Baptist Schools.
Athletics.
The Saints Athletic Complex is located at 7894 Samuel Blvd, just east of downtown Dallas off I-30 and the Loop 12/Buckner exit.
FBA competes in TAPPS 4A and fields teams in the following sports.
Fall Sports
Winter Sports
Spring Sports
The Lil' Saints (grades K-6) compete in Town North YMCA leagues and field teams in football, cheerleading, soccer, basketball, baseball and volleyball.
The Saints varsity football team claimed its first TAPPS Division III Championship in 2013.
Service.
FBA students participate in OnMission, an initiative designed to move students beyond a simple awareness of God’s story and into actively contributing to the story. Through participation in local, state, and world mission activities, FBA OnMission is designed to help students develop their God-given desire to live in the story."

</doc>
<doc id="18329682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329682" title="Hvaler Fjordcruise">
Hvaler Fjordcruise

Hvaler Fjordcruise AS is a company that operates a passenger ferry between Skjærhalden in Hvaler, Norway to Strømstad, Sweden. The company was founded after the privatization of Hvaler Båt- og Fergeselskap in 2001, and operates one ship, MS "Vesleø II".

</doc>
<doc id="18329713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329713" title="Pilley, Hampshire">
Pilley, Hampshire

Pilley is a small village in the civil parish of Boldre, in the New Forest national park in Hampshire, England. Pilley is located 2 miles north of the port of Lymington.
Overview.
Pilley is a village located just east of the village of Boldre, in Hampshire. At the west end of the village is as Pilley Hill and at the east end is Bull Hill. The northern part of the village is known as Pilley Bailey. Pilley is home to Boldre War Memorial Hall, and an Anglican chapel dedicated to Saint Nicholas. The village also has a primary school (named after William Gilpin), and a pre-school.
The village has one inn called the Fleur de Lys. The inn claims to be the oldest in the New Forest, and to have been serving drinks since 1096. A list of landlords going back to 1498 is viewable by the entrance.
History.
Pilley is listed three times in the Domesday Book of 1086. Before 1066 the lands had been held by Edric, Alfric Small, and Algar. By 1086, much of the land had been taken into the New Forest with the exception of some land held by Alfric Small and Hugh de Quintin. By 1316 the Pilley family were established here, as Roger de Pilley appears as joint owner with John de Wereburn of the vill of Pilley. During the 15th century record is found of small estates held by various families, and in 1505 the manor was in the possession of Roger Filey, who left as heir a niece Joan, aged nine years. In 1547 John Filey sold the manor to John Mill. It remained in the Mill family into the 17th century, but it then passed through various hands until the late 18th century, when the manorial rights probably lapsed.

</doc>
<doc id="18329724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329724" title="List of Texas Rangers managers">
List of Texas Rangers managers

The Rangers are an American baseball franchise based in Arlington, Texas. They are members of the American League West division. The Rangers franchise was formed in 1961, then called the Washington Senators, as a member of the American League. In its 47-year history, the Texas Rangers baseball franchise of Major League Baseball's American League has employed 23 managers. The duties of the team manager include team strategy and leadership on and off the field.
Mickey Vernon became the first manager of the Texas Rangers in 1961, serving for just over two seasons. Bobby Valentine has managed more games and seasons than any other coach in Rangers history. Before 2010, the only Rangers manager to have led the team to the playoffs was Johnny Oates, who also won the 1996 Manager of the Year Award with the Rangers. Ted Williams is the only Rangers manager to have been inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame; Whitey Herzog, who was elected to the Hall in 2009 and will be inducted in July 2010, will become the only Rangers manager to earn induction as a manager (Williams was inducted for his playing career).
In 1963, manager Mickey Vernon was fired and replaced by interim manager Eddie Yost. One game later, Yost was replaced by Gil Hodges. In 1973, Whitey Herzog was replaced by Del Wilber. One game later, Billy Martin took over the role of manager. In 1975, Frank Lucchesi took over for Martin in midseason, who in turn was replaced by Eddie Stanky. After six games, Connie Ryan could not finish the season, so Billy Hunter took over the role of manager, only to be fired with one game to go in the 1978 season and replaced by Pat Corrales. In 1982, Don Zimmer was fired as Rangers manager but continued to run the team for three more games before being replaced by Darrell Johnson. Rangers owner Eddie Chiles said the poor play of the Rangers had nothing to do with Zimmer's firing but was instead 'something personal'. In 1985, after Doug Rader led the Rangers to (exact number of seasons) losing seasons, he was replaced by Bobby Valentine, who in turn was replaced by Toby Harrah during midseason. In 2001, Johnny Oates's poor performance forced the Rangers to hire Jerry Narron as his replacement during midseason. The current manager of the Texas Rangers is Ron Washington, who has managed the team since 2007.
Key.
</noinclude>
Managers.
"Note: Statistics are correct as of the end of the 2012 MLB season."

</doc>
<doc id="18329751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329751" title="Anvar Rajabov">
Anvar Rajabov

Anvar Rajabov (uz: Анвар Ражабов), born 23 January 1988, is an Uzbekistani football striker who currently plays for Pakhtakor in Uzbek League.
Rajabov played for FC Bunyodkor in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stage.

</doc>
<doc id="18329752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329752" title="Partnership for Public Service">
Partnership for Public Service

The Partnership for Public Service is a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization based in Washington, D.C. whose mission is to inspire a new generation of civil servants and transform the way government works.
Two of the Partnership’s most visible programs are the Samuel J. Heyman Service to America Medals, which honor outstanding federal employees for exceptional civil service, and the Best Places to Work in the Federal Government Rankings, an annual survey that ranks federal agencies based on employee satisfaction. The Partnership is led by President and CEO Max Stier.
History.
The Partnership was founded by New York businessman Samuel J. Heyman in 2001 on the premise that: “Building, energizing and maintaining a high-quality workforce is the key to success for any organization — and the federal government is no different”. Heyman founded the group in 2001 with a gift of $25-million. In 2006, he committed an additional $20-million over the next five years.
Heyman began his career at the Justice Department under Robert F. Kennedy after graduating from Harvard Law in 1963. Many years after his move into the private sector, Heyman created the Partnership in an effort to reestablish public service as a desirable career and to attract talent into the federal workforce.
In 2005, the Partnership merged with the Private Sector Council — an organization founded by David Packard in 1983, which engages the expertise of the private sector to improve the business of government by connecting experts from America’s top corporations with federal leaders.
In February 2009, the Partnership absorbed the majority of the Council for Excellence in Government, another D.C. based good-government group who had ceased operations after 25 years due to the poor economy. The Partnership took over the Excellence in Government Fellows, Strategic Advisors to Government Executives and Public Service Recognition Week programs from the Council.
Programs/Initiatives.
Call to Serve.
Call to Serve is a joint initiative of the Partnership for Public Service and the U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM). It is a national network of more than 700 colleges and universities and 75 federal agencies committed to educating young people about federal job and internship opportunities. Call to Serve works to eliminate barriers to federal service through various training programs, speaker presentations, federal internships and fellowship programs and other resources.
Call to Serve activities include:
FedExperience and FedRecruit.
FedExperience works with baby boomers who are approaching retirement or who are already retired and helps them to enter the federal civil service for an "encore" career. The program also works with federal agencies to help them recruit, hire and retain experienced talent.
FedRecruit is a pilot project focusing on the recruitment, hiring and onboarding of entry-level talent in mission-critical occupations, such as contracting, information technology and nursing.
The Samuel J. Heyman Service to America Medals.
The Samuel J. Heyman Service to America Medals (Sammies) awards program honors outstanding federal employees who have made significant contributions to address the country's most important challenges. Service to America Medals have gone to public servants with achievements in fighting nuclear terrorism, cancer research, weapons technology, nuclear waste cleanup, foreign affairs, public housing, and helping wounded soldiers use technology to re-enter the workforce through the world’s largest electronics accommodations program.
Public Service Recognition Week.
Celebrated since 1985, Public Service Recognition Week (PSRW) is designated by the President and Congress the first full week of May to honor the men and women who serve the nation as federal, state, county and local government employees and to educate citizens about the ways in which government serves the people. PSRW includes events and activities across the country. PRSW formerly also included a four-day exhibition on the National Mall. However, the 2011 United States federal budget (), which was belatedly enacted on April 15, 2011, contained no funding for that year's event, forcing the event's cancellation.
Center for Government Leadership.
The Center for Government Leadership (CGL) offers training programs for federal employees to "prepare federal leaders to solve national challenges by driving innovation, inspiring employees and delivering results."
Current CGL activities include:
Best Places to Work.
The Partnership’s Best Places to Work report is a ranking of federal government organizations, drawing on the U.S. Office of Personnel Management’s Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey of more than 200,000 executive branch employees.
Strategic Advisors to Government Executives.
Strategic Advisors to Government Executives (SAGE) connects senior-level executives in government with their predecessors and private-sector counterparts to improve performance of government leadership. SAGE activities currently involve Chief Acquisition Officers, Chief Financial Officers Chief Information Officers.
Advocacy Efforts.
The Partnership's government affairs efforts encourage congressional oversight and legislative reform to improve federal workforce management. The Partnership testifies frequently on Capitol Hill and has supported legislation to improve the civil service, including the Chief Human Capital Officers Act that established senior human capital leaders in major federal agencies, the scholarship-for-service Roosevelt Scholars Act, and the Federal Hiring Process Improvement Act.
Partnership and The Washington Post.
The Partnership collaborates with The Washington Post to produce several features within the Post's print and online editions. Fed Faces and Federal Players are "profiles of little-known federal workers who have left a big impact" and appear weekly. The Partnership and The Washington Post also launched a new section within its On Leadership page called The Federal Coach, which is a three-times-a-week federal leadership column and blog hosted by Tom Fox, director of the Partnership's Center for Government Leadership.
External Stakeholders.
Many of the Partnership's programs are made possible through foundation support. Notable examples include the Annenberg Foundation, which has funded the Annenberg Leadership Seminars, Annenberg Speakers Bureau and other projects. The Partnership works with other philanthropic foundations that focus on public service issues such as the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, the Peterson Foundation, and Atlantic Philanthropies, among others.
In addition, the Partnership receives support from many private-sector companies who sponsor programs, projects and events. National sponsors for the 2009 Sammies included GEICO, DuPont and the Graduate School. The Partnership also works with corporate partners on its many research projects. In 2009, the Partnership and Booz Allen Hamilton collaborated to produce reports analyzing the challenges facing the federal cybersecurity workforce and examining the state of the Senior Executive Service. Monster Government Solutions and Aon Consulting provided support for the Partnership's Where the Jobs Are 2009 report.

</doc>
<doc id="18329779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329779" title="Knox Basketball Inc">
Knox Basketball Inc

Knox Basketball was established in 1965 to provide youth from the City of Knox with a sporting and social infrastructure to develop and promote personal, team and social skills in a sporting environment. Founded by Alf Stevens, Alice Jago and Heather Kemp it began as an after school competition at the Mossfield Avenue Facility, Ferntree Gully in 1974. In 1980 its headquarters moved to the 3 court facility in Park Crescent at Boronia which was expanded to six courts in 1989.
In 2007 it was awarded the Basketball Australia "2007 Best Large Association Award".
Representative teams.
The representative arm of the Association is the Knox Raiders with 38 junior teams competing in the Victorian Junior Basketball League (VJBL), a men and women's team in the South East Australian Basketball League (SEABL), men and women's team in the youth league competition that is run by Big V, and a team in the Women's National Wheelchair Basketball League (WNWBL).
Domestic teams.
Knox Basketball is home to a thriving junior domestic competition, with seventeen clubs fielding boys and girls teams from Under 8s to Under 23s at venues throughout the City of Knox and surrounding areas. It also hosts a large senior domestic competition which runs throughout the week.

</doc>
<doc id="18329783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329783" title="Shavkat Salomov">
Shavkat Salomov

Shavkat Salomov (born 13 November 1985) is an Uzbekistani football striker. Her currently plays for Zhetysu in Kazakhstan Premier League and has represented Uzbekistan national football team.
Career.
In February 2013 he moved to Zhetysu, after playing 6 seasons for Bunyodkor. On 9 March 2013 Salomov in his debut match in Kazakhstan Premier League against Kairat, ended with draw 3:3, scored his first goal for club.
International.
Salomov made two appearances for the national team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="18329786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329786" title="Steinkjerbuss">
Steinkjerbuss

Steinkjerbuss AS is a bus company that operates in Steinkjer, Norway on contract with Nord-Trøndelag county municipality. It operates eighteen buses, including both school buses, scheduled buses and the city bus Buster. It also provides chartered buses. The company was founded in 1998 as a merger between seven smaller bus companies in Steinkjer.

</doc>
<doc id="18329793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329793" title="Madhusudana dasa Babaji">
Madhusudana dasa Babaji

Madhusudana dasa Babaji was a Vaishnava. He was born to a Kulina family. He was initiated by Krishna dasa Babaji, and he himself initiated Jagannatha dasa Babaji as a Babaji.

</doc>
