<doc id="18245829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18245829" title="Tohoku University of Community Service and Science">
Tohoku University of Community Service and Science

History.
The Tohoku University of Community Service and Science was established in 2001 by the prefectural government of Yamagata Prefecture, and 14 municipalities in the Shonai region of northwestern Yamagata, with the assistance of Keio University in Tokyo. A graduate program was established in 2005 and a research institute in 2006. A doctoral program was established in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18245888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18245888" title="Apsilocephalidae">
Apsilocephalidae

Apsilocephalidae is a family of flies in the superfamily Asiloidea. The family was proposed in 1991.
Apsilocephalidae are close relatives (sister group) of Therevidae distinguishable by genitalic characters.There are three living and two fossil genera.
Therevoid clade 

</doc>
<doc id="18245897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18245897" title="Tohoku University of Art and Design">
Tohoku University of Art and Design

History.
Established in April 1992 by the governments of Yamagata Prefecture and Yamagata City, the Tohoku University of Art and Design is the first venture of its kind in Japan where a university built with funds by the government has been turned over to be operated as an entirely private university.

</doc>
<doc id="18245913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18245913" title="Inna Zubkovskaya">
Inna Zubkovskaya

Inna Zubkovskaya (29 November 1923 – 5 February 2001) was a Russian ballerina. She was trained at the Bolshoi School and graduated in 1941. She immediately joined the Kirov Ballet where she remained until her retirement in 1970. According to Meisner, "her flawless technique, allied to a sensitive reticence, fitted the Maryinsky's elegant purity and they invited her to join". She was half-Jewish with an exceptional, dark-eyed beauty - earning the nickname the Black Pearl. She then became a teacher of the company until her death. She married twice: first to Nicolai Zubkovsky - whose name she kept for the stage - before divorcing him and marrying Sviatoslav Kusnetsov. Both her husbands were dancers. and her daughter, Katerina, and her son, Nikolai, both became dancers in the Maryinsky.
Zubkovskaya was unusual as she was a Kirov dancer with a Bolshoi background. This arose as she was evacuated to Perm, a wartime haven for Soviet artists and arts institutions, where she joined the Kirov Ballet. She danced many major roles of the classical repertory, including Odette/Odile in "Swan Lake", Nikiya in "La Bayadere", Kitri in "Don Quixote", the Lilac Fairy in "The Sleeping Beauty" and the title role of "La Esmeralda".
The roles she created include the classic role of "Phrygia" in Leonid Jacobson's version of "Spartacus" in 1956 and "Mekhmene-Banu" in Yuri Grigorovich's "Legend of Love" in 1961. Jacobson also made "Shuraleh" for her and she scored an enormous success in his "Choreographic Miniatures", dancing the "Eternal Idol", based on a Rodin sculpture.
Zubkovskaya did not dance frequently in the West, although in 1961 when the Kirov made its first appearances outside Russia, she was the first-cast Odette-Odile in "Swan Lake" and was partnered by Vladilen Semyonov. She opened the New York season in that role at the Metropolitan Opera House on 11 September 1961. Other notable roles included the "Lilac Fairy" in "The Sleeping Beauty" and as the "Mistress of the Copper Mountain" in Grigorovich's "The Stone Flower". Zubkovskaya and her second husband, Sviatoslav Kusnetsov, played the title roles in the Russian film "Aleko" which was released in 1953. She was awarded the Stalin Prize in 1951, among other honours.
She coached many famous dancers during her teaching career, including: Altynai Asylmutova, Larissa Lezhnina, Elvira Terasova, and Veronica Part.

</doc>
<doc id="18245949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18245949" title="North Asia University">
North Asia University

History.
The school opened as Akita Keizai University in 1964. It changed its name to Akita Keizaihoka University in 1983. The present name was adopted in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18245974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18245974" title="Akita University of Nursing and Welfare">
Akita University of Nursing and Welfare


</doc>
<doc id="18245980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18245980" title="Alexander Mackenzie of Kintail">
Alexander Mackenzie of Kintail

Alexander Mackenzie (before 1436 - after 1471), known as “Ionraic” (or “the Upright”), traditionally counted as 6th of Kintail, was the first chief of the Clan Mackenzie of whom indisputable contemporary documentary evidence survives. During his long life, he greatly expanded his clan’s territories and influence.
Sources.
There is little authority for the existence and life of Alexander which pre-dates the (frequently unreliable) clan histories written in the 17th century. MS 1467, a 15th-century genealogy, demonstrates that the Mackenzies were by then already recognised as a family of long standing, but does not refer to Alexander himself.
The historicity of Alexander was for a long time based on two alleged charters in his favour dated 1463 and 1477. J.R.N. Macphail KC cast doubt on these:
According to Mr. P. J. Anderson (Scots Peerage, vol. vii. p. 497) he had a charter of Killin and other lands from the Earl of Ross in 1463, and a crown charter in 1477 of Strathconan and other lands forfeited by the Earl. But the authority cited is only an Inventory of the Allangrange Papers. He does not appear in the Register of the Great Seal or other public records.
However, the inventory recording the charter of 1463 (a list of the charters in the possession of Colin Mackenzie, 1st Earl of Seaforth) has been in existence since about 1627 and its authenticity is implicitly accepted by Aonghas MacCoinnich. In any event, although the existence and terms of these two charters may be doubtful, it is established that “Alexander McKennye de Kintail” did witness a charter executed by John of Islay, Earl of Ross at Dingwall in 1471.
He also appears in a papal marriage dispensation dated 13 September 1465, which was granted to his son, who was styled as “Kenneth, son of Alexander, family of Kenneth”. In the following year, Alexander himself sought dispensation in terms which recorded that he had been married to "Catherine, daughter of John, son of Ranald" for about thirty years and that they had offspring.
Early life.
According to the traditional clan genealogy, Mackenzie was the son of Murdoch Mackenzie (5th of Kintail) and Finguala, daughter of Malcolm Macleod of Harris.
He was allegedly among the Western barons summoned to Inverness in 1427 to meet King James, who promptly seized them on arrival, executing some and imprisoning others. The king sent Mackenzie, then a mere youth, to the High School at Perth, regarded at that time as the principal literary seminary in Scotland. According to traditional histories of the Clan Macrae, he was prevailed upon by Fionnla Dubh mac Gillechriosd to return from school in order to deal with three illegitimate uncles, who were disturbing his tenants in Kinlochewe.
Downfall of the Lord of the Isles.
In the long-running conflict between the Lord of the Isles and the Scottish crown, Mackenzie chose the side of the latter. The course of events, as they affected Mackenzie, is allegedly summarised in the two charters in his favour which are referred to above. On 7 January 1463, Mackenzie received a charter from John of Islay, Earl of Ross, confirming him in his lands of Kintail, with a further grant of the "5 merk lands of Killin, the lands of Garve, and the 2 merk lands of Coryvulzie, with the three merk lands of Kinlochluichart, and 2 merk lands of Ach-na-Clerich , the 2 merk lands of Garbat, the merk lands of Delintan, and the 4 merk lands of Tarvie, all lying within the shire and Earldom of Ross, to be holden of the said John and his successors, Earls of Ross."
However, in 1462, John of Islay had over-reached himself by entering into a treacherous agreement with Edward IV of England and Mackenzie later played a significant part in the negotiations between John of Islay and James III that led to the former’s surrender of the Earldom of Ross in 1476. Mackenzie was rewarded in 1477 with a charter from the Crown to some of the lands renounced by the Earl of Ross, namely Strathconan, Strathbraan, and Strathgarve, and was confirmed in his lands in Kintail. It was probably at this point that Mackenzie moved his family's chief residence from Eilean Donan in Kintail to Kinellan Castle, near Strathpeffer. After this the Barons of Kintail held all their lands quite independently of any superior but the Crown.
At some point between 1485 and 1491, Mackenzie’s son Kenneth led the Mackenzies to victory over Alexander Macdonald of Lochalsh at the Battle of Blar-na-Pairc. This battle may be regarded as a seal upon the rise of the Mackenzies at the expense of their former Macdonald overlords.
Earldom of Ross.
The Earl of Sutherland had been on friendly terms with Mackenzie, and appointed him as his deputy in the management of the Earldom of Ross, which devolved on him after the forfeiture. On one occasion, the Earl of Sutherland being in the south at Court, the Strathnaver men and the men of the Braes of Caithness took advantage of his absence and invaded Sutherland. It is said that an account of their conduct soon spread abroad, and reached the ears of the Chief of Kintail, who at once with a party of six hundred men, passed into Sutherland, where, the Earl's followers having joined him, he defeated the invaders, killed a large number of them, forced the remainder to sue for peace, and compelled them to give substantial security for their peaceful behaviour in future.
The Earl of Cromartie said:
Other clan disputes.
Mackenzie also involved himself in the affairs of his neighbours. According to the Earl of Cromartie, he intervened to assist Allan Macdonald of Moidart (with whom he had previously been at loggerheads) against Allan’s brother, who had usurped some of the Moydart estates, and there are also traditional accounts of his involvement in about 1452 in the Battle of Bealach nam Broig between a western force of MacIvers, Maclennans, Macaulays and Macleays against a force of Frasers, Munroes of Foulis and Dingwalls of Kildun.
Family, death and posterity.
Alexander was the first of the family who lived on the island in Loch Kinellan, near Strathpeffer, while at the same time he had Brahan as a mains or farm, both of which his successors for a time held from the King at a yearly rent, until they were later feued.
Alexander’s marriages have been the subject of genealogical controversy. The weight of traditional clan history is to the effect that he married, first, Anna, daughter of John Macdougall of Dunollie, and, secondly, Margaret, daughter of Macdonald of Morar (a cadet of Macdonald of Clanranald), but Aonghas MacCoinnich has pointed out the difficulties which Alexander's supplication for dispensation in 1466 (referred to above) presents for the traditional account. MacCoinnich speculates that Catherine, who was recorded in the supplication as Alexander's wife, may have been the grand-daughter of Ranald, the eponym of Clanranald.
By his first wife, Alexander had Kenneth, his heir and successor, and Duncan, progenitor of the Mackenzies of Hilton. By his second wife (if he had one), he had Hector Roy (or “Eachainn Ruadh”), from whom are descended the Mackenzies of Gairloch, and a daughter who married Allan Macleod, Hector Roy’s predecessor in Gairloch.
He is also said to have had a natural son (or, in some sources, a brother), Dugal, who became a priest and was Superior of Beauly Priory, which he repaired about 1478, and in which he is buried.
The date of Alexander's death is uncertain, though it is clear that he had died by 1488, since his eldest son was served heir in the lands of Kintail at Dingwall on 2 September 1488. Aonghas MacCoinnich suggests that Alexander may in fact have died by July 1479, as his son was by then already being held responsible for rental payments in the king's dukedom of Ross.
References.
This article includes text from Alexander Mackenzie's "History of the Mackenzies" (Inverness, 1894), a work that is no longer in copyright.

</doc>
<doc id="18246000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246000" title="Cherrybomb (film)">
Cherrybomb (film)

Cherrybomb is a drama film released in the United Kingdom in 2009, starring Rupert Grint, James Nesbitt, and Robert Sheehan. Filming began on location in Belfast on 7 July 2008, and lasted four weeks. The film includes nudity, drinking, drugs, shop-lifting and car theft. It was released to DVD on 23 August 2010 in the UK. It is currently awaiting release in the US.
"Cherrybomb" premiered at the 2009 Berlin Film Festival, but was initially unable to find a distributor. An online campaign by Grint's fans was credited with helping to secure a deal for distribution in the United Kingdom.
Plot.
Malachy McKinny is a straight-A teenager working at the Titanic Leisureplex, a sports training complex owned and run by Dave. His best friend is Luke, a drug dealer living with his drug-addicted father. While at work, Malachy catches sight of Dave having sex with a young female employee of Titanic Leisureplex, Donna. The two boys find themselves entranced by Michelle, a beautiful and charismatic teen who moved from London to live with her father, Dave. 
Luke and Malachy attempt to win Michelle's affections by outdoing each other on a wild ride of sex, drugs, vandalism, shoplifting, and fighting. However, all three teens find that they are in over their heads when they throw a party in the Titanic Leisureplex, which turns disastrous when Dave walks in to find his place trashed. Blaming Malachy, he almost beats him to death. Malachy is saved by Luke, who smacks Dave over the head with a pole. Stunned, Dave slowly turns to look at Luke, and receives a second blow to the head. While Malachy is covered in blood and bruises, he gets up and tells Luke that he does not want to leave, since Michelle is grieving for her dead father. Luke, being a "supportive" friend, stays with Malachy until the paramedics and police show up and take them in for questioning.
The ending of the film turns out to be the opening sequence to the movie. Although we only see bits and pieces of the ending interrogation, the audience gets to hear of Malachy's and Luke's final words on the incident before the movie cuts out.
Reception.
The film has garnered good reviews from critics but holds no rating on Rotten Tomatoes, although the audience rating is currently at an average of 3.1/5.

</doc>
<doc id="18246013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246013" title="Yash Birla Group">
Yash Birla Group

Yash Birla Group is Indian industrial conglomerate group based in Mumbai, Maharashtra. Its chairman Yashovardhan Birla, a member of the Birla family.
The group has diversified interest in industries like steel pipes, machine tools, cutting tools, tool holders, iron castings, power solution products, multipurpose engines pumps, electrical appliances, textiles, carpets, furnishing, lifestyle, infotech, publication, travel, electricity, property development, cotton ginning etc.
The group currently is undergoing a major financial crisis.
Present.
The current financial condition of Yash Birla Group of companies is very poor. Many of the Birla Group companies are said to be defaulting on their debt obligations.
History.
The Group traces it origins to the businesses started by various members of the Birla family.
Companies.
The group today has 10 companies publicly listed in India.
The major companies in the group include:
Logo.
The logo of group is a conch.
Social activities.
The Yash Birla group runs the following charitable trusts:

</doc>
<doc id="18246039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246039" title="Tohoku Pharmaceutical University">
Tohoku Pharmaceutical University


</doc>
<doc id="18246058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246058" title="Hugo Kranz">
Hugo Kranz

Hugo Kranz (June 13, 1834 – June 1, 1902) was a German-born businessman and political figure in Ontario, Canada. He represented Waterloo North in the Canadian House of Commons from 1878 to 1887 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Lehrbach, Hesse, the son of Charles Kranz, was educated in Darmstadt and came to the United States with his father in 1851. After four years, father and son moved to Berlin, Ontario (later Kitchener). His father opened a general store there and Kranz took over its operation in 1875 after his father's death. In 1865, he married Catherine Seip. Kranz served as town clerk (1859 to 1867), reeve (1869 to 1870) and mayor (1874 to 1878) for Berlin. He also was trustee and treasurer for the local high school and a justice of the peace. Kranz helped found the Economical Mutual Fire Insurance Company and served as its manager and president. He was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1887 and 1891, losing to Isaac Erb Bowman each time.

</doc>
<doc id="18246101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246101" title="Long Live Rock 'n' Roll (Kraljevski Apartman album)">
Long Live Rock 'n' Roll (Kraljevski Apartman album)

"Long Live Rock 'n' Roll" is the debut album by Serbian heavy metal band Kraljevski Apartman released in 1997. With the support of Riblja Čorba members Zoran Zdravković, former Apartman 69 guitarist, decided to form a new band and started writing new material. The opening track on the album is a cover version of Rainbow hit "Long Live Rock 'n' Roll". Promotional video was recorded for the song "Misterija". Four tracks from the album were included as bonus tracks on the band's next album -"Izgubljen u vremenu". Live version of "Misterija" was included on the "Best of Live (1996–2005)" album.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Zoran Zdravković except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18246219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246219" title="Tohoku Seikatsu Bunka College">
Tohoku Seikatsu Bunka College


</doc>
<doc id="18246239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246239" title="Findanus">
Findanus

Findanus is claimed by Clan MacKinnon as their fourth chief and the progenitor of the clan name. He is claimed to have been a great grandson of Alpin, and to have lived in the late ninth and early tenth centuries on the Isle of Skye, Scotland. Findanus brought Dunakin Castle into the clan.
According to the Clan MacKinnon history:
Findanus Second son of Doungallus, was seized of the estate of the Tombermory in the Isle of Mull and Findanus Castle (Dunakin) in the Isle of Skye, known by the name of MacKinnon Castle in the present day; this castle was the residence of the Lairds of MacKinnon till the 14th century, when Strathardill, also in Skye, became their seat. Findanus and his bride, the Norse princess nicknamed ‘Saucy Mary,’ ran a heavy chain from Skye to Lochalsh and levied a toll on all shipping passing up and down. It is from him that the MacKinnon chiefs obtained their Gaelic Patronymic.

</doc>
<doc id="18246248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246248" title="Hrvoje Štrok">
Hrvoje Štrok

Hrvoje Štrok (born 14 July 1980) is a Croatian football midfielder who plays for NK Sesvete in the Croatian Second League.
Club career.
Štrok previously played for NK Zagreb, NK Dinamo Zagreb, NK Inter Zaprešić and HNK Rijeka.

</doc>
<doc id="18246256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246256" title="Caja Navarra">
Caja Navarra

Caja de Ahorros de Navarra or Caja Navarra or CAN was a medium-sized savings bank based in the Navarre province of northern Spain with headquarters in Pamplona. The bank results from the merger of the Caja de Ahorros y Monte de Piedad Municipal de Pamplona (founded by the Pamplona city council in 1872) and the Caja de Ahorros de Navarra (founded by the Provincial Council of Navarre in 1921) on January 17, 2000.
Caja Navarra was one of the three banks that merged to become Banca Civica.
In Spain, savings banks or cajas are private financial institutions organized as foundations. When they were created, their identifying features were their concern for saving, focus on the poorer classes, concentration in a geographical area, and allocation of a significant part of their profits to social and charity projects. Today their commitment to the community continues. These savings banks devote a percentage of their resources to charity and community projects, in CAN's case 30 percent. Caja Navarra is known for its unique Civic Banking model, which it developed under current CEO Enrique Goñi.
Civic Banking.
Civic Banking is a banking model. Civic Banking has sought to turn traditional banking on its head by placing the customer at the center of its business practices and ascribing them rights, while creating duties for Caja Navarra itself to follow.
Caja Navarra today.
The results of Civic Banking have been greater than expected with more than 80% of customers choosing where their money is spent each year. Between 2002 and 2006 CAN's business customers increased from 120 to nearly 800. Between 2001 and 2007 Caja Navarra moved from 22nd to 17th in terms of volume among other Spanish savings banks, from 20th to 12th in profit after tax, from 16th to 5th in margin per employee and from 41st to 4th in ROE.
Scholars at some of the world's top universities including Georgetown University, New York University Stern School of Business, the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, IESE and the Instituto Pamamericano de Alta Dirección de Empresa have studied the bank.
Caja Navarra is seeking to expand internationally into Eastern Europe. 
Civic banking.
Civic Banking is a business model that Caja Navarra (CAN) introduced in 2004 under its current CEO, Enrique Goñi. CAN introduced the model with its “You Choose: You Decide” initiative, or “Tu Eliges: Tu Decides” in Spanish, which evolved into its present form, the Five Rights. The key, however, remains the first right, under which CAN's clients can direct 30% of CAN's annual profit to social projects.
The Five Rights.
The customers' Five Rights are: 
You Choose: You Decide.
Civic Banking and its main program entitled “You Choose: You Decide” (encompassed in the first right of Civic Banking), has made the bank's customers responsible for deciding to which social ventures the bank should donate money. Cajas do not have share holders like a publicly owned commercial bank. Civic Banking has sought to incorporate the bank's customers in a way that shareholders would be incorporated in a publicly traded company – by giving them the decision making power and thus making them feel more attached to the bank.
Officially started in 2004, “You Choose, You Decide” identified nine groups of social projects: disability and welfare, research, cooperation, environment, employment and entrepreneurs, culture, preservation of heritage, sports and leisure. Then, each time a customer contracted a product or service from Caja Navarra they would choose where the profits were spent in an effort to make the customer feel more in touch with the bank and with the community. This is very different from the other Spanish cajas, where the board of the foundation that directs the savings bank chooses the social projects and monetary allocation. Thus in 2005, for the first time, 100 percent of 2005's social budget was decided by CAN's customers. The program was a success with 82% of the banks customers choosing where to allocate their money in the first year alone.
Since 2004 CAN has continued to innovate within their Civic Banking platform. These innovations include reporting to customers in an individualized annual letter exactly how much money CAN has made from the customer (the social account - the second right). The nine broad categories of social projects have now been expanded into over 2500 individual projects for the customer to choose from. In addition customers can propose their own social projects to add to the current list of over 2500 if they cannot find one they identify with. Caja Navarra also encourages its customers to participate in the social ventures they support (Volcan - the fourth right).
Canchas.
Civic Banking is transforming CAN's branches. Branches are normally a place to go to contract bank services, however, in keeping with their idea of growing customer loyalty and participation, Caja Navarra is transforming their branches into open community spaces that CAN calls canchas. At Canchas customers may conduct banking business, but the canchas also feature play areas for children, free internet access for the public, free coffee, and once a week, after banking hours, live entertainment. Groups within the community may also use the cancha to hold meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="18246267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246267" title="2008 Wimbledon Championships – Ladies' Invitation Doubles">
2008 Wimbledon Championships – Ladies' Invitation Doubles

Jana Novotná and Helena Suková were the defending champions. They were both present but did not compete together.
Suková partnered with Martina Navratilova, but Novotná and partner Kathy Rinaldi defeated them 5–7, 6–3, 10–5, in the final.
Draw.
Group A.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Group B.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="18246275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246275" title="Tohoku Institute of Technology">
Tohoku Institute of Technology


</doc>
<doc id="18246284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246284" title="Frederick Mearns">
Frederick Mearns

Frederick Mearns (born 31 March 1879 in Sunderland, England - died 22 January 1931 in Sunderland, England) was a footballer who played for Hartlepool United and Barnsley. He was a goalkeeper. During his time with Barnsley, he was an FA Cup finalist in 1910. Mearns later worked as a trainer for Durham City.
Club career.
He started his footballing career with local team Whitburn, before he signed a professional contract at Sunderland. Mearns then moved to Kettering Town where he reportedly saved 17 penalties in the 1902–03 season.
Mearns joined Hartlepool United in 1908 for their inaugural season in the North Eastern League where they came fourth. In the summer of 1909 he joined Barnsley. He played in the Barnsley side who reached the FA Cup in 1910. Barsnley were beaten 2–0 in the replay after holding Newcastle United to a 1–1 draw in the first match.
Honours.
Barnsley

</doc>
<doc id="18246286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246286" title="Abu Bakr II ibn `Abd al-Munan">
Abu Bakr II ibn `Abd al-Munan

Abu Bakr II ibn `Abd al-Munan was the emir of Harar (1829-1852). He was the son of `Abd al-Mannan, the brother of `Abd ar-Rahman ibn Muhammad, and Guisti (Harari "princess") Fatima, `Abd ar-Rahman's oldest daughter. This Fatima is a different woman than Abu Bakr's wife, Fatima, whom the British explorer Richard F. Burton reports was the daughter of a local Somali chief, Gerad Adan bin Kaushan. He succeeded to the throne of Harar upon the death of `Abd ar-Rahman. 
For a number of years in the 1830s, Abu Bakr campaigned against the neighboring Oromo with an armed force which the British explorer W. C. Barker described as "consisting of from 150 to 200 matchlock men, 100 cavalry armed with long spears, 60 spearmen on foot, and a few archers. Insignificant, however, as this force really is, the matchlockmen alone render it far superior to that of the neighbouring tribes, who have a great dread of fire-arms; they have not even a single matchlock in their possession." Despite his military successes, by 1840 Harari merchants lamented that the neighboring Oromo were devastating the neighboring villages. The Harari were attacked in their fields within sight of the city walls in the middle of the day, and the city was spared in the end only by paying tribute. 
Burton alludes to the existence of communications between Emir Abu Bakr and the British governor of Aden. At the same time, there was tension between Harar and Hajj Sharmakay, ruler of Zeila; in response to the Emir's imprisonment of his agent in Harar, Hajj Sharmakay persuaded the son of Sahle Selassie, ruler of Shewa, to imprison about 300 citizens of Harar then resident in Shewa.
Burton also mentions that Abu Bakr's vizier, or chief minister, was the treacherous Gerad Mohammed, who also served his son Ahmad. Burton had been told that, before his death, Abu Bakr had warned his son about the man.
He died on 8 July 1852 and was succeeded by his son Ahmad, who initially ruled under the regency of his mother Guisti Fatima, who was popular with the people of Harar.

</doc>
<doc id="18246300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246300" title="Shokei Gakuin University">
Shokei Gakuin University


</doc>
<doc id="18246309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246309" title="High Sheriff of the County of London">
High Sheriff of the County of London

Below is a list of High Sheriffs of the County of London, from the creation of the county in 1889 to its abolition in 1965:

</doc>
<doc id="18246334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246334" title="Tohoku Bunka Gakuen University">
Tohoku Bunka Gakuen University


</doc>
<doc id="18246335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246335" title="Ahmad III ibn Abu Bakr">
Ahmad III ibn Abu Bakr

Ahmad III ibn Abu Bakr was the Emir of Harar (1852–1866). He was the ruling Emir when the British explorer Richard F. Burton visited the city for ten days in January 1855, which he later described in his book, "First Footsteps in East Africa".
Emir Ahmad was the son and successor of Abu Bakr II ibn `Abd al-Munan and Guisti Fatima. Although one source states that she was the daughter of a previous Emir of Harar, `Abd ar-Rahman ibn Muhammad, Ahmad's maternal grandfather, Burton writes that she was the daughter of a Somali chieftain, "Gerard Hirsi of the Berteri tribe". Upon the death of his father Abu Bakr he succeeded to the throne of Harar, reigning firstly under the regency of his mother. His mother was still alive at the time of Burton's visit, when the Emir had taken four wives: the daughter of Gerad Hirsi, a Sayyid woman of Harar, an emancipated slave girl, and "a daughter of Gerad Abd al-Majid, one of his nobles". Burton rounds out his tally of Emir Ahmad's households with the Emir's two sons, "who will probably never ascend the throne; one is an infant, the other is a boy about five years old."
Burton described Emir Ahmad at their first meeting as "an etiolated youth twenty-four or twenty-five years old, plain and thin-bearded, with a yellow complexion, wrinkled brows and protruding eyes. His dress was a white turban tightly twisted round a tall conical cap of red velvet, like the old Turkish headgear of our painters." The Emir's health at the time was "infirm", according to Burton, who adds, "Some attribute his weakness to a fall form a horse, others declare him to have been poisoned by one of his wives. I judged him consumptive." 
Burton further mentions that at the time of his visit the Emir's vizier, or chief minister, was the treacherous Gerad Mohammed, a man whom Burton had been told Ahmad's father Abu Bakr had warned him about. However, Burton describes Emir Ahmad's rule as "severe if not just, and it has all the "prestige" of secrecy. As the Amharas say, the 'belly of the master is not known': even the Gerad Mohammed, though summoned to council at all times, in sickness as in health, dares not offer uncalled-for advice, and the queen dowager, the Gisit Fatima, was threaten with fetters if she persisted in interference."

</doc>
<doc id="18246337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246337" title="Nitzanim">
Nitzanim

Nitzanim (, "lit." Flower buds) is a kibbutz in southern Israel. Located between Ashkelon and Ashdod on the Nitzanim dunes, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof Ashkelon Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 343.
The kibbutz was established after the Jewish National Fund purchased a plot of land and a large house known as the "mansion" in 1942. The first residents were immigrants, some of whom were Holocaust survivors. It later absorbed more immigrants from Poland and Romania.
The kibbutz was captured by the Egyptian army during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War in the Battle of Nitzanim, but was recaptured by Israeli forces at the end of the conflict, after which the settlement was re-established around four kilometres south of the original location. In 1949, Nitzanim Youth Village was established on the original site. The youth village closed in 1990, and during the 1990s the communal settlement of Nitzan was founded on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18246351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246351" title="Sendai Shirayuri Women's College">
Sendai Shirayuri Women's College


</doc>
<doc id="18246352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246352" title="Capital call">
Capital call

A capital call (also known as a draw down or a capital commitment) is a legal right of an investment firm or an insurance firm to demand a portion of the money promised to it by an investor 
For example, when an investor buys into a real estate fund, that fund's managers may wait some time before using the investor's money to buy real estate, either because they are waiting for real estate prices to be favorable, or because they are researching new deals. When they are ready to actually buy real estate, the fund managers issue a capital call, requiring investors who have committed money to the fund to actually transfer that money over.
The fund might also borrow funds instead of using the investor's money. This allows the fund to benefit from leverage. The financing of the real estate purchase is realized through borrowing from banks. When the fund has reached a certain level of return, capital calls are issued and the borrowing is paid off.

</doc>
<doc id="18246363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246363" title="`Abd ar-Rahman ibn Muhammad">
`Abd ar-Rahman ibn Muhammad

`Abd ar-Rahman ibn Muhammad (died 16 June 1825) was the Emir of Harar (1821 - 1825). 
On the death of his brother, Emir Ahmad II ibn Muhammad, `Abd ar-Rahman and his other brother `Abd al-Karim quarreled over who would succeed, and `Abd ar-Rahman gained the throne first with the help of the Babille Oromo who dwelled to the east of Harar. However, while returning from an unsuccessful campaign to extract tribute from the Ala Oromo in 1825, he was betrayed to these people and `Abd al-Karim made himself Emir. Abd al-Rahman appealed for help from his Babille allies, who helped him resist his deposition. In the end, `Abd ar-Rahman was deposed and forty villages are listed as having been destroyed by the Oromo to the north, west and south of harar, as well as in Babille country during this civil war.
According to Richard F. Burton, `Abd al-Karim had recruited 60 or 70 Arab matchlockmen, under one Haydar Assal the Auliki, to fight against the Oromo. The mercenaries ran out of ammunition, and losing twenty of their number retired to Harar. The Oromo captured Abd al-Karim and Abd Ar-Rahman, seized the throne and with the aid of the inhabitants started to murder the Arab mercenaries. The mercenaries, however, defended themselves and would have restored Abd al-Rahman as Emir, had Abd ar-Rahman not declined their offer; the Arab mercenaries then drew their pay and marched off to Zeila. R.A. Caulk explains that this was a garbled version of the fraternal battle for the throne.
One source states that he had one daughter, Guisti Fatima, who married his eventual successor Abu Bakr II ibn `Abd al-Munan.

</doc>
<doc id="18246379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246379" title="Glossmeter">
Glossmeter

A glossmeter (also gloss meter) is an instrument which is used to measure specular reflection gloss of a surface. Gloss is determined by projecting a beam of light at a fixed intensity and angle onto a surface and measuring the amount of reflected light at an equal but opposite angle.
There are a number of different geometries available for gloss measurement, each being dependent on the type of surface to be measured. For non-metals such as coatings and plastics the amount of reflected light increases with a greater angle of illumination, as some of the light penetrates the surface material and is absorbed into it or diffusely scattered from it depending on its colour. Metals have a much higher reflection and are therefore less angularly dependent. 
Many international technical standards are available that define the method of use and specifications for different types of glossmeter used on various types of materials including paint, ceramics, paper, metals and plastics. Many industries use glossmeters in their quality control to measure the gloss of products to ensure consistency in their manufacturing processes. The automotive industry is a major user of the glossmeter, with applications extending from the factory floor to the repair shop.
History.
Of the many internationally recorded publications relating to gloss measurement, the earliest recorded studies (perceived and instrumental) are attributed to Ingersoll
Ingersoll who in 1914 developed a means to measure the glare of paper. The Ingersoll “Glarimeter”, the earliest known instrument developed for gloss measurement, was based on the principle that light is polarised in specular reflection. The instrument employed incident and viewing angles of 57.5° and used a contrast method to subtract the specular component from the total reflection using a polarising element. Ingersoll successfully applied for and patented this instrument a few years later in 1917.
In 1922 Jones, during his study of gloss of photographic papers using goniophotometry, developed a glossmeter based on his research, which provided closer correlation to gloss ratings assigned by visual evaluation. Jones’ glossmeter used a geometric configuration of 45°/0°/45° whereby the surface was illuminated at 45° and two incident reflective angles measured and compared at 0° (diffuse reflectance) and 45° (diffuse plus specular reflectance). Jones was the first to emphasize the importance of using goniophotometric measurements in studies of gloss.
Early work in 1925 by Pfund led to the development of a variable angle “glossimeter” to measure specular gloss which was later patented in 1932. Pfund’s instrument, allowed the angle of measurement to be varied, but maintained the angle of view to the angle of illumination. Reflected light was measured using a pyrometer lamp as a photometer. The ‘glossimeter’ was the first to use black glass standards as a basis for reflectance setting. As the angle was variable this instrument could also be used for the measurement of sheen or specular gloss at near grazing angles.
During this time, growing interest in this field resulted in a number of similar studies by other individuals each having their own method for gloss measurement, most of which published as technical articles in scientific journals of that time. A few of these also resulted in patents.
In 1937 Hunter, as part of a research project for the US National Bureau of Standards, produced a paper on the methods of determining gloss. In this paper he discussed instruments that were available at the time (including the ones mentioned previously) in relation to the classification of six different types of gloss. In this paper Hunter also detailed the general requirements for a standardised glossmeter. 
Standardisation in gloss measurement was led by Hunter and ASTM (American Society for Testing and Materials) who produced ASTM D523 Standard test method for specular gloss in 1939. This incorporated a method for measuring gloss at a specular angle of 60?. Later editions of the Standard (1951) included methods for measuring at 20? (high gloss) and 85? (matt, or low, gloss). ASTM has a number of other gloss-related standards designed for application in specific industries.
In the paint industry, measurements of specular gloss are made according to International Standard ISO 2813. This standard is nominally the same as ASTM D523 although differently drafted. BS 3900, Part 5, UK; DIN 67530, Germany; NFT 30-064, France; AS 1580, Australia; JIS Z8741, Japan, are also equivalent.
Construction.
A typical glossmeter consists of a fixed mechanical assembly comprising a standardised light source that projects a parallel beam of light onto the test surface to be measured and a filtered detector located to receive the rays reflected from the surface, Figure 1. The ASTM Method states that the illumination should be defined such that the source-detector combination is spectrally corrected to give the CIE luminous efficiency, V(?), with CIE illuminant SC.
A number of instruments are commercially available that conform to the above standards in terms of their measurement geometry. The instruments are calibrated using reference standards that are usually made from highly polished, plane, black glass with a refractive index of 1.567 for the Sodium D line, and these are assigned a gloss value of 100 for each geometry.
Measurement / Angle Selection.
The glossmeter provides a quantifiable way of measuring gloss intensity ensuring consistency of measurement by defining the precise illumination and viewing conditions. The configuration of both illumination source and observation reception angles allows measurement over a small range of the overall reflection angle. 
The measurement results of a glossmeter are related to the amount of reflected light from a black glass standard with a defined refractive index. The ratio of reflected to incident light for the specimen, compared to the ratio for the gloss standard, is recorded as gloss units (GU).
Measurement angle refers to the angle between the incident and reflected light. Three measurement angles (20°, 60°, and 85°) are specified to cover the majority of industrial coatings applications. The angle is selected based on the anticipated gloss range, as shown in the following table.
For example, if the measurement made at 60° is greater than 70 GU, the measurement angle should be changed to 20° to optimise measurement accuracy.
Three types of instruments are available on the market: 60° single angle instruments, a combination of 20° and 60° and one type that combines 20°, 60° and 85°.
Two additional angles are used for other materials. An angle of 45° is specified for the measurement of ceramics, films, textiles and anodised aluminium, whilst 75° is specified for paper and printed materials.
Gloss units.
The measurement scale, Gloss Units (GU), of a glossmeter is a scaling based on a highly polished reference black glass standard with a defined refractive index having a specular reflectance of 100GU at the specified angle.
This standard is used to establish an upper point calibration of 100 with the lower end point established at 0 on a perfectly matt surface. This scaling is suitable for most non-metallic coatings and materials (paints and plastics) as they generally fall within this range. For other materials, highly reflective in appearance (mirrors, plated / raw metal components), higher values can be achieved reaching 2000 Gloss Units. For transparent materials, these values can also be increased due to multiple reflections within the material. For these applications it is common to use % reflection of incident light rather than Gloss Units.
Calibration.
Each glossmeter is set up by the manufacturer to be linear throughout its measuring range by calibrating to a set of master calibration tiles traceable to BAM Federal Institute for Materials Research or similar organisations.
In order to maintain the performance and linearity of the glossmeter it is recommended to use a checking standard tile. This standard tile has assigned gloss unit values for each angle of measurement which are also traceable to National Standards such as BAM Federal Institute for Materials Research. The instrument is calibrated to this checking standard which is commonly referred to as a ‘calibration tile’ or ‘calibration standard’. The interval of checking this calibration is dependent on the frequency of use and the operating conditions of the glossmeter.
It has been seen that standard calibration tiles kept in optimum conditions can become contaminated and change by a few gloss units over a period of years. Standard tiles which are used in working conditions will require regular calibration or checking by the instrument manufacturer or glossmeter calibration specialist.
A period of one year between standard tile recalibration should be regarded as a minimum period. If a calibration standard becomes permanently scratched or damaged at any time it will require immediate recalibration or replacement as the glossmeter may give incorrect readings.
International standards state that it is the tile that is the calibrated and a traceable artefact not the glossmeter. However it is often recommended by manufacturers that the instrument also be checked to verify its operation on a frequency dependent on the operating conditions.
Development.
The glossmeter is a useful instrument for measuring the gloss of a surface. However, it is not sensitive to other common effects which reduce appearance quality such as haze and orange peel.
Haze is caused by microscopic surface structure which slightly changes the direction of a reflected light causing a bloom adjacent to the specular (gloss) angle. The surface has less reflective contrast and a shallow milky effect.
The image above shows the change in light reflection due to microscopic surface structures.
Orange Peel is caused by an uneven surface formation of large surface structures distorting the reflected light.
Two high gloss surfaces can measure identically with a standard glossmeter but can be visually very different. Instruments are available to quantify orange peel by measuring Distinctness of Image (DOI) or Reflected Image Quality (RIQ) and Haze.
Applications.
The glossmeter is adopted by many industries, from paper mills to automotive and is used at each stage of the manufacturing process from goods receipt through to final inspection.
Examples include:
• Paints & coatings 
• Powder coatings
• Additives
• Inks
• Plastics
• Wood coatings
• Yacht manufacture 
• Automotive manufacture and re-finish
• Aerospace
• Polished stone and metals
• Glass manufacture
• Consumer electronics
• Anodised metals

</doc>
<doc id="18246392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246392" title="Sendai University">
Sendai University


</doc>
<doc id="18246415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246415" title="House of Beauharnais">
House of Beauharnais

The House of Beauharnais (or Beauharnois) is a French noble house. It is now represented by the Duke of Leuchtenberg, descendant in male line of Eugène de Beauharnais.
History.
Originating in Brittany, the Beauharnais (or Beauharnois) became established in the fourteenth century in Orléans. When that city was besieged in 1429, Jehan Beauharnais played a role in its defence and by doing so witnessed to the process of Joan of Arc's rehabilitation. The Beauharnais provided the kingdom with soldiers and magistrates, and contracted alliances in several spheres, including that of the university of law in Orléans. In the 16th century, there were Beauharnais in Orléans as magistrates, merchants, canons and other professions.
From the end of the 16th century to the end of the 17th, the offices of president and of lieutenant général to the bailliage and siège présidial of Orléans were handed down hereditarily through the Beauharnais family. The most eminent of these magistrates was Francis IV de Beauharnais, sieur of la Grillère (at Vouzon, Loir-et-Cher), born in Orléans in 1630, and dying there in 1681.
At the end of the 17th century, the office of lieutenant général du bailliage d'Orléans was ceded to an allied branch, the Curaults. The most eminent of the Beauharnais thus turned to careers in the navy and the colonial administration in the Americas. Another François de Beauharnais (1665–1746) became intendant of New France (i.e. Canada), where a seigneurie was granted to him in 1707. His nephew, Francis V de Beauharnais, was made chef d'escadre des armées royales, then governor of Martinique.
The Beauharnais of Orléans were also great landholders thanks to their many seigneuries in the region. In the 15th century they were seigneurs of la Chaussée (or Miramion), fief of the parish of Saint-Jean-de-Braye, in the suburbs of Orléans. They also had interests at Sologne until the early 16th century, and Guillaume de Beauharnais held the estate of Villechauve, at Sennely. Some years later, the Beauharnais acquiring the neighbouring seigneurie of la Grillère, at Vouzon, with they held until the beginning of the 18th century (when it passed, by the marriage of a female Beauharnais, to the Choiseul-Gouffier family).
On 20 April 1752, Francis V, marquis de Beauharnais (1714–1800), governor of Martinique, maternal great-grandfather of the future Napoleon III of France, bought the seigneurie of La Ferté-Avrain, in Sologne. He was raised to a marquis by letters patent dated July 1764 with the title of La Ferté-Beauharnais, a name the commune still bears (département of Loir-et-Cher).
Genealogy.
Partial genealogy (male and female lines)
Married to Anne Brachet ; 7 children, including
Married to Marie Mallet ; 3 children including
Married in 1663 to Marguerite Françoise Pivart de Chastullé ; 14 children, including
Married to Renée Hardouineau ; 2 sons
Married twice - 
Two children from his first marriage:
In 1779 married Marie-Josèphe-Rose (known as "Joséphine") Tascher de la Pagerie. Two children :

</doc>
<doc id="18246424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246424" title="Ishinomaki Senshu University">
Ishinomaki Senshu University

, an affiliated university of Senshu University, is a private university in Ishinomaki, Miyagi, Japan, established in 1989. The predecessor Senshu University was founded in 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="18246427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246427" title="Royale-les-Eaux">
Royale-les-Eaux

Royale-les-Eaux is a fictional town in Northern France. It features in the James Bond novels of Ian Fleming and others, particularly "Casino Royale" and "On Her Majesty's Secret Service".
Location.
Royale-les-Eaux is a seaside resort, described in "Casino Royale" as being "just north of Dieppe" and lying "near the mouth of the Somme before the flat coastline soars up from the beaches of southern Picardy to the Brittany cliffs which run on to Le Havre". This would seem to place the town in the "département" of Somme, which takes its name from the river, but a telegram addressed to Bond in the same novel gives the "département" as the more southerly Seine-Inférieure (which was renamed Seine-Maritime on 18 January 1955). References in "On Her Majesty's Secret Service" suggest yet another "département": when driving northwards along the N1 (now the D901), James Bond passes a Michelin road sign saying "Montreuil 5, Royale-les-Eaux 10, Le Touquet-Paris-Plage 15". After passing through Montreuil and over the Étaples-Paris railway just to the north of the town, the turning for Royale-les-Eaux is on the left. This would put Royale-les-Eaux on the coast just south of Le Touquet, perhaps in the vicinity of Stella-Plage, and in the "département" of Pas-de-Calais, to the north of Somme.
History.
The town's history is outlined in "Casino Royale". Formerly just a small fishing village named "Royale", it rapidly became fashionable as a tourist destination during the Second Empire. However the subsequent rise in popularity of Le Touquet meant a loss in custom for Royale. A parallel is drawn between the history of Royale and that of Trouville, a once-popular destination which was eclipsed by Deauville. The fortunes of Royale seemed to be recovering at the turn of the 20th century, when a spring in the hills behind the town was found to contain enough sulphur to make it marketable as mineral water. Royale reinvented itself as a spa town, renamed itself "Royale-les-Eaux" and began exporting "Eau Royale", in a torpedo-shaped bottle. This success was short-lived, and following lawsuits from Vichy, Perrier and Vittel sale of Eau Royale became merely local once more. The town thereafter survived on seaside holidaymakers in the summer and its small fishing fleet in the winter, as well as "the crumbs which fell to its elegantly dilapidated Casino from the table at Le Touquet". 
Royale's renaissance came after the Second World War. Encouraged by the post-war revival of Brighton and Nice, in 1950 Royale-les-Eaux was identified as a potential source of revenue by a Paris syndicate which invested funds on behalf of exiled Vichyites. The Casino, the public gardens and the two main hotels were refurbished and Paris jewellers and couturiers were given rent-free sites on which to establish branches. For the year in which the events of "Casino Royale" take place, the "Société des Bains de Mer de Royale" has succeeded in securing bookings from "a considerable number of the biggest operators in America and Europe", and leased some of the baccarat tables to a group of Egyptians, the Mahomet Ali Syndicate. This is the context in which "Casino Royale" opens.

</doc>
<doc id="18246444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246444" title="Morioka University">
Morioka University


</doc>
<doc id="18246456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246456" title="Kim Hyeon-Jung (figure skater)">
Kim Hyeon-Jung (figure skater)

Kim Hyeon-Jung (also transliterated Hyun-Jung or Hyeon-Jeong, born October 31, 1992 in Seoul) is a South Korean figure skater. She is the 2008 & 2009 South Korean silver medalist. 
She made her international debut in the 2007-2008 season, when she competed on the 2007–2008 ISU Junior Grand Prix in two events, with a highest placement of 9th. She competed at the 2008 World Junior Figure Skating Championships, where she placed 14th. She made her senior international debut at the 2009 Four Continents, where she placed 14th. Now she is a figure skating coach and she is teaching her younger brother, hwan jin kim.

</doc>
<doc id="18246460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246460" title="Fuji University">
Fuji University


</doc>
<doc id="18246482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246482" title="Stephen Shennan">
Stephen Shennan

Stephen Shennan is a professor of theoretical archaeology, and is director of the Institute of Archaeology at the University College London. Shennan focuses on cultural evolution and Darwinian archaeology, applying theories from evolutionary ecology and cladistics to archaeology. In July 2006, Shenann was elected Fellow of the British Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="18246492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246492" title="Ying Yuan">
Ying Yuan

Ying Yuan () is one kind of gold coin issued by the mint of the Chinese state of Chu. The oldest ones presently known are from about the 5th or 6th century BCE. They consist of sheets of gold 3-5mm thick, of various sizes, with inscriptions consisting of square or round stamps in which there are one or two characters. They have been unearthed in various locations south of the Yellow River indicating that they were products of the State of Chu. One of the characters in their inscription is often a monetary unit or weight which is normally read as "yuan" (). Pieces are of a very variable size and thickness, and the stamps appear to be a device to validate the whole block, rather than a guide to enable it to be broken up into unit pieces. Some specimens have been reported in copper, lead, or clay. It is probable that these were funeral money, not circulating coinage, as they are found in tombs, but the gold coins are not.

</doc>
<doc id="18246504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246504" title="Gopal Gaonkar">
Gopal Gaonkar

Gopal H. Gaonkar (born 1938) is a professor of engineering at Florida Atlantic University, Florida. His research interest is in Helicopter dynamics, Floquet theory and Large-Scale and parallel computing. Gaonkar is a recipient of American Helicopter Society's Fellow Award in 2005, was the Editor-in-Chief of the "Journal of the American Helicopter Society", and a member of the AHS Technical Council.
Born and raised in Hanehalli village, Gaonkar completed his high school (1955) from the A. H. School, Bankikodla. Gaonkar earned a B.E. degree (1960) in Civil Engineering from B.V.B. College of Engineering & Technology, Hubli, a M.E. degree (1963) in Civil Engineering from VJTI, Mumbai and a D. Sc. degree (1967) in Helicopter Engineering from Washington University in St. Louis. Prior to joining FAU, Gaonkar was a research professor at the University of Southern Illinois, Edwardsville and a professor of Aerospace Engineering at the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore. During the year 2009-2010, Gaonkar was a visiting professor at Washington University in St. Louis, his alma mater.
He is married to Anasuya Gaonkar, and has two daughters. He has four grandsons and two granddaughters.

</doc>
<doc id="18246541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246541" title="Malting House School">
Malting House School

The Malting House School (also known as the Malting House Garden School) was an experimental educational institution that operated from 1924 to 1929. It was set up by the eccentric and, at the time, wealthy Geoffrey Pyke in his family home in Cambridge and it was run by Susan Sutherland Isaacs. Although it was open for only a few years, the radical ideas explored in this institution have remained influential up until the present day.
Creation.
Geoffrey and Margaret Pyke had a son, David (1921–2001). Geoffrey Pyke became preoccupied by the question of his son's education. He wanted to create an education that promoted curiosity and equipped young people to live in the twentieth century – an education that would be utterly different to his own unhappy experience. To do this he set up an infants' school in his Cambridge home. Founded in October 1924, the school was funded by Pyke's City speculations. His wife, Margaret, was a strong supporter of the school and its ideas.
Pyke placed advertisements in a number of journals, including the New Statesman and Nature: 
Pyke recruited psychologist Susan Sutherland Isaacs to run the school; although Pyke had many original ideas regarding education, he promised her that he would not interfere.
Both Pyke and Isaacs had had unconventional and unhappy experiences of growing up. Pyke's father, Edward Lionel Pyke, was a Jewish lawyer who died when he was only five years old, leaving his family with no money. His mother quarrelled with relatives and made life "hell" for her children. She sent Geoffrey to Wellington, a snobbish private school mainly catering to the children of Army officers; here, she insisted that Pyke maintain the dress and habits of an Orthodox Jew. There he was a victim of persecution that instilled him with a hatred of and contempt for the establishment. After two years at Wellington, he was withdrawn, tutored privately and then admitted to Pembroke College, Cambridge to study law. Isaacs’ mother died when she was six years old. Shortly afterwards she became alienated from her father after he married the nurse who had attended her mother during her illness. At the age of fifteen, Isaacs was removed from school by her father because she had converted to atheistic socialism; her father refused to speak to her for 2 years. She stayed at home with her stepmother until she was 22. 
Besides Geoffrey Pyke and his wife, the other leading figures in the school were Susan Isaacs's and her second husband, Nathan Isaacs; and Evelyn Lawrence who arrived two years into the experiment.
In April 1927, the school advertised again:
This advertisement indicated that Ernest Rutherford, Percy Nunn and J.B.S. Haldane had agreed to assist the directors of the school in the final selection of candidates.
Premises.
The Malting House was originally exactly that: a malthouse, Oast house, and small brewery owned, in the 1830s, by the Beales family – a well-known Cambridge trading dynasty. In 1909, the then Dean of Trinity College (Dr Stewart) bought the buildings and converted most of them into an Arts & Crafts house and two or three years later the remaining buildings were converted into a small hall to host musical evenings. During the 1920s it was the Malting House School. In later years the house reverted to a family home. The buildings were purchased by Darwin College of Cambridge University to serve as student accommodation, the cost of purchase and conversion being estimated as £1.5M.
Maurice and Sylia Dobb lived in a cottage behind the Malting House - he had a position at Trinity College - Ludwig Wittgenstein was lodging with them at the time, at the invitation of Bertrand Russel.
Operation.
In an advertisement for residential pupils, in July 1927, some of the operating princilples of the school were explained.
It seems very likely that the form of education was influenced by the ideas of John Dewey and Maria Montessori. In the 1920s and 30s, John Dewey became famous for pointing out that the authoritarian, strict, pre-ordained knowledge approach of traditional education was too concerned with delivering knowledge, and not enough with understanding students' actual experiences. Montessori's ideas gave rise to the Montessori education which the idea of children choosing the means of educating themselves. The Malting House School fostered the individual development of children; children were given great freedom and were supported rather than punished. The teachers were seen as observers of the children who were seen as research workers.
The school attracted the attention of a wide range of intellectuals. The children came from parents with an academic or professional background who had, in many cases, already achieved eminence in their fields. They included two sons of G. E. Moore (Cambridge philosopher and ethicist), the daughter of Edgar Adrian, 1st Baron Adrian (neurophysiologist, nobel laureate), Philip Sargant Florence (post-graduate student and later Professor of Economics). Yvonne Kapp, who described Pyke as "an intimate if entirely unpredictable friend" took her children to the school every day.
Closure.
The Pykes took Frank Ramsey into their family, taking him on holiday, asking him to be the godfather of their young son. In 1923, Margaret Pyke found herself to be the object of Ramsey's affection and he made sexual overtures to her. It is not clear what happened, but there began a kind of dance between them.
At the end of 1927, Susan Isaacs left the school. It is not clear exactly why Susan Isaacs left, one possibility is that Pyke began to interfere with the day-to-day running of the school but the developing emotional and sexual tangle of relationships between Susan Isaacs, Nathan Isaacs and Evelyn Lawrence may also have been a factor. Evelyn would become Nathan's second wife after Susan's death in 1948.
In 1927, Pyke lost all his money. The Maltings School was forced to close, Margaret Pyke had to take a job as headmistress's secretary; she left Geoffrey although they were never divorced. Already suffering from periodic fits of depression and burdened with huge debts to his brokers, he now withdrew from normal life altogether and existed on donations from his close friends.
Influence.
For a short time The Maltings was a critical if not a commercial success; it was visited by many educationists and it was the subject of a film documentary.
Visitors to the school included Jean Piaget and Melanie Klein.

</doc>
<doc id="18246563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246563" title="Direction centrale du renseignement intérieur">
Direction centrale du renseignement intérieur

The direction centrale du Renseignement intérieur (Central Directorate of Homeland Intelligence, DCRI) is a French intelligence agency which reports directly to the Ministry of the Interior. It became officially operational on 1 July 2008, through the merging of the "direction centrale des Renseignements généraux" (RG) and the "direction de la Surveillance du territoire" (DST) of the French National Police; it is still informally known as the "RG".
The DCRI is headed by Central Director Patrick Calvar. It is organised with a headquarters and eight departments:
The functions of the DCRI are:
The DCRI is expected to be reformed and renamed as "direction générale de la Sécurité intérieure" (General Directorate of Homeland Security, DGSI) in January 2014, reporting directly to the Minister of the Interior and no longer being part of the National Police.
Controversy.
In April 2013, the French Wikipedia article on the military radio station of Pierre-sur-Haute attracted attention after the attempted to have the article removed from the French Wikipedia. The Wikimedia Foundation asked the intelligence agency what precise part(s) of the article were a problem in the eyes of the intelligence agency. The refused to give these details, and repeated its demand for total deletion of the article.
The Wikimedia Foundation refused to delete the article, and the pressured an administrator of the French language Wikipedia and resident of France, into removing the article.
According to a statement by the Wikimedia Foundation, "the DCRI summoned a Wikipedia volunteer in their offices on April 4th . This volunteer, which was one of those having access to the tools that allow the deletion of pages, was forced to delete the article while in the DCRI offices, on the understanding that he would have been held in custody and prosecuted if he did not comply. Under pressure, he had no other choice than to delete the article, despite explaining to the DCRI this is not how Wikipedia works. He warned the other sysops that trying to undelete the article would engage their responsibility before the law. This volunteer had no link with that article, having never edited it and not even knowing of its existence before entering the DCRI offices. He was chosen and summoned because he was easily identifiable, given his regular promotional actions of Wikipedia and Wikimedia projects in France."
Later, the article was restored by other Wikipedia contributors. The French Ministry of the Interior told Agence France-Presse that for the moment it did not wish to comment on the incident.

</doc>
<doc id="18246575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246575" title="Demo 2002">
Demo 2002

Demo 2002 was the first release by the Norwegian black metal band Orcustus, founded by Taipan and featuring Infernus and Tormentor of Gorgoroth and Dirge Rep of Enslaved and Gehenna It was limited to 1000 copies on CD. This demo was deemed a significant and important release by several well-known musicians from the Norwegian black metal scene, such as Fenriz of Darkthrone and Frost of Satyricon, and led to the band getting signed on US record label Southern Lord Records.
It was re-released exclusively by Misantrof ANTIrecords in 2007, as downloadable mp3s.
Credits.
All music written by Taipan, except one riff on track 2 by Tormentor. Lyrics by Taipan (track 1), A.B. (track 2) and Dirge Rep (track 3).
Recorded at Strangehagen Dungeons in Bergen, Norway, in October and November 2002. Produced by Orcustus and by Ivar Peersen of Enslaved, mastered by Alex 'Evil Tordivel'. Logo design by Jannicke Wiese-Hansen, cover design by Taipan and Tormentor.

</doc>
<doc id="18246576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246576" title="1971 ABA All-Star Game">
1971 ABA All-Star Game

GAME 4: at Greensboro Coliseum, Greensboro, North Carolina, January 23, 1971
MVP: Mel Daniels, Indiana Pacers
Coaches: 
Rick Barry scored four points in the final 49 seconds as the East overcame an 18-point third-quarter deficit.

</doc>
<doc id="18246580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246580" title="1972 ABA All-Star Game">
1972 ABA All-Star Game

GAME 5: at Freedom Hall, Louisville, Kentucky, January 29, 1972
MVP: Dan Issel, Kentucky Colonels
Coaches: 

</doc>
<doc id="18246581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246581" title="1973 ABA All-Star Game">
1973 ABA All-Star Game

GAME 6: at the Salt Palace, Salt Lake City, Utah, February 6, 1973
MVP: Warren Jabali, Denver Rockets
Coaches: East: 

</doc>
<doc id="18246583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246583" title="1974 ABA All-Star Game">
1974 ABA All-Star Game

GAME 7: at Norfolk Scope, Norfolk, Virginia, January 30, 1974
MVP: Artis Gilmore, Kentucky Colonels
Coaches: 

</doc>
<doc id="18246584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246584" title="1975 ABA All-Star Game">
1975 ABA All-Star Game

GAME 8: at HemisFair Arena, San Antonio, Texas, January 28, 1975
MVP: Freddie Lewis, Spirits of St. Louis
Coaches: 

</doc>
<doc id="18246585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246585" title="Climate change in the United States">
Climate change in the United States

There is an international interest in issues surrounding changes in climate in the United States and that nation's relationship to general global warming due to the American position in world affairs as well as the high level of American greenhouse gas emissions per capita, with the climate of the United States often studied. In 2012, the United States experienced its warmest year on record, and the thirteen warmest years for the entire planet have all occurred since 1998, according to data that stretches back to 1880.
From 1950 to 2009, the American government's surface temperature record shows an increase by one degree F°, approximately. Global warming has caused many changes in the U.S. According to a 2009 statement by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), trends include lake and river ice melting earlier in the spring, plants blooming earlier, multiple animal species shifting their habitat ranges northward, and reductions in glaciers. While predicting future climate changes are fraught with difficultly, like all statistical projections, some research has warned against possible problems due to American climate changes such as the spread of invasive species and possibilities of floods as well as droughts. Differences in the regions of the United States matter significantly, with drought conditions worsening in the southwest while improving in the northeast for example.
U.S. President Barack Obama committed in the December 2009 Copenhagen Climate Change Summit to reduce carbon dioxide emissions in the range of 17% below 2005 levels by 2020, 42% below 2005 levels by 2030, and 83% below 2005 levels by 2050. In an address towards the U.S. Congress in June 2013, Obama detailed a specific action plan to achieve the 17% carbon emissions cut from 2005 by 2020, including measures such as shifting from coal-based power generation to solar and natural gas production. Christiana Figueres, executive director of the UN's climate secretariat, praised the plan as providing a vital benchmark that people concerned with climate change can use as a paragon both at home and abroad.
Greenhouse gas emissions by the United States.
The United States was the second top emitter in terms of CO2 from fossil fuels in 2009. It produced 5,420 mt (17.8% of the world's total at the time). The nation was also the second highest emitter in terms of all greenhouse gas emissions, including construction and deforestation related changes, in 2005. Specifically, the U.S. produced 6,930 mt (15.7% of the world's total). In the cumulative emissions between 1850 and 2007, the U.S. was at the top, involved with 28.8% of the world's total.
China's emissions have outpaced the U.S. in terms of CO2 from 2006 onward. To be precise, the U.S. produced 5.8 billion metric tons of it in 2006, compared to 6.23 billion from the U.S. However, per capita emission figures of China are still about one quarter of those of the U.S. population.
According to data from the US Energy Information Administration the top emitters by fossil fuels CO2 in 2009 were: China: 7,710 million tonnes (mt) (25.4%), US: 5,420 mt (17.8%), India: 5.3%, Russia: 5.2% and Japan: 3.6%.
In the cumulative emissions between 1850 and 2007 the top emitors were: 1. US 28.8%, 2. China: 9.0%, 3. Russia: 8.0%, 4. Germany 6.9%, 5. UK 5.8%, 6. Japan: 3.9%, 7. France: 2.8%, 8. India 2.4%, 9. Canada: 2.2% and 10. Ukraine 2.2%.
Current and potential effects of climate change in the United States.
A January 2013 'National Climate Assessment' study on the Great Lakes region, lead by University of Michigan scholars, stated that climate change would have mixed but net-negative effects in the region by 2050. Specifically, longer growing seasons as well as higher carbon dioxide levels were predicted to increase crop yield but heat waves, droughts, and floods were also forecast to rise. The report predicted declines in ice cover on the Great Lakes that would lengthen commercial shipping season although the regions would also suffer from invasive species as well as damaging algae blooms. The negative scenario described in the study used modeling with a 3.8 to 4.9 F° range for 2000 to 2050 warming versus the 1 F° of historical warming for 1950 to 2000.
In terms of U.S. droughts, a study published in "Geophysical Research Letters" in 2006 about the U.S. reported, "Droughts have, for the most part, become shorter, less frequent, and cover a smaller portion of the country over the last century." It also stated that the "main exception is the Southwest and parts of the interior of the West" where "drought duration and severity... have increased."
Although no extreme weather event can be solely and directly attributed to increasing global warming, the general impact of climate changes has been found in the journal "Nature Climate Change" to have caused increased likelihood of some events such as heat waves and extensive downpours. Concerns exist that, as stated by a National Institutes of Health (NIH) study in 2003, increasing "heat and humidity, at least partially related to anthropogenic climate change, suggest that a long-term increase in heat-related mortality could occur." However, the report found that, in general, "over the past 35 years, the U.S.populace has become systematically less affected by hot and humid weather conditions" while "mortality during heat stress events has declined despite increasingly stressful weather conditions in many urban and suburban areas." Thus, as stated in the study, "there is no simple association between increased heat wave duration or intensity and higher mortality rates" with current death rates being largely preventable- the NIH deeply urging American public health officials and physicians to inform patients about mitigating heat-related weather and climate affects on their bodies.
The question of whether events such as hurricanes, tornadoes, and other unusual storms have been altered by climate change in the U.S. is a subject of much uncertainty, as found in the aforementioned "Nature Climate Change" study. A fundamental problem exists in that records for those such events are of worse quality with poorer details than temperature and rainfall records. A comprehensive article in "Geophysical Research Letters" in 2006 found "no significant change in global net tropical cyclone activity" during past decades, a period when considerable warming of ocean water temperatures occurred. Significant regional trends exist such as a general rise of activity in the North Atlantic area besides the U.S. eastern coast.
Looking at the lack of certainty as to the causes of the 1995 to present increase in Atlantic extreme storm activity, a 2007 article in "Nature" used proxy records of vertical wind shear and sea surface temperature to create a long-term model. The authors found that "the average frequency of major hurricanes decreased gradually from the 1760s until the early 1990s, reaching anomalously low values during the 1970s and 1980s." As well, they also found that "hurricane activity since 1995 is not unusual compared to other periods of high hurricane activity in the record and thus appears to represent a recovery to normal hurricane activity, rather than a direct response to increasing sea surface temperature." The researches stated that future evaluations of climate change effects should focus on the magnitude of vertical wind shear for answers.
The frequency of tornadoes in the U.S. have increased, and some of said trend takes place due to climatological changes though other factors such as better detection technologies also play large roles. According to a 2003 study in "Climate Research", the total tornado hazards resulting in injury, death, or economic loss "shows a steady decline since the 1980s". As well, the authors reported that tornado "deaths and injuries decreased over the past fifty years". They state that addition research must look into regional and temporal variability in the future.
According to the Stern Review, warming of 3 or 4 °C will lead to serious risks and increasing pressures for coastal protection in New York State. 
Sea level rise has taken place in the U.S. for decades, going back to the 19th century. As stated in research published by the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences", west coast sea levels have increased by an average of 2.1 millimeters annually. In English notation, that equates to 0.083 inches per year and 0.83 inches per decade.
Crop and livestock production will be increasingly challenged. Threats to human health will increase.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) website provides information on climate change: EPA Climate Change. Climate change is a problem that is affecting people and the environment. Human-induced climate change has, e.g., the potential to alter the prevalence and severity of extreme weathers such as heat waves, cold waves, storms, floods and droughts. A report released in March 2012 by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) confirmed that a strong body of evidence links global warming to an increase in heat waves, a rise in episodes of heavy rainfall and other precipitation, and more frequent coastal flooding. The U.S. had its warmest March–May on record in 2012. (See March 2012 North American heat wave)
According to the American government's Climate Change Science Program, "With continued global warming, heat waves and heavy downpours are very likely to further increase in frequency and intensity. Substantial areas of North America are likely to have more frequent droughts of greater severity. Hurricane wind speeds, rainfall intensity, and storm surge levels are likely to increase. The strongest cold season storms are likely to become more frequent, with stronger winds and more extreme wave heights."
NOAA had registered in August 2011 nine distinct extreme weather disasters, each totalling $1 billion or more in economic losses. Total losses for 2011 were evaluated as more than $35 billion before Hurricane Irene.
As shown in the adjacent image, wet and rainy conditions versus moments of drought in the U.S. have varied significantly over the past several decades. Average conditions for the 48 contiguous states flashed into extreme drought in the mid-30s 'dust bowl' era as well as during the turn of the 20th century. In comparison, the mid-2000s decade and mid-1890s experienced only slight drought and had mitigating rainy periods. The National Drought Mitigation Center has reported that financial assistance from the government alone in the 30s dry period may have been as high as $1 billion (in 1930s dollars) by the end of the drought.
A 2012 report in "Nature Climate Change" stated that there is reason to be concerned that American climate changes could increase food insecurity by reducing grain yields, with the authors noting as well that substantial other facts exist influencing food prices as such as government mandates turning food into fuel and fluctuating transport costs. The researchers concluded that U.S. corn price volatility would moderately increase with American warming with relatively modest rises in food prices assuming that market competition and integration partly mitigated climate affects. They warned that biofuels mandates would, if present, widely increase corn price sensitivity to U.S. warming.
Policy.
The politics of global warming is played out at a state and federal level in the United States. Attempts to draw up climate change policy are being made at a state level to a greater extent than at a federal level, although the national debate has continued. President Obama committed in the 2009 Copenhagen Climate Change Summit to an American reduction in carbon dioxide emissions in the range of 17% below 2005 levels by 2020, 42% below 2005 levels by 2030, and 83% below 2005 levels by 2050.
Federal policy.
The United States, although a signatory to the Kyoto Protocol, has neither ratified nor withdrawn from the protocol. In 1997, the US Senate voted unanimously under the Byrd–Hagel Resolution that it was not the sense of the senate that the United States should be a signatory to the Kyoto Protocol. In 2001, former National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice, stated that the Protocol "is not acceptable to the Administration or Congress".
In March 2001, the Bush Administration announced that it would not implement the Kyoto Protocol, an international treaty signed in 1997 in Kyoto, Japan that would require nations to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions, claiming that ratifying the treaty would create economic setbacks in the U.S. and does not put enough pressure to limit emissions from developing nations. In February 2002, Bush announced his alternative to the Kyoto Protocol, by bringing forth a plan to reduce the intensity of greenhouse gasses by 18 percent over 10 years. The intensity of greenhouse gasses specifically is the ratio of greenhouse gas emissions and economic output, meaning that under this plan, emissions would still continue to grow, but at a slower pace. Bush stated that this plan would prevent the release of 500 million metric tons of greenhouse gases, which is about the equivalent of 70 million cars from the road. This target would achieve this goal by providing tax credits to businesses that use renewable energy sources.
Climate scientist James E. Hansen, director of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies, claimed in a widely cited "New York Times" article
in 2006 that his superiors at the agency were trying to "censor" information "going out to the public." NASA denied this, saying that it was merely requiring that scientists make a distinction between personal, and official government, views in interviews conducted as part of work done at the agency. Several scientists working at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration have made similar complaints; once again, government officials said they were enforcing long-standing policies requiring government scientists to clearly identify personal opinions as such when participating in public interviews and forums.
President Barack Obama said in September 2009 that if the international community would not act swiftly to deal with climate change that "we risk consigning future generations to an irreversible catastrophe...The security and stability of each nation and all peoples—our prosperity, our health, and our safety—are in jeopardy, and the time we have to reverse this tide is running out."
President Obama committed in the December 2009 Copenhagen Climate Change Summit to reduce carbon dioxide emissions in the range of 17% below 2005 levels by 2020, 42% below 2005 levels by 2030, and 83% below 2005 levels by 2050. Data from an April 2013 report by the Energy Information Administration (EIA), showed a 12% reduction in the 2005 to 2012 period. Just over half of this decrease has been attributed to the recession, and the rest to a variety of factors such as replacing coal-based power generation with natural gas and increasing energy efficiency of American vehicles (according to a Council of Economic Advisors analysis).
In an address towards the U.S. Congress in June 2013, the President detailed a specific action plan to achieve the 17% carbon emissions cut from 2005 by 2020, including measures such as shifting from coal-based power generation to solar and natural gas production. Some Republican and Democratic lawmakers expressed concern at the idea of imposing new fines and regulations on the coal industry while the U.S. still tries to recover from the world economic recession, with Speaker of the House John Boehner saying that the proposed rules "will put thousands and thousands of Americans out of work". Christiana Figueres, executive director of the UN's climate secretariat, praised the plan as providing a vital benchmark that people concerned with climate change can use as a paragon both at home and abroad.
State and regional policy.
Across the country, regional organizations, states, and cities are achieving real emissions reductions and gaining valuable policy experience as they take action on climate change. These actions include increasing renewable energy generation, selling agricultural carbon sequestration credits, and encouraging efficient energy use. The U.S. Climate Change Science Program is a joint program of over twenty U.S. cabinet departments and federal agencies, all working together to investigate climate change. In June 2008, a report issued by the program stated that weather would become more extreme, due to climate change. States and municipalities often function as "policy laboratories", developing initiatives that serve as models for federal action. This has been especially true with environmental regulation—most federal environmental laws have been based on state models. In addition, state actions can have a significant impact on emissions, because many individual states emit high levels of greenhouse gases. Texas, for example, emits more than France, while California's emissions exceed those of Brazil. State actions are also important because states have primary jurisdiction over many areas—such as electric generation, agriculture, and land use—that are critical to addressing climate change.
Many states are participating in Regional climate change initiatives, such as the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative in the northeastern United States, the Western Governors' Association (WGA) Clean and Diversified Energy Initiative, and the Southwest Climate Change Initiative.
Inside the ten northeastern states implementing the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, carbon dioxide emissions per capita decreased by about 25% from 2000 and 2010, as the state economies continued to grow while enacting various energy efficiency programs.
International agreements.
The chief US. negotiator in the Durban climate summit on 27 November 2011 was Todd Stern.
Public response.
Voluntary emissions trading.
Also in 2003, U.S. corporations were able to trade CO2 emission allowances on the Chicago Climate Exchange under a voluntary scheme. In August 2007, the Exchange announced a mechanism to create emission offsets for projects within the United States that cleanly destroy ozone-depleting substances.
Campus-level action.
Many colleges and universities have taken steps in recent years to offset or curb their greenhouse gas emissions in relation to campus activities. On October 5, 2006, New York University announced that it plans to purchase 118 million kilowatt hours of wind power, more wind power than any college or university in the country. Later in the same month, the small campus of College of the Atlantic in Maine became the first to vow to offset all of its greenhouse gas emissions by cutting GHG emissions and investing in emissions-cutting projects elsewhere.
In May 2007, the trustees of Middlebury College voted in support of a student-written proposal to reduce campus emissions as much as possible, and then offset the rest such that the campus is carbon neutral by 2016. As of November 2007, 434 campuses have institutionalized their commitment to climate neutrality by signing the American College and University Presidents Climate Commitment. On November 2-5th, 2007, thousands of young adults converged in Washington D.C. for Power Shift 2007, the first national youth summit to address the climate crisis. The Power Shift 2007 conference was a project of the Energy Action Coalition.
Public perceptions.
A 2012 poll showed adults in the USA are increasingly associating extreme weather with global warming. 
The table below shows how public perceptions about the existence and importance of global warming have changed in the U.S. and elsewhere prior to 2007.
Historical support for environmental protection has been relatively non-partisan. Republican Theodore Roosevelt established national parks whereas Democrat Franklin D. Roosevelt established the Soil Conservation Service. This non-partisanship began to change during the 1980s when the Reagan administration stated that environmental protection was an economic burden. Views over global warming began to seriously diverge among Democrats and Republicans when ratifying the Kyoto Protocol was being debated in 1998. Gaps in opinions among the general public are often amplified among the political elites, such as members of Congress, who tend to be more polarized.
Beyond politicians, there is a variety of views by Republicans.
Our Changing Planet.
Since 1989, the U.S. Global Change Research Program has issued "Our Changing Planet", an annual report summarizing "recent achievements, near term plans, and progress in implementing long term goals." The report for fiscal year 2010 was issued on October 28, 2009.
Measurement and modeling of climate systems have both improved dramatically in the last three decades, with measurements providing the hard data to calibrate the simulations, which in turn lead to improved understanding of the various systems and feedbacks and indicate areas where more and more detailed observations are needed. Recent developments in ensemble methods have improved understanding of and reduced uncertainty in hydrologic forcing by incoming radiation, particularly in areas with a complex topology. Multiple complementary model-validated proxy reconstructions indicate that recent warmth in the northern hemisphere is anomalous over at least the last 1300 years; using tree ring data, this conclusion can be extended somewhat less certainly to at least 1700 years. Improved measurement and analysis techniques have reconciled certain discrepancies between observed and projected trends in tropical surface and tropospheric temperatures: corrected buoy and satellite surface temperatures are slightly cooler and corrected satellite and radiosonde measurements of the tropical troposphere are slightly warmer.
Various forcing factors, including greenhouse gases, land cover change, volcanoes, air pollution and aerosols, and solar variability, have far ranging effects throughout the coupled ocean-atmosphere-land climate system. In the short term, impacts from ozone, black carbon, organic carbon, and sulfate on radiative forcing are predicted to nearly cancel, but long term projection of changing emissions patterns indicate that the warming impact of black carbon will outweigh the cooling impact of sulphates. By 2100, the projected global average increase to radiative forcing is approximately 1 W/m2.
Human activities influence climate and related systems through, among other mechanisms, land usage, water management, and earlier and more significant melting of snow cover due to greenhouse effect warming. In the southwestern United States, 60% of climate-related trends in river flow, winter air temperature, and snowpack between 1950 and 1999 were human induced. In this region, conversion of abandoned farmland to pine forests is projected to have a slight surface cooling effect, with evapotranspiration outweighing decreased albedo.
National climate change.
In July 2012, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) reported that the 12-month period July 2011 to June 2012 was the warmest 12-month period on record in the continental United States, with average temperature 3.23°F above the average for the 20th century. Earlier it was reported that exceptionally warm months between January and May 2012 had made the 12 month previous to June 2012 the warmest 12-month block since record keeping began, but this record was exceeded by the July 2011 to June 2012 period. NOAA stated that the odds of the July 2011 to June 2012 high temperatures occurring randomly was 1 in 1,594,323.
From 1898 through 1913, there have been 27 cold waves which totaled 58 days. Between 1970 and 1989, there were about 12 such events. From 1989 until January 6, 2014, there were none. The one on the latter date caused consternation because of decreased frequency of such experiences.
Climate change by state.
Alaska.
Alaska has seen effects of global warming. The United States Coast Guard officials expect to expand activities as global warming melts these once ice-locked waters.
California.
California has taken legislative steps towards reducing the possible effects climate change by incentives and plans for clean cars, renewable energy and stringent caps on big polluting industries. In September 2006, the California State Legislature passed AB 32, the "Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006" with the goal of reducing man-made California greenhouse gas emissions (1.4% of global emissions in 2004) back to 1990 emission levels by 2020. The legislation grants the Air Resource Board extraordinary powers to set policies, draw up regulations, lead the enforcement effort, levy fines and fees to finance it and punish violators. The technical and regulatory requirements are far reaching. Some of this sweeping regulation is being challenged in the courts. The law is intended to make low-carbon technology more attractive, and promote its adoption in production in California.
While California's claims of successful energy efficiency policy have been widely accepted, a 2013 study argued external factors explained ~95% of the appearance of California's relative efficiency gains. The report cited three key factors: relatively large household size; relatively low household income growth; and US population shift to the Southwest (which increased the average per-capita energy use for the other 49 states).
Colorado.
Colorado may be facing a shrinking ski season and an impaired agriculture industry.
Idaho.
Idaho emits the least carbon dioxide per person of the United States, less than 23,000 pounds a year. Idaho forbids coal-power plants. It relies mostly on nonpolluting hydroelectric power from its rivers. Over the last century, the average temperature near Boise, Idaho, has increased nearly 1°F, and precipitation has increased by nearly 20% in many parts of the state, and has declined in other parts of the state by more than 10%. These past trends may or may not continue into the future. Over the next century, climate in Idaho may experience additional changes. For example, based on projections made by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and results from the
United Kingdom Hadley Centre’s climate model (HadCM2), a model that accounts for both greenhouse gases and aerosols, by 2100 temperatures in Idaho could increase by (with a range of 2-9°F) in winter and summer and (with a range of 2-7°F) in spring and fall.
Massachusetts.
Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick has recently signed into law three global warming and energy-related bills that will promote advanced biofuels, support the growth of the clean energy technology industry, and cut the emissions of greenhouse gases within the state. The Clean Energy Biofuels Act, signed in late July, exempts cellulosic ethanol from the state's gasoline tax, but only if the ethanol achieves a 60% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions relative to gasoline. The act also requires all diesel motor fuels and all No. 2 fuel oil sold for heating to include at least 2% "substitute fuel" by July 2010, where substitute fuel is defined as a fuel derived from renewable non-food biomass that achieves at least a 50% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions. In early 2008 August, Governor Patrick signed two additional bills: the Green Jobs Act and the Global Warming Solutions Act. The Green Jobs Act will support the growth of a clean energy technology industry within the state, backed by $68 million in funding over 5 years. The Global Warming Solutions Act requires a reduction of greenhouse gas emissions in the state to 10%-25% below 1990 levels by 2020 and to 80% below 1990 levels by 2050.
Nevada.
Climate change in Nevada has been measured over the last century, with the average temperature in Elko, Nevada, increasing 0.6°F (0.3°C), and precipitation has increased by up to 20% in many parts of the state. Based on projections made by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and results from the Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research climate model (HadCM2), a model that accounts for both greenhouse gases and aerosols, by 2100, temperatures in Nevada could increase by 3-4°F (1.7-2.2°C) in spring and fall (with a range of 1-6°F and by 5-6°F (2.8-3.3°C) in winter and summer (with a range of 2-10°F [1.1-5.6°C). Earlier and more rapid snowmelts could contribute to winter and spring flooding, and more intense summer storms could increase the likelihood of flash floods. Climate change could have an impact on crop production, reducing potato yields by about 12%, with hay and pasture yields increasing by about 7%. Farmed acres could rise by 9% or fall by 9%, depending on how climate changes. The region's inherently variable and unpredictable hydrological and climatic systems could become even more variable with changes in climate, putting stress on wetland ecosystems. A warmer climate would increase evaporation and shorten the snow season in the mountains, resulting in earlier spring runoff and reduced summer streamflow. This would exacerbate fire risk in the late summer. Many desert-adapted plants and animals already live near their tolerance limits, and could disappear under the hotter conditions predicted under global warming.
New York.
Climate change in New York City could affect buildings/structures, wetlands, water supply, health, and energy demand, due to the high population and extensive infrastructure in the region. New York is especially at risk if the sea level rises, due to many of the bridges connecting to boroughs, and entrances to roads and rail tunnels. High-traffic locations such as the airports, the Holland Tunnel, the Lincoln Tunnel, and the Passenger Ship Terminal are located in areas vulnerable to flooding. Flooding would be expensive to reverse. New York has launched a task force to advise on preparing city infrastructure for flooding, water shortages, and higher temperatures.
Texas.
Over the next century, climate in Texas could experience additional changes. For example, based on projections made by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and results from the United Kingdom Hadley Centre’s climate model (HadCM2), a model that accounts for both greenhouse gases and aerosols, by 2100 temperatures in Texas could increase by about 3 °F (~1.7 °C) in spring (with a range of 1-6°F) and about 4 °F (~2.2 °C) in other seasons (with a range of 1-9°F). Texas emits more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than any other state. And if Texas were a country, it would be the seventh-largest carbon dioxide polluter in the world . Texas's high carbon dioxide output and large energy consumption is primarily a result of large coal-burning power plants and gas-guzzling vehicles (low miles per gallon). Unless increased temperatures are coupled with a strong increase in rainfall, water could become more scarce. A warmer and drier climate would lead to greater evaporation, as much as a 35% decrease in streamflow, and less water for recharging groundwater aquifers. Climate change could reduce cotton and sorghum yields by 2-15% and wheat yields by 43-68%, leading to changes in acres farmed and production. With changes in climate, the extent and density of forested areas in east Texas could change little or decline by 50-70%. Hotter, drier weather could increase wildfires and the susceptibility of pine forests to pine bark beetles and other pests, which would reduce forests and expand grasslands and arid shrublands.
Washington.
Visible physical impacts on the environment within WA State include glacier reduction, declining snow-pack, earlier spring runoff, an increase in large wildfires, and rising sea levels which affect the Puget Sound area. Less snow pack will also result in a time change of water flow volumes into fresh water systems, resulting in greater winter river volume, and less volume during summer's driest months, generally from July through October. These changes will result in both economic and ecological repercussions, most notably found in hydrological power output, municipal water supply and migration of fish.
Collectively, these changes are negatively affecting agriculture, forest resources, dairy farming, the WA wine industry, electricity, water supply, and other areas of the state. Beyond affecting wildfires, climate change could impact the economic contribution of Washington’s forests both directly (e.g., by affecting rates of tree growth and relative importance of different tree species) and indirectly (e.g., through impacts on the magnitude of pest or fire damage).Beyond affecting wildfires, climate change could impact the economic contribution of Washington’s forests both directly (e.g., by affecting rates of tree growth and relative importance of different tree species) and indirectly (e.g., through impacts on the magnitude of pest or fire damage). Beyond growth rates, climate change could affect Washington forests by changing the range and life cycle of pests.
Washington State currently relies on hydro power for 72% of its power and sales of hydro power to both households and businesses topped 4.3 billion dollars in 2003. Washington State currently has the 9th lowest cost for electricity in the US. Climate change will have a negative effect on both the supply and demand of electricity in Washington. The available electricity supply could also be affected by climate change. Currently, peak stream flows are in the summer. Snowpack is likely to melt earlier in the future due to increased temperatures, thus shifting the peak stream flow to late winter and early spring, with decreased summer stream flow. This would result in an increased availability of electricity in the early spring, when demand is dampened, and a decreased availability in the summer, when the demand may be highest.
West Virginia.
Warming and other climate changes could expand the habitat and infectiousness of disease-carrying insects, thus increasing the potential for transmission of diseases such as malaria and dengue (“break bone”) fever. Warmer temperatures could increase the incidence of Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases in West Virginia, because populations of ticks, and their rodent hosts, could increase under warmer temperatures and increased vegetation. Lower streamflows and lake levels in the summer and fall could affect the dependability of surface water supplies, particularly since many of the streams in West Virginia have low flows in the summer. Hay yields could increase by about 30% as a result of climate change, leading to changes in acres farmed and production. Farmed acres could remain constant or could decrease by as much as 30% in response to changes in prices, for example, possible decreases in hay prices. In areas where richer soils are prevalent, southern pines could increase their range and density, and in areas with poorer soils, which are more common in West Virginia’s forests, scrub oaks of little commercial value (e.g., post oak and blackjack oak) could increase their range. As a result, the character of forests in West Virginia could change. The state of West Virginia is 97% forested, and much of this cover is in high-elevation areas. These areas contain some of the last remaining stands of red spruce, which are seriously threatened by acid rain and could be further stressed by changing climate. Given a sufficient change in climate, these spruce forests could be substantially reduced, or could disappear. Higher-than-normal winter temperatures could boost temperatures inside cave bat roosting sites, which has been shown to cause higher mortality due to increased winter body weight loss in endangered Indiana bats (e.g., an increase of during winter hibernation has been associated with a 42% increase in the rate of body mass loss).
Wyoming.
On a per-person basis, Wyoming emits more carbon dioxide than any other state or any other country: of it per capita a year, because of burning coal, which provides nearly all of the state's electrical power. Warmer temperatures could increase the incidence of Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases in Wyoming, because populations of ticks, and their rodent hosts, could increase under warmer temperatures and increased vegetation. Increased runoff from heavy rainfall could increase water-borne diseases such as giardia, cryptosporidia, and viral and bacterial gastroenteritis. The headwaters of several rivers originate in Wyoming and flow in all directions into the Missouri, Snake, and Colorado River basins. A warmer climate could result in less winter snowfall, more winter rain, and faster, earlier spring snowmelt. In the summer, without increases in rainfall of at least 15-20%, higher temperatures and increased evaporation could lower streamflows and lake levels. Less water would be available to support irrigation, hydropower generation, public water supplies, fish and wildlife habitat, recreation, and mining. Hotter, drier weather could increase the frequency and intensity of wildfires, threatening both property and forests. Drier conditions would reduce the range and health of ponderosa and lodgepole forests, and increase their susceptibility to fire. Climate change also poses a threat to the high alpine systems, and this zone could disappear in many areas. Local extinctions of alpine species such as arctic gentian, alpine chaenactis, rosy finch, and water pipit could be expected as a result of habitat loss and fragmentation. In cooperation with the Wyoming Business Council, the Converse Area New Development Organization drafted an initiative to advance geothermal energy development in Wyoming. The Wyoming Business Council offers grants for homeowners who want to install photovoltaic (PV) systems.
Multiple states.
Sea level rise affects multiple states.

</doc>
<doc id="18246586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246586" title="1976 ABA All-Star Game">
1976 ABA All-Star Game

GAME 9: at McNichols Arena, Denver, Colorado, January 27, 1976
MVP: David Thompson, Denver Nuggets
Coaches: 
In the 1976 ABA All Star Game, the league abandoned the usual East vs. West format it used from the 1967-68 season onward and instead had the league's first place team at the All Star break face off against a team of ABA All Stars. At the All Star break the Denver Nuggets were in first place, which was convenient as the Nuggets had also been selected to host the game in McNichols Arena. (The Nuggets went on to finish the regular season in first place at 60-24 (.714), but after beating the Kentucky Colonels 4 games to 3 in the ABA Semifinals the Nuggets lost in the 1976 ABA Finals to the New York Nets, 4 games to 2.)
Pre-game entertainment was provided by Glen Campbell and Charlie Rich.
Halftime of the All Star Game saw the first-ever Slam Dunk Contest, which was won by Julius Erving of the New York Nets (who took off from the free throw line for one of his dunks) over David Thompson of the Denver Nuggets, Artis Gilmore of the Kentucky Colonels, George Gervin of the San Antonio Spurs and Larry Kenon of the Spurs. The NBA later adopted the Slam Dunk Contest as part of its All Star Game starting in 1984 (also hosted by the Denver Nuggets).
Denver's 52 fourth quarter points was a record for an ABA All Star Game and capped a ferocious comeback win.
This was the final ABA All Star Game, due to the ABA-NBA merger in June 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18246593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246593" title="Greek Basket League awards">
Greek Basket League awards

Greek Basket League awards are the yearly individual awards that are given by the top-tier professional basketball league in Greece, the Greek Basket League.

</doc>
<doc id="18246601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246601" title="Daryl Runswick">
Daryl Runswick

Daryl Runswick (12 October 1946) is a classically trained English composer, arranger, musician, producer and educationalist. 
He started playing bass with leading UK jazz musicians in the mid-60s, including Dick Morrissey and John Dankworth, with whom he would tour and compose for extensively for some 12 years. In 1969, he was a member of the Lionel Grigson-Pete Burden Quintet, and in 1972 he played and recorded with the Ian Hamer Septet, a band in which he coincided with Tubby Hayes, among others, and throughout the 1970s he was also a member of the London Jazz Four. As a session musician he later branched out into more popular music, including appearing on the first The Alan Parsons Project recording and working with Elton John.
He has also worked with the London Sinfonietta, Nash Ensemble and The King's Singers, Pierre Boulez, Ornette Coleman, Simon Rattle and Sarah Vaughan.
Cleo Laine has recorded several of his compositions.
From 1995 to 2005 he was Head of Composition Faculty at Trinity College of Music (notable students include Angie Atmadjaja, Dai Fujikura, Harris Kittos, Nikos Veliotis and Reynaldo Young).
As a composer he has written film and TV scores, including the films "Gullsandur" ("Golden Sands") (1985) and "No Surrender" (1985), and the TV series Seekers (1992). His major concert work, "Maybe I Can Have an Everlasting Love" for voice, computer-generated electronics and orchestra, premiered in 2005 at Blackheath Halls, London. His works have also been conducted by Jeffrey Skidmore and played by the BBC Symphony Orchestra, among others.
As a record producer, Runswick has also produced recordings by Keith Tippett.
Runswick is the author of a standard textbook "Rock, Jazz and Pop Arranging".

</doc>
<doc id="18246621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246621" title="Izgubljen u vremenu">
Izgubljen u vremenu

Izgubljen u vremenu (trans. ""Lost In Time"") is the second studio album by Serbian heavy metal band Kraljevski Apartman. Following the release of their first album "Long Live Rock 'n' Roll" and good reactions of the fans and critics, the band, with a changed lineup, entered the studio to record the second studio album. The album featured a cover of Uriah Heep's "Lady in Black" entitled "Slike". Promotional video was recorded for the track "Posle oluje (javi se...)". The album featured four tracks from the "Long Live Rock 'n' Roll" as bonus tracks.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Zoran Zdravković except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18246628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246628" title="Entropy estimation">
Entropy estimation

In various science/engineering applications, such as independent component analysis, image analysis, genetic analysis, speech recognition, manifold learning, and time delay estimation it is useful to estimate the differential entropy of a system or process, given some observations.
The simplest and most common approach uses histogram-based estimation, but other approaches have been developed and used, each with their own benefits and drawbacks. The main factor in choosing a method is often a trade-off between the bias and the variance of the estimate although the nature of the (suspected) distribution of the data may also be a factor.
Histogram estimator.
The histogram approach uses the idea that the differential entropy, 
can be approximated by producing a histogram of the observations, and then finding the discrete entropy
of that histogram (which is itself a maximum-likelihood (ML) estimate of the discretized frequency distribution), where "w" is the width of the "i"th bin. Histograms can be quick to calculate, and simple, so this approach has some attractions. However, the estimate produced is biased, and although corrections can be made to the estimate, they may not always be satisfactory.
A method better suited for multidimensional probability density functions (pdf) is to first make a pdf estimate with some method, and then, from the pdf estimate, compute the entropy. A useful pdf estimate method is e.g. Gaussian mixture modeling (GMM), where the expectation maximization (EM) algorithm is used to find an ML estimate of a weighted sum of Gaussian pdf's approximating the data pdf.
Estimates based on sample-spacings.
If the data is one-dimensional, we can imagine taking all the observations and putting them in order of their value. The spacing between one value and the next then gives us a rough idea of (the reciprocal of) the probability density in that region: the closer together the values are, the higher the probability density. This is a very rough estimate with high variance, but can be improved, for example by thinking about the space between a given value and the one "m" away from it, where "m" is some fixed number.
The probability density estimated in this way can then be used to calculate the entropy estimate, in a similar way to that given above for the histogram, but with some slight tweaks.
One of the main drawbacks with this approach is going beyond one dimension: the idea of lining the data points up in order falls apart in more than one dimension. However, using analogous methods, some multidimensional entropy estimators have been developed.
Estimates based on nearest-neighbours.
For each point in our dataset, we can find the distance to its nearest neighbour. We can in fact estimate the entropy from the distribution of the nearest-neighbour-distance of our datapoints. (In a uniform distribution these distances all tend to be fairly similar, whereas in a strongly nonuniform distribution they may vary a lot more.)
Bayesian estimator.
When in under-sampled regime, having a prior on the distribution can help the estimation. One such Bayesian estimator was proposed in the neuroscience context known as the NSB (Nemenman–Shafee–Bialek) estimator. The NSB estimator uses a mixture-of-Dirichlet prior, chosen such that the induced prior over the entropy is approximately uniform.
Estimates based on expected entropy.
A new approach to the problem of entropy evaluation is to compare the expected entropy of a sample of random sequence with the calculated entropy of the sample. The method gives very accurate results, but it is limited to calculations of random sequences modeled as Markov chains of the first order with small values of bias and correlations. This is the first known method that takes into account the size of the sample sequence and its impact on the accuracy of the calculation of entropy.

</doc>
<doc id="18246630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246630" title="Harry Ness">
Harry Ness

Harry Ness was a footballer who played for Barnsley and Sunderland. He was a Full Back.
Club career.
Harry Ness was part of the Barnsley side that contested the 1910 FA Cup Final. They lost in a replay 2–0 to Newcastle United. He transferred to Sunderland in 1911.
He was a FA Cup runner up again in 1913 FA Cup Final when Sunderland were beaten 1–0 by Aston Villa but he did get a league winners' medal as Sunderland topped the table.
Honours.
Barnsley
Sunderland

</doc>
<doc id="18246644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246644" title="Electric Wizard/Reverend Bizarre">
Electric Wizard/Reverend Bizarre

Electric Wizard/Reverend Bizarre is a split EP released by the English doom metal band Electric Wizard and the Finnish doom band Reverend Bizarre. It was released in 2008 through Rise Above Records. The Reverend Bizarre song is a cover of Finnish black metal band Beherit. The Electric Wizard track is exclusive to this release and takes its name from the novel by weird fiction author William Hope Hodgson.
Release.
The EP was released in two versions – a standard 12" vinyl version and a deluxe version on blood red vinyl that includes a poster and an uncensored cover with metallic lettering. The standard version is limited to 2000 (500 purple vinyl, 500 clear vinyl, 500 silver vinyl, 500 black vinyl), while the deluxe version is limited to 350.
The Reverend Bizarre track is also included on the compilation "Death Is Glory...Now!".

</doc>
<doc id="18246646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246646" title="Paulist National Catholic Evangelization Association">
Paulist National Catholic Evangelization Association

In 1977, the Missionary Society of St. Paul the Apostle (the Paulist Fathers) established the Paulist National Catholic Evangelization Association (PNCEA). Its mission then and now is to equip Catholics to evangelize, that is, to witness to and proclaim the Good News of Jesus Christ. 
PNCEA carries out its mission by:
Founder.
Fr. Alvin A. Illig, CSP, established the Paulist National Catholic Evangelization Association as an apostolate arm of the Paulist Fathers. Fr. Illig served as the director from 1977 to 1991 as well as the first Executive Director of the National Conference of Catholic Bishops’ Committee on Evangelization from 1977 to 1982. In 1983 Pope John Paul II awarded Fr. Alvin Illig with the Pro Ecclesia et Pontiface medal for his excellent service to the Bishops’ Committee on Evangelization. During his time at PNCEA, Fr. Illig focused on evangelization to inactive Catholics and the unchurched Americans. At the funeral of Fr. Illig in 1991, Roger Cardinal Mahoney stated: “Father Alvin Illig is surely this country’s modern apostle of evangelization. No one has done more than him to revitalize a spirit of evangelization among Catholics in these United States."
Resources programs.
Awakening Faith.
Awakening Faith equips a parish to help inactive Catholics reconnect with the Catholic Church. It consists of six weekly sessions of conversations around the topics of spirituality, Jesus, the Holy Spirit, God's Mercy, the Mass, and the Church. The sessions include reflection, discussion, and prayer in a setting of hospitality and confidentiality.
Best Practices for Parishes.
BPP is a ready-to-use tool to assess the quality of seven dimensions of parish life using best practices statements from church documents, pastoral experiences, and ministry experts. The assessment results become the basis for action planning. The seven workbooks are Prayer and Worship, Catechesis, Evangelization, Justice and Charity, Stewardship, Family/Pastoral Care, and Community Building.
Catholic Faith Inventory.
CFI is an online survey instrument to assist individuals in understanding their experience of the Catholic faith. CFI is a questionnaire in which participants respond to a little more than 100 questions. Each of the questions in the Inventory pertains to a certain aspect of the Catholic Faith. Answers to these questions will produce a "picture" of their faith.
Disciples in Mission.
"Disciples in Mission" is a three-year process that integrates Sunday liturgies, small faith-sharing groups, catechesis, family activities, teen groups, planning, and follow –up activities into a coordinated parish wide experience of Evangelization. Since 1996 over 4,500,000 Catholics in over 3,600 parishes across the United States have benefited from "Disciples in Mission".
ENVISON.
"ENVISION" is a comprehensive, results-driven parish planning process that fully engages parishioners in developing and implementing a faith-based vision for their parish.
Paulist Evangelization Training Institute.
PETI is learning program that uses an online classroom where students view narrated presentations by the instructor, answer weekly discussion questions, and engage in insightful conversations with classmates. PETI offers several different topics including: The Evangelizing Catholic, Go and Make Disciples, Outreach to Inactive Catholics, Forming Teen Disciples, Faithful Celebration of Mass, Good News and Religious Pluralism, Faithful Citizenship, From Maintenance to Mission, and Spiritual Grandparenting. Courses range in length from 4 to 12 weeks.
Evangelization Exchange.
E-Exchange is a free electronic newsletter that is published 10 times per year. The newsletter provides evengelization leaders information on new opportunities and resources as well as emerging trends.
Prison ministries.
PNCEA Prison Ministries provides chaplains and volunteers ministering in correctional facilities with Bibles, newsletters ("Let's Talk!" and "¡Hablemos!"), prayer cards, and other Catholic religious materials. Our material is available at no cost in both English and Spanish. PNCEA Prison Ministries is entirely supported by donors who share concern for the spiritual needs of prisoners.

</doc>
<doc id="18246654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246654" title="The Substitute (1993 film)">
The Substitute (1993 film)

The Substitute is a 1993 television movie, directed by Martin Donovan, and written by David S. Goyer under the pseudonym Cynthia Verlaine.It stars Amanda Donohoe, Dalton James, Natasha Gregson Wagner and Mark Wahlberg in his first acting role and credited as 'Marky Mark' due to his successful hip hop career.
Plot.
High school teacher Gayle Richardson finds out her husband is cheating on her. She murders both him and his mistress in an outburst of rage. One year later, she has moved to another school under an assumed name. However, news about her past starts to re-emerge, forcing her to embark on yet another killing spree to protect her identity and her crimes.
Production.
Casting.
Wahlberg was at the beginning of his career, and accordingly was cast in a secondary role (as "Marky Mark"). He consequently did not feature prominently in publicity at the time. However, in recent DVD issues, he has been depicted on the front cover, as a composite image with his face clearly overlaid on a stand-in's body.

</doc>
<doc id="18246658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246658" title="Continental Clay Brick Plant">
Continental Clay Brick Plant

The Continental Clay Brick Plant in Martinsburg, West Virginia includes a number of beehive brick kilns. Originally coal-fired, then converted to natural gas, the kilns are now largely disused, except for a few used to dry sand. 

</doc>
<doc id="18246664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246664" title="Gvar'am">
Gvar'am

Gvar'am () is a kibbutz in southern Israel. Located around 12 kilometres from Ashkelon on the road to Yad Mordechai, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof Ashkelon Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 333.
The kibbutz was established in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="18246719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246719" title="Eugénie Blanchard">
Eugénie Blanchard

Anne Eugénie Blanchard (16 February 18964 November 2010) was a French-Saint Barthélemy supercentenarian, who at the age of was the oldest living person at the time of her death. She became the recognised titleholder upon the death of Japanese supercentenarian Kama Chinen on 2 May 2010. At the time of her death, Blanchard was the 33rd oldest person ever verified, the 3rd oldest verified French person ever and the oldest verified person ever from the island of Saint Barthélemy (administratively and legally a part of Guadeloupe from 1878 until 2007), which is an overseas collectivity of France.
Biography.
Blanchard was born in the Merlet neighborhood of St. Barths on 16 February 1896. She was born only 18 years after the former Swedish island of St. Barths was sold back to France. Blanchard was the last survivor of thirteen brothers and sisters.
Blanchard moved to Curaçao in May 1923, where she became a Catholic nun of the Congregation of Franciscan Sisters of Roosendaal on the island. She adopted the name Sister Cyria during her years with the order, but earned the nickname "Sweets" due to her treatment of others, according to Victorin Lurel, the President of the Regional Council of neighboring Guadeloupe. Other reports have indicated that Curaçaoan children called her "Douchy," which is derived from ""Dushi"" meaning "sweets" or "candy" in Papiamento, the creole language of Curaçao, because she worked as a sweet seller.
Blanchard remained with the Congregation of Franciscan Sisters of Roosendaal on Curaçao until August 1955, when she returned to Saint Barthélemy at the age of 60. She resided alone with her cat until she moved to a hospital nursing home in 1980 at the age of 84 due to declining health. 
Blanchard was described as generally in good health during her later years, despite the loss of her eyesight and her inability to speak. She died in Saint Barth's on 4 November 2010, at the age of 114.
She was succeeded as the oldest verified person in the world by Maria Gomes Valentim of Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="18246727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246727" title="The Sporting Times">
The Sporting Times

The Sporting Times (founded 1865, ceased publication 1932) was a weekly British newspaper devoted chiefly to sport, and in particular to horse racing. It was informally known as "The Pink 'Un", as it was printed on pink paper.
History.
The paper was founded in 1865 by John Corlett, of Charlton Court, East Sutton, Kent, who was both its editor and its proprietor, and by a Dr Shorthouse. Corlett also wrote a column in the paper called 'Our Note Book' and was associated with it from 1865 to 1913. "The Sporting Times" was published on a Saturday, and its competitors included "The Field", "The Sportsman", the "Sporting Life", and "Bell's Life in London". According to Alexander Andrews's "Chapters in the History of British Journalism", the paper thrived "less upon its racing news than upon its profusion of coarse and scurrilous scraps of tittle-tattle, representing 'society journalism' in its most degraded form".
In the 1870s, the chess column of "The Sporting Times" was written by John Wisker (1846–1884), winner of the 1870 British Chess Championship.
On 14 September 1889, the magazine "Vanity Fair" carried one of its caricatures, printed in colour, of "The Sporting Times" editor John Corlett, subtitled "The Pink 'Un".
In Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's story "The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle", first published in the "Strand Magazine" in January 1892, Sherlock Holmes deduces that a man is keen on gambling by noticing that he has a copy of the paper, commenting - "When you see a man with whiskers of that cut and the 'Pink 'un' protruding out of his pocket, you can always draw him by a bet".
In 1922, under the heading "The Scandal of Ulysses", the paper reviewed the complete edition of James Joyce's novel "Ulysses" just published in Paris, its columnist 'Aramis' writing trenchantly:
In "Old Pink 'Un Days" (1924), the sporting journalist J. B. Booth wrote about his work with the newspaper and its development, with anecdotes of the turf, the theatre, and boxing, and with frank accounts of some of the colourful characters of the worlds of sport and Fleet Street during the early twentieth century. He followed this up with "A Pink 'Un Remembers" (1937) and "Sporting Times: The Pink 'Un World" (1938).
In his novel "Burmese Days", the English writer George Orwell (Eric Blair) recounts that the "Pink'Un" was staple reading for British colonialists in India and Burma in the early 20th Century:
In P.G. Wodehouse's short story 'Bingo and the Little Woman, Bertie Wooster reveals that "bar a weekly wrestle with the Pink ’Un and an occasional dip into the form-book, I’m not much of a lad for reading."
The paper ceased publication in 1932.
Rudyard Kipling mentions "The Sporting Times" as "The Pink 'Un" in his autobiography "Something of Myself" (1937).
Origin of the Ashes.
On 29 August 1882, at the Oval, the England cricket team was beaten for the first time in a home Test match by Australia, and on 2 September "The Sporting Times" newspaper published a famous satirical death notice of English cricket:
This notice followed a similar one which had appeared two days before in C. W. Alcock's "Cricket: a Weekly Record of The Game", reading in full: However, "The Sporting Times" was the first to refer to cremation and 'ashes'.
The England cricket team toured Australia during the winter of 1882, and after it had won two out of three Tests its captain was presented with an urn containing the ashes of a cricket bail. Since then, The Ashes is the trophy England and Australia play for in Test match cricket. The urn is kept in the Lord's Cricket Ground museum.
The "Sporting Times"' mock-obituary has been caricatured many times, notably by Australia's "Daily Telegraph" in describing Australia’s series loss to South Africa at the MCG IN 2008:
RIP, Australian Cricket, slaughtered by South Africa, December 30 at the MCG, aided and abetted by incompetent selectors, inept batting, impotent bowling, dreadful catching, poor captaincy.”

</doc>
<doc id="18246734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246734" title="List of ship commissionings in 1909">
List of ship commissionings in 1909

The list of ship commissionings in 1909 includes a chronological list of all ships commissioned in 1909.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18246736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246736" title="Peg Perego">
Peg Perego

Peg Perego is an Italian manufacturer of juvenile products (i.e., strollers, high chairs, car seats, children’s ride-on toys). In addition to their home location in Italy, the company now has offices in Brazil, Canada, and the United States.
History.
In 1949, Giuseppe Pérego decided to design a baby carriage for his son. His neighbors were impressed and requested their own custom creations. Eventually, the carriages became so popular that he started a company. After carriages, Peg Perego’s baby products have since expanded to include strollers, car seats, and high chairs.
In 1960, the company looked into a slightly more mature market: children's ride-on toys. Peg Perego designed and built plastic, pedal-operated children’s riding vehicles. These toys have become more advanced, and the company now sells battery-powered John Deere, Polaris, Cub Cadet, Ducati, and Vespa ride-on toys for children. 
Popular culture.
"The Nanny Diaries": Scarlett Johansson pushes a Pliko P3 (Freestyle Mint)
Awards.
Baby and Children’s Product News: 2008 Readers’ Favorites Awards (3rd place-Carseats) 
Creative Child Magazine: 2007 Top Choice of the Year (Prima Pappa Best High Chair and Primo Viaggio SIP 30/30 Car Seat)
Creative Child Magazine: 2007 Seal of Excellence (Pliko P3)
Kind + Jugend Innovation Award: 2007 World of Mobile Baby (Skate)
Recall.
On July 24, 2012, The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, in cooperation with Peg Perego USA Inc., of Fort Wayne, Indiana, is announcing a voluntary recall of about 223,000 strollers due to a risk of entrapment and strangulation. 

</doc>
<doc id="18246769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246769" title="Tour de France during World War II">
Tour de France during World War II

The Tour de France was not held during World War II because the organisers refused German requests. Although a 1940 Tour de France had been announced earlier, the outbreak of the war made it impossible for it to be held. After that, some attempts were made by the Germans during the war to have a Tour de France to maintain the sense of normality, but "l'Auto", the organising newspaper, refused. Some other races were run as a replacement.
After World War II, "l'Auto" was closed for collaborating with the Germans. The rights to organise the Tour went to the French government. As two newspapers were interested in these rights, they each organised a small Tour of five stages, and the race run by "L'Équipe" was considered the most successful, therefore "L'Équipe" could organise the 1947 Tour de France.
History.
Already before the war, the political situation in Europe had its influence on the Tour de France. Political reasons caused Italy, Germany and Spain to refuse to send teams to France for the 1939 Tour de France. The 1938 Tour de France winner, Gino Bartali, was among those affected. Henri Desgrange, the original race organizer, and Jacques Goddet, his deputy and replacement, announced plans for a Tour de France in August 1940.
Races planned or held during the Occupation.
1940 Tour de France.
Henri Desgrange planned a Tour for 1940, after war had started but before France had been invaded. The route, approved by military authorities, included a route along the Maginot Line. Teams would have been drawn from military units in France, including the British, who would have been organised by a journalist, Bill Mills. The plans were dropped after the German invasion. The records and paperwork of the Tour were taken south to keep them safe but were never seen again. Desgrange died in August 1940, and his successor, Jacques Goddet, initially wanted to organise the Tour during the war, arguing that sport should remain neutral.
1941 Tour de France.
In 1941, the newspaper "Paris-soir", run by Germans, tried to persuade "l'Auto" to coorganize the Tour, but Goddet did not accept.
1942 Tour de France.
The German Propaganda Staffel wanted the Tour to be run and offered facilities otherwise denied, in the hope of maintaining a sense of normality. They offered to open the borders between German-occupied France in the north and the nominally independent Vichy France in the south, so that "l'Auto" could organize a Tour, together with "La France Socialiste", but Goddet refused. He was, in any case, in little position to run a race of that scale because many of the staff had left "L'Auto'"s office in Paris to go south.
1942 Circuit de France.
"La France Socialiste", run by Jean Leulliot, Goddet's former colleague at "L'Auto", did not have the same reluctance, and organized the race on its own. Leulliot, who had been manager of the French team that won the Tour in 1937, had become head of sport at "La France Socialiste" which, despite its name, was a right-wing paper that sympathized with the Germans. Leulliot assembled sixty-nine riders for the race, the Circuit de France, which ran from 28 September to 4 October 1942. Over six stages and , it went from Paris to Paris via Le Mans, Poitiers, Limoges, Clermont-Ferrand, St-Étienne, Lyon and Dijon.
One of the riders, Émile Idée, told the writer and cyclist Jean Bobet that he had been threatened with the Gestapo if he didn't take part. Bobet said: "I asked him to repeat it to see if I had understood. I was stunned ["dans la tête ça fait tilt"]!"
The Circuit de France was organized between 28 September 1942 and 4 October 1942 by "La France Socialiste" in both the occupied zone and Vichy France, to give a feeling of nationality. The race had six multinational teams, and was won by François Neuville. The inexperience of the organizers, combined with bad weather and logistical problems, made the race a disaster. Although there were plans to hold the race again in 1943, it was never held.
The mountains classification was won by Pierre Brambilla.
1943 Tour de France.
The 1943 Tour de France was not held, but instead, "L'Auto" organized a readers' poll in 1943 to name the perfect team for a Tour de France, were one to be run. More than 10,000 took part.
1943 Grand Prix du Tour de France.
In 1943, "l'Auto" ran what it called the "Grand Prix du Tour de France", the paper's assessment of the greatest riders calculated using their placings in single-day races, all organised by "l'Auto". At the end of the season, a yellow jersey was given to the cyclist with the best overall classification. The winner was Jo Goutorbe. Even though The Grand Prix du Tour de France was organized by Jacques Goddet, but he made it clear that it was not an official Tour de France.
The Grand Prix du Tour de France 1943 consisted of the following races:
1944 Grand Prix du Tour de France.
In 1944, the Grand Prix du Tour de France was done again, but it was not completed because the liberation of France stopped the races from being run. Maurice De Simpelaere was the leader at the time the races were interrupted.
Candidate Tours after liberation.
After the liberation of France in 1944, "L'Auto" was closed and its belongings, including the Tour de France were sequestrated by the state for having published articles too close to the Germans. All rights to the Tour were therefore owned by the government. Jacques Goddet was allowed to publish another daily sports paper, "L'Équipe", but there was a rival candidate to run the Tour: a consortium of the magazines "Sports" and "Miroir Sprint". Each organised a candidate race. "L'Équipe" and "Le Parisien Libéré" had "La Course du Tour de France", ("The Race of the Tour de France" – as close as they dared come to calling the race by its original name), and "Sports" and "Miroir Sprint" had "La Ronde de France". Both were five-stage races, the longest the government would allow because of shortages.
Ronde de France.
From 10 July to 14 July 1946, the Ronde de France was organized. The cyclists were divided in commercial teams, but the commercial teams were each allowed to field two teams, one composed of French cyclists and one of foreign cyclists. It was won by Giulio Bresci, who also won two stages and the mountains classification.
La Course du Tour de France.
The Course du Tour de France (), also known as Monaco–Paris was organised in 1946 by Le Parisien Libéré together with l'Equipe. The race had many things familiar to the old Tours de France: there were six national teams and five regional French teams, and the leader in the race was also given a yellow jersey.
The race was won by French cyclist Apo Lazarides. The mountains classification was won by Jean Robic.
Aftermath.
The Course du Tour de France, "L'Équipe'"s race, was better organised and appealed more to the public because it featured national teams which had been so successful before the war, when French cycling was at a high. In late 1946, both organisers intended to organise their race again in 1947, this time at the same time. The UCI then decided in December 1946 to give "L'Équipe" the right to organize the 1947 Tour de France. After their main rival "Sports" objected to this, the rights were instead given to La Societé du Parc du Princes, because this was thought to be a neutral choice. In early 1947, it became clear that the organisation of the Tour de France was difficult financially without a newspaper and, in June 1947, one month before the 1947 Tour de France would start, the Societé du Parc du Princes transferred the rights to "L'Equipe".
Émile Besson, communist sports writer and a member of the Resistance from 1943 when he was 17, called "L'Équipe'"s victory political. Besson, who was a member of the national study into French sport under the Occupation, set up by Marie-George Buffet when she was sports minister between 1997 and 2002, said:
It was a bit much to have given them the right to run the Tour again after all that to "L'Autos pro-German attitude and closure. Goddet had the keys to the Velodrome d'Hiver when Germans wanted it in the round-up of Jews in July 1942. After the Liberation, the battle between Left and Right had the Tour as one of its prizes.
Goddet had to defend his wartime behaviour at an inquiry in Algiers. He pointed to the way he had allowed Resistance workers to print anti-German tracts at his newspaper and called Émilien Amaury in his defence. Amaury had a blameless record in the Resistance. He was also a right-wing businessman; his ideals close to Goddet's. It was with Amaury and his paper, "Le Parisien Libéré", that Goddet ran La Course du Tour de France. It was Amaury's reputation that landed Goddet the Tour. That, says Besson, and because the rival candidate was two magazines with a communist background and President Charles de Gaulle was determined to limit communist influence. De Gaulle had spent much of his time during the war trying to prevent communist domination of the Resistance. Communists held many key positions in France just before and after Liberation but De Gaulle refused even to thank them for their work. Albert Bourlon, who won the 14th stage of the 1947 Tour de France, told Jean Bobet that he was convinced that his membership of the Communist Party denied him access to the race afterwards.
Amaury eventually took control of both the paper and the Tour de France, and as of 2012 is still the organiser of the Tour de France, under the name Amaury Sport Organisation.
Jean Leulliot was tried for his role in organising races under German patronage but he was cleared after fellow journalists, including Goddet, spoke in his favour.

</doc>
<doc id="18246800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246800" title="Présidial">
Présidial

The Présidial was a judicial tribunal of the French Ancien Régime, set up in January 1551 (Old Style) by Henry II of France and suppressed by a decree of the National Assembly in 1790.

</doc>
<doc id="18246838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246838" title="Keith Waldon">
Keith Waldon

Keith Waldon is a physiotherapist and sports coach, who was assistant manager of Portsmouth F.C. under Terry Fenwick, and who acted as caretaker manager of the club in January 1998 after Fenwick's dismissal. In his time as caretaker, Waldon lost of all three of his matches. At the end of January, Alan Ball was appointed as manager.

</doc>
<doc id="18246876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246876" title="Princess Maria Amélia of Brazil">
Princess Maria Amélia of Brazil

Dona Maria Amélia (1 December 1831 – 4 February 1853) was a princess of the Empire of Brazil and a member of the Brazilian branch of the House of Braganza. Her parents were Emperor Dom Pedro I, the first ruler of Brazil, and Amélie of Leuchtenberg. The only child of her father's second marriage, Maria Amélia was born in France after Pedro I abdicated the Brazilian throne in favor of his son Dom Pedro II. Before Maria Amélia was a month old, Pedro I went to Portugal to restore the crown of the eldest daughter of his first marriage, Dona Maria II. He fought a successful war against his brother Miguel I, who had usurped Maria II's throne.
Only a few months after his victory, Pedro I died from tuberculosis. Maria Amélia's mother took her to Portugal, where she remained for most of her life without ever visiting Brazil. The Brazilian government refused to recognize Maria Amélia as a member of Brazil's Imperial House because she was foreign-born, but when her elder half-brother Pedro II was declared of age in 1840, he successfully intervened on her behalf.
Maria Amélia became engaged to Archduke Maximilian of Austria in early 1852, but before the marriage could take place she contracted tuberculosis, and was taken to the town of Funchal on the Portuguese island of Madeira. Despite its reputedly healthy climate, her health continued to deteriorate, and she died on 4 February 1853. Her body was taken to mainland Portugal and interred in the Braganza Pantheon; almost 130 years later, her remains were taken to Brazil. In honor of her daughter, Maria Amélia's mother financed the construction of the ""Princesa D. Maria Amélia"" hospital in Funchal. Maria Amélia's fiancé, Maximilian, made a pilgrimage to Brazil and Madeira, a journey that influenced his acceptance of the throne of Mexico in 1864.
Early life.
Birth.
Maria Amélia was born on 1 December 1831 in Paris and christened Maria Amélia Augusta Eugênia Josefina Luísa Teodolinda Elói Francisco Xavier de Paula Gabriela Rafaela Gonzaga. She was the only daughter of Dom Pedro, the Duke of Braganza, and his second wife Amélie of Leuchtenberg. Through her father, Maria Amélia was a member of the Brazilian branch of the House of Braganza (Portuguese: "Bragança"), and was referred to by the honorific "Dona" (Lady) from birth. She was the granddaughter of the Portuguese King João VI. Maria Amélia's mother was the daughter of Eugène de Beauharnais, Duke of Leuchtenberg and the stepson of Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte of France. Eugène was married to Princess Augusta, eldest daughter of King Maximilian I of Bavaria.
Pedro had formerly been the first Emperor of Brazil, as Pedro I, and also King of Portugal, as Pedro IV. He was succeeded on the Portuguese throne by his eldest daughter, Maria II, Maria Amélia's elder half-sister. The young Queen was the child of Pedro's first marriage to Archduchess Maria Leopoldina of Austria. In 1828, Maria II's crown was usurped by Dom Miguel I, Pedro's younger brother. Eager to restore his daughter to her throne, Pedro abdicated the Brazilian crown in April 1831 and departed for Europe with Amélie, who was pregnant with Maria Amélia.
To acknowledge Maria Amélia's rights as a Brazilian princess, Pedro invited several guests to observe her birth, including the Brazilian diplomatic envoy to France. The newborn's godparents were the French King Louis Philippe I and his consort Maria Amalia of Naples and Sicily, after whom she was named. Pedro sent a letter to his children who had remained in Brazil—including his son, child-emperor Dom Pedro II—with the message: "Divine Providence wanted to lessen the sorrow that my paternal heart feels in the separation from Y.I.M. Imperial Majesty, giving me one more Daughter, and to Y.I.M., one more sister and subject".
Brazilian princess.
When Maria Amélia was only 20 days old, her father departed France to invade Portugal. For almost two years, she lived in Paris with her mother and half-sister Maria II. When news arrived that the Portuguese capital, Lisbon, had fallen to Pedro's forces, Amélie of Leuchtenberg left Paris with her infant daughter and stepdaughter for Portugal. They arrived in Lisbon on 22 September 1833 and disembarked the next day. Charles John Napier, a British naval officer who had fought alongside Pedro, wrote about the emotional reunion: "I never saw so happy and pleased; he went onboard just a little above Belém; he was received at the ladder by the empress [Amélie who hugged and kissed him with the greatest affection: the queen was very moved and could not hold her tears. The little Princess [Maria Amélia, his youngest daughter, took much of his attention: she became somewhat scared of seeing his bushy beard and did not warm to his caresses."
With Miguel I defeated and in exile, and Maria II restored to the throne, Maria Amélia and her family remained in Portugal, first residing in the Palace of Ramalhão, and later in the Royal Palace of Queluz near Lisbon. But the war had taken its toll on Pedro's health, and he was dying of tuberculosis. Maria Amélia, who was not yet three years old, was taken during the early hours of 24 September 1834 to Pedro's deathbed. Very weak, Pedro raised his hands to bless her and said: "Always tell this child of the father who loved her so dearly ... not to forget me ... always to obey her mother ... those are my last wishes". Pedro died in the early afternoon of the same day.
The widowed Amélie never remarried, and spent her time overseeing her daughter's upbringing in Portugal, where they remained despite not being members of the Portuguese Royal Family, though closely related. Neither Amélie nor her daughter ever visited Brazil, but Amélie unsuccessfully petitioned the Brazilian government to recognize her daughter as a member of Brazil's Imperial Family, which would have entitled her to an income. Maria Amélia's half-brother Pedro II was a minor, and the government of Brazil was in the hands of a precarious regency. The government refused to acknowledge Maria Amélia as a Brazilian princess owing to her foreign birth, and forbade both her and her mother from setting foot in Brazil. The situation would only change after Pedro II was declared of age in 1840 and was in a position to insist that she be recognized as a member of his household. Aureliano Coutinho (later Viscount of Sepetiba), the Minister of Foreign Affairs, requested the Brazilian parliament to grant Maria Amélia recognition, which occurred on 5 July 1841.
Education and engagement.
With the purpose of refining her education, Maria Amélia moved with her mother in the middle 1840s to Munich, capital of Bavaria, where many of her relatives lived. A dedicated student, she was given classes that encompassed a broad array of subjects that included rhetoric, philosophy, history, geography, German literature, mathematics and physics. She learned to speak and write not only in Portuguese, but also in English, French and German. She became highly skilled in drawing, painting and playing the piano. An intelligent young woman with a fiery temper and shrewd mind, Maria Amélia was described by a teacher as having, "without knowing, an exceptional talent for dialectic, an ability that would make the fortune of a young law student."
The memory of her father apparently motivated Maria Amélia's dedication to her education. The late Duke of Braganza cast a large shadow in her life, and was always remembered by his daughter, who would often ask the people around her: "and my father, who looks at me from heaven, shall he be pleased with his daughter?" She was never quite able to cope with her father's death and it deeply touched her. Maria Amélia remarked after she saw a garden where Pedro planted a sycamore: "A profound sadness invaded me when contemplating these trees, which had survived my father and probably shall survive all of us. It is an image of human fragility. Man is the most frail of all beings; he dies, while the objects which were seemingly created for his use, endure the centuries! ... But I am digressing in my melancholic reflections".
At the end of 1850 Maria Amélia and her mother returned to Portugal, and settled in the "Janelas Verdes" palace. In early 1852, her cousin the Austrian Archduke Maximilian, then serving in the Austrian navy and on a stopover in Portugal, paid a visit to her. Maximilian's mother was the younger half-sister of Maria Amélia's maternal grandmother, and both women were members of the House of Wittelsbach from Bavaria. He was also related to Maria Amélia's older half-siblings, as his father was the younger brother of Brazilian Empress Leopoldina. They had met previously at a family reunion in Munich in 1838, when she was only a child. In this second meeting, however, they fell in love. Maximilian was enthralled by Maria Amélia, a kind young woman with blue eyes and blonde hair "of striking beauty as well as cultivated intelligence". They were betrothed, but the engagement was never made official as a result of her early death.
Later years.
Death.
In February 1852, Maria Amélia contracted scarlet fever. As the months passed, she did not recover and developed a persistent cough, the onset of tuberculosis. On 26 August, the princess departed from the "Janelas Verdes" palace, where she lived, and traveled to the island of Madeira. The island's climate had a salutary reputation, as Maria Amélia noted: "the fevers disappear, they say, as if by magic!"
Maria Amélia and her mother, who had accompanied her, disembarked on 31 August in Funchal, the capital of Madeira. The entire town greeted her joyfully, and a crowd followed the princess to her new home. She adored the island and told her mother: "If I one day recover my previous robust health, isn't that so mommy, we will stay a long time in this island. We will make long excursions in the mountains, we will find new paths, just as we did in Stein!" But her health worsened, and by the end of November, all hope was gone. By the beginning of 1853, the princess was bedridden, and she knew death was approaching: "My strength diminishes from day to day; I can feel it ... we are reaching the beginning of the end." A little after midnight in the early hours of 4 February, a priest administered the last rites. Maria Amélia tried to comfort her mother: "Do not cry ... let God's will be done; may He come to my aid in my last hour; may He console my poor mother!" She died later that morning at around 04:00.
The princess's body remained in a chapel next to the house where she died until it was taken back to the Portuguese mainland on 7 May 1853. On 12 May, the coffin was disembarked at Lisbon, and a grandiose funeral followed. Her remains were interred next to her father's in the Braganza Pantheon, located in the Monastery of São Vicente de Fora. Almost 130 years later, in 1982, Maria Amélia's remains were carried to Brazil and placed in the "Convento de Santo Antônio" (Convent of Saint Anthony) in Rio de Janeiro, where other Brazilian royals are interred.
Legacy.
Emperor Pedro II had never met his younger sister in person, but had developed a strong relationship with her through her letters. He wrote in his journal seven years after her death: "I heard the mass for my sister Amélia with whom I was so close and feel so sorry for never having met." Amélie visited her daughter's tomb every 4 February until her own death, and financed the construction of a hospital in Funchal called ""Princesa D. Maria Amélia"" in her daughter's honor; the hospital is still in existence. Amélie bequeathed her properties in Bavaria to Archduke Maximilian, "whom [she would felt happy having as a son-in-law, had God conserved beloved daughter Maria Amélia".
Archduke Maximilian was haunted by the memory of Maria Amélia, and after his marriage to Charlotte of Belgium he made a pilgrimage in 1859–60 to locations connected to his ex-fiancée. Upon reaching the island of Madeira, he wrote: "Here died, of tuberculosis, on 4 February 1853, the only daughter of the Empress of Brazil, an extraordinarily gifted creature. She left this flawed world, pure as an angel who returns to Heaven, her true native land."
Maximilian visited the hospital in Funchal that bore Maria Amélia's name, and until his death financed the maintenance of a double hospital room there. He also donated a statue of Our Lady of Sorrows in memory of Maria Amélia. Next he visited the house (called "Quinta das Angústias", or Anguished Villa) where she died; he wrote: "for a long time I stood silent amidst thoughts of sorrow and longing under the shadow of a magnificent tree that enfolds and protects the house where the angel, so bitterly wept for, ceased to exist". In his memoirs, Maximilian also mentioned the island of Madeira, where "the life extinguished that seemed destined to guarantee my own tranquil happiness".
Following his arrival in Brazil on 11 January 1860 Maximilian became fascinated by the country, the only monarchy in South America, and then under the rule of his deceased fiancée's elder brother. Inspired by the stability and prosperity he saw there, on 10 April 1864 he agreed to become emperor of the newly founded Mexican Empire, believing he could achieve the same results in Mexico. But instead Maximilian was executed on 19 June 1867, after being by Mexican republicans. In a last homage to Maria Amélia, as he was stripped of his belongings to face a firing squad, Maximilian asked that the small medallion of the Blessed Virgin Mary she had given to him, and which he wore around his neck, be sent to her mother. While Maria Amélia's life had little effect on events in either Brazil or Portugal, her death had significant, if indirect, repercussions on the history of Mexico.
Titles and honors.
Honors.
Princess Maria Amélia was a recipient of the following Brazilian Orders:
She was a recipient of the following foreign honors:

</doc>
<doc id="18246888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246888" title="List of Assamese periodicals">
List of Assamese periodicals

Leading Assamese magazines.
Literary magazines.
Editor : **********
Editor : Pradip Baruwa
Editor : Dr. L N Bora
Editor : Anuradha Sarma Pujari
Editor : ***********
Editor : ************
Editor : **********
News magazines.
Editor :

</doc>
<doc id="18246891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246891" title="Nicolas Le Riche">
Nicolas Le Riche

Nicolas Le Riche (born January 29, 1972, Sartrouville, Yvelines) is a French ballet dancer. He entered the Paris Opera Ballet school at age ten and joined the corps de ballet six years later; his first ròle was in Gsovsky's "Grand Pas Classique". He was promoted to "sujet" in 1990 and "premier danseur" in 1991. Balletmaster Rudolf Nureyev cast him as Mercutio and subsequently Romeo in his version of "Romeo and Juliet"; he then performed in Nijinska's "Le Train Bleu", in Robbins' "In the Night", Neumeier's "Vaslaw", Lander's "Etudes", Nureyev's "La Bayadère", Mats Ek's version of "Giselle", and Petit's "Le Jeune Homme et la Mort" and "Les Forains".
Le Riche was promoted to the Paris Opera Ballet's highest rank, that of "étoile" (literally, star), after his debut in the róle of Albrecht in the traditional version of "Giselle". He performed "A Suite of Dances" as guest artist at New York City Ballet's Jerome Robbins celebration in June 2008. As choreographer he has made ballets since 2001, including "Caligula" to Vivaldi's "The Four Seasons" in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18246901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246901" title="Darryl Rhoades">
Darryl Rhoades

Darryl Rhoades (born June 7, 1950) is an American musician and comedian.
Life and career.
Rhoades' musical career dates back the formation of the Hahavishnu Orchestra in 1975. The Orchestra was a 12-piece musical comedy troup traveling nationally until 1978. The name of his 1970s group, the Hahavishnu Orchestra, is a take-off on the name of John McLaughlin's popular 1970s jazz/fusion group The Mahavishnu Orchestra.
During this period, Kurt Loder (of "Rolling Stone" & MTV) was quoted proclaiming Rhoades as "one of the most savagely gifted writer/performers in the country today".
The music of the Orchestra is often compared to The Fugs, Frank Zappa and even The Tubes.
On New Year's Eve 1977, Rhoades and the orchestra appeared on the "James Brown Future Shock" television show on fledgling WTBS.
In January 1978, Rhoades performed with the opening act for the American debut of the Sex Pistols.
1979 saw the release of Rhoades' first LP, "Burgers From Heaven", with its title song appearing in the Jim Varney film, "Fastfood" in 1988. Rhoades performed the title song on the now cult classic Bill Tush WTBS late-night comedy sketch show Tush during 1980-81 in the early days of cable television, as well as performed as the Idolators on Georgia Championship Wrestling as the ring music for wrestler Austin Idol. The Outlaws also recorded a cover of Rhoades' "The Lights Are On (But Nobody's Home)" on the 1979 album "In The Eye Of The Storm".
From 1981 to 1984 whereabouts of Rhoades are extremely sketchy. In 1985, Rhoades assembled The Men from Glad and released his second LP, "Better Dead Than Mellow". in 1989, Rhoades began his stand-up comedy career.
In 1991 he released a compilation of his first three albums called "Before and After His Time". In 1992 he released his fifth album, "Cowpokin' & Udder Love Songs" which got airplay across the country.
Working non stop and receiving airplay from syndicated radio shows such as "The Dr Demento Show" & "The John Boy & Billy Big Show" has helped to create a large following and leaving little time for Rhoades to perform with musical groups. He performs on rare occasions as the drummer for The Electrifyin' Sissies, which include record producer Brendan O'Brien, Rick Richards from the Georgia Satellites, and radio personality/rock historian Rex Patton.
In 1994 he released his 6th LP, "The Lean Years 1950-1994". The album received even more airplay with his infamous 'U Suck Beer" commercials which have become his trademark in his standup.
In April, 1999 he released his seventh LP titled "Radio Daze...The Shroud of Tourin"'. This CD is a parody of radio deejays from all over the U.S., and close to forty different performers with satire of bad gospel music, commercials, and unfunny morning radio shows.
In May 2001 Rhoades released his eighth comedy and music recording entitled "Rhoades...All Over The Map". The CD was aptly titled as it contained various musical styles such as jazz, country, swing, heavy metal, rockabilly and more. Also, on this CD are versions of a couple of his songs recorded live in a rare radio interview and recorded live standup from the Punchline in Atlanta.
On September 12, 2009, Rhoades regrouped many of the original members of the Hahavishnu Orchestra for a one night only celebration at the Variety Playhouse in Atlanta, Georgia. Most recently, Rhoades played drums in the Santa Fe scenes in the 2009 academy winning movie, "Crazy Heart".

</doc>
<doc id="18246909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246909" title="Modified nodal analysis">
Modified nodal analysis

In Electrical Engineering Modified Nodal Analysis or MNA is an extension of nodal analysis which not only determines the circuit's node voltages (as in classical nodal analysis), but also "some" branch currents. Modified nodal analysis was developed as a formalism to mitigate the difficulty of representing voltage-defined components in nodal analysis (e.g. voltage-controlled voltage sources). It is one such formalism. Others, such as sparse tableau formulation, are equally general and related via matrix transformations.
Method.
The MNA uses the element's "Branch Constitutive Equations" or BCE, i.e., their voltage - current characteristic and the Kirchhoff's circuit laws. According to the method is done in four steps, but it can be reduced to three. 
Step 1
Write the KCL of the circuit. At each node of an electric circuit one writes the currents coming in and out of the node. Take care however in the MNA the current of the independent voltage sources is taken from the "plus" to the "minus". See Figure 1. Also note that the right hand side of each equation is "always" equal to zero. So that the branch currents that come inside the node are given a negative sign, whereas the branch currents coming out are given a positive sign.
Step 2 
Use the BCE in terms of the node voltages of the circuit to eliminate as many branch currents as possible. Writing the BCE's in terms of the node voltages saves one step. If the BCE's were written in terms of the branch voltages, one more step, i.e., replacing the branches voltages for the node ones, would be necessary. In this article the letter "e" is used to name the node voltages, while the letter "v" is used to name the branch voltages.
Step 3
Finally, write down the unused equations.
Example.
The figure shows a RC series circuit and the table shows the BCE of a linear resistor and a linear Capacitor. Note that in the case of the resistor the admittance formula_1 i, formula_2, is used instead of formula_3. We now proceed as explained above. 
Step 1
In this case there are two nodes, formula_4 and formula_5. Also there are "three" currents: formula_6, formula_7 and formula_8.
At node "e1" the KCL yields: 
formula_9
and at node "e2":
formula_10
Step 2
With the provided BCEs in the table and observing that: 
formula_11
formula_12
formula_13
the following equations are result:
formula_14
formula_15
Step 3
Note that at this point there are two equations but three unknowns. The missing equation comes from the fact that 
formula_16
and so finally we have three equations and unknowns, what leads to a solvable linear system.
Modified Nodal Analysis and DAEs.
If the vector formula_17 is defined, then the above equations can be put in the form
formula_18 
where formula_19, formula_20 and formula_21.
This is a linear differential algebraic equation (DAE), since formula_22 is singular. It can be proved that such a DAE coming from the Modified Nodal Analysis will have differentiation index less or equal than two.

</doc>
<doc id="18246911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246911" title="Ionicus">
Ionicus

Ionicus was the pen name of Joshua Armitage (26 September 1913 – 1998), an English illustrator.
He is best known for drawing the covers for a wide range of Penguin editions of P. G. Wodehouse, though he also contributed cartoons and drawings to "Punch" for more than 40 years, and provided cover designs and text illustrations for nearly 400 books in total.
Book cover art.
Although best known for his depiction of Wodehouse's idyllic England, Ionicus also drew covers for a number of well-known authors in other genres, such as the following:
Wartime art.
During his wartime service in the British Navy he also contributed to the Admiralty-sponsored monthly magazine "Ditty Box".

</doc>
<doc id="18246913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246913" title="Grubber">
Grubber

A grubber was a term sometimes used in Victorian England to describe people who scavenged in drains for a living.

</doc>
<doc id="18246923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246923" title="Neranjan Wijeyeratne">
Neranjan Wijeyeratne

Neranjan Priyadarshana Dullewe Wijeyeratne (Sinhala:නෙරංජන් ප්‍රියදර්ශන දූල්ලෑව විජයරත්න) (born 9 August 1956) (known as "Neranjan Wijeyeratne") is a Sri Lankan politician. He was United National Party ex chief organiser for the Galagedara Electorate in Kandy District and former Diyawadana Nilame (Chief lay Custodian) of the Temple of the Tooth.
He is the current Leader of the Opposition in the Kandy Municipal Council.
Early life.
Born to Nissanka Wijeyeratne & Nita Dullewe Wijeyeratne he is the eldest of three brothers and a sister. His father and grandfather, Sir Edwin Wijeyeratne were prominent politicians who had become cabinet ministers and his brother Mano Wijeyeratne was Non-Cabinet Minister of Enterprise Development and Plantation Services. Neranjan Wijeyeratne was educated at Royal College, Colombo.
Diyawadana Nilame.
Following his father's footsteps, he was elected Diyawadana Nilame (Chief lay Custodian) of the Temple of the Tooth, Kandy in March 1985 and served for a total of 20 years, until 2005, being re-elected once again in May 1995. Prior to being named the Diyawadana Nilame he served a term of 5 years as Basnayake Nilame (Lay Custodian) of Lankathilaka Maha Vishnu devalaya, Kandy. He was noted for his ability when the temple was restored following the LTTE bombing in 1998. He was also responsible for the construction of the famous 'golden fence' around Sri Dalada maligawa. He set up the Dalada Museum, which houses a historic collection of artifacts related to the Temple of the Tooth and Buddhism in Sri Lanka. The 'Temple of the Tooth Special Development Fund and Sri Dalada Maligawa Buddhist Welfare Fund was set up by him. Meanwhile, the Pallekale Sri Lanka International Buddhist Academy (Thai Sri Lanka International Buddhist Institution) with a modern conference hall that can accommodate up to 1000 guests was established by Neranjan Wijeyeratne while he was Diyawadana Nilame. During his tenure, he maintained close links with Japanese, Chinese, Thai and Myanmar religious dignitaries and played a major role in promoting Sri Lanka's Buddhist heritage.
Politics.
After stepping down as Diyawadana Nilame following his second term, he went in to active politics. He is the current leader of the opposition in the Kandy Municipal Council.
Family.
He is married to Devika Mediwake Daughter of Dr Laxminath & Chintha Mediwake, and Grand Daughter of William Gopallawa (first President of Sri Lanka) and has two children Mokshana Wijeyeratne & Navindra Wijeyeratne.

</doc>
<doc id="18246942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246942" title="Grubbing">
Grubbing

Grubbing or clearing refers to the removal of trees, shrubs, stumps and rubbish from the future right-of-way of a transportation corridor (i.e. a highway), cut lines or the footprint of a structure. Grubbing is performed following surveying and preceding construction.

</doc>
<doc id="18246944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246944" title="Broken Slavey">
Broken Slavey

Broken Slavey (also "Broken Slavé, Broken Slave, Slavey Jargon, Broken Slavee," and "le Jargon esclave") was a trade language used between Indians and whites in the Yukon area (for example, in around Liard River and in the Mackenzie River district) in the 19th century.
Broken Slavey is based primarily on the Slavey language with elements from French, Cree, and perhaps to a lesser extent English. However, there is some disagreement among sources: Petitot (1889) states that it lacks English, Dene Suline (Chipewyan), or Gwich’in (Kutchin) elements in contrast to the neighbouring Loucheux Pidgin (or Loucheux Jargon), while Dall (1870) states that it includes English elements and McClellan (1981) states that it contained Dene Suline influences. Later sources have ignored the earlier accounts and assumed that "Broken Slavey" is merely French vocabulary (loanwords) used in northern Athabascan languages. Michael Krauss has suggested that French loanwords in Athabascan languages may have been borrowed via Broken Slavey.
A further difference among sources is that Petitot distinguishes the Broken Slavey trade language spoken along the Mackenzie River from a different trade language called Loucheux Pidgin that was spoken along the Peel (a tributary of the Mackenzie) and Yukon rivers. Other contemporary sources as well as later sources do not make a distinction between Broken Slavey and Loucheux Pidgin, which may explain their inclusion of English, Dene Suline, and Gwich’in as influences on Broken Slavey.
The native languages of speakers who used Broken Slavey (known in Alaska as 'Slavey') were Dene Suline, French, Gwich’in, Inuktitut, Slavey. One notable speaker of Slavey Jargon was Antoine Hoole, the Hudson's Bay Company translator at Fort Yukon. Hoole (or Houle) was a professional servant of the Company who served for well over twenty years at Peel River and at Fort Yukon.
Having a French-speaking father and a Métis mother, Hoole was born in 1827 and raised in a household where at least two languages were spoken. He originally came from Fort Halkett on the Liard River in what is now the southern Yukon Territory. He probably spoke South Slavey because that was the Indian language spoken around the Liard River, although Sekani and Kaska people also frequented the area. Hoole died in Fort Yukon at the age of forty-one, on October 22, 1868. The Gwich’in apparently stopped speaking the jargon in the early 20th century. The gold rush, with its massive influx of English speakers into the region beginning in 1886, probably provided a death blow. One speaker, Malcolm Sandy Roberts of Circle, Alaska, continued to use it in a diminished form until his death in 1983.
The best written historical documentation of Slavey Jargon shows its actual use was for preaching the gospel and for teasing and harassing clergymen, and for interpersonal relationships. For all these reasons, it seems inaccurate to characterize it strictly as a trade jargon.
Broken Slavey has recently been documented with a few vocabulary items and phrases (collected in Petitot's work) and only a little of its grammar and lexicon. However, more information may yet be discovered in archives through missionary records and traders' journals.

</doc>
<doc id="18246956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246956" title="2009 Beach Volleyball World Championships">
2009 Beach Volleyball World Championships

The 2009 SWATCH FIVB Beach Volleyball World Championships is a beach volleyball event, that was held from June 26 to July 5, 2009 in Stavanger, Norway. The Swatch FIVB World Championships are organized every two years, and Norway is the first Northern European country to host the event. The city of Stavanger had earlier hosted ten Open and Grand Slam events at the SWATCH FIVB World Tour.
The 2009 event was the seventh official edition of the championship, after ten unofficial championships (1987–1996) all held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The total Prize Money for 2009 was US$1 Million.

</doc>
<doc id="18246987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18246987" title="Helio Vera">
Helio Vera

Helio Vera was a Paraguayan writer, lawyer and journalist. He was columnist of the ABC Color Journal of Asunción and published many stories and novels in his entire career.
His life.
Helio Vera worked as a reporter in the first years of ABC Color and after working on other media he reincorporated as columnist and editorialist. His first attempt in the literary world was in the 1980s with essays and criticism and hilarious stories about the Paraguayan culture. He earned a well-disserved prestige by his talent and his distinctive style. In his work he used a direct language and was distinguished with many awards as the "El Lector" Prize to the best literary work in 1984 for "Angola y otros Cuentos" (Angola and other stories); the first place in the 5th Centenary Essay Contest in 1988 organized by the Ibero-American Cooperation Institute and the Embassy of Spain, for the Essay "Teoría y Práctica de la Paraguayología" (Theory and Practice of the Paraguayanology); and the first prize in the “Néstor Romero Valdovinos” Story Contest in 1992.
He was an active member of the Revolutionary Febrerista Party, full member of the International Socialist, even his grave had the flag of his party on top. His picture also is in the gallery of illustrate Februarists in the Martyrs of the Februarism Hall.
Last days.
He died on March 25, 2008 in the Santa Clara Clinic of Asunción where he was interned after being operated for a cerebral emboli that he suffered that month. His situation complicated because of an arritmia, the diabetes and arterial hypertension.

</doc>
<doc id="18247000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247000" title="Kunming Trust">
Kunming Trust

Kunming International Trust Co, established in 1993, is a Chinese trust company based in Kunming, Yunnan. It is a relatively small firm in China which has several billion yuan (several hundred million dollars) of assets under management but is the largest in the southwest province of Yunnan. Kunming Trust is currently controlled by the financial authority of the Kunming municipal government, which has agreed to clear the trust firm's debt. 
Since 2006 Kunming Trust has been one of many to be targeted by the financial authorities to bolster China's trust companies, which were hit over the past decade by a series of bankruptcies and scandals.
Kunming Trust was ordered by China's central bank to carry out an internal overhaul after its operations ran into trouble, due partly to failed investments early this decade that involved the misuse of clients' assets, according to reports in China's official media.
In July 2008, the Australian bank Macquarie Group planned to buy just under 20 percent of Kunming Trust. After spending over a year in negotiations, Macquarie is expected to hold management control and have the right to appoint senior executives at Kunming Trust, and it will work with other new domestic investors to restructure the firm.

</doc>
<doc id="18247001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247001" title="Julián Alarcón">
Julián Alarcón

Julián Alarcón (28 January 1888 - 19 August 1957) was a Paraguayan composer and violinist.
Biography.
Alarcón was born in Asunción.
Beginning in 1909, Alarcón studied guitar and violin at the Paraguayan Gymnasium. In 1913, he traveled to Montevideo, Uruguay to continue his studies. In 1919, Alarcón edited an album consisting of Paraguayan folk songs.
Alarcón worked as a musician for more than 20 years in Argentina and Brazil. He formed the “Guaraní Trio,” along with members Carlos S. Caballero and Manuel Moreno.
In 1942, he won the Paraguayan Atheneum's Compositioning prize with his song “Abandonada” ("Abandoned", in English). In 1950, he won the Ministry of Education and Culture's contest with “Ka’avovei”.
He died at Asunción in 1957.
Work.
Alarcón composed an estimated 300 songs. His more popular songs include: “Serenata clásica”, “Nanawa” (a patriotic polka), “3 de mayo” (a folkloric anthem of Paraguay), “Nde resa kuarahy’ame” (A love song with lyrics from Teodoro S. Mongelós), “Recuerdos del Paraguay”, “Sábado ka’aru”, “Alegre amanecer”, “Ha Paraguay”, “Zorzal del Paraguay”, “Tesa yvoty”, “Serenata”, “Marave ndoikói” and “Loma Clavel”.

</doc>
<doc id="18247003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247003" title="John Kemény (prince)">
John Kemény (prince)

János Kemény (December 14, 1607 in Magyarbükkös – January 23, 1662 in Szásznagyszőllős) was a Hungarian aristocrat, writer and prince of Transylvania.
János Kemény, offspring of a Transylvanian family of Hungarian aristocrats, held various political and military positions in the Principality of Transylvania, during the reign of princes Gábor Bethlen and George I Rákóczi. As he writes, the family descends from Kemeny Simon, who disguised himself as Hunyadi János and was killed by the Turks instead of his master. The story is recorded by Heltai Gaspar's work, Magyar Cronica, a Hungarian translation/rewriting of the Latin of Antonio Bonfini published in 1560s.
Under George II Rákóczi, he became the chief advisor of the prince, and leader of the military campaigns to Moldavia in 1653 and Poland in 1657, the latter being aimed at obtaining the Polish crown for Rákóczi. The Turks strongly opposed to Rákóczi's Polish ambitions and prohibited any military action. In the face of Turkish prohibition, Kemény also objected to the prince's ill-conceived Polish undertaking, and unwillingly took the leadership of the campaign that ended in disaster; Kemény's army, deserted by the Swedish allies, was captured by the Crimean Tatar allies of the Turks.
Kemény was held captive by the Tatars until August 1659, when he was released for a huge ransom. During his captivity in Bakhchisaray he wrote his Autobiography (in Hungarian), one of the most excellent masterpieces of the Transylvanian memoirist literature of the 17th century.
When he returned to Transylvania, he found a country torn by the ambitions of George II Rákóczi, unwilling to resign, a number of would-be princes, and a Turkish Porte vengeful for the unauthorized military campaign. The Sublime Porte now openly disregarded the Transylvanian Estates' right to elect the prince; Kemény saw this, and the successional invasions of Transylvania by the Turks and their Crimean Tatar allies, as an end of Transylvania's autonomy, which he thought could be prevented only with reliance on Habsburg help.
Kemény was elected prince by the Transylvanian Diet on 1 January 1661, after Ákos Barcsai, backed up by the Turks, was forced to resign. In April 1661, the Transylvanian Diet, led by Kemény, proclaimed the secession of Transylvania from the Ottoman Empire and called on for help from Vienna. In turn, an overwhelming Turkish and Tatar army attacked Transylvania in June, defeating Kemény's army and driving him to Royal Hungary. The Turks installed Mihály Apafi as prince; Kemény, initially supported by Austrian general Montecuccoli returned to Transylvania in early September. However, the Austrian army soon deserted him, and Kemény was killed by the Turks in the battle of Nagyszőllős.
His renessaince family castle is now in half-ruin, due to neglect of the government, in Aranyosmeggyes - visible from the main road Cluj-Napoca-Turda.

</doc>
<doc id="18247016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247016" title="Victorino Abente y Lago">
Victorino Abente y Lago

Victorino Abente y Lago (born in Mugía, Spain, June 2, 1846) was a Paraguayan poet. 
He went to Paraguay when resentments of the Paraguayan War (1864–1870) were still fresh. 
In spite of being Galician, his life and work identifies with the Paraguay since the very moment of his arrival in March 1869, when the Brazilian and Argentine troops occupied the country.
First steps.
He was related with the second stage of the Paraguayan romanticism that begun after the War Against the Triple Alliance, and even with the post-romanticism. Also collaborated with many journals of the capital, where he published many of his own poetries. His poems were dedicated to the renaissance of the nation, being properly known as the "poet of the national resurrection". A few months before his decease could watch his country victorious in the war against Bolivia between 1932 and 1935.
Career.
His poems, spread on many journals and magazines of his time, were recompiled and published after his decease in Asunción by his grandson Cándido Samaniego Abente in a book entitled "Poetic Anthology: 1867-1926", in 1984.
About his work, Ignacio A. Pane wrote: ""He sang the most beautiful, passionate, enthusiastic and poetic song in just one word that until now writers and teachers have been directing the Paraguay... Taken by the wings of his own inspiration he made that the 'Paraguayan Sibyl' stood firm and tended the pointer finger of the prophet to show him the Promised Land...""
Last years.
Married with Isabel Miskowsky, Victorino Juan Ramón Abente y Lago deceased in Asunción, December 22, 1935.
Work.
His most outstanding poems are:

</doc>
<doc id="18247022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247022" title="Bernard Squarcini">
Bernard Squarcini

Bernard Squarcini, born on 12 December 1955 in Rabat, Morocco, is the current head of the "Direction centrale du renseignement intérieur" (DCRI), France's counter-espionage and counter-terrorism Intelligence agency.
Squarcini entered the police in 1979. In 1981, he was made head of the local branch of the "Direction centrale des renseignements généraux" (RG) in Brest. By 1993, he was second in command of the RG on the national level. In 2008, he was made head of the "Direction de la surveillance du territoire" (DST), then of the DCRI when the latter was created by the merger of the DST and the RG. 

</doc>
<doc id="18247033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247033" title="César Alonso de las Heras">
César Alonso de las Heras

César Alonso de las Heras was born in Villaralbo, Zamora, Spain, December 24, 1913.
He was a priest of the Sacred Heart of Jesus of Betharram Congregation, main supporters of the San José School, one of the oldest and traditional schools in Asunción, cradle of numerous philosophers and national leaders.
FIrst steps.
He graduated from high school in France, where he learned French, the language of his first poems.
Career.
He came to Paraguay January 10, 1940, and joined the staff of the San José School, being Principal of the school between 1953 and 1959.
Besides a deep evangelist labor, he developed a long and everlasting pedagogical work, especially in the teaching of Spanish language and literature.
Supported a new foundation of the Literary Academy of the San José School and settle the bases of the University Academy -that was founded first as the Literary Circle in 1946- on it, where many young people where formed in the intellectual production. Ricardo Mazó, José Luis Appleyard, Carlos Villagra Marsal, José María Gómez Sanjurjo, Ramiro Domínguez, Gustavo Gatti and Julio César Troche were among them.
He developed and intense cultural work, deploying theater plays -he shown the steps of Lope de Rueda and traductions of Molière- and writing his own plays. He also gave conferences spreading the work of authors as Claude, García Lorca, André Gide, Jean-Paul Sartre, Gabriel Miró, Juan Ramón Jiménez, Samuel Beckett, among others.
He received awards as the “Cruz de Caballero de Isabel la Católica” (Knight's Cross of Elizabeth the Catholic), conferred by the Spanish government, and the “Palmes Academiques” from the French government. In 1994, the Paraguayan government awarded him with the “Cruz de Comendador del Mérito Nacional” and the same year received the title of Honoris Causa Doctor from the National University of Asunción. In 1997 was awarded with the “Llama del Arte que nunca se apaga” (Flame of the Art that never disappear) from the entity “Friends of the Art” of Paraguay. That year he also celebrates his Ministerial Diamond Weddings after 60 years of evangelist labor.
He formed part of the International PEN Club, the cultural entity “Friends of the Art”, the Institute of Spanish Culture, and is member of the Paraguayan Academies of History and Language.
He investigated about the Ypacaraí Lake, its legends and history; about Domingo Martínez de Irala and about little known facts of the Jesuit Missions in the Paraguay.
Work.
His work are the poem books “María de Nazaret” (Mary of Nazareth), “Que cercano tu recuerdo” (Your memory so close), “Silencio” (Silence), “Rosario y Vía Crucis”, “Antología” (Anthology), “Navidad-Variaciones” (Christmas-Variations) and “Más que tú lo he deseado” (I've desired it more than you); the dramatic mystery “San Blas” and the theater play “Jalones de Gloria” about the first 50 years of the San José School, He also wrote “History of the San José School” in 2 books,one of which first appeared in 1997. He wrote in cooperation with the Doctor Juan Manuel Marcos Álvarez a “Spanish Literature Course” in 3 books.
Last years.
Dedicated to his evangelist labor, but always working as a supporter for literary meetings and mentor of many Paraguayan young literary talents, deceased in Asunción, in September 3, 2004, a few months after making truth one of his dreams: to participate in the celebrations for the centenary of the San José School.
The Municipality of Asunción conferred him in this celebration (July, 2004) the condition of "Illustrate Citizen".

</doc>
<doc id="18247035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247035" title="Zdeněk Neubauer">
Zdeněk Neubauer

Zdeněk Neubauer (born 30 May 1942) is Czech philosopher and biologist, remarkable especially for original interpretations in science history and epistemology.
Born in Brno to family of the Brno normative legal school representative Zdeněk Neubauer (sr.), he graduated from Charles University in Prague (1965 in microbiology, biology and chemistry, 1971 in philosophy). During his activity in "Laboratorio Internazionale di Genetica e Biofisica" in Naples (1967–1970) he made several discoveries in genetics. In 1982 left the university because of nonconformist attitudes (both scientific and political). After that, he was mainly a philosopher (a programmer analyst by job), publishing underground. Since 1990, he has been a member of the department of philosophy and history of science at Charles University Faculty of Science.

</doc>
<doc id="18247043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247043" title="Rolando Chaparro">
Rolando Chaparro

Rolando Chaparro is a Paraguayan musician, born in Asunción, August 2, 1965. Son of Rolando Chaparro (professional photographer) and Celia María Benítez (actress)
First steps.
He was very interested in music since an early age and at the age of 9 he made of the guitar his main instrument. He studied with Kuki Rey and initiated in the jazz studying by 4 years with Carlos Schvartzman. He formed later with Carlos Schvartzman, Remigio Pereira and Mario Rodríguez an experimental musical quartet with jazzy tendencies.
Career.
In 1984 he grouped with Berta Rojas and Carlos Noguera.
in 1985 he joined to “Síntesis” (Synthesis), a jazz-fusion and folkloric projection group, performing in many places of Asunción.
Between 1987 and 1991 worked with Ñamandu (the duet of Alejandrino “Chondi” Paredes and Ricardo Flecha), forming a folkloric tendency trio, touring and recording in many Latin American countries.
In 1991 joined back to Síntesis, this time with new people. Parallelly, he also joined the jazz-fusion and folkloric projection band of the saxophonist William “Palito” Miranda, performing in the international festivals of Posadas, Argentina; Viña del Mar, Chile and Sao Paulo, Brazil.
In May 1994 he performed with Síntesis in the Memorial of Latin America of Sao Paulo and in Buenos Aires. Later that year he definitively left Síntesis to form a new band “Krhizya”, with rock tendency.
With Krhizya he records an album in which could be found a classic in the Paraguayan folkloric music, "Reservista Purahéi", but in a blues version, something never done before. This way, Rolando Chaparro marked a hit referring to rock covers of Paraguayan folkloric music.
As a composer he's one of the most outstanding. His production is of about a thousand pieces including jazz-fusion, folkloric projection, music for theater plays, commercial jingles, music for TV shows, among others.
He also developed soloist projects, like “Guitarreros”, with Efrén Echeverría, Juan Cancio Barreto and Barni Chaparro, performing in various theaters of Paraguay.
He played in a concert with the harpist César Cataldo, obtaining very positive critics from the press.
He performed many times with the Symphonic Orchestra of the City of Asunción in very important concerts, recording two discs due to the amazing success of them.
He participated in the soundtrack of the Paraguayan film “Miramenometokéi” with a song of his own “Espinas del alma” and with a version of the Paraguayan popular music “Soy algo fácil de olvidar” (I'm something easy to forget).
He was awarded many times by the radio show The Lost Flare.
Work.
Discography: all of them include music made by him
Rolando Chaparro performed in countries like México, Perú, Uruguay, Chile, Brazil, Argentina, among others, many times and with different styles.
Actually he's teaching at the National Conservatory of Asunción.
He might be considered as the most diverse instrumentalist in the new generation of Paraguayan musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="18247075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247075" title="Victor Should Have Been a Jazz Musician">
Victor Should Have Been a Jazz Musician

"Victor Should Have Been a Jazz Musician" is a 1987 single by Grace Jones.
Background.
The song was the third single from Grace Jones' 1986 album "Inside Story", co-produced by Jones and Nile Rodgers. It was destined for European market, and was released simultaneously with "Crush", which promoted "Inside Story" in North America. As the song title suggests, it saw Jones exploring new musical territories and the spoken opening line even refers to one of the late and greats of jazz: "I went to a concert, to see Nina Simone". The horns on the track were played by Lenny Pickett, Stan Harrison, Steve Elson, and Mac Gollehon under the collective name The Borneo Horns.
The 12" single featured remixes of "Victor Should Have Been a Jazz Musician" as well as "I'm Not Perfect (But I'm Perfect for You)" by Ben Liebrand, all of which remain unreleased on CD.

</doc>
<doc id="18247081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247081" title="Verbal abuse (disambiguation)">
Verbal abuse (disambiguation)

Verbal abuse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18247115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247115" title="Dmitri Savitski">
Dmitri Savitski

Dmitri Petrovich Savitski (, (born January 25, 1944), () is a Russian writer and poet.
List of works.
Novels.
In English was translated only a novel "Waltz for K." (cinematized in 2008 by Roman Balayan). Published in Evergreen magazine, Grove-Press, N-Y. 1986. No. 98. Translated by Kingsley Shorter. Broadcast in BBC in 1986. 
His first two books Savitski created in Russian, but it was never published in original, because, as the author explains, it was addressed to Western audience. This two novels were edited under pen names — Alexandre Dimov and Dimitri Savitski-Dimov:
Next books are published both in Russian and French:

</doc>
<doc id="18247133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247133" title="George Galloway">
George Galloway

George Galloway (born 16 August 1954) is a British politician, writer, and broadcaster, and the Respect Party Member of Parliament (MP) for Bradford West.
After first coming to public attention as the General Secretary of War on Want (1983–87), Galloway was elected as a Labour Party MP in the 1987 general election representing Glasgow Hillhead and (from 1997) its successor constituency Glasgow Kelvin. He remained the MP for the latter seat until 2005. In October 2003, Galloway was expelled from the Labour Party having been found guilty of four of five charges of bringing the Labour Party into disrepute.
He became a leading member of the Respect Party in 2004 (eventually its leader), and was elected as the MP for Bethnal Green and Bow at the general election the following year. After unsuccessfully contesting the seat of Poplar and Limehouse in 2010, he returned as a Westminster MP following the Bradford West by-election in March 2012.
In the late 1980s "Hansard" records him delivering a ferocious assault on the Ba'ath regime, and Galloway opposed Saddam's regime until the United States-led Gulf War in 1991. Galloway visited Iraq in 1994 and delivered a speech to Saddam Hussein which ended in English with the statement "Sir, I salute your courage, your strength, your indefatigability." He has always stated that he was addressing the Iraqi people in the speech. Galloway testified to the United States Senate in 2005 over alleged illicit payments from the United Nations' Oil for Food Programme. Galloway is a campaigner supporting the Palestinian side of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict, taking an anti-Zionist stance, and has been involved in the "Viva Palestina" aid convoys.
Galloway has been described as "renowned for his colourful rhetoric and combative debating style". "The Spectator" awarded him Debater of the Year in 2001.
Early life and career.
Galloway was born on 16 August 1954 in the Lochee area of Dundee, to a Scottish trade unionist father and Irish republican mother. He describes himself as "born in an attic in a slum tenement in the Irish quarter of Dundee, which is known as Tipperary". He grew up in Charleston and attended Charleston Primary and then Harris Academy, a non-denominational school. During his school years, he used to play football for the school team. As an amateur footballer, he played for West End United U12s, Lochee Boys Club U16s and St Columbus U18s.
Labour Party organiser.
Galloway joined the Labour Party at 13 years old and, within five years, was secretary of the Dundee West Constituency Labour Party. He became Vice-Chairman of the Labour Party in the City of Dundee and a member of the Scottish Executive Committee in 1975. On 5 May 1977, he contested his first election campaign in the Scottish district elections, but failed to hold the safe Labour seat at Gillburn, Dundee. He was defeated by the Independent candidate Bunty Turley. A local controversy at the time was Galloway's allocation of a council flat which may have influenced the result. Galloway became the secretary organiser of Dundee Labour Party (the youngest ever Scottish chairman) in March 1981 at 26 years old.
In his mid-20s after a trip to Beirut in Lebanon during 1977, he became a passionate supporter of Palestine stating "barely a week after my return, I made a pledge to devote the rest of my life to the Palestinian and Arab cause". He supported Dundee City Council when it flew the Palestinian flag inside the City Chambers and was involved in the twinning of Dundee with Nablus in 1980, although he did not take part in the visit of Lord Provost Gowans, Ernie Ross MP and three City Councillors to Nablus and Kuwait in April 1981.
In 1981, Galloway wrote an article for "Scottish Marxist" supporting Communist Party affiliation with the Labour Party. In response, Denis Healey, Deputy Leader of the Labour Party, tried and failed to remove Galloway from the list of Prospective Parliamentary Candidates. Healey lost his motion by 13 votes to 5. Galloway once quipped that, to overcome a £1.5 million deficit which had arisen in the city budget, he, Ernie Ross and leading Councillors should be placed in the stocks in the city square: "we would allow people to throw buckets of water over us at 20p a time."
Standing as a candidate for a place on the Labour Party National Executive Committee in 1986; in a large field of candidates, Galloway finished second from the bottom. At the 1986 Labour Party Conference, he made a strong attack on the Labour Party's Deputy Leader and Shadow Chancellor Roy Hattersley for not favouring exchange controls.
War on Want.
From November 1983 to 1987, Galloway was the General Secretary of War on Want, a British charity campaigning against poverty worldwide. In this post he travelled widely, and wrote eye-witness accounts of the famine in Eritrea in 1985 which were published in "The Sunday Times" and "The Spectator".
The "Daily Mirror" accused him of living luxuriously at the charity's expense. An independent auditor cleared him of misuse of funds, though he did repay £1,720 in contested expenses. He later reportedly won £155,000 from "The Mirror" in an unrelated libel case.
More than two years after Galloway stepped down to serve as a Labour MP, the UK Charity Commission investigated War on Want. It found accounting irregularities from 1985 to 1989, but little evidence that money was used for non-charitable purposes. The commission said responsibility lay largely with auditors, and did not single out individuals for blame.
Political career (1987-2005).
Member of Parliament for a Glasgow seat.
In the 1987 election, Galloway won Glasgow Hillhead constituency for the Labour Party from Roy Jenkins of the Social Democratic Party with a majority of 3,251. Although known for his left-wing views, Galloway was never a member of Labour's leftist groupings of MPs, the Tribune Group or the Socialist Campaign Group. In 2002, Galloway stated "I am on the anti-imperialist left... If you are asking did I support the Soviet Union, yes I did. Yes, I did support the Soviet Union, and I think the disappearance of the Soviet Union is the biggest catastrophe of my life."
At a press gathering for War on Want in September 1987, when Galloway had stood down as General Secretary to the organization, a journalist asked him about his personal arrangements during the previous year's War on Want conference on the Greek island of Mykonos. The new MP replied: "I travelled and spent lots of time with people in Greece, many of whom were women, some of whom were known carnally to me. I actually had sexual intercourse with some of the people in Greece." By then separated from his first wife, the statement put Galloway on the front pages of the tabloid press and in February 1988 the Executive Committee of his Constituency Labour Party passed a vote of no confidence in him.
He gained re-selection when challenged by Trish Godman (wife of fellow MP Norman Godman) in June 1989, but failed to get a majority of the electoral college on the first ballot. This was the worst result for any sitting Labour MP who was reselected; 13 of the 26 members of the Constituency Party's Executive Committee resigned that August, indicating their dissatisfaction with the result.
In 1990, a classified advertisement appeared in the Labour-Left weekly "Tribune" headed "Lost: MP who answers to the name of George", "balding and has been nicknamed gorgeous", claiming that the lost MP had been seen in Romania but had not been to a constituency meeting for a year. A telephone number was given which turned out to be for the Groucho Club in London, from which Galloway had recently been excluded (although subsequently readmitted). Galloway threatened legal action and pointed out that he had been to five constituency meetings. He eventually settled for an out-of-court payment by "Tribune".
The leadership election of the Labour Party in 1992 saw Galloway voting for the eventual winners, John Smith for Leader and Margaret Beckett as Deputy Leader. In 1994, after Smith's death, Galloway declined to cast a vote in the leadership election (one of only three MPs to do so). In a debate with the Leader of the Scottish National Party Alex Salmond, Galloway responded to one of Salmond's jibes against the Labour Party by declaring "I don't give a fuck what Tony Blair thinks".
Although facing a challenge for the Labour nomination for the seat of Glasgow Kelvin in 1997, Galloway defeated Shiona Waldron. He was unchallenged for the nomination in 2001.
In the 1997 and 2001 elections Galloway was the Labour candidate for the seat of Glasgow Kelvin, winning with majorities of over 16,000 and 12,000 respectively. During the 2001 Parliament, he voted against the Whip 27 times. During the 2001–02 session he was the 9th most rebellious Labour MP.
Iraq in the 1990s and the Mariam Appeal.
Galloway opposed the 1991 Gulf War and was critical of the effect that the subsequent sanctions had on the people of Iraq. He visited Iraq twice and met senior government officials. His involvement caused some critics to deride him as the "member for Baghdad North".
In 1994, Galloway faced some of his strongest criticism on his return from a Middle-Eastern visit during which he had met Saddam Hussein "to try and bring about an end to sanctions, suffering and war". At the meeting, he reported the support given to Saddam by the people of the Gaza Strip which he had just visited: "I can honestly tell you that there was not a single person to whom I told I was coming to Iraq and hoping to meet with yourself who did not wish me to convey their heartfelt, fraternal greetings and support". He ended his speech in English with the statement "Sir, I salute your courage, your strength, your indefatigability". The issue of the precise context of his statement to Saddam Hussein continues to be raised. In a January 2007 edition of the BBC's "Hardtalk" he stated that he was saluting the "Iraqi people". Galloway's speech was translated for Hussein. Anasal-Tikriti, a friend of Galloway's and a Respect candidate, spokesman for the Muslim Association of Britain said: "I understand Arabic and it salutation was taken completely out of context. When he said "you" he meant the Iraqi people, he was saluting their indefatigability, their resolve against sanctions. Even the interpreter got it right and, in Arabic, says salutes the stand of the Iraqi people'."
In 1998 Galloway founded the Mariam Appeal, intended "to campaign against sanctions on Iraq which are having disastrous effects on the ordinary people of Iraq". The campaign was named after Mariam Hamza, a child flown by the fund from Iraq to Britain to receive treatment for leukaemia. The intention was to raise awareness of the suffering and death of hundreds of thousands of other Iraqi children due to poor health conditions and lack of suitable medicines and facilities, and to campaign for the lifting of the Iraq sanctions that many maintained were responsible for that situation. In 1999, Galloway was criticised for spending Christmas in Iraq with Tariq Aziz, who was Iraq's Deputy Prime Minister. In the 17 May 2005, hearing of the United States Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, Galloway stated that he had had many meetings with Aziz, and characterised their relationship as friendly.
The fund received scrutiny during the 2003 invasion of Iraq, after a complaint that Galloway used some of the donation money to pay his travel expenses. Galloway said that the expenses were incurred in his capacity as the Appeal's chairman. Although the Mariam Appeal was never a registered charity and never intended to be such, it was investigated by the Charity Commission. The report of this year-long inquiry, published in June 2004, found that the Mariam Appeal was doing charitable work (and so ought to have registered with them), but did not substantiate allegations that any funds had been misused.
A further Charity Commission Report published on 7 June 2007 found that the Appeal had received funds from Fawaz Zureikat that originated from the Oil For Food programme, and concluded that: "Although Mr Galloway, Mr Halford and Mr Al-Mukhtar have confirmed that they were unaware of the source of Mr Zureikat’s donations, the Commission has concluded that the charity trustees should have made further enquiries when accepting such large single and cumulative donations to satisfy themselves as to their origin and legitimacy. The Commission’s conclusion is that the charity trustees did not properly discharge their duty of care as trustees to the Appeal in respect of these donations." They added: "The Commission is also concerned, having considered the totality of the evidence before it, that Mr Galloway may also have known of the connection between the Appeal and the Programme". Galloway responded: "I've always disputed the Commission's retrospective view that a campaign to win a change in national and international policy—a political campaign—was, in fact, a charity."
Expulsion from the Labour Party.
Galloway became the Vice-President of the Stop the War Coalition in 2001. He became actively involved, often speaking on StWC platforms at anti-war demonstrations. From this position, Galloway made many aggressive and controversial statements in opposition to the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
He said in a 28 March 2003 interview with Abu Dhabi TV that Tony Blair and George W. Bush had "lied to the British Air Force and Navy, when they said the battle of Iraq would be very quick and easy. They attacked Iraq like wolves..." and added, "... the best thing British troops can do is to refuse to obey illegal orders." This incitement was later among the formal reasons for his expulsion from the Labour Party. He called the Labour Government "Tony Blair's lie machine." "The Observer" reported in 2003 that the Director of Public Prosecutions looked at a request by the solicitor Justin Hugheston-Roberts to pursue Galloway under the Incitement to Disaffection Act, 1934, though no prosecution occurred.
On 18 April, "The Sun" published an interview with Tony Blair who said: "His comments were disgraceful and wrong. The National Executive will deal with it." David Triesman, then General Secretary of the Labour Party, suspended Galloway from holding office in the party on 6 May 2003, pending a hearing on charges that he had violated the party's constitution by "bringing the Labour Party into disrepute through behaviour that is prejudicial or grossly detrimental to the Party". Speaking on BBC Radio, Galloway said he stood by every word of the Abu Dhabi interview.
The National Constitutional Committee held a hearing on 22 October 2003, to consider the charges, taking evidence from Galloway himself, from other party witnesses, viewing media interviews, and hearing character testimony from former Cabinet Minister Tony Benn, among others. The following day, the committee decided in favour of four of the five charges accusing Galloway of "bringing the party into disrepute", and expelled Galloway from the Labour Party. A claim that, in a speech, he had congratulated a successful anti-war candidate from the Socialist Alliance in Preston was rejected. According to Ian McCartney, then Labour Party chairman, Galloway was the only Labour MP who "incited foreign forces to rise up against British troops" in the Iraq War. Galloway said after the NCC had decided on his expulsion: "This was a politically motivated kangaroo court whose verdict had been written in advance in the best tradition of political show trials."
Iraq and the Saddam Hussein regime.
In a House of Commons debate on 6 March 2002, Foreign Office Minister Ben Bradshaw said of Galloway that he was "not just an apologist, but a mouthpiece, for the Iraqi regime over many years." Galloway called the Minister a liar and refused to withdraw: "[Bradshaw's] imputation that I am a mouthpiece for a dictator is a clear imputation of dishonour" he said, and the sitting was suspended due to the dispute. Bradshaw later withdrew his allegation, and Galloway apologised for using unparliamentary language. In August 2002, Galloway returned to Iraq and met Saddam Hussein for a second time. According to Galloway, the intention of the trip was to persuade Saddam to re-admit Hans Blix, and the United Nations weapons inspectors into the country.
After the fall of Saddam, he continued to praise Tariq Aziz, calling him "an eminent diplomatic and intellectual person". In 2006 a video surfaced showing Galloway enthusiastically greeting Uday Hussein, Saddam's eldest son, with the title of "Excellency" at Uday's palace in 1999. "The two men also made unflattering comments about the United States and joked about losing weight, going bald and how difficult it is to give up smoking cigars," according to "The Scotsman".
Giving evidence in his libel case against the "Daily Telegraph" newspaper in 2004, Galloway testified that he regarded Saddam as a "bestial dictator" and would have welcomed his removal from power, but not by means of a military attack on Iraq. Galloway also pointed that he was a prominent critic of Saddam Hussein's regime in the 1980s, as well as of the role of Margaret Thatcher's government in supporting arms sales to Iraq during the Iran/Iraq war. Labour MP Tam Dalyell said during the controversy over whether Galloway should be expelled from the Labour Party that "in the mid-1980s there was only one MP that I can recollect making speeches about human rights in Iraq and this was George Galloway." When the issue of Galloway's meetings with Saddam Hussein is raised, including before the US Senate, Galloway has argued that he had met Saddam "exactly the same number of times as US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld met him. The difference is Donald Rumsfeld met him to sell him guns and to give him maps the better to target those guns." He continued "I met him to try to bring about an end to sanctions, suffering and war".
Iraq after Saddam Hussein (2003-6).
At the national conference of the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers, on 30 June 2003, Galloway apologised for describing George W. Bush as a "wolf", saying that to do so defamed wolves: "No wolf would commit the sort of crimes against humanity that George Bush committed against the people of Iraq."
On 20 November 2004, George Galloway gave an interview on Abu Dhabi TV in which he said:
On 20 June 2005, he appeared on Al Jazeera English to lambast these two leaders and others.
Record on LGBT issues (1994-2013).
In 1994, Galloway voted in support of the equalisation of the age of consent for homosexuality (which was then 21 years) with that for heterosexuality at 16 years. He also voted against a reduction of the homosexual age of consent to 18. He voted in favour of permitting unmarried and gay couples to adopt children. Critics have claimed that his involvement in the leadership of Respect – which made no explicit mention of gay rights in its 2005 election manifesto and accepted donations from Islamic Party members – raise questions about his commitment to those issues. However, Respect's 2005 conference, in which Galloway took part, resolved that explicit defence of equal rights and calls for the end to all discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people would be made in all of its manifestos and principal election materials. In 2008 Galloway made comments about the case of the gay Iranian asylum seeker Mehdi Kazemi and his executed lover. For this, see Support for the Iranian regime below.
In February 2013, he voted in favour of same-sex marriage.
Oil for Food.
"Daily Telegraph" libel case.
On 22 April 2003, the "Daily Telegraph" published news articles and comment describing documents found by its reporter David Blair in the ruins of the Iraqi Foreign Ministry. The documents purported to be records of meetings between Galloway and Iraqi intelligence agents, and they stated that he had received £375,000 per year from the proceeds of the Oil-for-Food Programme. Galloway completely denied the story, and pointed to the nature of the discovery within an unguarded, bombed-out building as being questionable. He instigated legal action against the newspaper, which was heard in the High Court on 14 November 2004.
On 2 December, Justice David Eady ruled that the story had been "seriously defamatory", and that the "Telegraph" was "obliged to compensate Mr Galloway ... and to make an award for the purposes of restoring his reputation". Galloway was awarded damages of £150,000 plus, after a failed appeal in 2006, legal costs of about £2 million.
The libel case was regarded by both sides as an important test of the Reynolds qualified-privilege defence. The "Daily Telegraph" did not attempt to claim justification (where the defendant seeks to prove the truth of the defamatory reports): "It has never been the "Telegraph's" case to suggest that the allegations contained in these documents are true". Instead, the paper sought to argue that it acted responsibly because the allegations it reported were of sufficient public interest to outweigh the damage caused to Galloway's reputation. The trial judge did not accept this defence, saying that suggestions such as Galloway being guilty of "treason", "in Saddam's pay", and being "Saddam's little helper" caused him to conclude "the newspaper was not neutral but both embraced the allegations with relish and fervour and went on to embellish them". Additionally Galloway had not been given a fair or reasonable opportunity to make inquiries or meaningful comment upon the documents before they were published.
The issue of whether or not the documents were genuine was likewise not at issue at the trial. Oliver Thorne, a forensic expert who had been earlier hired by Galloway's lawyers, later stated "In my opinion the evidence found fully supports that the vast majority of the submitted documents are authentic." He added "It should be noted that I am unable to comment on the veracity of the information within the disputed "Telegraph" documents, whether or not they are authentic."
Other libels and claims.
The "Christian Science Monitor" also published a story on 25 April 2003, stating that they had documentary evidence that he had received "more than ten million dollars" from the Iraqi regime. However, on 20 June 2003, the "Monitor" reported that their own investigation had concluded that the documents were sophisticated forgeries, and apologised. Galloway rejected the newspaper's apology, asserted that the affair was a conspiracy against him, and continued a libel claim against the paper.
The "Christian Science Monitor" settled the claim, paying him an undisclosed sum in damages, on 19 March 2004. It emerged that these documents had first been offered to the "Daily Telegraph", but they had rejected them. The documents' origin remains obscure.
In January 2004, a further set of allegations were made in "Al-Mada", a newspaper in Iraq. The newspaper claimed to have found documents in the Iraqi national oil corporation showing that Galloway received (through an intermediary) some of the profits arising from the sale of 19.5 million barrels (3,100,000 m³) of oil. Galloway acknowledged that money had been paid into the Mariam Appeal by Iraqi businessmen who had profited from the UN-run programme, but denied benefiting personally, and maintained that, in any case, there was nothing illicit about this:
US Senate.
Allegations.
In May 2005, a US Senate committee report accused Galloway along with former French minister Charles Pasqua of receiving the right to buy oil under the UN's oil-for-food scheme. The report was issued by the US Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, chaired by Senator Norm Coleman, a Republican from Minnesota. The report cited further documents from the Iraqi oil ministry and interviews with Iraqi officials.
Coleman's committee said that Pasqua had received allocations worth from 1999 to 2000, and Galloway received allocations worth from 2000 to 2003. The allegations against Pasqua and Galloway, both outspoken opponents of U.N. sanctions against Iraq in the 1990s, have been made before, including in an October report by US arms inspector Charles Duelfer as well as in the various purported documents described earlier in this section. But Coleman's report provided several new details. It also included information from interrogations of former high-ranking officials in US custody, including former Foreign Minister Tariq Aziz and former Vice-President Taha Yassin Ramadan. Among the claims is that there is new evidence to suggest that the Mariam Appeal, a children's leukaemia charity founded by Galloway, was in fact used to conceal oil payments. The report cites Ramadan as saying under interrogation that Galloway was allocated oil "because of his opinions about Iraq."
"Socialist Worker" reported what they say is evidence that the key Iraqi oil ministry documents regarding oil allocations, in which Galloway's name appears six times (contracts M/08/35, M/09/23, M/10/38, M/11/04, M/12/14, M/13/48) have been tampered with. They published a copy of contract M/09/23 and allege that George Galloway's name appears to have been added in a different font and at a different angle to the rest of the text on that line. In these documents (relating to oil allocations 8–13), Galloway is among just a few people whose nationality is never identified, whilst Zureikat is the only one whose nationality is identified in one instance but not in others.
Galloway combatively countered the charges by accusing Coleman and other pro-war politicians of covering up the "theft of billions of dollars of Iraq's wealth... on your watch" that had occurred under a post-invasion Coalition Provisional Authority, committed by "Halliburton and other American corporations... with the connivance of your own government."
Senate hearing of 17 May 2005.
On 17 May 2005, the committee held a hearing concerning specific allegations (of which Galloway was one part) relating to improprieties surrounding the Oil-for-Food programme. Attending Galloway's oral testimony and enquiring of him were two of the thirteen committee members: the chair (Coleman) and the ranking Democrat (Carl Levin).
On arriving in the US, he told Reuters, "I have no expectation of justice from a group of Christian fundamentalist and Zionist activists". Galloway described Coleman as a "pro-war, neo-con hawk and the lickspittle of George W. Bush", who, he said, sought revenge against anyone who did not support the invasion of Iraq.
In his testimony, Galloway made the following statements in response to the allegations against him:
He questioned the reliability of evidence given by former Iraqi Vice-President Taha Yassin Ramadan, stating that the circumstances of his captivity by American forces call into question the authenticity of the remarks. Galloway also pointed out an error in the report, where documents by "The Daily Telegraph" were said to have covered an earlier period from those held by the Senate. In fact the report's documents referred to the same period as those used by "The Daily Telegraph", though Galloway pointed out that the presumed forgeries pertaining to the "Christian Science Monitor" report did refer to an earlier period.
The US media, in reporting his appearance, emphasised his blunt remarks on the war. The British media gave more mixed coverage. The TV presenter Anne Robinson said Galloway "quite frankly put the pride back in British politics" when introducing him for a prime time talk show. An article in "The Times" on 18 May described him as having "the gift of the Glasgow gab, a love of the stage and an inexhaustible fund of self-belief".
A report by the then-majority Republican Party staff of the United States Senate Committee on Investigations published in October 2005 asserted that Galloway had given false or misleading testimony under oath when appearing before them. The report exhibits bank statements it claims show that £85,000 of proceeds from the Oil-for-Food Programme had been paid to Galloway's then-wife Amineh Abu-Zayyad. Galloway reiterated his denial of the charges and challenged the US Senate committee to charge him with perjury. He claimed Coleman's motive was revenge over the embarrassment of his appearance before the committee in May.
Parliamentary career (2005-10).
2005 election.
In January 2004, it emerged that Galloway would be working with the Socialist Workers Party in England and Wales, and others, under the name Respect – The Unity Coalition, generally referred to simply as Respect. During a 9 March 2005 interview at the University of Dhaka (Bangladesh) campus Galloway called for a global alliance between Muslims and progressives because, according to him, they "have the same enemies". Muslim groups have been involved in Respect. Respect split in the autumn of 2007, with the SWP and Galloway's wing of Respect blaming each other for what he described as a "car crash on the left".
Galloway had announced that he would not force a by-election following his expulsion from the Labour Party and did not intend to contest the next general election in Glasgow. Galloway's Glasgow Kelvin seat was split between three neighbouring constituencies for the May 2005 general election. One of these, the new Glasgow Central constituency, might have been his best chance with a relatively large Muslim vote. However, his long-time friend Mohammad Sarwar, the first Muslim Labour MP and a strong opponent of the Iraq War, wanted to be selected as the candidate; Galloway chose not to challenge him. After the 2004 European election results became known, Galloway announced that he would stand in Bethnal Green and Bow, the area where Respect had its strongest election results and where the sitting Labour MP, Oona King, supported the Iraq War. On 2 December, despite speculation that he might stand in Newham, he confirmed that he would be the candidate for Bethnal Green and Bow.
The ensuing electoral campaign in the seat proved to be a difficult one with heated exchanges between Galloway, King and their supporters. The BBC reported that Galloway had himself been threatened with death by extreme Islamists from the banned organisation al-Ghurabaa. All the major candidates united in condemning the threats and violence. On 5 May, Galloway won the seat by 823 votes and denounced the returning officer over alleged discrepancies in the electoral process. When challenged during the BBC's election night coverage by Jeremy Paxman as to whether he was happy to have removed one of the few black women in Parliament, Galloway replied "I don't believe that people get elected because of the colour of their skin. I believe that people get elected because of their record and because of their policies." During the same BBC interview Jeremy Paxman accused Galloway of being a demagogue.
Oona King later told BBC Radio 4's "Today" programme that she found Paxman's line of questioning inappropriate. "He shouldn't be barred from running against me because I'm a black woman. ... I was not defined, or did not wish to be defined, by either my ethnicity or religious background."
"It's good to be back", Galloway said on being sworn in as MP for Bethnal Green after the May election. He pledged to represent "the people that New Labour has abandoned" and to "speak for those who have nobody else to speak for them."
The 7/7 suicide bombings and after.
In the House of Commons, on the day of the 7 July 2005 London bombings that killed 52 people and injured hundreds more, Galloway condemned the attacks strongly, but argued that they could not be separated from the hatred and bitterness felt among Muslims because of injustices in Iraq suffered as a result of British foreign policy:
Winding up the debate for the government, Armed Forces Minister Adam Ingram described Galloway's remarks as "disgraceful" and accused Galloway of "dipping his poisonous tongue in a pool of blood." No time remained for Galloway to intervene and he ran afoul of the Deputy Speaker when trying to make a point of order about Ingram's attack. He later went on to describe Ingram as a "thug" who had committed a "foul-mouthed, deliberately timed, last-10-seconds smear." The two men had previously clashed over claims in Galloway's autobiography (see below).
In an interview with Piers Morgan for "GQ Magazine" in May 2006, Galloway was asked whether a suicide bomb attack on Tony Blair with "no other casualties" would be morally justifiable "as revenge for the war on Iraq?". He answered "Yes it would be morally justified. I am not calling for it, but if it happened it would be of a wholly different moral order than the events of 7/7. It would be entirely logical and explicable, and morally equivalent to ordering the deaths of thousands of innocent people in Iraq as Blair did." He further stated that if he knew about such a plan he would inform the relevant authorities, saying: "I would the police, because such an operation would be counterproductive because it would just generate a new wave of anti-Muslim, anti-Arab sentiment whipped up by the press. It would lead to new draconian anti-terror laws, and would probably strengthen the resolve of the British and American services in Iraq rather than weaken it. So yes, I would inform the authorities." Christopher Hitchens claimed that this was a call for an attack while appearing not to do so.
Parliamentary participation statistics (2003-9).
After he was suspended and later expelled from the Labour Party, Galloway's participation in Parliamentary activity fell to minimal levels. After speaking in a debate on Iraq on 25 March 2003, Galloway did not intervene in any way in Parliamentary debates or ask any oral questions for the remainder of the Parliament and his participation in House of Commons divisions was among the lowest of any MP.
Following the 2005 election, his participation rate remained low, and at the end of the year he had participated in only 15% of Divisions in the House of Commons since the general election, placing him 634th of 645 MPs. Of the eleven MPs below him in the rankings, one was the then Prime Minister Tony Blair, five were Sinn Féin members who have an abstentionist policy toward taking their seats, three were the speaker and deputy speakers and therefore ineligible to vote, and two had died since the election. Galloway claims a record of unusual activity at a "grass roots" level. His own estimate is that he made 1,100 public speeches between September 2001 and May 2005.
In September 2009, he still had one of the lowest voting participation records in parliament at 8.4% as a total of 93 votes out of a possible 1,113 divisions.
Suspension from the House of Commons.
On 17 July 2007, following a four-year inquiry, the House of Commons Select Committee on Standards and Privileges published its sixth report. The Committee concluded that there was no evidence that Galloway gained any personal benefit from either the former Iraqi regime, or from the Oil-for-Food Programme, but admitted that some documents had been unavailable to them.
But:
It found that Galloway's use of parliamentary resources to support his work on the Mariam Appeal "went beyond what was reasonable."
In response, Galloway stated 
At a press conference following publication of the report, Galloway stated "To be deprived of the company for 18 days of the honourable ladies and gentleman behind me parliament will be painful ... but I'm intending to struggle on regardless ... What really upset them committee is that I always defend myself."
Galloway's suspension was not intended to be immediate, and he was given the opportunity to defend himself in front of the committee members in the House of Commons on 23 July 2007. During the debate, Galloway repeatedly called into question the motives of the members of the Select Committee, in particular claiming that some of them were members of a political organisation named "Indict" and were persecuting him for speaking out against the Iraq War. Speaker Michael Martin warned Galloway that his accusations were not relevant to the matter at hand, but he rejected the warning and responded by saying that Martin would have to order him out of the house if he had any issue with the accusations. Martin therefore named Galloway, leading to the attending members voting to trigger his suspension from Parliament that day rather than wait until after the summer recess as had been recommended.
Candidate in other elections.
On 10 August 2007, Galloway confirmed that he would stand in newly created constituency of Poplar and Limehouse where the Labour Party had a notional majority of 3,942. The Labour candidate was the current Poplar and Canning Town MP Jim Fitzpatrick. Galloway said he had planned to stand down from Parliament at the next election, but was prompted to stay on and fight to win the neighbouring east London constituency after he felt he was unfairly suspended from Parliament for 18 days. In the election Galloway was defeated, coming third after the Labour and Conservative candidates. He received 8,460 votes. Galloway headed the post-split Respect (London-wide) top-up list for the London Assembly election, 2008 but was not selected.
On 5 May 2011, in the Scottish Parliament general election, 2011, the Respect Party, on whose list Galloway was standing in the Glasgow electoral region, received 6,972 votes (3.3%), failing to achieve any seats in the Holyrood Parliament.
Other domestic and foreign incidents and issues.
Galloway advocates greater spending on welfare benefits, and some nationalisation of large industries. Galloway is opposed to abortion, although he supports Respect's pro-choice stance. He opposes Scottish independence and supports the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament.
Galloway has attracted the most attention due to his comments on foreign policy, taking an interest in Libya, Syria and Pakistan, as well as his better known international concerns. Of Bashar al-Assad, and the country he leads, he said during a visit to the University of Damascus in November 2005: "For me he is the last Arab ruler, and Syria is the last Arab country. It is the fortress of the remaining dignity of the Arabs", and a "breath of fresh air", although he has since distanced himself from the Assad regime.
On 3 February 2006, Galloway was refused entry into Egypt at Cairo Airport and was detained "on grounds of national security", where he had been invited to 'give evidence' at a 'mock trial' of Bush and Blair. After being detained overnight, he said Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak "apologised on behalf of the Egyptian people", and he was allowed to enter the country. After initial derogatory comments from Galloway and a spokesman for Respect regarding Mubarak's pro-Western stance and ties to Bush and Blair, Galloway later commented: "It was a most gracious apology which I accept wholeheartedly. I consider the matter now closed."
According to the report "Preventing terrorism, where next for Britain?" (2010) from the counter-extremism think tank Quilliam, which receives private and public funding, Galloway is "Islamist backed".
Israel and Palestine (2005-11).
In an interview with the American radio host Alex Jones in September 2005, he said: "This is the thing about Zionism. It has nothing to do with Jewishness. Some of the biggest Zionists in the world are not Jews. These people have used Jewish people. [...] They created the conditions in the Arab countries and in some European countries to stampede Jewish people out of the countries that they had been living in for many hundreds of years and stampede them into the Zionist state." During an interview for Al-Jazeera television on 17 November 2005 he said his election as MP earlier in the year was "despite all the efforts made by the British government, the Zionist movement and the newspapers and news media which are controlled by Zionism". Later in a May 2009 speech he said: "I do not agree with the argument that there is a shadowy Jewish influence. Israel is doing what America wants it to do and to argue otherwise is to go down the dark tunnel of racist antisemitism."
At a 22 July 2006 demonstration (and later in a "Socialist Worker" op-ed), Galloway stated "Hezbollah has never been a terrorist organisation!" The National Union of Students of the United Kingdom passed a motion condemning Galloway for this statement. In 2009, Galloway received a Palestinian passport from Hamas leader Ismail Haniya. Hamas is considered a terrorist organisation by Israel, the European Union, and the US.
Galloway expressed support for the Syrian presence in Lebanon five months before it ended, telling the "Daily Star" of Lebanon "Syrian troops in Lebanon maintain stability and protect the country from Israel". In the same article he expressed his opposition to United Nations Security Council Resolution 1559, which urged the Lebanese Government to establish control over all its territory.
In an interview with the Hizbullah run Al-Manar TV, which aired on 26 July 2011 (as translated by MEMRI), Galloway accused Israel of being responsible for the assassination of Rafiq Al-Hariri, stating that "Israel was the only country with any interest and any benefit to gain from the assassination of the martyr Rafiq Al-Hariri. They are the ones who had the capability to do so, they are the ones who had the motive for doing so, and they are the ones who had the criminal record for doing so. How many hundreds of people has Israel killed in Lebanon? Assassination squads of people landing on the beach, and people planting bombs of one kind or another..." He further stated that "When this inquiry Special Tribunal for Lebanon refused to lead in that direction, I knew it was a fake inquiry" and that "this process and all these individuals are completely discredited."
Several months earlier in a speech given in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada in November 2010, Galloway stated that
“I believe, and I don’t know anybody who is objective in this matter who does not believe, that Hezbollah are absolutely innocent of this crime, and it is time that the tribunal looked to the people who benefited from this crime..in Israel."
"Viva Palestina" aid convoys.
In response to the 2008–2009 Israel–Gaza conflict, Galloway instigated the "Viva Palestina" aid convoy to the Gaza Strip in January 2009. On 14 February 2009, after raising over £1 million-worth of humanitarian aid in four weeks, Galloway and hundreds of volunteers launched the convoy comprising approximately 120 vehicles intended for use in the Strip, including a fire engine donated by the Fire Brigades Union (FBU), 12 ambulances, a boat and trucks full of medicines, tools, clothes, blankets and gifts for children. The 5,000-mile route passed through Belgium, France, Spain, Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Libya and Egypt.
On 20 February, Galloway condemned Lancashire Police after they arrested nine of the volunteers under the Terrorism Act a day before the convoy's launch. Galloway said: "The arrests were clearly deliberately timed for the eve of the departure of the convoy. Photographs of the high-profile snatch on the M65 were immediately fed to the press to maximise the newsworthiness of the smear that was being perpetrated on the convoy." "Viva Palestina" reported an 80% drop in donations following the broadcast of the arrests and the police allegations on the BBC.
The convoy arrived in Gaza on 9 March, accompanied by approximately 180 extra trucks of aid donated by Libya's Gaddafi Foundation. On 10 March 2009, Galloway announced at a press conference in Gaza City attended by several senior Hamas officials: "We are giving you now 100 vehicles and all of their contents, and we make no apology for what I am about to say. We are giving them to the elected government of Palestine," adding that he would personally donate three cars and 25,000 pounds to Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniya.
The Charity Commission opened a statutory inquiry into "Viva Palestina" on 23 March 2009, citing concerns over the finances, use of funds for non-charitable purposes, and the lack of "substantive response" to their repeated requests. He argued that the Charity Commission's actions were suspicious, hinting that they might be politically motivated. On 8 April 2009, Galloway joined Vietnam War veteran Ron Kovic to launch "Viva Palestina US".
A third "Viva Palestina" convoy began travelling at the end of 2009. On 8 January 2010, Galloway and his colleague Ron McKay were deported from Egypt immediately following their entry from Gaza. They had been attempting to help take about 200 aid trucks into the Gaza Strip. They were driven by the police to the airport and put on a plane to London. The previous day an Egyptian soldier had been killed during a clash at the border with Hamas loyalists. Several Palestinians were also injured.
The Foreign Ministry of Egypt released a statement reading: "George Galloway is considered "persona non grata" and will not be allowed to enter into Egypt again". Shortly after his deportation Galloway said, "It is a badge of honour to be deported by a dictatorship" and "I've been thrown out of better joints than that."
Viva Palestina was registered as a charity in April 2009 but, following its continued non-submission of accounts, ceased to be recognised as a charitable organisation in November 2013.
Other international activities.
Support for the Iranian regime.
Galloway has attracted criticism from both the Left and the Right for his comments relating to the regime in Iran, and his work for the state-run satellite television channel, Press TV. (See Programmes on Press TV below.)
Galloway asserted on "The Wright Stuff" chat show (13 March 2008) that the executed boyfriend of homosexual Iranian asylum seeker Mehdi Kazemi was executed for sex crimes rather than for being homosexual. Galloway also stated on "The Wright Stuff" that the case of gay rights in Iran was being used by supporters of a war with Iran.
Scott Long, writing in "The Guardian" on 31 March, criticised Galloway's claim that "homosexuals are not executed in Iran, just rapists", pointing out that current law in the country stipulates that "Penetrative sex acts between men can bring death on the first conviction". Long-time gay rights activist Peter Tatchell, writing in "The Guardian" on 26 March, accused Galloway of spouting "Iranian Propaganda", continuing: "His claim that lesbian and gay people are not at risk of execution in Iran is refuted by every reputable human rights organisation, including Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch, the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission and the International Lesbian and Gay Association."
Non-Admission to Canada (2009).
On 20 March 2009, Galloway was advised by the Canada Border Services Agency he was deemed inadmissible to Canada on "security grounds" due to his involvement in the "Viva Palestina" aid convoy to the Gaza Strip following the 2008–2009 Israel–Gaza conflict. The Gaza Strip is governed by Hamas, which is on Canada's list of terrorist organisations. This resulted from the personal donation of £25,000 made by Galloway ten days earlier. The Canadians ruled (and maintained on appeal) that this constituted explicit support for Hamas, although Galloway argued it was not the case as the money was intended to be used for aid purposes.
Galloway was on a lecture tour of North America, and was due to speak on war prevention and Gaza for a United Church congregation in Toronto, as well as for events in Mississauga, Ottawa and Montreal. Galloway was also described as an "infandous street-corner Cromwell" by Alykhan Velshi, communications director for Jason Kenney, Canada's Minister of Citizenship, Immigration and Multiculturalism. Immigration Minister Jason Kenney was accused by Jack Layton, leader of Canada's New Democratic Party (NDP), of being a "minister of censorship."
Toronto Coalition to Stop the War, the group who invited Galloway to Canada, sought an emergency injunction to allow for his entry into Canada for the first speech in Toronto citing their rights to freedom of association and freedom of expression. On 30 March 2009, the Federal Court of Canada upheld the decision of the Canada Border Services Agency. Justice Luc Martineau cited non-citizens "do not have an unqualified right to enter in Canada. The admission of a foreign national to this country is a privilege determined by statute, regulation or otherwise, and not as a matter of right." The judge also noted "a proper factual record and the benefit of full legal argument...are lacking at the present time." Subsequently, Galloway cancelled his Canadian tour and instead, delivered his speech over video link from New York to his Canadian audiences.
Finally allowed entry into Canada in October 2010, after a judge concluded that the original ban had been politically motivated, Galloway continued to criticise Jason Kenney, saying that the minister had "damaged Canada's reputation" and had used "anti-terrorism" as a means of suppressing political debate. He threatened to sue the Canadian government for the banning incident.
Political career since 2012.
2012 by-election.
After the resignation of sitting Labour MP Marsha Singh due to ill health, Galloway returned to Parliament at the March 2012 Bradford West by-election in an unexpected landslide result, with Galloway calling it "the most sensational victory in British political history". His 36% swing from Labour was the third-largest in modern British political history. The result was seen as a major disappointment for Labour, with Galloway speaking of his belief that it showed the "alienation" of voters from the leading three political parties.
On 16 April, Galloway was sworn into Parliament by the Speaker of the House of Commons, John Bercow.
Julian Assange comments (August 2012).
Galloway was criticised for comments he made in August 2012 on the legal case against Wikileaks' Julian Assange. Galloway stated that the allegations, even if true, "don't constitute rape" because initiating sex with someone who is asleep after a sexual encounter the previous night is not rape. According to British barrister Felicity Gerry, this is not correct under English law.
Regarding the allegations against Assange, Galloway stated "Even taken at its worst, if the allegations made by these two women were true, 100 per cent true, and even if a camera in the room captured them, they don’t constitute rape, at least not rape as anyone with any sense can possibly recognise it. And somebody has to say this." He also stated that "not everybody needs to be asked prior to each insertion."
Galloway's comments were criticised by anti-rape campaigners as "ignorant", "very unhelpful", "offensive" and "deeply concerning".
Respect leader Salma Yaqoob described Galloway's comments as "deeply disappointing and wrong". She subsequently resigned from her post and the party. Yaqoob later stated that having to choose between Galloway's “anti-imperialist stances” and standing up for the rights of women was "a false choice."
Galloway was also sharply criticised by Labour councillor Naveeda Ikram, (then) Bradford's Lord Mayor (who is a Muslim), who stated that women were "outraged" and added that “Muslim women, in particular, played a large role in electing Mr. Galloway for Bradford West."
Galloway subsequently lost his job as a columnist for "Holyrood", a Scottish political magazine, for refusing to apologise for his remarks.
Israel and Zionism (2012–present).
On 27 November 2012, Galloway branded Zionism "a blasphemy against Judaism and against God", again praised Hamas and repudiated Israel. This call was made during an anti-Israel demonstration by members of his new constituency, at which Galloway said: "We do not hate Jews. We hate Zionism, we hate Israel, we hate murder and injustice. Israel blasphemes against the Torah by calling itself a Jewish state." This was followed by a call for the outlawing of dual British-Israeli citizenship.
On 20 February 2013, Galloway walked out of a publicised debate when he found out that his opponent had Israeli citizenship. The debate, hosted by Christ Church, part of the Oxford University, was on the topic "Israel should withdraw immediately from the West Bank". His opponent in the debate was Eylon Aslan-Levy. While Levy was speaking, Galloway interrupted him, asking "Are you an Israeli?". When Levy, a third-year PPE student at Brasenose College acknowledged this (he is of joint British-Israeli nationality), Galloway stood up and stated "I don't recognize Israel and I don't debate with Israelis" and left the meeting. Explaining his actions on his Facebook page, Galloway wrote:
Aslan-Levy was quoted in "Cherwell" as saying: "I am appalled that an MP would storm out of a debate with me for no reason other than my heritage. To refuse to talk to someone just because of their nationality is pure racism, and totally unacceptable for a member of parliament." Aslan-Levy later told the "Daily Mail" that "Galloway clearly had a problem not because I am Israeli – I'm sure he would have talked to an Israeli Arab, he didn't want to talk to me because I am an Israeli Jew". Julian Huppert, the Liberal Democrat MP for Cambridge, stated: "It is pretty pathetic that George Galloway walked out of the debate when he found out that another speaker was Israeli".
The Palestinian Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) National Committee subsequently released a statement indicating that while it does support a "boycott of Israel", the campaign rejects "a boycott of individuals because she or he happens to be Israeli or because they express certain views."
Galloway later claimed on his Twitter feed that he had been "misled", writing that "Christ Church never informed us that the debate would be with an Israeli. Simple". However, the debate's organiser, Mahmood Naji, flatly denied Galloway's claim that there was an attempt to mislead him. In an open letter to Galloway, Naji stated: "At no point during my email exchange with Mr Galloway's secretary was Eylon's nationality ever brought up or mentioned...nor do I expect to have to tell the speaker what his opponent's nationality is". In the letter, Naji stated that "I was not intending on replying until I saw you once again attempt to, in my opinion, slander me on "Press TV"." Naji also released a series of email correspondences with Galloway's secretary.
Legal case involving Galloway (2012- ).
Galloway's Respect Party claimed on 14 October 2013 that he had been subjected to a "dirty tricks" campaign involving an "agent", his former parliamentary assistant Aisha Ali Khan, and a Metropolitan Police counter terrorism officer, Detective Inspector Afiz Khan, her husband, a fact Galloway denied being aware of. Ali-Khan in turn complained to the Met that Galloway, or someone connected with him, had hacked into her email accounts as extracts from her communications were quoted by Galloway when he wrote to the home secretary, Theresa May, asking for an inquiry.
Aisha Ali Khan was charged in July 2013 with data protection offences involving the obtaining of personal data without consent while she was Galloway's secretary. In addition, her husband was charged with misconduct in public office and data protection offences. It is alleged he accessed restricted information about the arrest of radical Muslim cleric Anjem Choudary before passing the information to his wife while she working for Galloway. The couple appeared at Westminster magistrates court on 14 August 2013. At this time, the couple had yet to decide how they would plea in the case.
Bradford and the 2016 London Mayoral election.
After several months of inconclusive reports in the media, on 10 August 2013, the Bradford "Telegraph & Argus" reported that Galloway might not be a candidate in Bradford at the 2015 general election and instead stand in the 2016 London Mayoral election. Two of the five Respect councillors in Bradford, elected shortly after his by-election win, were suspended after they said that Galloway should resign as an MP if he intended to stand in the London election for Mayor. Shortly afterwards they and three colleagues resigned the party whip, and towards the end of October, left the Respect Party itself.
In October 2013, the "Total Politics" magazine published an interview with Galloway in which he admitted: "I like elections more than I like serving.", and said that he found being an MP was "2% terrifying, and 98% tedium". He again commented that he was considering running for London Mayor in 2016, but had not yet decided to do so.
Media activities.
Publishing, writing and journalism.
Galloway has been involved in several publishing companies. He owned Asian Voice, which published a newspaper called "East" from 1996. It later transpired that the Pakistan Government was funding the company with several hundred thousand pounds. "Documents show that the Pakistan government agreed an initial budget for the weekly newspaper of £547,000. According to a memorandum dated 2 January 1996, the Pakistan government proposed to "covertly sponsor" the publication, with money allocated to "the Secret Fund of the High Commissioner for Pakistan in the UK as a special grant for the project". The Commons Committee cleared Galloway of any wrongdoing in this matter.
His autobiography, "I'm Not The Only One" (a quote from John Lennon's song "Imagine"), was published on 28 April 2004. Armed Forces Minister Adam Ingram applied for an interim interdict to prevent the book's publication. Ingram asserted that Galloway's text, which stated that Ingram "played the flute in a sectarian, anti-Catholic, Protestant-supremacist Orange Order band", was in bad faith and defamatory, although Ingram's lawyers conceded that for a year as a teenager he had been a member of a junior Orange Lodge in Barlanark, Glasgow, and had attended three parades. The Judge, Lord Kingarth, decided to refuse an interim interdict, that the balance of the arguments favoured Galloway's publisher, and that the phrase "sectarian, anti-Catholic, Protestant-supremacist" was fair comment on that organisation. Although Ingram was not and never had been a flute-player, the defending advocate observed that "playing the flute carries no obvious defamatory imputation ... it is not to the discredit of anyone that he plays the flute." The judge ruled that Ingram should pay the full court costs of the hearing.
Galloway has also published the "Fidel Castro Handbook", a biography of the former Cuban President in 2006 (MQ Publications. ISBN 1-84072-688-1).
In August 2011, Galloway's book entitled "Open Season: The Neil Lennon Story" which explores anti-Irish and anti-Catholic bigotry in Scotland and describes many of the related hardships which have befallen Celtic manager Neil Lennon throughout his footballing career. Galloway himself has claimed that he was the victim of a sectarian attack at Glasgow Airport on 10 June 2007.
Galloway has contributed a weekly column in the "Daily Record" for many years in which he expresses his opinions on popular culture as well as politics. He used this column to reveal he was considering running for a seat in the Scottish Parliament in the May 2011 election. Galloway is an occasional contributor to "The Guardian" newspaper and website.
"Celebrity Big Brother".
In January 2006 Galloway appeared on the fourth series of the reality show for three weeks. During his time on the programme he mimed licking milk, while pretending to be a cat, from the cupped hands of another housemate, actress Rula Lenska. Galloway, a member of parliament, faced a claim from Hilary Armstrong, then Labour's Chief Whip, that he should "respect his constituents, not his ego".
talkSPORT.
On 11 March 2006, Galloway started broadcasting on talkSPORT a British commercial radio station owned by UTV, and two weeks later started a simultaneous broadcast on Talk 107, TalkSPORT's Edinburgh-based sister station. Billed as "The Mother of All Talk Shows", Galloway began every broadcast by playing the theme from the "Top Cat" cartoon series.
Galloway stopped presenting the show on 27 March 2010, due to campaign commitments in the 2010 UK General Election. During this time, he was replaced by Mike Graham.
In August 2010, Galloway returned to the station with a new show in a similar format, but titled "The Week with George Galloway", described by the station as a "No-holds barred review of the past seven days around the world". The end of Galloway's programme was announced in March 2012 in common with the dropping of all the non-sport elements of its schedule at the beginning of April.
TV presenter for the Arab world and Russia.
Galloway began presenting a programme titled "The Real Deal" on 21 May 2007. Originally on Raj TV, a satellite channel primarily aimed at the British Asian community, the show was resurrected, following a short break, on 10 February 2008 by Press TV, a London-based news channel controlled by the government of Iran. The series was still running in late 2011. Galloway hosts a 45-minute weekly current affairs show "Comment" on Press TV. This programme invites the viewers to engage in lively debate on international political issues.
In 2009, the British telecommunications regulator Ofcom criticised Galloway for breaching their broadcasting code by "breaking impartiality rules" in several of his Press TV programmes on the war in Gaza in which Israeli opinion failed to be "'adequately represented'".
Shortly after its foundation in 2012, Galloway became a presenter with the Al Mayadeen television station which has connections with Iran and the Assad regime in Syria.
In November 2013, Galloway with his wife Gayatri began to present "Sputnik" for the Russian RT network.
Clashes with the "News of the World".
The settlement with News International in respect of phone-hacking is understood not to cover a legal dispute regarding the activities of Mazher Mahmood, an undercover reporter for the "News of the World". In March 2006 Galloway claimed in a statement that Mahmood, who uses a disguise as a sheikh to frame celebrities, targeted him in an alleged sting operation. Galloway claims that Mahmood and an accomplice tried but failed to implicate him in illegal party funding, and to agree with antisemitic statements. Galloway wrote to the Metropolitan police commissioner and the Speaker of the House of Commons about the incident. He also released photographs of Mahmood and revealed other aspects of his activities. The "News of the World" lost a High Court action to prevent publication of photographs of Mahmood.
Galloway stated that the Metropolitan Police Service told him they had evidence he was targeted by Glenn Mulcaire, a private investigator working for the "News of the World" who was jailed for phone hacking in 2007. In 2010 Galloway began legal action for breach of privacy. In 2012 it was reported that Galloway had settled out of court, along with many other victims of phone hacking. The terms of the settlement were not disclosed, but he had previously claimed to have been offered "substantial sums of money" by "NOTW" to settle out of court.
"The Killing of Tony Blair".
Galloway announced his intention to make a documentary film in August 2013 about Tony Blair to be financed by online public subscription raised via the crowdfunding site Kickstarter. According to Galloway, the target for funding had been reached three times over by the end of October 2013.
Personal life.
From 1979 to 1999, he was married to Elaine Fyffe, with whom he has a daughter, Lucy, who herself has four children. The couple separated in 1987 and divorced in 1999. In 1994, he married Dr Amineh Abu-Zayyad in a Muslim ceremony; a civil ceremony around 2000 followed his divorce from Fyffe. Abu-zayyad was granted a "quicky" divorce at the beginning of 2009, after an estrangement of several years, on the grounds of "unreasonable behaviour". Galloway third wife was his Lebanese former researcher, Rima Husseini. They had two sons, born in May 2007 and December 2011. In March 2012, Galloway married his fourth wife, Putri Gayatri Pertiwi, a consultant with a Dutch research firm in an Islamic ceremony in Amsterdam. The couple announced in January 2014 that they are expecting their first child.
By his own account, he decided, at the age of 18, never to drink alcohol. He disapproves of it and describes it as having a "very deleterious effect on people". He stated at a March 2012 rally "We stand for justice and haqq" and "A Muslim is somebody who is not afraid of earthly power but who fears only the Judgment Day. I’m ready for that, I’m working for that and it's the only thing I fear".
In April 2012, Jemima Khan interviewed Galloway for the "New Statesman" magazine. In the article, Khan asserted that the politician had become a Muslim around 2000, but had not advertised this fact. Galloway subsequently denied that the ceremony had taken place: "I have never attended any such ceremony in Kilburn, Karachi or Kathmandu. It is simply and categorically untrue." He does not answer questions about his religious beliefs saying that this is a "personal matter".

</doc>
<doc id="18247143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247143" title="Huckitta (meteorite)">
Huckitta (meteorite)

Huckitta is a pallasite meteorite recovered in 1937 from Huckitta Cattle Station, Northern Territory, Australia.
History.
In 1924 a meteoritic mass of was found by Herbert Basedow on Burt Plain (23°33'S, 133°52'E), about north of Alice Springs. This mass was called "Alice Springs". In July 1937, the main mass of was recovered by Cecil Madigan at Huckitta (22°22'S, 135°46'E). Over of iron shale was also found. The "Alice Springs" meteorite was then paired with the main mass and considered a transported fragment. Today the location of the site where the main mass was found is on Arapunya Cattle Station, which had been part of Huckitta Cattle Station but was excised from it after the meteorite had been recovered.
Composition and classification.
It is a pallasite related to Main Group of pallasites. This pallasite is severely weathered: almost all of the metal is highly oxidized and transformed into hematite and magnetite, and olivine crystals are often altered.
Sometimes it is called an "anomalous" Main Group pallasite because, compared to other Main Group pallasites, it has rather high Ge and Ga contents, higher Pt, W, Ir, and lower Au content.

</doc>
<doc id="18247147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247147" title="Dutch National Road Race Championships">
Dutch National Road Race Championships

The Dutch National Road Race Championships take place annually, on the weekend prior to the start of the Tour de France. First held in 1888, today it is organized by the Top Sports Group, commissioned by the KNWU.
Men.
Until 1927, the race was open for all categories, after 1927 only for professional cyclists with or without contract.

</doc>
<doc id="18247154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247154" title="Workers Uniting">
Workers Uniting

Workers Uniting is a trans-Atlantic trade union created in 2008 by a merger of Unite the Union (better known as Unite) of the United Kingdom and Ireland with the U.S.-based United Steelworkers union (USW). Both unions still retain individual branding and leadership.
The merged union has a membership of three million members.

</doc>
<doc id="18247170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247170" title="Yoshi Terashima">
Yoshi Terashima

Yoshi Terashima (Yoshikazu Terashima) born November 15, 1957, is a Japanese record producer and a leading music industry executive who has spent many years working outside of Japan, mainly in New York and London. He has been the BMG Japan executive director of international labels.
Terashima joined a music company in Tokyo then moved to London in 1986 where he began to manage Melon, signed to Epic UK. In 1988 he established a Tokyo / London based dance label, Major Force and also started Respect Productions Ltd where he managed Gota Yashiki who worked with Soul II Soul, Seal, Tom Jones and Simply Red etc. In the late 80’s to early 90’s, Terashima was known as a heavy user of commercials studios in London which led to the decision to invest in his own private recording studios called Westpoint Studios, used by leading record producers and artists such as Dave Stewart, The Divine Comedy, Spiritualized, Simply Red, Jeff Beck, Tom Jones, Primal Scream and for projects such as the soundtrack of the movie, Romeo and Juliet. He has produced 4 tracks which reached No.1 in the US radio chart and one track was also awarded the best song in the R&R chart in 1998. 
Due to family reasons, he returned to Tokyo in January 2001 and began working for BMG Japan as the head of international division. In October 2001 he became the director of the company where he was responsible for breaking new artists such as Dido, Avril Lavigne, Alicia Keys, Maroon 5, Kelly Clarkson and Kasabian. Terashima was under contract to become the President of BMG Japan, however due to changes of reporting structure of the company from New York to Hong Kong, he left the company in July 2006 after serving as Executive Vice President.
In 2007 he became the chairman and consultant for an independent music group called Growing Up Inc, home to the biggest Japanese indie artist, Ellegarden, who are released by Nettwerk Music Group in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="18247173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247173" title="Bill Tush">
Bill Tush

Bill Tush (born 1948) is an American news journalist and humorist.
Biography.
Tush began his career as a radio disk jockey in 1965 in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, hosting the station's "Mid Morning Polka Party]]." His radio career landed him in Atlanta, Georgia, in 1974, where he would eventually join Ted Turner at his then-local television station, WTCG, channel 17. As WTCG evolved into SuperStation WTBS, Tush became a jack of many trades at the station, voicing over station promos and identifications, appearing in commercials, hosting movies and reading the news at 3 am, about which Turner jokingly commented, "we have a 100% share at this time". Tush would often read the news with his co-anchor Rex, a German Shepherd in shirt and tie.
Because of the cult popularity of the satirical overnight newscasts, Turner gave Tush his own comedy sketch show in 1980, simply called "Tush". The cast included such newcomers as "SNL"s Jan Hooks and Bonnie and Terry Turner (SNL writers and co-creators of "3rd Rock from the Sun" and "That 70's Show"). The hour-long program aired at 12:05 am Eastern time on Friday and Saturday nights. Although the show ceased production one year later, reruns aired through May 28, 1983. The following week its old timeslot was filled by a six-hour music video program called "Night Tracks". Ironically, though, later that year, Tush made a comedic appearance in a "Night Tracks" sales presentation video playing an investigative reporter. Having no further work at WTBS for him, Turner eventually dispatched Tush to Hollywood to host a new entertainment show, "People Now", on Turner's then-relatively-new CNN channel. Eventually, Tush became senior entertainment correspondent for CNN in 1993 and relocated to New York City to host "Showbiz Today". 
Tush retired from Turner Broadcasting System to pursue other interests, including writing and producing, in 2003. Tush decided to return to Atlanta, Georgia, where he originally obtained fame.
Tush made a rare public appearance September 12, 2009, at Atlanta's Variety Playhouse to introduce Darryl Rhoades & The Hahavishnu Orchestra Celebration.

</doc>
<doc id="18247176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247176" title="Deir Yassin massacre">
Deir Yassin massacre

The Deir Yassin massacre took place on April 9, 1948, when around 120 fighters from the Irgun Zevai Leumi and Lohamei Herut Israel Zionist paramilitary groups attacked Deir Yassin near Jerusalem, a Palestinian Arab village of roughly 600 people. The assault occurred as Jewish militia sought to relieve the blockade of Jerusalem by Palestinian forces during the civil war that preceded the end of British rule in Palestine.
Around 107 villagers were killed during and after the battle for the village, including women and children—some were shot, while others died when hand grenades were thrown into their homes. Several villagers were taken prisoner and may have been killed after being paraded through the streets of West Jerusalem, though accounts vary. Four of the attackers died, with around 35 injured. The killings were condemned by the leadership of the Haganah—the Jewish community's main paramilitary force—and by the area's two chief rabbis. The Jewish Agency for Israel sent Jordan's King Abdullah a letter of apology, which he rebuffed.
The deaths became a pivotal event in the Arab–Israeli conflict for their demographic and military consequences. The narrative was embellished and used by various parties to attack each other—by the Palestinians against Israel; by the Haganah to play down their own role in the affair; and by the Israeli Left to accuse the Irgun and Lehi of violating the Jewish principle of purity of arms, thus blackening Israel's name around the world. News of the killings sparked terror within the Palestinian community, encouraging them to flee from their towns and villages in the face of Jewish troop advances, and it strengthened the resolve of Arab governments to intervene, which they did five weeks later.
Background.
Political and military situation.
The attack on Deir Yassin took place after the United Nations proposed on November 29, 1947 (UN Resolution 181) that Palestine be divided into an Arab state and a Jewish one. Jerusalem was to belong to neither state, but was to be administered separately; Deir Yassin lay within the boundaries of the proposed plan for Jerusalem. The Arabs rejected the proposal, and civil war broke out. British rule in Palestine ended on May 14, 1948; Israel declared its independence that day, and several Arab armies invaded at midnight on May 15, triggering the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.
In the months leading up to the end of British rule, in a phase of the civil war known as "The Battle of Roads," the Arab League-sponsored Arab Liberation Army (ALA)—composed of Palestinians and other Arabs—attacked Jewish traffic on major roads in an effort to isolate the Jewish communities from each other. The ALA managed to seize several strategic vantage points along the highway between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv—Jerusalem's sole supply route and link to the western side of the city where 16 percent of all Jews in Palestine lived—and began firing on convoys traveling to the city. By March 1948, the road was cut off and Jerusalem was under siege. In response, the Haganah launched Operation "Nachshon" to break the siege. On April 6, in an effort to secure strategic positions, the Haganah and its strike force, the Palmach, attacked al-Qastal, a village two kilometers north of Deir Yassin overlooking the Jerusalem-Tel Aviv highway. On April 9, Irgun and Lehi forces attacked nearby Deir Yassin.
Deir Yassin.
Deir Yassin was a Palestinian Arab village of several hundred residents, all Muslim, living in 144 houses. The International Committee of the Red Cross reported that there were 400 residents; Yoav Gelber writes that there were 610, citing the British mandatory authority figures; and Menachem Begin's biographer, Eric Silver, 800 to 1,000. It was situated on a hill west of Jerusalem, 800 meters above sea level, overlooking the main highway entering Jerusalem. The village was relatively prosperous, thanks to the excavation of limestone from the village quarries, which allowed the residents to make a good living from stone-cutting. By most accounts, they lived in peace with their Jewish neighbors in nearby villages, particularly those in Givat Shaul, an Orthodox community just across the valley, some of whom reportedly tried to help the Deir Yassin villagers during the Irgun-Lehi invasion.
On January 20, 1948, the villagers met leaders of the Givat Shaul community to form a peace pact. The Deir Yassin villagers agreed to inform Givat Shaul should Palestinian militiamen appear in the village, by hanging out certain types of laundry during the day—two white pieces with a black piece in the middle—and at night signaling three dots with a flashlight and placing three lanterns in a certain place. In return, patrols from Givat Shaul guaranteed safe passage to Deir Yassin residents, in vehicles or on foot, passing through their neighborhood on the way to Jerusalem. Yoma Ben-Sasson, Haganah commander in Givat Shaul, said after the village had been captured that, "there was not even one incident between Deir Yassin and the Jews."
Arab militia.
Arab militiamen had tried to set up camp in the village, leading to a firefight that saw one villager killed. Just before January 28, Abd al Qadir had arrived with 400 men and tried to recruit some villagers, but the elders voiced their opposition and the men moved on. The leader of the village, the mukhtar, was summoned to Jerusalem to explain to the Arab Higher Committee (AHC), the Palestinian Arab leadership, what the village's relationship was with the Jews: he told them the villagers and the Jews lived in peace. No steps were taken against him, and he was not asked to cancel the peace pact. On February 13, an armed gang of Arabs arrived to attack Givat Shaul, but the Deir Yassin villagers saw them off, the result of which was that the gang killed all the village's sheep. On March 16, the AHC sent a delegation to the village to request that it host a group of Iraqi and Syrian irregulars to guard it. The villagers said no then, and again on April 4, though Irgun fighters said they did encounter at least two foreign militiamen during the April 9 invasion.
The view that the relationship between Deir Yassin and its neighbors was invariably peaceful is disputed by Yehuda Lapidot (underground name, "Nimrod"), the Irgun's second-in-command of the operation to take the village. He writes that there had been occasional skirmishes between Deir Yassin and Givat Shaul residents, and that on April 3, shots had been fired from Deir Yassin toward the Jewish villages of Bet Hakerem and Yefe Nof. He writes that the village was defended by 100 armed men, that ditches had been dug around it, that Iraqi and Palestinian guerrillas were stationed there, and that there was a guard force stationed by the village entrance. Benny Morris writes that it is possible some militiamen were stationed in the village, but the evidence is far from definitive, in his view. In Gelber's view, it is unlikely that the peace pact between Deir Yassin and Givat Shaul continued to hold in April, given the intensity of hostilities between the Arab and Jewish communities elsewhere. He writes that shots had been exchanged on April 2 between Deir Yassin and several Jewish communities. Over the next few days, the Jewish community at Motza and Jewish traffic on the road to Tel Aviv came under fire from the village. On April 8, Deir Yassin youth took part in the defence of the Arab village of al-Qastal, which the Jews had invaded days earlier: the names of several Deir Yassin residents appeared on a list of wounded compiled by the British Palestine police.
Irgun and Lehi militia.
The Jewish forces that entered Deir Yassin belonged in the main to two extremist, underground, paramilitary groups, the Irgun (Etzel) (National Military Organization) and the Lehi (Fighters for the Freedom of Israel), also known as the Stern Gang, both aligned with the right-wing revisionist Zionist movement. Formed in 1931, Irgun was a militant group that broke away from the mainstream Jewish militia, the Haganah. During the 1936–39 Arab revolt in Palestine, in which Palestinian Arabs rose up against the British mandate authorities in protest at mass Jewish immigration into the country, Irgun's tactics had included bus and marketplace bombings, condemned by both the British and the Jewish Agency. Lehi, an Irgun splinter group, was formed in 1940 following Irgun's decision to declare a truce with the British during World War II. Lehi subsequently carried out a series of assassinations designed to force the British out of Palestine. In April 1948, it was estimated that the Irgun had 300 fighters in Jerusalem, and Lehi around 100.
The Palmach, the strike force of the Haganah—whose leadership was aligned with the political Left (see Mapai)—also took part, though to a lesser extent. Morris writes that two Palmach squads evacuated the wounded, and helped invade and secure some of the villagers' houses. When the Irgun and Lehi fighters ran low on ammunition, they obtained thousands of rounds from the Haganah. Haganah squads also provided covering fire, and fired on villagers fleeing south towards Ayn Karim.
Battle plans.
Decision to attack.
The attack on the village was important for two reasons, according to Yehuda Lapidot of the Irgun. In the view of Irgun and Lehi, it posed a threat to Jewish neighborhoods and the main road to the coastal plain, and it was the first time Jewish forces had gone on the offensive, as opposed to responding to attacks. An assault on the village would show the Arabs the Jews intended to fight for Jerusalem.
Eric Silver writes that Irgun and Lehi commanders approached David Shaltiel, the Haganah commander in Jerusalem, for approval. He was initially reluctant, because the villagers had signed a non-aggression pact, and suggested attacking Ein Karem instead. The Lehi and Irgun commanders complained that this would be too hard for them. Shaltiel ultimately yielded, on condition that the attackers remain in the village rather than leaving it empty, to prevent it becoming an Arab military base. His approval met with resistance. Meir Pa'il, an intelligence officer with the Palmach, the Haganah's strike force, objected to violating the peace pact with the village, but Shaltiel maintained that he had no power to stop them. Pa'il said in 1998 that Yitzchak Levi, head of Haganah intelligence in Jerusalem, had proposed the inhabitants be notified, but Shaltiel had refused to endanger the operation by warning them.
According to Morris, it was agreed during planning meetings that the residents would be expelled. Lehi further proposed that any villagers who failed to flee should be killed to terrify the rest of the country's Arabs. Most of the fighters at the meetings, from both the Irgun and Lehi, favored killing the male villagers, but the Irgun command, including Menachem Begin, objected. According to Lapidot, the troops were specifically ordered not to kill women, children, or prisoners.
Pre-attack briefing.
According to the Haganah, the attack force consisted of about 120 men—80 from the Irgun and 40 from Lehi. They met for briefings on April 8, a few hours before the attack began. Lehi met at the Etz Hayim base, and the Irgun at Givat Shaul. Lapidot writes that the mood at the Irgun meeting was festive. It was the first time a large number of underground fighters had met openly, and the collaboration between the groups increased their sense of solidarity. They chose a password to reflect the mood, ""Ahdut Lohemet"" ("Fighters' Solidarity"). This was the phrase that would signal the start of the attack. According to Lapidot, Mordechai Raanan, the Irgun commander in Jerusalem, stressed that women, children, and the elderly must not be harmed, and that the villagers were to be warned by loudspeaker to give them a chance to escape. The road to Ayn Karim would be left open so they could head there.
The attack.
Invasion.
After the briefing, the fighters were driven to their assigned positions. A Lehi unit approached Deir Yassin from the direction of Givat Shaul, while one Irgun unit moved in from the east, and a second from the south. Despite their confidence, the fighters were by all accounts ill-prepared, untrained, and inexperienced. The loudspeaker that was meant to encourage the villagers to leave wasn't working properly, and the truck carrying it got stuck in a ditch outside the village, though Abu Mahmoud, a villager, told the BBC in 1998 that he did hear the warning. At 04:45, a village sentry spotted them moving in, and he called out in Arabic, "Mahmoud." One of the Irgun fighters thought he had said "Ahdut," part of the password. He responded with the second half of the password, "lohemet". According to the Irgun commander the Arabs shouted "Yahud" (Jews) and opened fire.
Irgun and Lehi commanders had believed the residents would flee, but the fighters encountered resistance. The residents did not realize that the point of the attack was conquest, thinking it just a raid, and failed to run while they had the chance. The villagers' sniper fire from higher positions in the west, especially from the mukhtar's house, effectively contained the attack. Some Lehi units went for help from the Haganah's Camp Schneller in Jerusalem. The men had no experience of attacking an Arab village in daylight, and lacked support weapons. They resorted to house-to-house attacks, throwing hand grenades through the doors and windows before entering, a couple of grenades per house, following an order from Ben Zion Cohen, the Irgun's commander. Ezra Yachin recalled, "To take a house, you had either to throw a grenade or shoot your way into it. If you were foolish enough to open doors, you got shot down—sometimes by men dressed up as women, shooting out at you in a second of surprise."
The Lehi forces slowly advanced house by house. Weapons failed to work, a few tossed hand grenades without pulling the pin, and a Lehi unit commander, Amos Keynan, was wounded by his own men. Meanwhile, the Irgun guerrillas on the other side of the village were also having a difficult time. By 7:00 a.m., discouraged by the Arab resistance and their own increasing casualties, Irgun commanders relayed a message to the Lehi camp that they were considering retreating. Lehi commanders relayed back that they had already entered the village and expected victory soon. The large number of Jewish wounded was a problem. A Magen David Adom station was called for an ambulance. The fighters took beds out of the houses, and doors off their hinges, laid the wounded on them, and ordered Arab women and old men to carry the injured to the ambulance. According to an Irgun participant, many of the stretcher bearers were hit by Arab fire.
The Irgun arranged to receive a supply of explosives from their base in Givat Shaul, and started blasting their way into house after house. In certain instances, the force of the explosions destroyed entire parts of houses, burying Arab fighters and civilians. In the afternoon, a Palmach unit from the Haganah arrived with an two armored vehicles and two two-inch mortars. The mortar was fired three times at the mukhtar's house, which stopped the sniper fire. According to one Palmach participant, "six of us went house to house, throwing grenades and bursting in". Lehi officer David Gottlieb said the Palmach had accomplished "in one hour what we could not accomplish in several hours."
The killing and the aftermath.
Numbers killed.
The fighting was over by about 11:00 am. Jacques de Reynier, head of the International Committee of the Red Cross delegation in Palestine, visited Deir Yassin on April 11, 1948 and observed "a total of more than 200 dead, men, women, and children. Sharif Kan'ana of Bir Zeit University interviewed survivors and published figures in 1988: 107 villagers had died, 11 of them armed, with 12 wounded. An Irgun fighter testified years later that Irgun and Lehi men had killed 80 prisoners after the fighting was over. Gelber writes that the figure is inflated and has not been corroborated. Kan'ana writes that 25 villagers were executed and thrown into the quarry after the battle, which Gelber regards as accurate.
Meir Pa'il account.
Morris writes that the Irgun and Lehi troops began pillaging the houses and corpses, stealing money and jewelery from the survivors, and burning corpses. Many of the eyewitness accounts come from Haganah officers. Eliahu Arbel, Operations Officer B of the Haganah's Etzioni Brigade, arrived at the scene on April 10. "I have seen a great deal of war," he said years later, "but I never saw a sight like Deir Yassin." Morris writes that the most detailed report comes from Meir Pa'il, a Palmach intelligence officer who said he visited the village on April 9 to observe the operation on behalf of the Haganah:
Pa'il writes that the Haredi people of Givat Shaul came to help the villagers at around 2 p.m., and were able to stop the killing:
Israeli military historian Uri Milstein wrote in 1998 that Pa'il was not in Deir Yassin on April 9. Milstein argues that there was no organized massacre, though according to Morris he acknowledges that whole families were gunned down during the fighting. Milstein argues that the Haganah intelligence reports were doctored by the authors or their superiors to discredit the Irgun and Lehi because of in-fighting within the Jewish community.
Villagers taken to Jerusalem, possibly killed.
Morris writes that the Irgun and Lehi troops loaded some survivors, including women and children, onto trucks, and drove them through the streets of West Jerusalem, where they were jeered, spat at, and stoned. Harry Levin, a Haganah broadcaster, reported seeing "three trucks driving slowly up and down King George V Avenue bearing men, women, and children, their hands above their heads, guarded by Jews armed with sten-guns and rifles." Contrary to Pa'il's account that people from Givat Shaul had helped the prisoners, Mordechai Gichon of the Haganah wrote on April 10 that they had taken part in what he called the "torture" of the prisoners, referring to their being kicked and shoved with rifle butts.
Pi'al reported to Haganah intelligence on April 10 that he saw five Arab men being paraded through the streets, and later saw their bodies in a quarry near Givat Shaul. Morris writes that this is supported by a report from Dr. Z. Avigdori, the chairman of the Jerusalem branch of the Palestine Physicians Association, and his deputy, Dr. A. Druyan, who were sent by the Jewish Agency to examine the scene on April 12. They walked from house to house, counting and examining corpses. Their report said they found 46 corpses. The cause of death had been injuries from bullets or bombs, and that, "all the bodies were dressed in their own clothes, limbs were whole and we saw no signs of mutilation." They also said they found five male bodies in a house by the village quarry.
Mordechai Gihon, a Haganah intelligence (HIS) officer in Jerusalem, reported on April 10 seeing people carry bodies to the quarry east of Deir Yassin: "We entered the village around 3:00 in the afternoon April 9 ... In the village there were tens of bodies. The dissidents got them out of the roads. I told them not to throw the bodies into cisterns and caves, because that was the first place that would be checked..." He described beatings, looting, and the stripping of jewelry and money from prisoners. He wrote that the initial orders were to take the men prisoner and send the women and children away, but the order was changed to kill all the prisoners. The mukhtar's son was killed in front of his mother and sisters, he said.
The head of the HIS in Jerusalem, Yitzhak Levy, wrote in reports dated April 12 and 13: "The conquest of the village was carried out with great brutality, whole families women, old people and children were killed and there are piles and piles of dead." He wrote that a mother and child who had been moved from Deir Yassin to Sheikh Badr were killed there by Lehi fighters. Seven old men and women, who had been taken to Jerusalem, were taken back to Deir Yassin and killed in the quarry there, he wrote, and an Arab man, believed to be a sniper, was killed and his corpse burned in front of foreign journalists.
Fifty-five children from the village whose parents had been killed were taken to the Jaffa Gate in Jerusalem's Old City, and left there. They were found by a Palestinian woman, Hind Husseini, a member of the prominent Palestinian Husseini family. She at first rented two rooms for them, bringing them food every day, before moving them to the Sahyoun convent. In July, she moved them again, this time to her family home, a large house her grandfather had built in Jerusalem in 1891. She renamed the house "Dar Al-Tifl Al-Arabi" (Arab Children's House), and set up a foundation to finance it. The orphanage continues to this day.
Irgun–Lehi press conference.
On the evening of April 9, the fighters invited American journalists to a house in Givat Shaul, where they served tea and cookies while explaining the attacks. A spokesman said he regretted the casualties among the women and children, but they were inevitable because every house had to be reduced by force. Ten houses had been blown up entirely, he said, though Yoav Gelber writes that this is untrue; he says the Irgun and Lehi forces had not been carrying explosives. Other houses had their doors blown off and hand grenades thrown inside. Morris writes that the killing continued after April 9. Several residents who had either hidden or pretended to have died were apparently killed by Lehi men on April 10 or 11.
Haganah and Palestine Police Force reports.
A number of sources alleged there had been instances of rape. Yitzhak Levy, head of Haganah Intelligence, wrote on April 13: "LHI members tell of the barbaric behavior of the IZL [Irgun toward the prisoners and the dead. They also relate that the IZL men raped a number of Arab girls and murdered them afterward . . ." Levy went on to say that he was not certain the allegations were true. The main source of the rape allegations was Assistant Inspector-General Richard Catling of the British Palestine Police Force. He wrote one or more reports based on interviews he conducted in Silwan with some of the Deir Yassin women:
Yoav Gelber writes that Catling was "an old and bitter enemy" of the Irgun and Lehi. The whereabouts of his original report(s) are unknown, and writers refer to it only indirectly, citing Dominique Lapierre and Larry Collins's book "O Jerusalem" (1972) as their source. Lapierre and Collins write that copies of three of Catling's reports were in their possession when they wrote the book.
Red Cross visit.
Jacques de Reynier, head of the International Committee of the Red Cross delegation in Palestine, and his assistant Dr. Alfred Engel, visited Deir Yassin on April 11. In his personal memoirs, published in 1950, Reynier wrote: "a total of more than 200 dead, men, women, and children. About 150 cadavers have not been preserved inside the village in view of the danger represented by the bodies' decomposition. They have been gathered, transported some distance, and placed in a large trough (I have not been able to establish if this is a pit, a grain silo, or a large natural excavation). ... body was a woman who must have been eight months pregnant, hit in the stomach, with powder burns on her dress indicating she'd been shot point-blank." He wrote that he had encountered a "cleaning-up team" when he arrived the village.
After his inspection, the Irgun asked him to sign a document to say he had been received courteously and thanking them for their help. When he refused, they told him he would sign it if he valued his life. "The only course open to me was to convince them that I did not value my life in the least," he wrote.
Reaction.
Appeals to the British.
The Arab emergency committee in Jerusalem learned of the attack around nine in the morning of April 9, including reports about the killing of women and children. They requested the help of the British, but did nothing further. In the late afternoon, they started to hear reports of women and children being paraded through the streets of Jerusalem. They sent the prisoners food and again appealed to the British army to intervene, to no avail. Gelber writes that the British were not keen to take on the Irgun and Lehi, who would have fought back if attacked, unlike the Haganah. High Commissioner Sir Alan Cunningham urged that troops be sent to Deir Yassin, but General Sir Gordon MacMillan, commander of the Palestine Forces, said he would risk British lives only in British interests. The RAF commanding officer offered to fire rockets on the Jewish forces in the village, but the light bombers had been sent to Egypt and the rockets to Iraq. Cunningham later said the RAF had brought a squadron of Tempest aircraft from Iraq to bomb the village, but he cancelled the operation when he learned the Haganah had arrived there and had garrisoned it.
Propaganda.
The Jordanian newspaper "Al Urdun" published a survivor's account in 1955, which said the Palestinians had deliberately exaggerated stories about atrocities in Deir Yassin to encourage others to fight, stories that had caused them to flee instead. Everyone had reason to spread the atrocity narrative. The Irgun and Lehi wanted to frighten Arabs into fleeing; the Arabs wanted to provoke an international response; the Haganah wanted to tarnish the Irgun and Lehi; and the Arabs and the British wanted to malign the Jews. In addition, Milstein writes, the left-wing Mapai party and David Ben-Gurion, who became Israel's first prime minister on May 14, exploited Deir Yassin to stop a power-sharing agreement with the right-wing Revisionists—who were associated with Irgun and Lehi—a proposal that was being debated at the time in Tel Aviv. Mordechai Ra'anan, the Irgun commander in Jerusalem, told reporters on April 10 that 254 Arab bodies had been counted, a figure published by "The New York Times" on April 13. In 1987, in a study regarded as authoritative, Sharif Kan'ana of Bir Zeit University concluded by interviewing survivors that 107 had died, with 12 wounded.
Hazem Nuseibeh, the news editor of the Palestine Broadcasting Service at the time of the attack, gave an interview to the BBC in 1998. He spoke about a discussion he had with Hussayn Khalidi, the deputy chairman of the Higher Arab Executive in Jerusalem, shortly after the killings: "I asked Dr. Khalidi how we should cover the story. He said, 'We must make the most of this.' So he wrote a press release, stating that at Deir Yassin, children were murdered, pregnant women were raped, all sorts of atrocities." Gelber writes that Khalidi told journalists on April 11 that the village's dead included 25 pregnant women, 52 mothers of babies, and 60 girls.
The stories of rape angered the villagers, who complained to the Arab emergency committee that their wives and daughters were being exploited in the service of propaganda. Abu Mahmud, who lived in Deir Yassin in 1948, was one of those who complained. He told the BBC: "We said, 'There was no rape.' He Khalidi said, 'We have to say this so the Arab armies will come to liberate Palestine from the Jews'." "This was our biggest mistake," said Nusseibeh. "We did not realize how our people would react. As soon as they heard that women had been raped at Deir Yassin, Palestinians fled in terror. They ran away from all our villages." He told Larry Collins in 1968: "We committed a fatal error, and set the stage for the refugee problem." A villager known as Haj Ayish stated that "there had been no rape". He questioned the accuracy of the Arab radio broadcasts which "talked of women being killed and raped", and instead believed that "most of those who were killed were among the fighters and the women and children who helped the fighters". Mohammed Radwan, one of the villagers who fought the attackers, said: "There were no rapes. It's all lies. There were no pregnant women who were slit open. It was propaganda that ... Arabs put out so Arab armies would invade. They ended up expelling people from all of Palestine on the rumor of Deir Yassin." Radwan added "I know when I speak that God is up there and God knows the truth and God will not forgive the liars." Historian Abdel Jawad states that women at Deir Yassin spoke to British interrogators about rapes occurring and their opinion that this was the worst thing that happened. He states that it was something that could not be discussed in their society and was never talked of by the men. Citing Hasso (2000:495) Isabelle Humphries and Laleh Khalili note that in Palestine men's honour was tied to "the maintenance of kin women's virginity (when unmarried) or exclusive sexual availability (when married)", and that this culture led to the suppression of the narratives of rape victims. 
In 1969, the Israeli Foreign Ministry published an English pamphlet “Background Notes on Current Themes: Deir Yassin” denying that there had been a massacre at Deir Yassin, that the village was the home of an Iraqi garrison, and calling the massacre story "part of a package of fairy tales, for export and home consumption". The pamphlet led to a series of derivative articles giving the same message, mostly outside Israel. Menachem Begin's Herut party disseminated a Hebrew translation in Israel, causing a widespread but largely non-public debate within the Israeli establishment. Several former leaders of the Haganah demanded that the pamphlet be withdrawn on account of its inaccuracy, but the Foreign Ministry explained that "While our intention and desire is to maintain accuracy in our information, we sometimes are forced to deviate from this principle when we have no choice or alternative means to rebuff a propaganda assault or Arab psychological warfare." Yitzhak Levi, the 1948 leader of Hagana Intelligence, wrote to Begin: "On behalf of the truth and the purity of arms of the Jewish soldier in the War of Independence, I see it as my duty to warn you against continuing to spread this untrue version about what happened in Deir Yassin to the Israeli public. Otherwise there will be no avoiding raising the matter publicly and you will be responsible." Eventually, the Foreign Ministry agreed to stop distributing the pamphlet, but it remains the source of many popular accounts.
Exodus and invasion.
Mapam's leaders later concluded that the fall of Deir Yassin and Haifa were the two pivotal events of the Palestinian exodus. On April 14, Irgun radio broadcast that villages around Deir Yassin and elsewhere were being evacuated. HIS intelligence reported that the residents of Beit Iksa and Al Maliha had fled. The village of Fureidis appealed for arms. The villages of Fajja and Mansura reached a peace agreement with their Jewish neighbors. Arabs fled from Haifa and Khirbet Azzun. A Haganah attack on Saris encountered no resistance, because of the fear of Deir Yassin, in the view of the British. Menachem Begin, leader of the Irgun at the time of the attack, though not present at the village, wrote in 1977:
The Deir Yassin attack, along with attacks on Tiberias, Haifa, and Jaffa, put pressure on Arab governments to invade Palestine. News of the killings had aroused public anger in the Arab world, which the governments felt unable to ignore. Syria's foreign minister remarked that the Arab public's desire for war was irresistible. The arrival of tens of thousands of refugees further convinced them to act. A consensus favoring invasion began to emerge the day after Deir Yassin, at a meeting on April 10 in Cairo of the Arab League Political Committee. Golda Meir, disguised in an Arab robe, met King Abdullah in Amman on May 10–11, the second such meeting between them. During their first, Abdullah had agreed to a partition of Palestine to include a Jewish state. Now, he retracted, suggesting instead a Jewish canton within a Hashemite kingdom. Deir Yassin had changed things, he said. Meir reported later that Abdullah was approaching war "as a person who is in a trap and can't get out." The Arab invasion began at midnight on May 14, when Abdullah fired a symbolic shot in the air, and shouted "Forward!"
Deir Yassin today.
In 1949, despite protests, the Jerusalem neighborhood of Givat Shaul Bet was built on what had been Deir Yassin's land, now considered part of Har Nof, an Orthodox area. Four Jewish scholars, Martin Buber, Ernst Simon, Werner Senator, and Cecil Roth, wrote to Israel's first prime minister, David Ben-Gurion, asking that Deir Yassin be left uninhabited, or that its settlement be postponed. They wrote that it had become "infamous throughout the Jewish world, the Arab world and the whole world." Settling the land so soon after the killings would amount to an endorsement of them. Ben-Gurion failed to respond, though the correspondents sent him copy after copy. Eventually his secretary replied that he had been too busy to read their letter.
In 1951, construction of the Kfar Shaul Mental Health Center began, using some of the village's houses, now hidden behind the hospital's fence, with entry closely restricted. Har HaMenuchot, a Jewish cemetery, lies to the north. To the south is a valley containing part of the Jerusalem Forest, and on the other side of the valley, a mile and a half away, lie Mount Herzl and the Holocaust memorial museum, Yad Vashem. Palestinian historian Walid Khalidi wrote in 1992:
In 2010, the Supreme Court of Israel rejected a petition by the newspaper Haaretz for the declassification of documents, reports and photographs concerning the Deir Yassin massacre. The court cited the possible damage to Israel's foreign relations and its negotiations with the Palestinians.

</doc>
<doc id="18247184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247184" title="Jackie DiNorscio">
Jackie DiNorscio

Giacomo "Jackie Dee" DiNorscio (July 20, 1940 – November 14, 2004) was a member of the Bruno and later the Lucchese crime families. DiNorscio died near the end of the shooting of the film "Find Me Guilty", which portrayed his participation as his own lawyer (Pro Se) in the "The United States v. Anthony Accetturo et al." RICO trial, famous for being the longest federal trial to date (at 21 months). This trial was conducted while DiNorscio was already incarcerated on separate drug charges. He was ultimately found Not Guilty (as well as his fellow co-defendants) after an amazingly short deliberation of the jury. After the trial, DiNorscio went back to prison; he was released on November 23, 2002, after serving 17.5 years of a 30 year sentence.
Philadelphia family.
The longtime Don of the Philadelphia crime family, Angelo "Gentle Don" Bruno, was killed on March 21, 1980, resulting in a huge power vacuum. Accetturo and Taccetta, on the other hand, used their situation to establish a new foothold in Philadelphia as a part of the Jersey Crew, with illegal gambling and loansharking operations. Because of the bad relations between the two factions in Philadelphia's crime family, as well as both Taccetta and Accetturo taking advantage of the situation, the relationship between Philadelphia and the New York Families, especially the Luccheses, eventually turned worse than ever, which led to all cooperation between the families being completely terminated. It was around this time that prominent Bruno member, "Jackie" DiNorscio, along with many others, defected to the New Jersey faction of the Lucchese crime family to earn greater profits and to avoid being killed.
Federal RICO (and other charges) Trial.
During the early 1980s, U.S. law enforcement started an operation to discover and prosecute all organized crime activities in the North Jersey area. After a four-year-long investigation was finally announced and indictments were brought up toward 20 members of Jersey Crew. Accetturo was brought from Florida, the Taccetta brothers were arrested in Newark, and 17 other known members were put on trial for 76 Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) predicates. These charges of criminal activity claimed that the Lucchese Family participated in loansharking, extortion, racketeering, illegal gambling, money laundering, drug trafficking, arson, thefts, as well as murder and conspiracy to commit murder. In late 1986 and early 1987, the trial first began. During the trial, DiNorscio went on to fire his lawyer and represent himself during the entire trial. Although not popular with Accetturo and Taccetta, DiNorscio is reported to have charmed the jury; as the trial ended in 1988, all twenty (20) defendants were acquitted, with a great deal of "pull" attributed to the congenial personality demonstrated by DiNorscio while he represented himself against the charges. The prosecutors were stunned and it is claimed that the Jersey Crew went right back where they left off in their criminal enterprises before the RICO trial.

</doc>
<doc id="18247185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247185" title="Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 57 kg">
Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 57 kg

The Men's Freestyle 57 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Sangmu Gymnasium, Seongnam.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18247197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247197" title="Fausto Budicin">
Fausto Budicin

Fausto Budicin (born 1 May 1981) is a Croatian football defender, who currently plays for and captains NK Istra 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="18247211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247211" title="Ozon Radio (Serbia)">
Ozon Radio (Serbia)

Ozon Radio is a radio station in Čačak, Serbia.
History.
Started working in September 1996 from a passenger trailer. 
Within a month it became the most listened radio station in Cacak as the election campaign was in progress for local and federal elections. Ozon was broadcasting informative and contact programs substantially different from regime stations as the only active ones in Cacak at the time. 
Ozon came on regime blacklist very soon, so passenger trailer kept moving around Čačak in order to avoid police.
Since regime stations forbid, or censured presentations of opposition candidates, some smaller stations took liberty to show that presentations, and Ozon was one of them. Ozon was the only free radio in wide area presenting informative programs and presentations candidates of opposition parties where they could present their political views and programs and listeners actively participate with their comments and questions.
At that time Ozon was continuously broadcasting (live) meetings and demonstrations, statements of political parties' leaders, public persons and citizens. It was the time when Ozon started taking over informative programs of B92 Radio, larger anti-regime station from Belgrade, though with very obscure techniques. 
Of course, since it wouldn't comply with regime policy of Slobodan Milošević they were banned and there were often attempts to shut down the station and arrest staff. 
Federal inspector for radio communications, assisted by the police, forbade work of Ozon Radio on November 29, 1996. Five-day protests followed at the town square in Cacak where from 3000 to 5000 people gathered day after day. To people's insisting Ozon continued programs broadcasting.
Due to its large influence on local people, high ratings of listening and constant struggle with regime, Ozon radio greatly contributed winning of opposition at the local elections in Cacak. With change of local power, they finally moved from passenger trailer to temporary studio. Ozon editors continued their fight against regime, but now, with new local government, they started to inform people on various cases of political and financial scams of new authorities.
New authorities were not interesting in further work of Ozon, as they got to manage municipal Radio Cacak. There were many incidents with the new mayor of Cacak - Velimir Ilić including one, while he was sending message to Ozon members to 'watchout', his members crashed into studio of Radio Ozon. 
Ozon continued work with primitive technical equipment it had, moving their premises twice. Ozon radio is one of the full members of independent association of electronic media - ANEM that provided education to journalists and personnel active in marketing. 
Besides programs of its own production, Ozon used to take over B92 programs, BBC, Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, Voice Of America VOA, Deutsche Welle DW and FE in Serbian language until this was forbidden by law. 
This is a non-commercial informative radio station. 
From the end of March 1999 Ozon temporarily discontinued work, as state of war was declared. Two days upon forbidding B92, Federal inspector for radio communications, assisted by special police, grabbed broadcasting technical equipment of TV Cacak and tried to do the same with Ozon Radio. But Ozon team had timely hidden their equipment and so saved it for the future.
Today.
Ozon Radio continues to operate as a legal station, with the goal of bringing quick and accurate information to its audience. The station is the top-ranked news and information station in the region. 
Affiliate.
During 2005 company owning Ozon radio, launched weekly newspapers called Čačanske novine. This newspapers cover local and regional topics.

</doc>
<doc id="18247215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247215" title="Vodka (horse)">
Vodka (horse)

Breeding.
Vodka was foaled on 4 April 2004 at Country Bokujo in Hokkaido's Shizunai. She is a bay mare by the 2002 Tokyo Yushun (Derby) winner, Tanino Gimlet out of Tanino Sister by Rousillon (USA).
Racing career.
Vodka is owned by Yuzo Tanimizu and trained by Katsuhiko Sumii.
At two years: 2006.
In 2006, Vodka won her first race start and was second in the ungraded Kigiku Sho race which was also contested at the Kyoto Racecourse before she won the G1 Hanshin Juvenile Fillies race at the Hanshin Racecourse. Vodka was then awarded the 2007 Best Two-Year-Old Filly.
At three years: 2007.
In 2007, Vodka won her first start in the ungraded Elfin Stakes, followed by another win in the G3 Tulip Sho, from Daiwa Scarlet, who finished in second place. At her next start on 8 April, in the G1 Oka Sho (Cherry Blossom Awards), the first race of the Japanese Filly Triple Crown, Daiwa Scarlet relegated Vodka into second place. Daiwa Scarlet and Vodka would go on to meet a total of four times that year. Daiwa Scarlet defeated her in three of those races. One of those wasn't a win though, in the 2007 G1 Arima Kinen at Nakayama Racecourse, Daiwa Scarlet finished second to Matsurida Gogh, with Vodka finishing 11th.
Vodka's next race start was in the G1 Tokyo Yūshun, also known as the Japanese Derby, the second jewel in the Japanese Triple Crown. Fillies are usually they are entered into the Yushun Himba, also known as the Japanese Oaks, which is the second jewel of the Japanese Filly Triple Crown which is a week before the race. In a move that shocked the racing world, Vodka won handily, defeating a field of some of the best three-year-old colts in the country. She became the first filly to win the race in 64 years.
Vodka was unplaced in her next start before racing in the G1 Shuka Sho, which is the last race of the Japanese Filly Triple Crown races. Daiwa Scarlet won the race, with Vodka finishing in third place. She was entered in the 2007 Queen Elizabeth II Commemorative Cup, but was scratched a few hours before the race due to what was thought to be a hip problem. In her next start Vodka finished 4th in the G1 Japan Cup Vodka was then unplaced in her last start of the season.
Despite winning the Japanese Derby. She lost to Daiwa Scarlet in Japanese Champion Three Year old Filly, as Vokda never finishing above her in the 3 races that both participated, but the achievement in the Derby making her receiving JRA Special award (an award given to horses/person achieved special achievements, usually historical records, and usually not given every year). Her 9 race starts of the season resulted in 3 wins, 1 second and 1 third placing.
At four years: 2008.
In her first start of the season Vodka was unplaced in the G2 Kyoto Kinen. Vodka went to Dubai in the spring of 2008 to race in the G1 Dubai Duty Free on Dubai World Cup Night. She came in a fast closing fourth. Returning Japan Vodka narrowly lost the G1 Victoria Mile in May. She easily won the G1 Yasuda Kinen in June and defeated Daiwa Scarlet in the G1 Tenno Sho (Autumn). Even though she was heavily favored, she was unable to win the G1 Japan Cup and came in a close third to Screen Hero.
During 2008 Vodka had 8 starts for the above 2 wins, 2 seconds in the G1 Victoria Mile and G2 Mainichi Okan; 1 third in the G1 Japan Cup and 1 fourth in the G1 Dubai Duty Free.
At five years: 2009.
Vodka’s successive wins in the Yasuda Kinen had only been duplicated once before, by Yamanin Zephyr in 1992 and 1993. In the 2009 running, another photo finish decided the winner, in which the five-year-old mare Vodka on her third Japan Cup try with the French jockey Christophe Lemaire won by a nose over the 2008 Kikuka Sho winner Oken Bruce Lee, in a time of 2 minutes and 22.4 seconds, the third-fastest Japan Cup ever run at the standard 2,400-meter distance. Vodka's win would make her the second highest earning racehorse in Japan. Vodka placed 4th in the 2007 running to Admire Moon and 3rd in the 2008 running to Screen Hero, in which the latter ran 13th in the 2009 race. Vodka had a nosebleed during the Japan Cup and was prohibited from racing for a month according to Japan Racing Association rules.
Her 7 race starts of the season resulted in 3 wins, 1 second and 1 third placing. Vodka was voted Horse of the Year, for the second consecutive year and became the first female to win the title twice.
At six years: 2010.
Vodka had her first start on the synthetic Tapeta Footings surface in the Dubai International Racing Carnival Al Maktoum Challenge Round 3 (G2), after racing exclusively on turf in each of her previous 25 starts. In this race she finished eighth and was retired following another nasal bleeding attack.
Her main jockeys included Hirofumi Shii, who rode her in four wins, and Yutaka Take, in three wins. In her final two races Vodka was ridden by Frenchman Christophe Lemaire, who rode her in the Japan Cup victory.
Vodka finished her racing career with a total 10 wins in 22 races in Japan, with wins in seven grade I races, including the 2006 Hanshin Juvenile Fillies, the 2007 Tokyo Yushun (Japanese Derby), the 2008 Yasuda Kinen and Tenno Sho (Autumn), the 2009 Victoria Mile, Yasuda Kinen and Japan Cup. She equalled the record of the Japanese Triple Crown winners Symboli Rudolf and Deep Impact, as well as T.M.Opera O, for the most grade 1 races won in Japan.
She was introduced into Japan Racing Association Hall of Fame in 2011.
Stud record.
She was retired from racing in 2010 and was shipped from Dubai to Ireland to be mated to the 2009 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner, Sea the Stars at the Aga Khan's Gilltown Stud in County Kildare. On 2 May 2011 Vodka foaled a brown colt as a result of this mating.

</doc>
<doc id="18247224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247224" title="Ken Livingstone">
Ken Livingstone

Kenneth Robert "Ken" Livingstone (born 17 June 1945) is a British Labour Party politician who has twice held the leading political role in London local government. He served as the Leader of the Greater London Council (GLC) from 1981 until the Council was abolished in 1986, and then as the first elected Mayor of London from the creation of the office in 2000 until 2008. He also served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Brent East from 1987 to 2001. A democratic socialist, Livingstone has positioned himself on the hard left of the Labour Party.
Born to a working-class family in Lambeth, Livingstone joined the Labour Party in 1968 and was elected to represent Norwood at the GLC in 1973, before moving to represent Hackney North and Stoke Newington in 1977, and then Paddington in 1981. That year, he was internally elected to the leadership of the GLC; attempting to reduce London Underground fares, his plans were challenged in court and found to be illegal. More successful were his schemes to benefit women and underprivileged minorities, despite facing stiff opposition. A vocal opponent of the Conservative Party government of Margaret Thatcher, Livingstone was heavily criticised in the mainstream media for supporting controversial issues like republicanism, LGBT rights and a United Ireland, being given the moniker of "Red Ken" for his socialist beliefs. Viewing the GLC as a political threat and a waste of money, in 1986 Thatcher's government abolished the Council, putting Livingstone out of a job. Turning to a parliamentary career, he represented Brent East as an MP from 1987, becoming closely involved in anti-racist campaigns. A vocal critic of New Labour's emergence, he unsuccessfully stood for the position of party leader.
In 1999 Livingstone sought Labour's nomination to be the first elected Mayor of London; opposed by Labour Prime Minister Tony Blair, he successfully contested the 2000 election as an independent candidate, leading to his expulsion from Labour. During his first term, he organised a major upgrade of London's transport system, introducing the congestion charge and Oyster card. Rejoining Labour, he was re-elected in 2004, continuing and expanding his transport policies through mandatory bus and cycling lanes. Initiating and overseeing London's winning bid to host the 2012 Summer Olympics and ushering in a major redevelopment of the city's East End, he initiated improvements in energy saving and recycling, and enacted environmental and civil rights policies. His leadership during the 7 July 2005 London bombings was widely praised and brought him international attention. He stood unsuccessfully as Labour candidate in London's mayoral elections of 2008 and 2012, both times losing to Conservative candidate Boris Johnson.
Livingstone was a highly controversial figure in British politics. Supporters lauded his efforts to improve rights for women, LGBT people, and ethnic minorities in London, but critics accused him of cronyism and anti-semitism. Livingstone is the author of two autobiographies, "If Voting Changed Anything, They'd Abolish It" (1987) and "You Can't Say That" (2012), as well as the subject of several biographies.
Early life.
Childhood and young adulthood: 1945–1967.
Livingstone was born in his grandmother's house in Lambeth, South London on 17 June 1945. His family was working class; his mother, Ethel Ada (née Kennard, 1915–1997), had been born in Southwark before training as an acrobatic dancer and working on the music hall circuit prior to the Second World War. Ken's Scottish father, Robert "Bob" Moffat Livingstone (1915–1971), had been born in Dunoon before joining the Merchant Navy in 1932 and becoming ship's master. Having met in April 1940 at a music hall in Workington, they married within three months. After the war the couple moved in with Ethel's aggressive mother, Zona Kennard, who Livingstone considered "tyrannical". Livingstone's sister Lin was born two-and-a-half years later. Robert and Ethel went through various jobs in the post-war years, with the former working on fishing trawlers and English Channel ferries, while the latter worked in a bakers, at Freemans catalogue dispatch and as a cinema usherette. Livingstone's parents were "working class Tories", although unusually held tolerant views, opposing racism and homophobia. The family was nominally Anglican, although Livingstone abandoned Christianity when he was 11, becoming an atheist.
Moving to a Tulse Hill council housing estate, Livingstone attended St. Leonard's Primary School, and after failing his eleven plus exam, in 1956 began secondary education at Tulse Hill Comprehensive School. In 1957, his family purchased their own property at 66 Wolfington Road, West Norwood. Rather shy at school, he was bullied, and got into trouble for truancy. One year, his form master was Philip Hobsbaum, who encouraged his pupils to debate current events; first interesting Livingstone in politics, he related that he became "an argumentative cocky little brat" at home, bringing up topics at the dinner table to enrage his father. His interest in politics was furthered by the 1958 Papal election of Pope John XXIII – a man who had "a strong impact" on Livingstone – and the United States presidential election, 1960. At Tulse Hill Comprehensive he gained his interest in amphibians and reptiles, keeping several as pets; his mother worried that rather than focusing on school work all he cared about was "his pet lizard and friends". At school he attained four O-levels in English Literature, English Language, Geography and Art, subjects he later described as "the easy ones". He started work rather than stay on for the non-compulsory sixth form, which required six O-levels.
From 1962 through to 1970, Livingstone worked as a technician at the Chester Beatty cancer research laboratory in Fulham, looking after animals used in experimentation. Most of the technicians were socialists, and Livingstone helped found a branch of the Association of Scientific, Technical and Managerial Staffs to fight redundancies imposed by company bosses. Livingstone's leftist views solidified upon the election of Labour Prime Minister Harold Wilson in 1964. With a friend from Chester Beatty, Livingstone toured West Africa in 1966, visiting Algeria, Niger, Nigeria, Lagos, Ghana and Togo. Interested in the region's wildlife, Livingstone rescued an infant ostrich from being eaten, donating it to Lagos children's zoo. Returning home, he took part in several protest marches as a part of the anti-Vietnam War movement, becoming increasingly interested in politics and briefly subscribing to the publication of a libertarian socialist group, Solidarity.
Political activism: 1968–1970.
Livingstone joined the Labour Party in March 1968, when he was 23 years old. Later describing it as "one of the few recorded instances of a rat climbing aboard a sinking ship", many leftists were leaving in disgust at the Labour government's policies of supporting the U.S. in the Vietnam War, cutting the National Health Service budget and restricting the trade unions; many went on to join far left parties like the International Socialists and the Socialist Labour League, or single-issue groups like the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament and the Child Poverty Action Group. Suffering mass electoral defeat at the local elections, in London, Labour lost 15 boroughs, including Livingstone's London Borough of Lambeth, which came under Conservative control. Contrastingly, Livingstone believed that grassroots campaigning – such as the 1968 student protests – were ineffective, joining Labour because he considered it the best chance for implementing progressive political change in the UK.
Joining his local Labour branch in Norwood, he involved himself in their operations, within a month becoming chair and secretary of the Norwood Young Socialists, gaining a place on the constituency's General Management and Executive Committees, and sitting on the Local Government Committee who prepared Labour's manifesto for the next borough election. Hoping for better qualifications, he attended night school, gaining O-levels in Human Anatomy, Physiology and Hygiene, and an A-level in Zoology. Leaving his job at Chester Beatty, in September 1970 he began a 3-year course at the Philippa Fawcett Teacher Training College (PFTTC) in Streatham; his attendance was poor, and he considered it "a complete waste" of time. Beginning a romantic relationship with Christine Chapman, president of the PFTTC student's union, the couple married in 1973. Realising the Conservative governance of Lambeth Borough council was hard to unseat, Livingstone aided Eddie Lopez in reaching out to members of the local populace disenfranchised from the traditional Labour leadership. Associating with the leftist Schools' Action Union (SAU) founded in the wake of the 1968 student protests, he encouraged members of the Brixton branch of the Black Panther Party to join Labour. His involvement in the SAU led to his dismissal from the PFTCC student's union, who disagreed with politicising secondary school pupils.
Lambeth Housing Committee: 1971–1973.
In 1971, Livingstone and his comrades developed a new strategy for obtaining political power in Lambeth borough. Focusing on campaigning for the marginal seats in the south of the borough, the safe Labour seats in the north were left to established party members. Public dissatisfaction with the Conservative government of Prime Minister Edward Heath led to Labour's best local government results since the 1940s; Labour leftists gained every marginal seat in Lambeth, and the borough returned to Labour control. In October 1971, Livingstone's father died of a heart attack; his mother soon moved to Lincoln. That year, Labour members voted Livingstone Vice-Chairman of the Housing Committee on the Lambeth London Borough Council, his first job in local government. Reforming the housing system, Livingstone and Committee Chairman Ewan Carr cancelled the proposed rent increase for council housing, temporarily halting the construction of Europe's largest tower blocks, and founded a Family Squatting Group to ensure that homeless families would be immediately rehoused through squatting in empty houses. He increased the number of compulsory purchase orders for private-rented properties, converting them to council housing. They faced opposition to their reforms, which were cancelled by central government.
Livingstone and the leftists became embroiled in factional in-fighting within Labour, vying for powerful positions with centrist members. Although never adopting Marxism, Livingstone became involved with a number of Trotskyist groups active within Labour; viewing them as potential allies, he became friends with Chris Knight, Graham Bash and Keith Veness, members of the Socialist Charter, a Trotskyist cell affiliated with the Revolutionary Communist League that had infiltrated the Labour party. In his struggle against Labour centrists, Livingstone was influenced by Trotskyist Ted Knight, who convinced him to oppose the use of British troops in Northern Ireland, believing they would simply be used to quash nationalist protests against British rule. Livingstone stood as the leftist candidate for the Chair of the Lambeth Housing Committee in April 1973, but was defeated by David Stimpson, who undid many of Livingston and Carr's reforms.
Early years on the Greater London Council: 1973–1977.
In June 1972, after a campaign orchestrated by Eddie Lopez, Livingstone was selected as the Labour candidate for Norwood in the Greater London Council (GLC). In the 1973 GLC elections, he won the seat with 11,622 votes, a firm lead over his Conservative rival. Led by Reg Goodwin, the GLC was dominated by Labour, who controlled 57 seats, compared to 33 controlled by the Conservatives and 2 by the Liberal Party. Of the Labour GLC members, around 16, including Livingstone, were staunch leftists. Representing Norwood in the GLC, Livingstone continued as a Lambeth councillor and Vice Chairman of the Lambeth Housing Committee, criticising Lambeth council's dealings with the borough's homeless. Learning that the council had pursued a racist policy of allocating the best housing to white working-class families, Livingstone went public with the evidence, which was published in the "South London Press". In August 1973, he publicly threatened to resign from the Lambeth Housing Committee if the council failed "to honour longstanding promises" to rehouse 76 homeless families then staying in dilapidated and overcrowded halfway accommodation. Frustrated at the council's failure to achieve this, he resigned from the Housing Committee in December 1973.
Considered a radical troublemaker by the GLC's Labour management, Livingstone was allocated the relatively unimportant position of Vice Chairman of the Film Viewing Board, monitoring the release of soft pornography. Like most Board members, Livingstone opposed cinematic censorship, a view he changed with the increasing availability of violent pornography. With growing support from Labour leftists, in March 1974 he was elected onto the executive of the Greater London Labour Party (GLLP), responsible for drawing up the manifesto for the GLC Labour group and the lists of candidates for council and parliamentary seats. Turning his attention once more to housing, he became Vice Chairman of the GLC's Housing Management Committee, however was sacked in April 1975 for his vocal opposition to the Goodwin administration's decision to cut £50,000,000 from the GLC's house-building budget. Coming up to the 1977 GLC elections, Livingstone recognised the difficulty of retaining his Norwood seat, instead being selected for Hackney North and Stoke Newington, a Labour safe seat, following the retirement of David Pitt. Accused of being a "carpetbagger", it ensured he was one of the few leftist Labour councillors to remain on the GLC, which fell into Conservative hands under Horace Cutler.
Hampstead: 1977–1980.
Turning towards the Houses of Parliament, Livingstone and Christine moved to West Hampstead, North London; in June 1977 he was selected by local party members as the Labour parliamentary candidate for the Hampstead constituency, beating Vince Cable. He gained notoriety in the "Hampstead and Highgate Express" for publicly reaffirming his support for the controversial issue of LGBT rights, declaring he supported the reduction of the age of consent for male same-sex activity from 21 to 16, in line with the different-sex age of consent. Becoming active in the politics of the London Borough of Camden, Livingstone was elected Chair of Camden's Housing Committee; putting forward radical reforms, he democratized council housing meetings by welcoming local people, froze rents for a year, reformed the rate collection system, changed rent arrears procedures and implemented further compulsory purchase orders to increase council housing. Criticised by some senior colleagues as incompetent and excessively ambitious, some accused him of encouraging leftists to move into the borough's council housing to increase his local support base.
In 1979, internal crisis rocked Labour as activist group, the Campaign for Labour Democracy, struggled with the Parliamentary Labour Party for a greater say in party management. Livingstone joined the activists, on 15 July 1978 helping unify small hard left groups as the Socialist Campaign for a Labour Victory (SCLV). Producing a sporadically published paper, "Socialist Organiser", as a mouthpiece for Livingstone's views, it criticised Labour Prime Minister James Callaghan as "anti-working class". In January 1979, Britain was hit by a series of public sector worker strikes that came to be known as the "Winter of Discontent." In Camden Borough, council employees unionised under the National Union of Public Employees (NUPE) went on strike, demanding a 35 hour limit to their working week and a weekly wage increase to £60. Livingstone backed the strikers, urging Camden Council to grant their demands, eventually getting his way. District auditor Ian Pickwell, a government-appointed accountant who monitored council finances, claimed that this move was reckless and illegal, taking Camden Council to court. If found guilty, Livingstone would have been held personally responsible for the measure, forced to pay the massive surcharge, and been disqualified for public office for 5 years; ultimately the judge threw out the case.
In May 1979, a general election was held in the United Kingdom. Standing as Labour candidate for Hampstead, Livingstone was defeated by the incumbent Conservative, Geoffrey Finsberg. Weakened by the Winter of Discontent, Callaghan's government lost to the Conservatives, whose leader, Margaret Thatcher, became Prime Minister. A staunch right winger and free market advocate, she became a bitter opponent of the labour movement and Livingstone. Following the electoral defeat, Livingstone told "Socialist Organiser" that the blame lay solely with the "Labour government's policies" and the anti-democratic attitude of Callaghan and the Parliamentary Labour Party, calling for greater party democracy and a turn towards a socialist platform. This was a popular message among many Labour activists amassed under the SCLV. The primary figurehead for this leftist trend was Tony Benn, who narrowly missed being elected deputy leader of Labour in September 1981, under new party leader Michael Foot. The head of the "Bennite left", Benn became "an inspiration and a prophet" to Livingstone; the two became the best known left-wingers in Labour.
Greater London Council leadership.
Becoming leader of the GLC: 1979–1981.
Inspired by the Bennites, Livingstone planned a GLC take-over; on 18 October 1979, he called a meeting of Labour leftists entitled "Taking over the GLC", beginning publication of monthly newsletter the "London Labour Briefing". Focused on increasing leftist power in the London Labour Party, he urged socialists to stand as candidates in the upcoming GLC election. When the time came to choose who would lead London Labour in that election, Livingstone put his name down, but was challenged by the moderate Andrew McIntosh; in the April 1980 vote, McIntosh beat Livingstone by 14 votes to 13. In September 1980, Livingstone separated from his wife Christine, though they remained amicable. Moving into a small flat at 195 Randolph Avenue, Maida Vale with his pet reptiles and amphibians, he divorced in October 1982 and began a relationship with Kate Allen, chair of Camden Council Women's Committee.
Livingstone turned his attention to achieving a GLC Labour victory, exchanging his safe-seat in Hackney North for the marginal Inner London seat at Paddington; in May 1981 he won the seat by 2,397 votes. Cutler and the Conservatives learned of Livingstone's plans, proclaiming that a GLC Labour victory would lead to a Marxist takeover of London and then Britain; the rightist press picked up the story, with the "Daily Express" using the headline of "Why We Must Stop These Red Wreckers". Such scaremongering was ineffective, and the GLC election of May 1981 was a Labour victory, with McIntosh installed as Head of the GLC; within 24 hours he would be deposed by members of his own party, replaced by Livingstone.
On 7 May, Livingstone called a caucus of his supporters; announcing his intent to challenge McIntosh's leadership, he invited those assembled to stand for other GLC posts. The meeting ended at 4:45pm having agreed on a full slate of candidates. At 5 o'clock, McIntosh held a GLC Labour meeting; the attendees called an immediate leadership election, in which Livingstone defeated him by 30 votes to 20. The entire left caucus slate was then elected. The next day, a leftist coup deposed Sir Ashley Bramall on the Inner London Education Authority (ILEA), replacing him with Bryn Davies; the left group now controlled both the GLC and the ILEA.
McIntosh proclaimed the GLC coup illegitimate, asserting that Labour was in danger from a leftist take-over. The mainstream right-wing press criticised the coup; the "Daily Mail" called Livingstone a "left wing extremist", and "The Sun" nicknamed him "Red Ken", stating his victory meant "full-steam-ahead red-blooded Socialism for London." The "Financial Times" issued a "warning" that leftists could use such tactics to take control of the government, when "the erosion of our democracy will surely begin." Thatcher joined the rallying call, proclaiming that leftists like Livingstone had "no time for parliamentary democracy", but were plotting "To impose upon this nation a tyranny which the peoples of Eastern Europe yearn to cast aside."
Leader of the GLC: 1981–1983.
Entering County Hall as GLC leader on 8 May 1981, Livingstone initiated changes, converting the building's Fremasonic temple into a meeting room and removing many of the privileges enjoyed by GLC members and senior officers. He initiated an open-door policy allowing citizens to hold meetings in the committee rooms free of charge, with County Hall gaining the nickname of "the People's Palace". Livingstone took great pleasure watching the disgust expressed by some Conservative GLC members when non-members began using the building's restaurant. In the "London Labour Briefing", Livingstone announced "London's ours! After the most vicious GLC election of all time, the Labour Party has won a working majority on a radical socialist programme." He stated that their job was to "sustain a holding operation until such time as the Tory government can be brought down and replaced by a left-wing Labour government." There was a perception among Livingstone's allies that they constituted the genuine opposition to Thatcher's government, with Foot's Labour leadership dismissed as ineffectual; they hoped Benn would soon replace him.
There was a widespread public perception that Livingstone's GLC leadership was illegitimate, while the mainstream British media remained resolutely hostile to the hard left. Livingstone received the levels of national press attention normally reserved for senior Members of Parliament. A press interview was arranged with the Max Hastings for the "Evening Standard", in which Livingstone was portrayed as affable but ruthless. "The Sun"'s editor Kelvin MacKenzie took a particular interest in Livingstone, establishing a reporting team to 'dig up the dirt' on him; they were unable to uncover any scandalous information, focusing on his love of amphibians, a personality trait mocked by other media sources. The satirical journal "Private Eye" referred to him as "Ken Leninspart" after Vladimir Lenin, proceeding to erroneously claim that Livingstone received funding from the Libyan "Jamahiriya"; suing them for libel, in November 1983 the journal apologised, awarding Livingstone £15,000 in damages in an out-of-court settlement.
During 1982, Livingstone made new appointments to the GLC governance, with John McDonnell appointed key chair of finance and Valerie Wise chair of the new Women's Committee, while Sir Ashley Bramall became GLC chairman and Tony McBrearty was appointed chair of housing. Others stayed in their former positions, including Dave Wetzel as transport chair and Mike Ward as chair of industry; thus was created what biographer John Carvel described as "the second Livingstone administration", leading to a "more calm and supportive environment". Turning his attention once more to Parliament, Livingstone attempted to get selected as the Labour candidate for the constituency of Brent East, a place which he felt an "affinity" for and where several friends lived. At the time, the Brent East Labour Party was in strife as competing factions battled for control, with Livingstone attempting to gain the support of both the hard and soft left. Securing a significant level of support from local party members, he nonetheless failed to apply for candidacy in time, and so the incumbent centrist Reg Freeson was once more selected as Labour candidate for Brent East. A subsequent vote at the council meeting revealed that 52 local Labour members would have voted for Livingstone, with only 2 for Freeson and 3 abstentions. Nevertheless, in the United Kingdom general election, 1983, Freeson went on to win the Brent East constituency for Labour. In 1983, Livingstone began co-presenting a late night television chat show with Janet Street-Porter for London Weekend Television.
Fares Fair and transport policy.
The Greater London Labour Manifesto for the 1981 elections, although written under McIntosh's leadership, had been determined by a special conference of the London Labour Party in October 1980 in which Livingstone's speech had been decisive on transport policy. The manifesto focused on job creation schemes and cutting London Transport fares, and it was to these issues that Livingstone's administration turned. One of the primary manifesto focuses had been a pledge known as Fares Fair, which focused on reducing London Underground fares and freezing them at that lower rate. Based on a fare freeze implemented by the South Yorkshire Metropolitan County Council in 1975, it was widely considered to be a moderate and mainstream policy by Labour, which it was hoped would get more Londoners using public transport, thereby reducing congestion. In October 1981, the GLC implemented their policy, cutting London Transport fares by 32%; to fund the move, the GLC planned to increase the London rates.
The legality of the Fares Fair policy was challenged by Dennis Barkway, Conservative Conservative leader of the London Borough of Bromley council, who complained that his constituents were having to pay for cheaper fares on the London Underground when it didn't operate in their borough. Although the Divisional Court initially found in favour of the GLC, Bromley Borough took the issue to a court of appeal, where three judges – Lord Denning, Lord Justice Oliver and Lord Justice Watkins – reversed the previous decision, finding in favour of Bromley Borough on 10 November. They proclaimed that the Fares Fair policy was illegal because the GLC was expressly forbidden from choosing to run London Transport at a deficit, even if this was in the perceived interest of Londoners. The GLC appealed this decision, taking the case to the House of Lords; on 17 December five Law Lords unanimously ruled in favour of Bromley Borough Council, putting a permanent end to the Fares Fair policy. GLC transport chairman Dave Wetzel labelled the judges "Vandals in Ermine" while Livingstone maintained his belief that the judicial decision was politically motivated.
Initially presenting a motion to the GLC Labour groups that they refuse to comply with the judicial decision and continue with the policy regardless, but was out-voted by 32-22; many commentators claimed that Livingstone had only been bluffing in order to save face among the Labour Left. Instead, Livingstone got on board with a campaign known as "Keep Fares Fair" in order to bring about a change in the law that would make the Fares Fair policy legal; an alternate movement, "Can't Pay, Won't Pay", accused Livingstone of being a sell-out and insisted that the GLC proceed with its policies regardless of their legality. One aspect of the London Transport reforms was however maintained; the new system of flat fares within ticket zones, and the inter-modal Travelcard ticket continues as the basis of the ticketing system. The GLC then put together new measures in the hope to reduce London Transport fares by a more modest amount, 25%, taking them back to roughly the price that they were when Livingstone's administration took office; it was ruled legal in January 1983, and subsequently implemented.
GLEB and nuclear disarmament.
Livingstone's administration founded the Greater London Enterprise Board (GLEB) to create employment by investing in the industrial regeneration of London, with the funds provided by the council, its workers' pension fund and the financial markets. Livingstone later claimed that GLC bureaucrats obstructed much of what GLEB tried to achieve. Other policies implemented by the Labour Left also foundered. Attempts to prevent the sale-off of GLC council housing largely failed, in part due to the strong opposition from the Conservative government. ILEA attempted to carry through with its promise to cut the price of school meals in the capital from 35p to 25p, but was forced to abandon its plans following legal advice that the councillors could be made to pay the surcharge and disqualified from public office.
The Livingstone administration took a strong stance on the issue of nuclear disarmament, proclaiming London a "nuclear-free zone". On 20 May 1981, the GLC halted its annual spending of £1 million on nuclear war defence plans, with Livingstone's deputy, Illtyd Hamilton, proclaiming that "we are challenging... the absurd cosmetic approach to Armaggedon." They published the names of the 3000 politicians and administrators who had been earmarked for survival in underground bunkers in the event of a nuclear strike on London. Thatcher's government remained highly critical of these moves, putting out a propaganda campaign explaining their argument for the necessity of Britain's nuclear deterrent to counter the Soviet Union.
Egalitarian policies.
An egalitarian, Livingstone's administration advocated measures to improve the lives of disadvantaged minorities within London, including women, the disabled, homosexuals, and ethnic minorities, who together made up a sizeable percentage of the city's population; what Reg Race called "the Rainbow Coalition". The GLC allocated a small percentage of its expenditure on funding minority community groups, including the London Gay Teenage Group, English Collective of Prostitutes, Women Against Rape, Lesbian Line, A Woman's Place, and Rights of Women. Believing these groups could initiate social change, the GLC increased its annual funding of voluntary organisations from £6 million in 1980 to £50 million in 1984. They also provided loans to such groups, coming under a barrage of press criticism for awarding a loan to the Sheba Feminist Publishers, whose works were widely labeled pornographic. In July 1981, Livingstone founded the Ethnic Minorities Committee, the Police Committee, and the Gay and Lesbian Working Party, and in June 1982, a Women's Committee was also established. Believing the Metropolitan Police to be a racist organisation, he appointed Paul Boateng to head the Police Committee and monitor the force's activities. Considering the police a highly political organisation, he publicly remarked that "When you canvas police flats at election time, you find that they are either Conservatives who think of Thatcher as a bit of a pinko or they are National Front."
The Conservatives and mainstream rightist press were largely critical of these measures, considering them symptomatic of what they derogatarily termed the "loony left". Claiming that these only served "fringe" interests, their criticisms often exhibited racist, homophobic and sexist sentiment. A number of journalists fabricated stories designed to discredit Livingstone and the "loony left", for instance claiming that the GLC made its workers drink only Nicaraguan coffee in solidarity with the country's socialist government, and that Haringey Council leader Bernie Grant had banned the use of the term "black bin liner" and the rhyme "Baa Baa Black Sheep" because they were perceived as racially insensitive. Writing in 2008, BBC reporter Andrew Hosken noted that although most of Livingstone's GLC administration's policies were ultimately a failure, its role in helping change social attitudes towards women and minorities in London remained its "enduring legacy".
Scandal: Republicanism and Ireland.
Invited to the Wedding of Charles, Prince of Wales, and Lady Diana Spencer at St Paul's Cathedral in July 1981, Livingstone – a republican critical of the monarchy – wished the couple well but turned down the offer. He also permitted Irish republican protesters to hold a vigil on the steps of County Hall throughout the wedding celebrations, both actions that enraged the press. His administration supported the People's March for Jobs, a demonstration of 500 anti-unemployment protesters who marched to London from Northern England, allowing them to sleep in County Hall and catering for them. Costing £19,000, critics argued that Livingstone was illegally using public money for his own political causes. The GLC orchestrated a propaganda campaign against Thatcher's government, in January 1982 erecting a sign on the top of County Hall – clearly visible from the Houses of Parliament – stating the number of unemployed in London.
In September 1981, Livingstone began production of weekly newspaper, the "Labour Herald", co-edited with Ted Knight and Matthew Warburton. It was published by a press owned by the Trotskyist Workers Revolutionary Party (WRP), who had financed it with funding from Libya and Iraq. Livingstone's commercial relationship with WRP leader Gerry Healy was controversial among British socialists, many of whom disapproved of Healy's violent nature and criminal past. The "Labour Herald" folded in 1985, when Healy was exposed as a sex offender and ousted from the WRP's leadership.
A supporter of Irish reunification, Livingstone had connections with the left-wing Irish republican party Sinn Féin and in July, met with the mother of an imprisoned Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) militant Thomas McElwee, then taking part in the 1981 Irish hunger strike. That day, Livingstone publicly proclaimed his support for those prisoners on hunger strike, claiming that the British government's fight against the IRA was not "some sort of campaign against terrorism" but was "the last colonial war." He was heavily criticised for this meeting and his statements in the mainstream press, while Prime Minister Thatcher claimed that his comments constituted "the most disgraceful statement I have ever heard." Soon after, he also met with the children of Yvonne Dunlop, an Irish Protestant who had been killed in McElwee's bomb attack.
On 10 October, the IRA bombed London's Chelsea Barracks, killing 2 and injuring 40. Denouncing the attack, Livingstone informed members of the Cambridge University Tory Reform Group that it was a misunderstanding to view the IRA as "criminals or lunatics" because of their strong political motives and that "violence will recur again and again as long as we are in Ireland." Mainstream press criticised him for these comments, with "The Sun" labeling him "the most odious man in Britain". In response, Livingstone proclaimed that the press coverage had been "ill-founded, utterly out of context and distorted", reiterating his opposition both to IRA attacks and British rule in Northern Ireland. Anti-Livingstone pressure mounted and on 15 October he was publicly attacked in the street by members of unionist militia, The Friends of Ulster. In a second incident, Livingstone was attacked by far right skinheads shouting "commie bastard" at the Three Horseshoes Pub in Hampstead. Known as "Green Ken" among Ulster Unionists, Unionist paramilitary Michael Stone of the Ulster Defence Association plotted to kill Livingstone, only abandoning the plan when he became convinced that the security services were onto him.
Livingstone agreed to meet Gerry Adams, Sinn Féin President and IRA-supporter, after Adams was invited to London by Labour members of the Troops Out campaign in December 1982. The same day as the invitation was made, the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA) bombed The Droppin Well bar in Ballykelly, County Londonderry, killing 11 soldiers and 6 civilians; in the aftermath, Livingstone was pressured to cancel the meeting. Expressing his horror at the bombing, Livingstone insisted that the meeting proceed, for Adams had no connection with the INLA, but Conservative Home Secretary Willie Whitelaw banned Adams' entry to Britain with the 1976 Prevention of Terrorism (Temporary Provisions) Act. In February 1983, Livingstone visited Adams in his constituency of West Belfast, receiving a hero's welcome from local republicans. In July 1983, Adams finally came to London on the invite of Livingstone and MP Jeremy Corbyn, allowing him to present his views to a mainstream British audience through televised interviews. In August, Livingstone was interviewed on Irish state radio, proclaiming that Britain's 800-year occupation of Ireland was more destructive than the Holocaust; he was publicly criticised by Labour members and the press. He also controversially expressed solidarity with the Marxist-Leninist government of Fidel Castro in Cuba against the U.S. economic embargo, in turn receiving an annual Christmas gift of Cuban rum from the Cuban embassy.
Courting further controversy, in the Falklands War of 1982, during which the United Kingdom battled Argentina for control of the Falklands Islands, Livingstone stated his belief that the islands rightfully belonged to the Argentinian people, but not the military junta then ruling the country. Upon British victory, he sarcastically remarked that "Britain had finally been able to beat the hell out of a country smaller, weaker and even worse governed than we were." Challenging the Conservative government's militarism, the GLC proclaimed 1983 to be "Peace Year", solidifying ties with the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) in order to advocate international nuclear disarmament, a measure opposed by the Thatcher government. In keeping with this pacifistic outlook, they banned the Territorial Army from marching past County Hall that year. The GLC then proclaimed 1984 to be "Anti-Racism Year". In July 1985, the GLC twinned London with the Nicaraguan city of Managua, then under the control of the socialist Sandinista National Liberation Front. The press also continued to criticise the Livingstone administration's funding of volunteer groups that they perceived represented only "fringe interests". As Livingstone biographer Andrew Hosken remarked, "by far the most contentious grant" was given in February 1983 to a group called Babies Against the Bomb, founded by a group of mothers who had united to campaign against nuclear weapons.
Members of the London Labour groups chastised Livingstone for his controversial statements, believing them detrimental to the party, leading Labour members and supporters to defect to the Social Democratic Party (SDP). Many highlighted Labour's failure to secure the seat in the Croydon North West by-election, 1981 as a sign of Labour's prospects under Livingstone. Some called for Livingstone's removal, but Michael Foot's Trotskyist assistant Una Cooze defended Livingstone's position to her boss. Television and radio outlets welcomed Livingstone on for interviews; described by biographer John Carvel as having "one of the best television styles of any contemporary politician", Livingstone used this medium to speak to a wider audience, gaining widespread public support, something Carvell attributed to his "directness, self-deprecation, colourful language, complete unflappability under fire and lack of pomposity", coupled with popular policies like Fares Fair.
Abolition of the GLC: 1983–1986.
The 1983 general election proved disastrous for Labour, as much of their support went to the Social Democrat-Liberal Alliance, and Thatcher entered her second term in office. Foot was replaced by Neil Kinnock, a man Livingstone considered "repellent". Livingstone publicly attributed Labour's electoral failure to the leading role that the party's capitalist wing had played, arguing that the party should promote a socialist program of "national reconstruction", overseeing the nationalisation of banks and major industry and allowing for the investment in new development.
Considering it a waste of rate payer's money, Thatcher's government was keen to abolish the GLC and devolve control to the Greater London boroughs, stating its intention to do so in its 1983 electoral manifesto. Secretary of State for Employment Norman Tebbit lambasted the GLC as "Labour-dominated, high-spending and at odds with the government's view of the world"; Livingstone commented that there was "a huge gulf between the cultural values of the GLC Labour group and everything that Mrs Thatcher considered right and proper." The government felt confident that there was sufficient opposition to Livingstone's administration that they could abolish the GLC: according to a MORI poll in April 1983, 58% of Londoners were dissatisfied and 26% satisfied with Livingstone.
Attempting to fight the proposals, the GLC devoted £11 million to a campaign led by Reg Race focusing on press campaigning, advertising, and parliamentary lobbying. The campaign sent Livingstone on a party roadshow conference in which he convinced the Liberal and Social Democratic parties to oppose abolition. Using the slogan "say no to no say", they publicly highlighted that without the GLC, London would be the only capital city in Western Europe without a directly elected body. The campaign was successful, with polls indicating majority support among Londoners for retaining the Council, and in March 1984, 20,000 public servants held a 24-hour strike in support. The government nevertheless remained committed to abolition, and in June 1984 the House of Commons passed the Local Government Act 1985 with 237 votes in favour and 217 against. The GLC was formally abolished at midnight on 31 March 1986, with Livingstone marking the occasion by holding a free concert at Festival Hall. In his capacity as former leader of the GLC, Livingstone was invited to visit Australia, Israel, and Zimbabwe in the following months by leftist groups in those countries, before he and Allen undertook a 5 week Himalayan trek to the base camp of Mount Everest.
Member of Parliament.
Turning his attention to a parliamentary career, Livingstone defeated Reg Freeson to represent Labour for the north-west London constituency of Brent East in the 1987 general election. When the election came, he narrowly defeated Conservative candidate Harriet Crawley to become Brent East's MP, while Thatcher retained the Premiership for a third term. Livingstone found the atmosphere of the Houses of Parliament uncomfortable, labeling it "absolutely tribal", and asserting that "It's like working in the Natural History Museum, except not all the exhibits are stuffed." There was much hostility between him and the Parliamentary Labour Party, who allocated him a windowless office with fellow leftist MP Harry Barnes. He took on Maureen Charleson as his personal secretary, who would remain with him for the next 20 years.
In his maiden speech to Parliament in July 1987, Livingstone used parliamentary privilege to raise a number of allegations made by Fred Holroyd, a former Special Intelligence Service operative in Northern Ireland. Despite the convention of maiden speeches being non-controversial, Livingstone alleged that Holroyd had been mistreated when he tried to expose MI5 collusion with Ulster loyalist paramilitaries in the 1970s. Thatcher denounced his claims as "utterly contemptible". In September 1987 Livingstone was elected to Labour's National Executive Committee (NEC), although was voted off in October 1989, to be replaced by John Prescott. As Kinnock tried to pull Labour to the centre, Livingstone worked to strengthen socialist elements in the party. He continued to make his opinions known, refusing to pay the controversial poll tax until it was revoked, and being one of the 55 Labour MPs to oppose British involvement in the Gulf War in January 1991. Conversely, he supported NATO intervention in the Balkans, and the bombing of Serbia.
In the 1992 general election, John Major led the Conservatives to a narrow victory, resulting in Kinnock's resignation as head of Labour. Livingstone put his name forward as a proposed replacement, with Bernie Grant as his deputy, although they were not selected, with John Smith and Margaret Beckett taking the positions instead. After Smith died in May 1994, Livingstone again put his name down as a potential leader, although withdrew it due to a lack of support. Instead, Tony Blair was selected, with Livingstone correctly predicting that he would be "the most right-wing leader" in Labour history. Blair and his supporters sought to reform the party by further expunging leftist elements and taking it to the centre ground, thus creating "New Labour", with Blairite Peter Mandelson asserting that hard left figures like Livingstone represented "the enemy" of reform. Throughout 1995, Livingstone unsuccessfully fought Blair's attempts to remove Clause Four (promoting nationalised industry) from the Labour constitution, which he saw as a betrayal of the party's socialist roots. In 1996, he warned of the growing influence of spin doctors in the party, and called for Blair to sack Alastair Campbell after a High Court judge criticised him in a libel trial. Nevertheless, Blair's reforms led Labour to a landslide victory in the 1997 general election, resulting in the formation of the first Labour government since 1979. In December 1997, Livingstone joined a Labour revolt against Blair's attempts to cut benefits to single mothers, and in March 1998 publicly criticised Gordon Brown for advocating "an awful lot of Thatcherite nonsense" and attempting to privatise the London Underground through the PPP scheme. However, in 1997 he was re-elected to the NEC, beating Mandelson to the position.
Livingstone continued his association with members of Trotskyite group Socialist Action, with the group's leader John Ross became his most important adviser, teaching him about economics. Investing in an advanced £25,000 computer, he and Ross used the machine to undertake complex economic analysis, on the basis of which they began publishing the "Socialist Economic Bulletin" in 1990. Two other members of the group, Redmond O'Neill and Simon Fletcher, also became trusted advisers. When Socialist Action founded a campaign group, the Anti-Racist Alliance, Livingstone came to be closely associated with it. They campaigned around the racist murder of Stephen Lawrence and the rise of the far right British National Party, but were disadvantaged by an ongoing rivalry with the Anti-Nazi League.
As his political significance waned, Livingstone gained more work in the media, commenting that the press "started to use me only once they thought I was harmless". To receive these outside earnings, he founded a company known as Localaction Ltd. In 1987 he authored an autobiography for HarperCollins, "If Voting Changed Anything They'd Abolish It", conducted journalism for the "London Daily News", stood in for BBC Radio 2 disk-jockey Jimmy Young, and served as a judge for that year's Whitbread Prize. In 1989, Unwin Hyman published his second book, "Livingstone's Labour: A Programme for the 90s", in which he expressed his views on a variety of issues, while that same year he was employed to promote Red Leicester cheese in adverts for the National Dairy Council and to appear in adverts for British Coal alongside Edwina Currie. In October 1991 Livingstone began writing a column for Rupert Murdoch's right-wing tabloid "The Sun", a controversial move among British socialists. In his column he often discussed his love of amphibians and campaigned for the protection of the great crested newt, on the basis of which he was appointed vice president of the London Zoological Society in 1996–97. He subsequently began to write a food column for "Esquire" and then "The Evening Standard", also making regular appearances on the BBC quiz show "Have I Got News For You?". In 1995, Livingstone was invited to appear on the track "Ernold Same" by the band Blur.
Mayor of London.
Mayoral election: 2000.
By 1996, various prominent public figures were arguing for the implementation of directly-elected mayors for large UK cities like London. The idea of a London mayor of a Greater London Authority had been included in Labour's 1997 election manifesto, and after their election a referendum was scheduled for May 1998, in which there was a 72% yes vote. With the first mayoral election scheduled for May 2000, in March 1998 Livingstone stated his intention to stand as a potential Labour candidate for the position. 
Blair did not want Livingstone as London Mayor, claiming that he was one of the leftists who "almost knocked party over the edge of the cliff into extinction" during the 1980s. He and the Labour spin doctors organised a smear campaign against Livingstone to ensure that he was not selected, with Campbell and Sally Morgan unsuccessfully attempting to get Oona King to denounce Livingstone. They failed to convince Mo Mowlam to stand for the mayorship, and instead encouraged the reluctant Frank Dobson to stand. Recognising that a 'one member, one vote' election within the London Labour party would probably see Livingstone chosen over Dobson, Blair ensured that a third of the votes would come from the rank-and-file members, a third from the trade unions, and a third from Labour MPs and MEPs, thereby fixing the result, something that Dobson was deeply uncomfortable with. Information on the Blairite smear campaign against Livingstone became public, costing Dobson much support; nevertheless, due to the rigged London Labour Party vote, Dobson won the candidacy with 51% to Livingstone's 48%.
Livingstone proclaimed Dobson to be "a tainted candidate" and stated his intention to run for the Mayoralty as an independent candidate. Aware that this would result in his expulsion from Labour, he publicly stated that "I have been forced to choose between the party I love and upholding the democratic rights of Londoners." The polls indicated clear support for Livingstone among the London electorate, with his campaign being run by his Socialist Action associates. He gained the support of a wide range of celebrities, from musicians like Fatboy Slim, Pink Floyd, the Chemical Brothers, and Blur, artists like Damian Hirst and Tracey Emin, and those from other fields, among them Ken Loach, Jo Brand, and Chris Evans, the latter of whom donated £200,000 to the campaign; half of what Livingstone required. The election took place in May 2000, at which Livingstone came first with 58% of first and second-preference votes; Conservative candidate Steven Norris coming second and Dobson third. Livingstone tearfully started his acceptance speech with "As I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted 14 years ago..."
First mayoral term: 2000–04.
Livingstone now had "the largest and most direct mandate of any politician in British history", receiving an annual salary of £87,000. It was the Mayor's job to oversee a number of subordinate bodies, including the Metropolitan Police, Transport for London (TfL), the London Development Agency, and the London Fire Brigade, and in doing so he was granted a number of executive powers. He would be scrutinised by the elected London Assembly, whose first chairman was Trevor Philips, a Labour politician with a mutual dislike of Livingstone. Livingstone was permitted twelve principal advisers, many of whom were members of Socialist Action or people whom he had worked with on the GLC. Ross and Fletcher became two of his closest confidants, with Livingstone commenting that "They aren't just my closest political advisers... they're also mostly my best friends." In 2002, he promoted six of his senior aides, resulting in allegations of cronyism from Assembly members. The Mayoral office was initially based in temporary headquarters at Romney House in Marsham Street, Westminster, while a purpose-built building was constructed in Southwark; termed City Hall, it was officially opened by Queen Elizabeth II in July 2002, with Livingstone commenting that it resembled a "glass testicle."
Much of Livingstone's first two years were devoted to setting up the Mayoral system and administration. He also devoted much time to battling New Labour's plans to upgrade the London Underground system through a public–private partnership (PPP) program, believing it to be too expensive and tantamount to the privatisation of a state-owned service. He furthermore had strong concerns about safety; PPP would divide different parts of the Underground among various companies, something that he argued threatened a holistic safety and maintenance program. These concerns were shared by the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) and the Associated Society of Locomotive Engineers and Firemen (ASLEF) trade union, who went on strike over the issue, being joined on the picket line by Livingstone. Appointing Bob Kiley as transport commissioner, the duo argued that the upgrade should be carried out in state hands through a public bond issue, as had been done in the case of the New York City Subway. They launched court cases against the government over PPP in 2001–02, but were ultimately unsuccessful, and the project went ahead, with the Underground being privatised in January 2003.
Livingstone's administration sought to phase out use of the Routemaster buses, the design for which dated to the 1950s. Although iconic, they were deemed hazardous and responsible for a high number of deaths and serious injuries as passengers climbed onto them, also being non-wheelchair accessible and thus not meeting the requirements of the Disability Discrimination Act 1995. The process was gradual, with the last Routemaster being decommissioned in December 2005. The Routemasters were replaced by a new fleet of 103 articulated buses, known colloquially as "bendy buses", which were launched in June 2002. While the Routemasters fitted 80 people on at one time, the articulated buses fitted up to 140 passengers. Attempting to reduce London's environmental impact, Livingstone created the London Hydrogen Partnership and the London Energy Partnership in his first term as Mayor of London. The Mayor's Energy Strategy, "green light to clean power," committed London to reducing its emissions of carbon dioxide by 20%, relative to the 1990 level, by 2010.
Deeming them vermin, Livingstone sought to remove the pigeons from Trafalgar Square; he tried to evict seed sellers and introduced hawks to scare the pigeons off. He pedestrianised the north side of the Square, transforming it into a public space with a cafe, public toilets, and a lift for the disabled. He introduced an annual Saint Patrick's Day festival to celebrate the contributions of the Irish to London, and revived London's free anti-racism music festival, now called , later attributing London's 35% decrease in racist attacks to this and other anti-racist policies. Continuing his support for LGBT rights, in 2001 he set up Britain's first register for same-sex couples; while falling short of legal marriage rights, the register was seen as a step towards the Civil Partnership Act 2004.
Livingstone's relationship with Kate Allen came to an end in November 2001, although they remained friends. He went on to start a relationship with Emma Beal, together having two children, Thomas (born December 2002) and Mia (born March 2004). At a May 2002 party in Tufnell Park, Livingstone got into an argument with Beal's good friend Robin Hedges, a reporter for "The Evening Standard". Beal subsequently fell off of a wall and bruised his ribs; the press made claims that Livingstone had pushed him, although he insisted that he did not. Liberal Democrats on the London Assembly referred the matter to the Standards Board for England, who ruled that there was no evidence for any wrongdoing on Livingstone's behalf.
As proposed in their election manifesto, in February 2003 Livingstone's administration introduced a congestion charge covering 8 square miles in central London, charging motorists £5 a day for driving through the area. It was introduced in an attempt to deter traffic and reduce congestion; Livingstone himself took the London Underground to work, and tried to inspire more Londoners to use public transport rather than cars. The policy was highly controversial, and strongly opposed by businesses, resident groups, the roads lobby, and the Labour government; many commentators recognised that if opposition resulted in the policy being abandoned then it could lead to the end of Livingstone's political career. That year, the Political Studies Association named Livingstone 'Politician of the Year' due to his implementation of the 'bold and imaginative' scheme. The scheme resulted in a marked reduction on traffic in central London, resulting in improved bus services, and by 2007, TfL could claim that the charge had reduced congestion by 20%. To further encourage the use of public transport, in June 2003, the Oyster card system was introduced, while bus and Underground journeys were made free for people aged 11 to 18.
In 2002, Livingstone came out in support of a proposal for the 2012 Olympic Games to be held in London. He insisted however that the Games must be held in the East End, and result in an urban regeneration program centred on the Lee Valley. He gained the support of Labour's culture secretary Tessa Jowell, who convinced the government to back the plans in May 2003. In May 2004, the International Olympic Commission put London on the shortlist of potential locations for the Games, alongside Paris, Madrid, Moscow, and New York City; although Paris was widely believed to be the eventual victor, London would prove successful in its nomination. Another major development project was launched in February 2004 as the London Plan, in which Livingstone's administration laid out their intentions to deal with the city's major housing shortage by ensuring the construction of 30,000 new homes a year. It stressed that 50% of these should be deemed "affordable housing" although later critics would highlight that in actuality, the amount of "affordable housing" in these new constructions did not exceed 30%.
Livingstone was a prominent critic of the Iraq War, launched by the U.S. and U.K. to overthrow Saddam Hussein's Iraqi government, and involved himself in the Stop the War campaign. In November 2003, Livingstone made headlines for referring to US President George W. Bush as "the greatest threat to life on this planet," just before Bush's official visit to the UK. Livingstone also organised an alternative "Peace Reception" at City Hall "for everybody who is not George Bush," with anti-war Vietnam veteran Ron Kovic as the guest of honour. 
Livingstone's success with the congestion charge and rejuvenation of Trafalgar Square led the Labour leadership to reconsider their position on him, with Blair re-admitting him to the party and asking that he stand as their Mayoral candidate for the 2004 election. Livingstone was eager to agree, and Labour Mayoral candidate Nicky Gavron volunteered to take a subordinate position as his deputy. In campaigning for the election, Livingstone's campaign highlighted on focusing what he deemed the achievements of his record: the congestion charge, free bus travel for under 11s, 1000 extra buses, and 5000 extra police officers, whereas his main competition, the Conservative Steve Norris, campaigned primarily on a policy of abolishing the congestion charge. Livingstone continued to court controversy throughout the campaign; in June 2004 he was quoted on "The Guardian"'s website as saying: "I just long for the day I wake up and find that the Saudi Royal Family are swinging from lamp-posts and they've got a proper government that represents the people of Saudi Arabia", for which he was widely criticised. That same month he came under criticism from sectors of the left for urging RMT members to cross picket lines in a proposed Underground strike because the latest offer had been "extremely generous", leading RMT general secretary Bob Crow to step down as a TfL board member. In the London mayoral election, 2004, Livingstone was announced as the winner on 10 June 2004. He won 36% of first preference votes to Norris's 28% and Liberal Democrat Simon Hughes's 15%. Six other candidates shared the remainder of the votes. When all the candidates except Livingstone and Norris were eliminated and the second preferences of those voters who had picked neither Livingstone or Norris as their first choice were counted, Livingstone won with 55% to Norris's 45%.
Second mayoral term: 2004–2008.
Amid the War on Terror and threat from Al Qaeda, Livingstone sought to build closer ties to the London's Muslim community, controversially agreeing to meet with Islamist groups like the Muslim Association of Britain alongside moderate organisations. In July 2004, he attended a conference discussing France's ban on the burka at which he talked alongside Islamist cleric Yusuf al-Qaradawi. Livingstone described al-Qaradawi as "one of the most authoritative Muslim scholars in the world today" and argued that his influence could help stop the radicalisation of young British Muslims. The move was controversial, with Jewish and LGBT organisations criticising Livingstone, citing al-Qaradawi's record of anti-Semitic and homophobic remarks. The meeting led to a publicised argument between Livingstone and his former supporter Peter Tatchell. Livingstone continued to champion the Palestinian cause in the Israel-Palestine conflict, in March 2005 accusing Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of being a "war criminal" responsible for the 1982 Sabra and Shatila massacre.
During his second term, Livingstone continued his support for London's bid to host the 2012 Olympic Games, playing a crucial role in securing vital Russian support for the bid. On 6 July 2005, in a ceremony held in Singapore attended by Livingstone, London was announced as the victor, resulting in widespread celebration. The following day, British-born Islamist suicide bombers undertook three attacks on the Underground and another on a bus, killing 52 civilians. Livingstone gave a speech from Singapore denouncing the attackers as terrorists, before immediately returning to London. Fearing an Islamophobic backlash against the city's Muslim minority, he initiated an advertising campaign to counter this, holding a rally for inter-community unity in Trafalgar Square. He informed the BBC that western foreign policy was largely to blame for the attacks.
A second, failed suicide bombing attack took place on 21 July, and in the aftermath police officers shot dead a Brazilian tourist, Jean Charles de Menezes, whom they mistook for a bomber. Police initially lied about the killing, resulting in widespread condemnation, although Livingstone defended the actions of Metropolitan Police commissioner Ian Blair.
On his way home from a party in February 2005, Livingstone was accosted in the street by Oliver Finegold, a reporter for "The Evening Standard". Aware that Finegold was Jewish, Livingstone accused him of acting "just like a concentration camp guard" and asserting that he worked for the "reactionary bigots... who supported fascism" at the Daily Mail and General Trust. Although "The Evening Standard" initially did not deem the comments newsworthy, they were leaked to "The Guardian", resulting in accusations of anti-semitism against Livingstone from the Board of Deputies of British Jews. There were many calls for Livingstone to apologise, including from Tony Blair, the London Assembly, a Holocaust survivors group and his deputy Gavron (the daughter of a Holocaust survivor), but he refused. The Standards Board for England asked the Adjudication Panel for England to deal with Livingstone on the issue, who in February 2006 found him guilty of bringing his office into disrepute and suspended him from office for a month. The decision was controversial, with Livingstone and many others arguing that an unelected board should not have the power to suspend an elected official. In October 2006 at the High Court of Justice, Justice Collins overturned the decision to suspend Livingstone.
Although he had aggravated much of London's Jewish community, Livingstone denied being anti-semitic, holding regular meetings with the city's Jewish groups and introducing public Hanukkah celebrations in Trafalgar Square in December 2005.
He came under further accusations of anti-semitism in March 2006 for asserting that the wealthy businessmen David and Simon Reuben should return to Iran if they did not like Britain; he claimed he had mistakenly believed them to be Iranian Muslims, whereas in reality they were Indian Jews. Livingstone refused calls for him to apologise to the Reubens, instead offering "a complete apology to the people of Iran for the suggestion that they may be linked in any way to the Reuben brothers."
In March 2006 Livingstone publicly criticised foreign embassies in London who refused to pay the congestion charge under the conditions of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations. His criticism focused on US diplomat Robert Tuttle, condemning him as a "chiselling little crook" whose embassy was refusing to pay the £1.5 million he believed it owed. In February 2007, Livingstone's administration doubled the congestion charge zone by extending it westwards, despite opposition from resident groups. In October 2007, the government agreed to go ahead with Crossrail, a £16 billion project to construct a train line under central London, linking Berkshire to Essex. Meanwhile, Livingstone felt vindicated in his former opposition to PPP when one of the companies who now controlled part of the Underground, Metronet, collapsed in July 2007, with the state having to intervene to protect the service. Livingstone had also welcomed the construction of skyscrapers in London, giving the go ahead for 15 to be constructed during his Mayoralty. He considered it necessary to fill the demand for office space, but was criticised by groups and individuals, most notably Charles, Prince of Wales, concerned about the preservation of historic skylines.
In May 2006, Livingstone welcomed Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez to London, hosting an event for him at City Hall. This was condemned by various Conservatives claiming that Chávez's democratic socialist government had undermined pluralistic democracy. Livingstone proceeded to accept the presidency of the pro-Chávez Venezuelan Information Centre. In November 2006, Livingstone travelled to Latin America to visit Chávez, during which he and his entourage stayed in Cuba at a cost of £29,000; many British sources condemned the visit as a waste of tax-payer's money. In August 2007, it was announced that Livingstone had come to an agreement with oil-rich Venezuela; Chávez's government would supply £16 million a year worth of free oil to TfL, who would use it to subsidise half priced bus fares for 250,000 Londoners on benefits. In return, London would provide expertise in running transport, as well as other services such as CCTV and waste management.
Livingstone helped organise the first "Eid in the Square" event at Trafalgar Square in commemoration of the Islamic Eid ul-Fitr festival in October 2006.
In May 2007, Livingstone travelled to New York City to attend the C40 conference of major world cities to deal with environmentalist issues. One of the leading figures of the conference, he called for other cities to adopt congestion charging as an environmental measure.
In August 2007, he issued a public apology on behalf of London for its role in the transatlantic slave trade. He selected the anniversary of the Haitian Revolution on which to do it, and in his tearful speech asserted that it was the resistance of enslaved persons rather than the philanthropy of wealthy whites that led to the trade's end. A week later he attended the unveiling of the statue of Nelson Mandela in Parliament Square, where he met with Nelson Mandela. In June 2007, Livingstone criticised the planned £200 million Thames Water Desalination Plant at Beckton, which will be the United Kingdom's first, calling it "misguided and a retrograde step in UK environmental policy", and that "we should be encouraging people to use less water, not more." In October 2007, London Councils stated Livingstone had gone back on his promise to chair the developing London Waste and Recycling Board, and to provide £6 million of funding for the project, because "the government had failed to provide him with absolute control of the Board."
Livingstone intended to stand again as Labour candidate in the London Mayoral election, 2008, this time against Conservative candidate Boris Johnson. Much of Labour's campaign revolved around criticising Johnson for perceived racist comments about black people that he had made in the past. As part of his campaign, Livingstone highlighted that by 2008, the Metropolitan Police had 35,000 officers, 10,000 more than it had had in 2000, also highlighting statistics to indicate falling crime rates across the city during his Mayorship. Nevertheless, there had been a recent rise in gang killing among young people, with 27 teenagers having been killed in gang warfare during 2007, a statistic used by Johnson's campaign. Further controversy rocked Livingstone's campaign when one of his close advisers, Lee Jasper, was accused of siphoning off at least £2.5 million from the London Development Agency by the "Evening Standard" in December 2007. Jasper subsequently resigned. An independent report into the affair by District auditor Michael Haworth-Maden in July 2009 found no evidence of "misappropriation of funds" but noted "significant" gaps in financial paperwork.
Post-Mayoral Career.
Continued activism: 2008–2012.
Newly elected, Mayor Johnson paid tribute to Livingstone and his "very considerable achievements", hoping that the new administration could "discover a way in which the mayoralty can continue to benefit from your transparent love of London". Johnson's administration nevertheless reversed a number of Livingstone's policies, for instance overturning the deal for Venezuelan oil. Intent on giving Venezuela the "advice that we promised", in August 2008 Livingstone announced that he would be advising urban planning in Caracas. Livingstone reckoned that in twenty years it could become a "first-world city", and hoped to help with his "very extensive network of contacts both domestically and internationally".
In January 2009, Livingstone responded to the Gaza War by calling for the European Union and the UK to bring home their ambassadors to Israel to express disapproval for the "slaughter and systematic murder of innocent Arabs". From September 2009 to March 2011, Livingstone presented book review programme "Epilogue" for the Iranian state-sponsored international news channel Press TV, for which he came under criticism from Iranian exile groups. In July 2010, he spoke at the Durham Miners' Gala, praising working class culture. He also used the speech to attack spending cuts by the new coalition government, claiming they were not necessary.
In September 2010, Livingstone criticised the public spending cuts announced by the recently elected Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government, which he stated amounted to £45 billion a year for London alone, and were "beyond Margaret Thatcher's wildest dreams" as well as threatening to result in widespread division and poverty across the capital. In May 2011, Livingstone said he was "appalled" that Osama bin Laden had been shot dead by US Special forces "in his pyjamas" and "in front of his kid," and that the values of a western democracy would have been best demonstrated if Bin Laden had been put on trial and his words challenged.
Livingstone stood for the Labour candidacy as 2012 Mayoral candidate.
His campaign attracted criticism when he joked that the election was "a simple choice between good and evil", and when he was accused of anti-Semitism by Jewish Labour supporters for suggesting that being largely wealthy, the Jewish community would not vote for him. He denied making the comments, but nevertheless apologised.
On 4 May 2012 Livingstone was defeated in the London 2012 Mayoral Elections by the incumbent Mayor, Boris Johnson. There was only a difference of 62,538 votes between the 2 candidates with Livingstone receiving 992,273 votes and Johnson receiving 1,054,811 votes. Livingstone criticised bias in the media and declared that he would be bowing out of politics.
Political views.
Within the Labour Party, Livingstone was aligned with the hard left. Historian Alwyn W. Turner noted that Livingstone's entire approach to politics revolved not simply around providing public services, but in trying to change society itself; in his words, he wanted to get away from the concept of "old white men coming along to general management committees and talking about rubbish collection." Biographer John Carvel, a journalist from "The Guardian", remarked that Livingstone's political motivation was a "fundamental desire... for a more participative, cooperative society", leading him to oppose "concentrations of power and... exploitation in all its forms – economic, racial and sexual."
Livingstone describes himself as a socialist. In 1987, he stated that "politics is my religion. It's my moral framework. I believe a socialist society is inherently the best thing, and that's like an act of faith." In 2007, he stated that "I still believe one day that the idea that the main means of production are owned by private individuals... will be considered as anti-democratic as the idea serfs could be tied to the land. But I will not be alive when that day comes." Livingstone had always worked towards a unified socialist front on the British left, and disliked the tendency towards splintering and forming rival factions, usually over issues of political theory, among the socialist community. Although rejecting Marxism, throughout his political career he has worked alongside Marxist far left groups and has become involved with the "politics of the street". He has however not worked with those Marxist groups, such as the Socialist Workers Party and the Revolutionary Communist Party, who advocate the destruction of the Labour Party as the way forward for socialism, seeing their beliefs as incompatible with his own.
Livingstone has consistently rejected being defined under any particular ideological current of socialism. Recognising this, in 2000, the former Labour Party leader Neil Kinnock asserted that Livingstone could only be defined as a "Kennist". Livingstone's understanding of politics arises from his studies of animal behaviour and anthropology; rejecting the idea that the human species is naturally progressing (a view advocated by socialists like the Fabian Society), Livingstone instead took the view that human society is still coming to terms with the massive socio-economic changes that it experienced upon the development of agriculture during the Neolithic. Highlighting that a hunter-gatherer mode of subsistence is more natural to the human species, he believes that modern society has to adopt many hunter-gatherer values – namely mutual co-operation and emphasis on human relationships rather than consumerism – in order to survive.
Personal life.
Historian Alwyn W. Turner noted that Livingstone was a "gifted communicator and self-publicist" who was able to stump his opponents using his "mischievous sense of humour". Biographer John Carvel echoed these comments, highlighting that Livingstone had a "talent for public speaking".
Biographer Andrew Hosken noted that many of those who had worked with Livingstone had commented on him being an excellent boss, who was "a good delegator, decisive and supportive" as well as being "a friendly and modest colleague."
Although raised into a nominally Christian family, Livingstone renounced religious belief when he was eleven, becoming an atheist. In a 2005 interview he commented that in doing so he had rejected "mumbo-jumbo in favour of rational science." The British Humanist Association identifies him as one of its distinguished supporters. He is known for his enthusiasm for gardening and keeping and breeding newts. He was the first person to breed the Western Dwarf Clawed Frog "Hymenochirus curtipes" in captivity. Livingstone is a big fan of "The Godfather" film franchise, stating that the actions of the criminal organisations within the movies are very much akin to the world of politics.
Family.
Livingstone repeatedly attempted to keep his family life private, commenting that "I expect that my private life is not in the public domain and I'm rude to any journalist who turns up... at home". It is known that he has five children. 
Livingstone married Christine Pamela Chapman in 1973; the marriage ended in divorce in 1982. Around that time he became involved with Kate Allen, now director of Amnesty International in the UK; the couple separated in November 2001. He then entered a relationship with his office manager, Emma Beal, who together had two children, Thomas, born 14 December 2002 at the University College Hospital, London, and a daughter, Mia, born on 20 March 2004 at the Royal Free Hospital in Hampstead. Livingstone and Beal married on 26 September 2009 in the Mappin Pavilion of London Zoo. They live in North London.
Livingstone had also fathered three children prior to 2000; a boy by one mother and two girls by another. Neither the children nor their mothers have been named in the media, although "The Sun" claimed that "all the children meet up for Sunday lunch – while his former lovers take it in turns to cook". The children were born to two different women while Livingstone was involved with Kate Allen, according to an article by Decca Aitkenhead:
Legacy and influence.
Throughout his career, Livingstone polarised public opinion, and was widely recognised as a risk taker. Supporters described him as the "People's Ken" and an "anti-politician politician", opining that he had the common touch with working-class Londoners that most British politicians lacked. He was widely recognised for having improved the status of minority groups in London. He was also deemed a "formidable operator" at City Hall, with an "intimate knowledge" of London.
He was also widely criticised and denounced during his career. During his Mayorship, he faced repeated accusations of cronyism for favouring his chosen aides over other staff. One of his supporters, Atma Singh, commented that under Livingstone's leadership, a culture of bullying pervaded at City Hall, although this was denied by many other staff there. Livingstone has also been criticised by various British far left groups like the Socialist Workers Party and the Alliance for Workers' Liberty, who have deemed his reformist politics to be insufficiently radical and condemned him for backing the Metropolitan Police and big business while criticising the RMT trade union during his Mayorship.
Throughout his career, Livingstone had been referenced in popular culture. During the 1980s, "Spitting Image" featured a fictionalised version of Livingstone voiced by Harry Enfield.
In 1990, BBC show "The Comic Strip" produced an episode entitled "" in which Robbie Coltrane played a fictionalised portrayal of Charles Bronson playing Livingstone in a Hollywood movie. Kate Bush wrote the song "Ken" for the episode, which was then released as a b-side to her single "Love and Anger".

</doc>
<doc id="18247229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247229" title="DeWitt Colony">
DeWitt Colony

The Dewitt Colony (ca. 1820s through the 1840s) was a settlement in Mexican Texas founded by Green DeWitt. From lands belonging to that colony, the present Texas counties of DeWitt, Guadalupe and Lavaca were created. The hub of the colony was primarily located, however, in what is now Gonzales County. The first battle of the Texas Revolution occurred in the DeWitt Colony
Background.
In 1821 the Mexican War for Independence severed the control that Spain had exercised on its North American territories, and the new country of Mexico was formed from much of the lands that had comprised New Spain, including Spanish Texas. Because it was sparsely populated, Texas was combined with Coahuila to create new state, Coahuila y Tejas.
The new Mexican government was bankrupt and had little money to devote to the military. Settlers were empowered to create their own militias to help control hostile Indian tribes. Mexican Texas faced raids from both the Apache and Comanche tribes, and with little military support the few settlers in the region needed help. In the hopes that an influx of settlers could control the Indian raids, the government liberalized its immigration policies for the region, and settlers from the United States were permitted in the colonies for the first time.
The 1824 General Colonization Law enabled all heads of household who were citizens of or immigrants to Mexico to be eligible to claim land. The law did not differentiate among races or social stature, and people who had been granted occupancy rights would be able to claim the land patent for the dwellings. Immigrants were required to be Roman Catholic and foreigners were expected to learn Spanish. Settlers were supposed to own property or have a craft or useful profession, and all people wishing to live in Texas were expected to report to the nearest Mexican authority for permission to settle.
Approval for settlement contracts for Texas was the responsibility of the state government in Saltillo. They were soon besieged by foreign speculators wanting to bring colonists into the state. Coahuila y Tejas implemented the federal law in 1825. At this time, about 3500 people lived in Texas, mostly congregated at San Antonio and La Bahia. Under the new law, people who did not already possess property in Texas could claim one square league (4438 acres) of irrigable land, with an additional league available to those who owned cattle. Soldiers were given first choice of land, followed by citizens and immigrants. Empresarios and individuals with large families were exempt from the limit. Those who had owned land under Spanish control were allowed to retain their property as long as they had not fought on the side of the Spanish during the Mexican War of Independence. Immigrants were subject to the same policies as Mexican citizens, and Indians who migrated to Texas after Mexican independence and were not native to the area would be treated as immigrants. Stephen F. Austin quickly became the first empresario to successfully establish a colony in Texas.
Establishment.
In 1822, Dewitt petitioned the Mexican government for permission to settle colonists in Texas but was denied. After gaining the support of Stephen F. Austin, an influential Texas empresario, Dewitt's second petition, in 1825, was granted. He was given permission to settle 400 respectable, industrious, Catholic families in an area bounded by the Guadalupe River, San Marcos River, and Lavaca River. This colony was southwest of Austin's. Dewitt hired James Kerr as his surveyor. 
In the summer of 1825, Kerr, along with Deaf Smith, Brazil Durbin, Geron Hinds, John Wightman, James Musick, and a Mr. Strickland, searched for a suitable location for the colony. Kerr chose to place the capital, called Gonzales after Rafael Gonzales, provisional governor of Coahuila y Tejas, at the confluence of the San Marcos and Guadalupe Rivers. The original location was east of the present city of Gonzales. To create the new town, several cabins were erected. In July 1826 Francis Berry and his family became the first family to reside in the Dewitt Colony. 
In July 1826 Gonzales was raided by Indians who were looking for horses. One colonist, John Wightman, was killed in the raid. Most of the settlers fled temporarily to Austin's colony. Although the colonization laws specified that settlements should not be established within 10 leagues of the coast, DeWitt gained permission from the Bexar authorities to establish a temporary settlement, which they called Old Station, on Matagorda Bay near the mouth of the Lavaca River. The settlement would be allowed until enough colonists had arrived to be able to see to their own safety in Gonzales. By October 1826 40 people lived in Old Station, including Dewitt and his family. DeWitt recruited most of the settlers from Missouri. He obtained a four year contract with a schooner called "Dispatch", captained by William Jarvis Russell, and with this he made his way down the Mississippi River to New Orleans, Louisiana.
Neighbor relations.
Because the Mexican government had made an error and included another colony in the contract grant, DeWitt had numerous disputes with Martín De León, who had founded a colony near present-day Victoria. In late 1826, DeWitt was arrested, on the authorization of the Mexican government, due to Martín De León claiming tobacco being shipped into the colony was contraband. As a result of the arrest, however, Mexican authorities ordered that Old Station be abandoned, and Gonzales was reestablished. By December, 1827, DeWitt had completed the construction of a fort in the previous location of Gonzales. The construction had been hampered by numerous Comanche raids, but after its completion, all settlers relocated to that location.
In 1827, DeWitt joined Austin and De Leon in signing a peace treaty with the Karankawa so that their colonies would be safe from raids. DeWitt also negotiated a peace treaty with the Tonkawa, but were unable to reach terms with the Comanche. As Comanche raids took a toll on the settlement, the political chief in Bexar sent the settlers of Gonzales a small cannon that they could use for their protection.
Growth.
By 1828 the colony consisted of 11 families and 27 single men. Most were primarily from the southern states of Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama, Tennessee, and Louisiana, with some coming from as far north as New York. By 1829 the colony had experienced a boom, expanding to 30 families and 34 single men. By 1830, the colony had 56 families, and 65 single men. 
In 1830 Mexican authorities passed a law prohibiting further immigration to Texas from the United States. Austin was able to secure a waiver for DeWitt's colony, but the measure made it difficult for him to recruit families. When his contract expired on April 15, 1831, he had settled a total of 166 families. Because he was unable to meet the terms of the contract, any unassigned lands in his colony reverted to the Mexican government, and DeWitt was unable to get a further contract.
Legacy.
The lands that comprised DeWitt Colony have been partitioned into several Texas counties. These include DeWitt, Guadalupe, Lavaca, and Gonzales.

</doc>
<doc id="18247233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247233" title="Million Women Study">
Million Women Study

The Million Women Study is a study of women’s health analysing data from more than one million women aged 50 and over, led by Dame Valerie Beral and a team of researchers at the Cancer Epidemiology Unit, University of Oxford. It is a collaborative project between Cancer Research UK and the National Health Service (NHS), with additional funding from the Medical Research Council (UK). The study has abundantly fulfilled its aims of illuminating the answers to crucial questions about factors affecting the health of women in this age group, as its collaborators continue their frequent contribution to prestigious medical journals of what has become an impressive series of landmark medical papers.
One key focus of the study relates to the effects of hormone replacement therapy use on women's health. The study has confirmed the findings in the Women's Health Initiative (WHI) that women currently using HRT are more likely to develop breast cancer than those who are not using HRT.
Results from the Million Women Study, together with those of the WHI trial from the USA, have influenced national policy, including recent recommendations on the prescribing and use of hormone replacement therapy from the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists and from the Commission on Human Medicines.
Study design.
The Million Women Study is a multi-centre, population-based prospective cohort study of women aged 50 and over invited to routine breast cancer screening in the UK. Between 1996 and 2001, women were invited to join the Million Women Study when they received their invitation to attend breast screening at one of 66 participating NHS Breast Screening Centres in the UK. At these centres, women received a study questionnaire with their invitation, which they were asked to complete and return at the time of screening. Around 70% of those attending the programme returned questionnaires and agreed to take part in the study, over 1 in 4 women in the UK in the target age group. The Million Women Study is the largest study of its kind in the world.
Aims.
The Million Women Study was set up with the aim of recruiting 1,000,000 women in the UK into a cohort study, to provide answers to the following questions: 
Findings.
HRT and breast cancer.
Follow-up of over 1 million women in the Million Women Study confirmed findings from other recent studies that women currently using HRT are more likely to develop breast cancer than those who are not using HRT. Past users are not at increased risk. The study was able to show that this effect is substantially greater for combined (estrogen-progestogen) HRT than for estrogen-only HRT; and that the effects were similar for all specific types and doses of estrogen and progestogen, for oral, transdermal and implanted HRT, and for continuous and sequential patterns of use. Current users of estrogen-progestogen HRT were at 2 fold increased risk of developing breast cancer, and current users of estrogen-only HRT at 1.3 fold risk. Use of HRT by women aged 50–64 in the UK in the decade from 1993-2003 resulted in an estimated 20,000 extra breast cancers.
HRT and endometrial (womb) cancer.
It is well known that post-menopausal women who have not had a hysterectomy are at increased risk of cancer of the endometrium (the lining of the womb) if they take estrogen-only HRT. Follow up of over 700 000 women in the Million Women Study confirmed this and showed that the risk of endometrial cancer is also increased in women who take tibolone; but is not altered, or may even be reduced, in women taking combined estrogen-progestogen HRT. These effects depend also on a woman’s body mass index (BMI, a measure of obesity) such that adverse effects of tibolone and estrogen-only HRT are greatest in thinner women, and the beneficial effects of combined HRT are greatest in fatter women.
HRT and ovarian cancer.
Results of the study show a small increase in risk of ovarian cancer in women taking HRT. Such an increased risk had been suspected from some previous studies, and has now been confirmed with the larger numbers available in this study. The findings come from analyses on 948,576 post-menopausal women in the study, followed up for about 5 years. Women currently taking HRT were at higher risk of developing and of dying from ovarian cancer than women not using HRT. Past users were not at increased risk. The risk in current users was increased about 1.2 fold; for every 1000 women using HRT, 2.6 developed ovarian cancer over 5 years, compared with 2.2 in those not taking HRT. The risk was the same for estrogen-only, combined estrogen-progestogen and other types of HRT (including tibolone) and did not vary by specific type of estrogen or progestogen, or between oral and transdermal (patch) administration.
These results are equivalent to one extra case of ovarian cancer for every 2500 women taking HRT, and one extra death from ovarian cancer per 3300 women taking HRT, over 5 years. Publishers of these studies say that the results need to be looked at in the context of the other risks and benefits of HRT. In particular, an estimation of the overall effect of HRT use on three common cancers in women: breast cancer, endometrial (womb) cancer and ovarian cancer. Together, these cancers account for about 4 in 10 cancers in women in the UK. According to the findings, in women aged 50–69, about 19 of these cancers will develop over 5 years in every 1000 women not taking HRT. In women taking HRT the estimate is for the number of cancers to be increased to about 31. The overall increased risk is higher in women using combined estrogen-progestogen HRT than in women using estrogen-only HRT because most of the overall increase is due to an increase in breast cancer, and users of combined HRT have a higher risk of breast cancer than users of estrogen-only HRT.
Public health implications: Impact of the Million Women Study.
Results from the Million Women Study, together with those from other studies such as the Women’s Health Initiative trial from the USA, have influenced national policy, including recent recommendations on the prescribing and use of hormone replacement therapy from the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists and from the Commission on Human Medicines.
Public awareness of the study and its findings has led to significant behavioural changes, predominately resulting in the swift decline of HRT prescriptions throughout Europe and the US from 2003. In contrast to the increase in HRT prescriptions between 1991 and 1996, which remained stable through to 2001, sales of HRT fell by 50% between 2002 and 2005 following the publication of the Million Women Study and the Women's Health Initiative study.
A number of recent studies have shown that the Million Women Study continues to impact women’s health and behavioural patterns in Europe. Research examining breast cancer incidence trends in Sweden between 1997 and 2007, showed that the prevalence of HRT use in women aged 50–59 years decreased from a peak of 36% in 1999 to 9% in 2007, a parallel decrease in incidence of breast cancer was also reported between 2003 and 2007. A recent report assessing breast cancer incidence in Belgium between 2007 and 2008 also showed a significant drop in breast cancer incidence attributed to the decrease in HRT use in Belgium during and leading up 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18247238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247238" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Hanyang">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hanyang

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hanyang (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Hanyang in the Ecclesiastical province of Hankou in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18247260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247260" title="Xie Zhiyu">
Xie Zhiyu

Xie Zhiyu (Simplified Chinese: 谢志宇; born 6 May 1987) is a Chinese football striker, who plays for Hangzhou Lücheng in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Wuhan Guanggu.
Xie Zhiyu started his professional football career with Wuhan Guanggu after graduating from their youth team in 2007. The following season saw him steadily establish himself within the squad, however this was cut short after the sudden disbanding and relegation of Wuhan Guanggu in the Chinese Super League after the clubs management did not accept the punishment given to them by the Chinese Football Association after a scuffle broke out during a league game against Beijing Guoan on September 27, 2008.
Hangzhou Lücheng.
At the beginning of the 2009 season Xie Zhiyu transferred to Hangzhou Lücheng where he would make his competitive debut against Henan Construction on the 5th of April 2009 in a 2-0 defeat. Xie would have a differcult debut season and could only score one goal throughout the 2009 campaign, which lead to him often finding himself playing as a substitute. When Wu Jingui was introduced as the teams new Head coach he moved Xie into midfield and the player would finally settle within the Hangzhou team as a regular.

</doc>
<doc id="18247265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247265" title="Social democracy">
Social democracy

Social democracy is a political ideology that officially has as its goal the establishment of democratic socialism through reformist and gradualist methods. Alternatively, social democracy is defined as a policy regime involving a universal welfare state and collective bargaining schemes within the framework of a capitalist economy. It is often used in this manner to refer to the social models and economic policies prominent in Western and Northern Europe during the later half of the 20th century.
Following the split between reformists and revolutionary socialists in the Second International, Social democrats have advocated for a peaceful and evolutionary transition of the economy to socialism through progressive social reform of capitalism. Social democracy asserts that the only acceptable constitutional form of government is representative democracy under the rule of law. It promotes extending democratic decision-making beyond political democracy to include economic democracy to guarantee employees and other economic stakeholders sufficient rights of co-determination. It supports a mixed economy that opposes the excesses of capitalism such as inequality, poverty, and oppression of various groups, while rejecting both a totally free market or a fully planned economy. Common social democratic policies include advocacy of universal social rights to attain universally accessible public services such as education, health care, workers' compensation, and other services, including child care and care for the elderly. Social democracy is connected with the trade union labour movement and supports collective bargaining rights for workers. Most social democratic parties are affiliated with the Socialist International.
Social democracy originated in 19th-century Germany from the influence of both the internationalist revolutionary socialism and doctrine of communism advanced by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels; and the reformist socialism of Ferdinand Lassalle. The Marxists and Lassallians were in rivalry over political influence in the movement until 1868–1869 when Marxism became the official basis of Social Democratic Workers' Party of Germany. In the Hague Congress of 1872, Marx modified his stance on revolution by declaring that there were countries with democratic institutions where reformist measures could be advanced, saying that "workers may achieve their aims by peaceful means, But this is not true of all countries." Marx stressed his support for the Paris Commune due to its representative democracy based on universal suffrage.
A major non-Marxian influence on social democracy came from the British Fabian Society founded in 1884 by Frank Podmore that emphasized the need for a gradualist evolutionary and reformist approach to the achievement of socialism. Fabianism is believed to have strongly influenced revisionist Marxist Eduard Bernstein who adopted its evolutionary socialism. Bernstein rejected many major tenets promoted by Marx and Engels that he viewed as inaccurate or obsolete. He opposed classical and orthodox Marxisms' assumption of the necessity of socialist revolution and class conflict, claiming that socialism could be achieved through evolutionary means via representative democracy and cooperation between people regardless of class. He claimed that a mixed economy of public, cooperative and private enterprise would be necessary for a long period of time before private enterprises would evolve of their own accord into cooperative enterprise.
Social democracy in the 1930s began to transition away from association with Marxism towards liberal socialism, particularly through the influence of figures like Carlo Rosselli who sought to disassociate socialism from the legacy of Marxism. This also was the result of the alliance of liberal and social democratic movements in popular front movements in the 1930s, that opposed fascism. Such views were inspired by Bernstein's description of socialism as being an "organized liberalism", that completely rejected Marx's hostility to liberalism. By the post-World War II period, most social democrats in Europe had abandoned their ideological connection to Marxism and shifted their emphasis toward social policy reform in place of transition from capitalism to socialism. The Third Way is a controversial major faction in social democratic parties that developed in the 1990s, that has claimed to be social democratic though others have identified it as being effectively a neoliberal movement and not social democratic. Another substantial contemporary faction in the social democratic movement are proponents of market socialism.
History.
First International era, 1863–1889.
The origins of social democracy have been traced to the 1860s, with the rise of the first major working-class party in Europe, the General German Workers' Association (ADAV) founded by Ferdinand Lassalle. At the same time the International Workingmen's Association also known as the First International was founded in 1864 brought together socialists of various stances, and initially brought forth a conflict between Karl Marx and the anarchists led by Mikhail Bakunin over the role of the state in socialism, with Bakunin rejecting any role for the state. Another issue at the First International was the role of reformism.
Although Lassalle was not a Marxist, he was influenced by the theories of Marx and Engels, and he accepted the existence and importance of class struggle. However unlike Marx's and Engels' "The Communist Manifesto", Lassalle promoted class struggle in a more moderate form. While Marx viewed the state negatively as an instrument of class rule that should only exist temporarily upon the rise to power of the proletariat and then dismantled, Lassalle accepted the state. Lassalle viewed the state as a means through which workers could enhance their interests and even transform the society to create an economy based on worker-run cooperatives. Lassalle's strategy was primarily electoral and reformist, with Lassalleans contending that the working class needed a political party that fought above all for universal adult male suffrage.
The ADAV's party newspaper was called "Der Sozialdemokrat" ("The Social Democrat"). Marx and Engels responded to the title "Sozialdemocrat" with distaste, Engels once wrote "But what a title: Sozialdemokrat!...Why don't they simply call it The Proletarian." Marx agreed with Engels that "Sozialdemokrat" was a bad title. However the origins of the name "Sozialdemokrat" actually traced back to Marx's German translation in 1848 of the French political party known as "Partie Democrat-Socialist" into "Partei der Sozialdemokratie"; but Marx did not like this French party because he viewed it as dominated by the middle class, and associated the word "Sozialdemokrat" with that party. There was a Marxist faction within the ADAV represented by Wilhelm Liebknecht who became one of the editors of the "Die Sozialdemokrat".
Faced with opposition from liberal capitalists to his socialist policies, Lassalle controversially attempted to forge a tactical alliance with the conservative aristocratic Junkers due to their anti-bourgeois attitudes, as well as from Prussian Chancellor Otto von Bismarck. Friction in the ADAV arose over Lassalle's policy of a friendly approach to Bismarck that had assumed that Bismarck in turn would be friendly towards them that did not succeed. This approach opposed by the party's Marxists, including Liebknecht. Opposition in the ADAV to Lassalle's friendly approach to Bismarck's government resulted in Liebknecht resigning from his position as editor of "Die Sozialdemokrat", and left the ADAV in 1865. In 1869 Liebknecht along with Marxist August Bebel founded the Social Democratic Workers' Party of Germany (SDAP), that was founded as a merger of three groups: petit-bourgeois Saxon People's Party (SVP), a faction of the ADAV, and members of the League of German Workers Associations (VDA).
Though the SDAP was not officially Marxist, it was the first major working-class organization to be led by Marxists and Marx and Engels had direct association with the party. The party adopted stances similar to those adopted by Marx at the First International. There was intense rivalry and antagonism between the SDAP and the ADAV, with the SDAP being highly hostile to the Prussian government while the ADAV pursued a reformist and more cooperative approach. This rivalry reached its height involving the two parties' stances on the Franco-Prussian War, with the SDAP refusing to support Prussia's war effort by claiming it rejected it as an imperialist war by Bismarck, while the ADAV supported the war.
In the aftermath of the defeat of France in the Franco-Prussian War, revolution broke out in France, with revolutionary army members along with working-class revolutionaries founding the Paris Commune. The Paris Commune appealed both to the citizens of Paris regardless of class, as well as to the working class who were a major base of support for the government by appealing to them via militant rhetoric. In spite of such militant rhetoric to appeal to the working class, the Commune also received substantial support from the middle-class bourgeoisie of Paris, including shopkeepers and merchants. The Commune, in part due to its sizable number neo-Proudhonians and neo-Jacobins in the Central Committee, declared that the Commune was not opposed to private property, but rather hoped to create the widest distribution of it. The political composition of the Commune included twenty-five neo-Jacobins, fifteen to twenty neo-Proudhonians and protosyndicalists, nine or ten Blanquists, a variety of radical republicans, and a few Internationalists influenced by Marx.
In the aftermath of the collapse of the Paris Commune in 1871, Marx praised the Paris Commune in his work "The Civil War in France" (1871) for its achievements, in spite of its pro-bourgeois influences, and called it an excellent model of the dictatorship of the proletariat in practice, as it had dismantled the apparatus of the bourgeois state, including its huge bureaucracy; military; and its executive, judicial, and legislative institutions; with a working-class state with broad popular support. However the collapse of the Commune and the persecution of its anarchist supporters had the effect of weakening the influence of the Bakuninist anarchists in the First International, this would result in Marx expelling the weakened rival Bakuninists from the International a year later.
In Britain, the achievement of legalization of trade unions under the Trade Union Act of 1871 drew British trade unionists to believe that working conditions could be improved through parliamentary means.
At the Hague Congress of 1872, Marx altered his position on the necessity of a violent revolution to achieve socialism, by taking into account the different institutions of different countries. At the Congress, Marx declared:
Marx was not optimistic that Germany at the time was not open to a peaceful means to achieve socialism, especially after German Chancellor Otto von Bismarck had enacted Anti-Socialist Laws in 1878. At the time of the Anti-Socialist Laws beginning to be drafted, but not yet published, in 1878, Marx spoke of the possibilities of legislative reforms by an elected government composed of working-class legislative members, but also of the willingness to use force should force be used against the working class:
Engels in his study "England in 1845 and in 1885" (1885) wrote a study that analysed the changes in the British class system from 1845 to 1885, in which he commended the Chartist movement for being responsible for the achievement of major breakthroughs for the working class. Engels stated that during this time Britain's industrial bourgeoisie had learned "that the middle class can never obtain full social and political power over the nation except by the help of the working class". In addition he noticed "a gradual change over the relations between the two classes". This change he described was manifested in the change of laws in Britain, that granted political changes in favour of the working class that the Chartist movement had demanded for years:
The creation of the Fabian Society in Britain in 1884, brought forward a prominent non-Marxist socialist organization that was committed to reformist and gradualist tactics to achieve socialism. The Fabian Society was founded as a splinter group from the Fellowship of the New Life due to opposition within that group to socialism. Unlike Marxism, Fabianism did not promote itself as a working-class-led movement, and it largely had middle-class members. The Fabian Society published the "Fabian Essays on Socialism" (1889) that was substantially written by George Bernard Shaw. Shaw referred to Fabians as
Other important early Fabians, included Sidney Webb, who from 1887 to 1891 wrote the bulk of the Society's official policies. Fabianism would become a major influence on the British labour movement.
Second International era, "reform or revolution" dispute, 1889–1914.
The modern social democratic movement came into being through a division within the socialist movement, this division can be described as a parting of ways between those who insisted upon political revolution as a precondition for the achievement of socialist goals and those who maintained that a gradual or evolutionary path to socialism was both possible and desirable.
The influence of the Fabian Society in Britain grew in the British socialist movement in the 1890s, especially within the Independent Labour Party (ILP) founded in 1893. Important ILP members were affiliated with the Fabian Society, including Keir Hardie and Ramsay MacDonald - the future British Prime Minister. Fabian influence in British government affairs also emerged, such as Fabian member Sidney Webb being chosen to take part in writing what became the Minority Report of the Royal Commission on Labour. While Hardie was nominally a member of the Fabian Society, as leader of the ILP held close relations with certain Fabians, such as Shaw, while he was antagonistic to others such as the Webbs. As ILP leader, Hardie rejected revolutionary politics while declaring that he believed the party's tactics should be "as constitutional as the Fabians".
Another important Fabian figure who joined the ILP was Robert Blatchford who wrote the work "Merrie England" (1894) that endorsed municipal socialism. "Merrie England" was a major publication that sold 750,000 copies within one year. In "Merrie England" Blatchford distinguished two types of socialism: an "ideal socialism" and a "practical socialism". Blatchford's practical socialism was a state socialism that identified existing state enterprise such as the Post Office run by the municipalities as a demonstration of practical socialism in action, he claimed that practical socialism should involve the extension of state enterprise to the means of production as common property of the people. While endorsing state socialism, Blatchford's "Merrie England" and his other writings were influenced by anarchist communist William Morris, as Blatchford himself attested to, and Morris' anarchist communist themes are present in "Merrie England".
Shaw published the "Report on Fabian Policy" (1896) that declared: "The Fabian Society does not suggest that the State should monopolize industry as against private enterprise or individual initiative."
Major developments in social democracy as a whole emerged with the ascendance of Eduard Bernstein as a proponent of reformist socialism and an adherent of Marxism. Bernstein had resided in Britain in the 1880s at the time when Fabianism was arising, and is believed to have been strongly influenced by Fabianism. However he publicly denied having strong Fabian influences on his thought. Bernstein did acknowledge that he was influenced by Kantian epistemological skepticism while he rejected Hegelianism. He and his supporters urged the Social Democratic Party of Germany to merge Kantian ethics with Marxian political economy. On the role of Kantian criticism within socialism, Bernstein said:
The term "revisionist" was applied to Bernstein by his critics who referred to themselves as "orthodox" Marxists, even though Bernstein claimed that his principles were consistent with Karl Marx's and Friedrich Engels' stances, especially in their later years when Marx and Engels advocated that socialism should be achieved through parliamentary democratic means where-ever possible. Bernstein and his faction of revisionists criticized orthodox Marxism and particularly its founder Karl Kautsky, for having disregarded Marx's view of the necessity of evolution of capitalism to achieve socialism by replacing it with an "either/or" polarization between capitalism and socialism; claiming that Kautsky disregarded Marx's emphasis on the role of parliamentary democracy in achieving socialism; as well as criticizing Kautsky for his idealism of state socialism. However Kautsky did not deny a role for democracy in the achievement of socialism, as he claimed that Marx's dictatorship of the proletariat was not a form of government that rejected democracy as critics had claimed it was, but a state of affairs that Marx expected would arise should the proletariat gain power and be faced with fighting a violent reactionary opposition.
Bernstein had held close association to Marx and Engels, but he saw flaws in Marxian thinking and began such criticism when he investigated and challenged the Marxian materialist theory of history. He rejected significant parts of Marxian theory that were based upon Hegelian metaphysics, he rejected the Hegelian dialectical perspective. Bernstein distinguished between early Marxism as being its immature form: as exemplified by "The Communist Manifesto" written by Marx and Engels in their youth, that he opposed for what he regarded as its violent Blanquist tendencies; and later Marxism as being its mature form that he supported.
Bernstein declared that the massive and homogeneous working class claimed in the "Communist Manifesto" did not exist, and that contrary to claims of a proletarian majority emerging, the middle class was growing under capitalism and not disappearing as Marx had claimed. Bernstein noted that the working class was not homogeneous but heterogeneous, with divisions and factions within it, including socialist and non-socialist trade unions. Marx himself later in his life acknowledged that the middle class was not disappearing, in his work "Theories of Surplus Value". However due to the popularity of the "Communist Manifesto" and the obscurity of "Theories of Surplus Value", Marx's acknowledgement of this error is not well known.
Bernstein criticized Marxism's concept of "irreconciliable class conflicts" and Marxism's hostility to liberalism. He challenged Marx's position on liberalism by claiming that liberal democrats and social democrats held common grounds that he claimed could be utilized to create a "socialist republic". He believed that economic class disparities between the bourgeoisie and the proletariat would gradually be eliminated through legal reforms and economic redistribution programs. Bernstein rejected the Marxian principle of dictatorship of the proletariat, claiming that gradualist democratic reforms will improve the rights of the working class. According to Bernstein, unlike orthodox Marxism, social democracy did not seek to create a socialism separate from bourgeois society but instead sought to create a common development based on Western humanism. The development of socialism under social democracy does not seek to rupture existing society and its cultural traditions but to act as an enterprise of extension and growth. Furthermore, he believed that class cooperation was a preferable course to achieve socialism, rather than class conflict. On the issue of class conflict and responding to the Marxian principle of dictatorship of the proletariat, Bernstein said:
"No one thinks of destroying civil society as a community ordered in a civilized war. Quite to the contrary, Social Democracy does not want to break up civil society and make all its members proletarians together; rather, it ceaselessly labours to raise the worker from the social position of a proletarian to that of a citizen and thus make citizenship universal. It does not want to replace civil society with a proletarian society but a capitalist order of society with a socialist one." Eduard Bernstein
Bernstein urged social democrats to be committed to a long-term agenda of transforming the capitalist economy to a socialist economy rather than a sudden upheaval of capitalism, saying:
"Social democracy should neither expect nor desire the imminent collapse of the existing economic system … What social democracy should be doing, and doing for a long time to come, is organize the working class politically, train it for democracy, and fight for any and all reforms in the state which are designed to raise the working class and make the state more democratic." Eduard Bernstein
Bernstein accepted a mixed economy for an unspecified amount of time:
"It would be completely mad to burden itself with the additional tasks of so complex a nature as the setting up and controlling of comprehensive state production centers on a mass scale – quite apart from the fact that only certain specific branches of production can be run on a national basis…Competition would have to be reckoned with, at least in the transitional period." Eduard Bernstein.
"[...] in addition to public enterprises and cooperative enterprises, there are enterprises run by private individuals for their own gain. In time, they will of their own accord acquire a cooperative character." Eduard Bernstein.
Bernstein responded to critics that he was not destroying Marxism, but claimed that he was "modernizing Marxism" that was required "to separate the vital parts of [Marx's] theory from its outdated accessories". He asserted his support for the Marxian conception of a "scientifically based" socialist movement, and said that such a movement's goals must be determined in accordance with "knowledge capable of objective proof, that is, knowledge which refers to, and conforms with, nothing but empirical knowledge and logic". As such, Bernstein was strongly opposed to dogmatism within the Marxist movement.
Rosa Luxemburg representing revolutionary socialism, staunchly condemned Bernstein's revisionism and reformism for being based on "opportunism in social democracy". She likened Bernstein's policies to that of the dispute between Marxists and the opportunistic "Praktiker" (Pragmatists). She denounced Bernstein's evolutionary socialism for being a "petty-bourgeois vulgarization of Marxism". She claimed that Bernstein's years of exile in Britain had made him lose familiarity with the situation in Germany where he was promoting evolutionary socialism. Luxemburg sought to maintain social democracy as a revolutionary Marxist creed, saying:
Both Kautsky and Luxemburg condemned Bernstein for his "flawed" philosophy of science for having abandoned Hegelian dialectics for Kantian philosophical dualism. Russian Marxist George Plekhanov joined Kautsky and Luxemburg in condemning Bernstein for having a neo-Kantian philosophy. Kautsky and Luxemburg contended that Bernstein's empiricist viewpoints depersonalized and dehistoricized the social observer and reducing objects down to "facts". Luxemburg associated Bernstein with "ethical socialists" who she identified as being associated with the bourgeoisie and Kantian liberalism.
In his introduction to the 1895 Marx's Class Struggles in France, Engels attempted to resolve the division between gradualist reformists and revolutionaries in the Marxist movement, by declaring that he was in favour of short-term tactics of electoral politics that included gradualist and evolutionary socialist measures while maintaining his belief that revolutionary seizure of power by the proletariat should remain a goal. In spite of this attempt by Engels to merge gradualism and revolution, his effort only diluted the distinction of gradualism and revolution and had the effect of strengthening the position "Praktikers". Engels' statements in the French newspaper "Le Figaro" increased the public perception that Engels was becoming in favour of evolutionary socialism, in which he stated that "revolution" and the "so-called socialist society" was not a fixed concept, but was a constantly changing social phenomenon and said that this made "us all evolutionists". Engels also said that it would be "suicidal" to talk about a revolutionary seizure of power at a time when the historical circumstances favoured a parliamentarian road to power, that he predicted could bring "social democracy into power as early as 1898". Engels stance of openly accepting gradualist, evolutionary, and parliamentary tactics while claiming that the historical circumstances did not favour revolution, caused confusion. Bernstein interpreted this as indicating that Engels was moving towards accepting parliamentary reformist and gradualist stances, however Bernstein ignored that Engels' stances were tactical as a response to the particular circumstances, and that Engels was still committed to revolutionary socialism.
In 1897 after Bernstein made a lecture in Britain to the Fabian Society titled "On What Marx Really Taught", Bernstein wrote a letter to orthodox Marxist Bebel in which he revealed to Bebel that he felt conflicted with what he had said at the lecture as well as revealing his intentions regarding revision of Marxism:
What Bernstein was meaning was that that he believed that Marx was wrong in assuming that the capitalist economy would collapse as a result of its internal contradictions, as by the mid-1890s there was little evidence of such internal contradictions causing this to capitalism.
The dispute over policies in favour of reform or revolution dominated discussions at the 1899 Hannover Party Conference of the Socialist Workers' Party of Germany (SAPD). This issue had become especially prominent with the Millerand Affair in France in which Alexandre Millerand of the French Independent Socialist Party joined the non-socialist government of France's liberal Prime Minister Waldeck-Rousseau without seeking support from his party's leadership. Millerand's actions provoked outrage amongst revolutionary socialists within the Second International, including the anarchist left and Jules Guesde's revolutionary Marxists. 
In response to these disputes over reform or revolution, the 1900 Paris Congress of the Second International declared a resolution to the dispute, in which Guesde's demands were partially accepted in a resolution drafted by Kautsky that declared that overall socialists should not take part in a non-socialist government, but provided exceptions to this rule where necessary to provide the "protection of the achievements of the working class".
Another prominent figure who influenced social democracy, was French revisionist Marxist and reformist socialist Jean Jaurès. During the 1904 Congress of the Second International, Jaurès challenged orthodox Marxist August Bebel, the mentor of Kautsky, over his promotion of monolithic socialist tactics. Jaurès claimed that no coherent socialist platform could be equally applicable to different countries and regions due to different political systems in them; noting that Bebel's homeland of Germany at the time was very authoritarian and had limited parliamentary democracy. He compared the limited political influence of socialism in government in Germany to the substantial influence that socialism had gained in France due to its stronger parliamentary democracy. He claimed that the example of the political differences between Germany and France demonstrated that monolithic socialist tactics were impossible, given the political differences of various countries.
World Wars, revolutions and counterrevolutions, Great Depression 1914–1945.
As tensions between Europe's Great Powers escalated in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, Bernstein feared that Germany's arms race with other powers was threatening the possibility of a major war. Bernstein's fears were realized with the outbreak of World War I.
Immediately after the outbreak of World War I, Bernstein traveled from Germany to Britain to meet with British Labour Party leader Ramsay MacDonald. Bernstein regarded the outbreak of the war with great dismay, but even though the two countries were at war with one another, MacDonald honoured Bernstein at the meeting. In spite of Bernstein's and other social democrats' attempts to secure the unity of the Second International, with national tensions increasing between the countries at war, the Second International collapsed in 1914. Anti-war members of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) refused to support finances being given to the German government to support the war. However a nationalist-revisionist faction of SPD members led by Friedrich Ebert, Gustav Noske, and Philipp Scheidemann, supported the war, arguing that Germany had the "right to its territorial defense" from the "destruction of Tsarist despotism". The SPD's decision to support the war, including Bernstein's decision to support it, was heavily influenced by the fact that the German government lied to the German people, as it claimed that the only reason Germany had declared war on Russia was because Russia was preparing to invade East Prussia, when in fact this was not the case. Jaurès opposed France's intervention in the war and took a pacifist stance, but was soon assassinated in 1914.
Bernstein soon resented the war and by October 1914 was convinced of the German government's war guilt; and contacted the orthodox Marxists of the SPD, to unite to push the SPD to take an anti-war stance. Kautsky attempted to put aside his differences with Bernstein and join forces in opposing the war, and Kautsky praised him for becoming a firm anti-war proponent, saying that although Bernstein had previously supported "civic" and "liberal" forms of nationalism, his committed anti-war position made him the "standard-bearer of the internationalist idea of social democracy". The nationalist position by the SPD leadership under Ebert refused to rescind.
In Britain, the British Labour Party became divided on the war. Labour Party leader Ramsay MacDonald was one of a handful of British MPs who had denounced Britain's declaration of war on Germany. MacDonald was denounced by the pro-war press on accusations that he was "pro-German" and a pacifist, both charges that he denied. In response to pro-war sentiments in the Labour Party, MacDonald resigned from being its leader and associated himself with the Independent Labour Party. Arthur Henderson became the new leader of the Labour Party, and served as a cabinet minister in Prime Minister Asquith's war government. After the February Revolution of 1917 in Russia (not to be confused with the October Revolution) in which the Tsarist regime in Russia was overthrown by the Socialist-Revolutionary Party, a democratic socialist movement led by Alexander Kerensky, MacDonald visited the Russian Provisional Government in June 1917, seeking to persuade Russia to oppose the war and seek peace. His efforts to unite the Russian Provisional Government against the war failed after Russia fell back into political violence resulting in the October Revolution in which the Bolsheviks led Vladimir Lenin's rise to power. Though MacDonald critically responded to the Bolsheviks' political violence and rise to power by warning of "the danger of anarchy in Russia", he gave political support to the Bolshevik regime until the end of the war because he then thought that a democratic internationalism could be revived. The British Labour Party's trade union affiliated membership soared during World War I. Henderson with the assistance of Sidney Webb designed a new constitution for the British Labour Party, in which it adopted a strongly left-wing platform in 1918 to ensure that it would not lose support to the new Communist Party, exemplified by Clause IV of the new constitution of the Labour Party.
The overthrow of the Tsarist regime in Russia by Kerensky's Socialist-Revolutionaries in February 1917 impacted politics in Germany, as it ended the legitimation used by Ebert and other pro-war SPD members that Germany was in the war against a reactionary Russian government. With the overthrow of the Tsar and revolutionary socialist agitation increased in Russia, such events influenced socialists in Germany. With rising bread shortages in Germany amid war rationing, mass strikes occurred beginning in April 1917 with 300,000 strikers taking part in a strike in Berlin. The strikers demanded bread, freedom, peace, and the formation of workers' councils as was being done in Russia. Amidst the German public's uproar, the SPD alongside the Progressives and the Catholic labour movement in the Reichstag put forward the "Peace Resolution" on 19 July 1917 that called for a compromise peace to end the war, that was passed by a majority of members of the Reichstag. The German High Command opposed the Peace Resolution, however it did seek to end the war with Russia, and presented the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk to the Bolshevik regime in 1918 that agreed to the terms and the Reichstag passed the treaty, that included the support of the SPD, the Progressives, and the Catholic political movement.
By late 1918 the war situation for Germany had become hopeless, and Kaiser Wilhelm II was pressured to make peace. Wilhelm II appointed a new cabinet that included SPD members in it. At the same time the Imperial Naval Command was determined to make a heroic last stand against the British Royal Navy, and on 24 October 1918 it issued orders for the German Navy to depart to confront while the sailors refused, resulting in the Kiel Mutiny. The Kiel Mutiny resulted in the German Revolution of 1918–1919. Faced with military failure and revolution the Chancellor, Prince Maximilian of Baden resigned, giving SPD leader Ebert the position of Chancellor, Wihelm II abdicated the German throne immediately afterwards, and the German High Command officials Paul von Hindenburg and Erich Ludendorff resigned whilst refusing to end the war to save face, leaving the Ebert government and the SPD-majority Reichstag to be forced to make the inevitable peace with the Allies and take the blame for having lost the war. With the abdication of Wilhelm II, Ebert declared Germany to be a republic and signed the armistice that ended World War I on 11 November 1918.
The new social democratic government in Germany faced political violence in Berlin by a movement of communist revolutionaries known as the Spartacist League who sought to repeat the feat of Lenin and the Bolsheviks in Russia, by overthrowing the German government. Tensions between the governing "Majority" Social Democrats (led by Ebert) versus the strongly left-wing elements of the Independent Social Democratic Party (USPD) and communists over Ebert's refusal to immediately reform the German Army, resulted in the "January rising" by the newly formed Communist Party of Germany (KPD) and the USPD, resulting in communists mobilizing a large workers' demonstration. The SPD responded by holding a counterdemonstration that was effective in demonstrating support for the government, and the USPD soon withdrew its support for the rising. However the communists continued to revolt, and between 12 to 28 January 1919, communist forces had seized control of several government buildings in Berlin. Ebert responded by requesting that Defense Minister Gustav Noske take charge of loyal soldiers to fight the communists and secure the government. Ebert was furious with the communists' intransigence and said that he wished "to teach the radicals a lesson they would never forget". Noske was able to rally groups of mostly reactionary ex-soldiers, known as the "Freikorps" who were eager to fight the communists. The situation soon went completely out of control when the recruited "Freikorps" went on a violent rampage against workers and murdered the communist leaders Karl Liebenknecht and Rosa Luxembourg. The atrocities by the government-recruited "Freikorps" against the communist revolutionaries badly tarnished the reputation of the SPD and strengthened the confidence of reactionary forces. In spite of this, the SPD was able to win the largest number of seats in the parliamentary election held on 19 January 1919 and Ebert was elected President of Germany, but the USPD in response to the atrocities committed by the government-recruited "Freikorps", refused to support the SPD government.
Due to the unrest in Berlin, the construction of the constitution of the new German republic was created in the city of Weimar, and is referred to as the Weimar Republic. Upon founding the new government, President Ebert cooperated with liberal members of his coalition government to create the constitution, Ebert sought to begin a program of nationalizations of some parts of the economy. Political unrest and violence continued and the government's continued reliance on the help of the "Freikorps" counterrevolutionaries to fight the communist revolutionaries continued to alienate potential left-wing support for the SPD. The SPD coalition government's acceptance of the harsh peace conditions of the Treaty of Versailles in June 1919, infuriated the right, including the "Freikorps" that had previously been willing to cooperate with the government to fight the communists. In the German parliamentary election of June 1919, the SPD share of the vote declined significantly. In March 1920, a group of right-wing militarists led by Wolfgang Kapp and former German military chief-of-staff Erich Ludendorff initiated a briefly successful putsch against the German government, in what became known as the Kapp Putsch, however the putsch failed and the government was restored.
At a global level, after World War I several attempts were made to re-found the Second International that collapsed amidst national divisions in the war. The Vienna International formed in 1921 attempted to end the rift between reformist socialists - including social democrats; and revolutionary socialists - including communists, and particularly Mensheviks. However a crisis soon erupted that involved the new country of Georgia led by a social democratic government led by President Noe Zhordania, that had declared itself independent from Russia in 1918 whose government had been endorsed by multiple social democratic parties. At founding meeting of the Vienna International, the discussions were interrupted by the arrival of a telegram from President Zhordania who said that Georgia was under invasion by Bolshevik Russia. Delegates attending the International's founding meeting were stunned, particularly the Bolshevik representative from Russia, Mecheslav Bronsky, who refused to believe this and left the meeting to seek confirmation of this, but upon confirmation Bronsky did not return to the meeting. The overall response from the Vienna International was divided, the Mensheviks demanded that the International immediately condemn Russia's aggression against Georgia, but the majority as represented by German delegate Alfred Henke sought to exercise caution and said that the delegates should wait for confirmation. Russia's invasion of Georgia completely violated the non-aggression treaty signed between Lenin and Zhordania, as well as violating Georgia's sovereignty by annexing Georgia directly into the Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic. Tensions between Bolsheviks and social democrats worsened with the Kronstadt rebellion. Unrest by leftists against the Bolshevik government in Russia resulted in the Kronstadt rebellion, Russian social democrats distributed leaflets calling for a general strike against the Bolshevik regime, the Bolsheviks responded by forcefully repressing the rebels.
Relations between the social democratic movement and Bolshevik Russia descended into complete antagonism in response to the Russian famine of 1921 and the Bolsheviks' violent repression of opposition to their government. Multiple social democratic parties were disgusted with Russia's Bolshevik regime, particularly Germany's SPD and the Netherlands' Social Democratic Workers' Party (SDAP) that denounced the Bolsheviks for defiling socialism and declared that the Bolsheviks had "driven out the best of our comrades, thrown them into prison and put them to death".
In May 1923, social democrats united to found their own international, the Labour and Socialist International (LSI), founded in Hamburg, Germany. The LSI declared that all its affiliated political parties would retain autonomy to make their own decisions regarding internal affairs of their countries; but that international affairs would be addressed by the LSI. The LSI addressed the issue of the rise of fascism, by declaring the LSI to be anti-fascist. In response to the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War in 1936 between the democratically elected Republican government versus the authoritarian right-wing Nationalists led by Francisco Franco with the support of Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany, the Executive Committee of the LSI declared not only its support for the Spanish Republic but also that it supported the Spanish government having the right to purchase arms to fight Franco's Nationalist forces. LSI-affiliated parties, including the British Labour Party declared their support for the Spanish Republic. However the LSI was criticized on the left for failing to put action into its anti-fascist rhetoric.
The stock market crash of 1929 that began an economic crisis in the United States that globally spread and became the Great Depression profoundly affected economic policymaking. The collapse of the gold standard and the emergence of mass unemployment resulted in multiple governments recognizing the need for state macroeconomic intervention to reduce unemployment as well as economic intervention to stabilize prices, a proto-Keynesianism that John Maynard Keynes himself would soon publicly endorse. Multiple social democratic parties declared the need for substantial investment in economic infrastructure projects to respond to unemployment, and creating social control over money flow. Furthermore, social democratic parties declared that the Great Depression demonstrated the need for substantial macroeconomic planning while their pro-property rights opponents staunchly opposed this. However attempts by social democratic governments to achieve this were unsuccessful due to the ensuing political instability in their countries from the depression, the British Labour Party became internally split over the policies while Germany's SPD government did not have the time to implement such policies as Germany's politics turned to violent civil unrest in which the Nazis rose to power in 1933 and dismantled parliamentary democracy.
A major development for social democracy was the victories of several social democratic parties in Scandinavia, particularly the Social Democratic Party of Sweden (SAP) in the 1920 Swedish election. The SAP was elected to a minority government. It created a Socialization Committee that declared support for a mixed economy that combined the best of private initiative with social ownership or control, it supported substantial socialization "of all necessary natural resources, industrial enterprises, credit institutions, transportation and communication routes" that would be gradually transferred to the state. It permitted private ownership outside of these areas.
In 1922 Ramsay MacDonald returned to the leadership of the Labour Party from the Independent Labour Party. in the 1924 British election the Labour Party won a plurality of seats and was elected as a minority government but required assistance from the Liberal Party to have a majority of the parliament. Opponents of the Labour Party accused the party of communist sympathies. Prime Minister MacDonald responded to these allegations by stressing the party's commitment to reformist gradualism and openly opposing the radical wing in the party. MacDonald emphasized that the Labour minority government's first and foremost commitment was to uphold democratic responsible government over all other policies. MacDonald emphasized this because he knew that any attempt to pass major socialist legislation in a minority government status would endanger the new government because it would be opposed and blocked by the Conservatives and the Liberals who together held a majority of seats. The Labour Party had risen to power in the aftermath of Britain's severe recession of 1921–1922, with the economy beginning to recover, British trade unions demanded that their wages be restored from the cuts they took in the recession. The trade unions soon became deeply dissatisfied with the MacDonald government and labour unrest and threat of strikes arose in transportation sector, including docks and railways. MacDonald viewed the situation as a crisis, consulting the unions in advance to warn them that his government would have to use strikebreakers if the situation continued. The anticipated clash between the government and the unions was averted, however the situation alienated the unions from the MacDonald government. MacDonald's most controversial action was having Britain recognize the government of the Soviet Union in February 1924. The British Conservative press, including the "Daily Mail" used this to promote a red scare, claiming that the Labour government's recognition of the Soviet Union proved that Labour held pro-Bolshevik sympathies.
The British Labour Party lost the 1924 election and a Conservative government was elected. Though MacDonald faced multiple challenges to his leadership of the party, the party stabilized by 1927 as a capable opposition party to the Conservative government. MacDonald released a new political programme for the party titled "Labour and the Nation" (1928). The Labour Party returned to government in 1929, but soon faced the economic catastrophe of the stock market crash of 1929.
In the 1920s, SPD policymaker and Marxist Rudolf Hilferding proposed substantial policy changes in the SPD as well as influencing social democratic and socialist theory. Hilferding was an influential Marxian socialist both in social democracy and outside it, such as his pamphlet titled "Imperialism" influencing Lenin's own conception of imperialism in the 1910s. Prior to the 1920s Hilferding declared that capitalism had evolved beyond what had been laissez-faire capitalism into what he called "organized capitalism". Organized capitalism was based upon trusts and cartels controlled by financial institutions that could no longer make money within their countries' national boundaries and thus needed to export to survive, resulting in support for imperialism. Hilferding described that while early capitalism promoted itself as peaceful and based on free trade, the era of organized capitalism was aggressive and said that "in the place of humanity there came the idea of the strength and power of the state". He said that this had the consequence of creating effective collectivization within capitalism and had prepared the way for socialism.
Originally Hilferding's vision of a socialism replacing organized capitalism was highly Kautskyan in assuming an either/or perspective, expecting a catastrophic clash between organized capitalism versus socialism. However by the 1920s, Hilferding became an adherent to promoting a gradualist evolution of capitalism into socialism. He then praised organized capitalism for being a step towards socialism, saying at the SPD congress in 1927 that "organized capitalism" is nothing less than "the replacement of the capitalist principle of free competition by the socialist principle of planned production". He went on to say that "the problem is posed to our generation: with the help of the state, with the help of conscious social direction, to transform the economy organized and led by capitalists into an economy directed by the democratic state.".
In the 1930s, the SPD began to transition away from revisionist Marxism towards liberal socialism beginning in the 1930s. After the party was banned by the Nazis in 1933, the SPD acted in exile through the Sopade. In 1934 the Sopade began to publish material that indicated that the SPD was turning towards liberal socialism. Sopade member Curt Geyer was a prominent proponent of liberal socialism within the Sopade, and declared that Sopade represented the tradition of Weimar Republic social democracy - liberal democratic socialism, and declared that Sopade's held true to its mandate of traditional liberal principles combined with the political realism of socialism.
The only social democratic governments in Europe that remained by the early 1930s were in Scandinavia. In the 1930s several Swedish social democratic leadership figures, including former Swedish Prime Minister Rickard Sandler - the secretary and chairman of the Socialization Committee, and Nils Karleby, rejected earlier SAP socialization policies pursued in the 1920s for being to extreme. Karlby and Sanders developed a new conception of social democratic socialism: the Nordic model that called for gradual socialization and redistribution of purchasing power, provision of educational opportunity, support of property rights, permitting private enterprise on the condition that it adheres to the principle that the resources of which it disposes are in reality public means, and the creation of a broad category of social welfare rights. The new SAP government of 1932, replaced the previous government's universal commitment to a balanced budget to a Keynesian-like commitment to a balanced budget within a business cycle. Unlike the 1921–1923 SAP governments that had run large deficits, after a strong increase in state expenditure in 1933, the SAP government reduced Sweden's budget deficit, the government had scheduled Sweden to have its budget deficit eliminated in seven years, however it took only three years to eliminate the deficit and Sweden held a budget surplus from 1936 to 1938. However this policy was criticized because although the budget deficit had been eliminated, major unemployment still remained in Sweden.
In the Americas from the 1920s to 1930s, social democracy was rising as a major political force. In Mexico, several social democratic governments and presidents were elected from the 1920s to the 1930s. The most important Mexican social democratic government of this time was that led by President Lázaro Cárdenas and the Party of the Mexican Revolution whose government initiated agrarian reform that broke up vast aristocratic estates and redistributing property to peasants. Cárdenas was deeply committed to social democracy, but was criticized by his left-wing opponents for being pro-capitalist due to his personal association with a wealthy family and for being corrupt due to his government's exemption from agrarian reform of the estate held by former Mexican President Alvaro Obregón. Political violence in Mexico had become serious in the 1920s with the Cristero War in which right-wing reactionary clericals fought against the left-wing government that was attempting to institute secularization of Mexico. Furthermore, Cardenas' government openly supported Spain's Republican government while opposing Francisco Franco's Nationalists during the Spanish Civil War. During the Spanish Civil War, Cárdenas staunchly asserted that Mexico was progressive and socialist - working with socialists of various types, including communists, and accepted refugees from Spain as well as accepting communist renegade Leon Trotsky as a refugee after Joseph Stalin removed Trotsky and sought to have him killed. Cárdenas strengthened the rights of Mexico's labour movement, nationalized foreign oil companies, and controversially supported peasants in their struggle against landlords by allowing them to form militias to fight the private armies of landlords in the country. Cárdenas' actions deeply aggravated right-wing reactionaries and there was fear that Mexico would succumb to civil war. Cardenas stepped down as Mexican President and supported a compromise presidential candidate who held support from business interests, in order to avoid further antagonizing the right-wing that could have caused a civil war.
Cold War era and Keynesianism, 1945–1979.
After World War II, a new international organization to represent social democracy and democratic socialism, the Socialist International in 1951. In the founding Frankfurt Declaration, the Socialist International denounced both capitalism and Bolshevik communism. As for Bolshevik communism, the Declaration denounced it in articles 7, 8, 9, and 10, saying:
The rise of Keynesianism in the Western world during the Cold War influenced the development of social democracy. The attitude by social democracy towards capitalism changed as a result of the rise of Keynesianism. Capitalism was acceptable to social democracy only if capitalism's typical crises could be prevented and if mass unemployment could be averted, Keynesianism was believed to be able to provide this. Social democrats came to accept the market for efficiency reasons, and endorsed Keynesianism that was expected to reconcile democracy and capitalism.
After the 1945 British election, a Labour government was formed by Clement Attlee. Attlee immediately began a program of major nationalizations of the economy. From 1945 to 1951 the Labour government nationalized the Bank of England, civil aviation, cable and wireless, coal, transport, electricity, gas, and iron and steel. This policy of major nationalizations gained clamour from the left faction within the Labour Party that saw the nationalizations as achieving the transformation of Britain from a capitalist to socialist economy. However the Labour government's nationalizations were staunchly condemned by the opposition Conservative Party. The Conservatives defended private enterprise and accused the Labour government of intending to create a Soviet-style centrally planned socialist state. However accusation by the Conservatives of the nationalizations being inspired by Soviet-style central planning this was not the case, as the Labour government's three Chancellors of the Exchequer: Hugh Dalton, Stafford Cripps, and Hugh Gaitskell, all oppoased Soviet-style central planning. Initially there were strong direct controls by the state in the economy that had already been implemented by the British government during World War II, however after the war these controls gradually loosened under the Labour government and were eventually phased out and replaced by Keynesian demand management. In spite of opposition by the Conservatives to the nationalizations, all of the nationalizations except for the nationalization of coal and iron soon became accepted in a national consensus on the economy that lasted until the Thatcher era when the national consensus turned towards support of de-nationalization and privatization. The Labour Party lost the 1951 election and a Conservative government was formed.
There were early major critics of the nationalization policy within the Labour Party in the 1950s. British social democratic theorist Anthony Crosland in "The Future of Socialism" (1956), argued that socialism should be about the reforming of capitalism from within. Crosland claimed that the traditional socialist program of abolishing capitalism on the basis of capitalism inherently causing immiseration, had been rendered obsolete by the fact that the post-war Keynesian capitalism had led to the expansion of affluence for all, including full employment and a welfare state. Crosland claimed that the rise of such an affluent society had resulted in class identity fading, and as a consequence socialism in its traditional conception as then supported by the British Labour Party was no longer attracting support. He claimed that the Labour Party was associated in the public's mind as having "a sectional, traditional, class appeal" that was reinforced by bickering over nationalization. Crosland argued that in order for the Labour Party to become electable again, it had to drop its commitment to nationalization, and to stop equating nationalization with socialism. Instead of this, he claimed that a socialist programme should be about support of social welfare, redistribution of wealth, and "the proper dividing line between the public and private spheres of responsibility".
The SPD in West Germany in 1945 endorsed a similar policy on nationalizations to that of the British Labour government. SPD leader Kurt Schumacher declared that the SPD was in favour of nationalizations of key industrial sectors of the economy, such as: banking and credit, insurance, mining, coal, iron, steel, metal-working, and all other sectors that were identified as monopolistic or cartelized.
India upon becoming a sovereign state in 1947, elected the social democratic Indian National Congress to government with its leader Jawaharlal Nehru becoming Indian Prime Minister. Nehru declared "In Europe, we see many countries have advanced very far on the road to socialism. I am not referring to the communist countries but to those which may be called parliamentary, social democratic countries." In power, Nehru's government emphasized state-guided national development of India, he took inspiration from social democracy, though India's newly formed Planning Commission also took inspiration from post-1949 China's agricultural policies.
The new sovereign state of Israel elected the socialist Mapai party that sought the creation of a socialist economy based on cooperative ownership of the means of production via the "kibbutz" system while it rejected nationalization of the means of production. The "kibbutz" are producer cooperatives that with government assistance have flourished in Israel.
In 1959 the SPD instituted a major policy review with the Godesberg Program in 1959. The Godesberg Program eliminated the party's remaining Marxist-aligned policies and the SPD became based upon "freiheitlicher Sozialismus" (liberal socialism). With the adoption of the Godsberg Program, the SPD renounced Marxist determinism and classism and replaced it with an ethical socialism based on humanism, and emphasized that the party was democratic, pragmatic, and reformist. The most controversial decision of the Godesberg Program was its declaration saying "Private ownership of the means of production can claim protection by society as long as it does not hinder the establishment of social justice". This policy meant the endorsement of Keynesian economic management, social welfare, and a degree of economic planning, and an abandonment of the classical conception of socialism as involving the replacement of capitalist economic system. It declared that the SPD "no longer considered nationalization the major principle of a socialist economy but only one of several (and then only the last) means of controlling economic concentration of power of key industries"; while also committing the SPD to an economic stance to promote "as much competition as possible, as much planning as necessary". This decision to abandon this traditional policy angered many in the SPD who had supported it. With these changes, the SPD enacted the two major pillars of what would become the modern social democratic program: making the party a people's party rather than a party solely representing the working class, and abandoning remaining Marxist policies aimed at destroying capitalism and replacing them with policies aimed at reforming capitalism. The Godesberg Program divorced its conception of socialism from Marxism, declaring that democratic socialism in Europe was "rooted in Christian ethics, humanism, and classical philosophy". The Godesberg Program has been seen as involving the final prevailing of the reformist agenda of Bernstein over the orthodox Marxist agenda of Kautsky.
The Godesberg Program was a major revision of the SPD's policies and gained attention from beyond Germany. At the time of its adoption, in neighbouring France the stance of the French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO) was divided on the Godesberg Program while the French Independent Socialist Party (PSA) denounced the Godesberg Program as "a renunciation of Socialism", and opportunistic reaction to the SPD's electoral defeats.
Response to neoliberalism, contemporary era, 1979 to present.
The economic crisis in the Western world during the mid to late 1970s resulted in the rise of neoliberalism and politicians elected on neoliberal platforms such as British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and US President Ronald Reagan. The rise in support for neoliberalism raised questions over the political viability of social democracy, such as sociologist Ralf Dahrendorf predicting the "end of the social democratic century".
In 1985, an agreement was made between several social democratic parties in the Western bloc countries of Belgium, Denmark, and the Netherlands; with the communist parties of the Eastern Bloc countries of Bulgaria, East Germany, and Hungary; to have multilateral discussions on trade, nuclear disarmament and other issues.
In 1989, the Socialist International adopted its present Declaration of Principles. The Declaration of Principles addressed issues concerning the "internationalization of the economy". The Declaration of Principles defined its interpretation of the nature of socialism. It stated that socialist values and vision include "a peaceful and democratic world society combining freedom, justice and solidarity". It defined the rights and freedoms it supported, stating: "Socialists protect the inalienable right to life and to physical safety, to freedom of belief and free expression of opinion, to freedom of association and to protection from torture and degradation. Socialists are committed to achieve freedom from hunger and want, genuine social security, and the right to work." However it also clarified that it did not promote any fixed and permanent definition for socialism, stating: "Socialists do not claim to possess the blueprint for some final and fixed society which cannot be changed, reformed or further developed. In a movement committed to democratic self-determination there will always be room for creativity since each people and every generation must set its own goals."
The 1989 Socialist International congress was politically significant in that members of Communist Party of the Soviet Union during the reformist leadership of Mikhail Gorbachev, attended the congress. The SI's new Declaration of Principles abandoned previous statements made in the Frankfurt Declaration of 1951 against Soviet-style communism. After the congress, the Soviet state newspaper "Pravda" noted that thanks to dialogue between the Soviet Communist Party and the SI since 1979 that "the positions of the CPSU and the Socialist International on nuclear disarmament issues today virtually coincide".
The collapse of the Marxist-Leninist regimes in Eastern Europe after the end of the Cold War, and the creation of multiparty democracy in many many of those countries, resulted in the creation of multiple social democratic parties. Though many of these parties did not achieve initial electoral success, they became a significant part of the political landscape of Eastern Europe. In Western Europe, the prominent Italian Communist Party transformed itself into the post-communist Democratic Party of the Left in 1991.
A highly controversial development in social democracy occurred in the 1990s, with the development of Third Way politics and social democratic adherents of it. The social democratic variant of the Third Way has been advocated by its proponents as an alternative to both capitalism and what it regards as the traditional forms of socialism, including Marxist socialism and state socialism, that Third Way social democrats reject. It officially advocates ethical socialism, reformism, gradualism - that includes advocating the humanized capitalism, a mixed economy, political pluralism, and liberal democracy. Left-wing opponents of Third Way social democracy claim that it is not a form of socialism, and claim that it represents social democrats who responded to the New Right by accepting capitalism. The Third Way has been strongly criticized within the social democratic movement. Supporters of Third Way ideals argue that they merely represent a necessary or pragmatic adaptation of social democracy to the realities of the modern world: traditional social democracy thrived during the prevailing international climate of the post-war Bretton Woods consensus, which collapsed in the 1970s.
Third Way supporter and former British Prime Minister Tony Blair when he was a British Labour Party MP wrote in a Fabian pamphlet in 1994 of the existence of two prominent variants of socialism: one is based on a Marxist economic determinist and collectivist tradition that he rejected, and the other is an "ethical socialism" that he supported, that was based on values of "social justice, the equal worth of each citizen, equality of opportunity, community".
Prominent Third Way proponent Anthony Giddens views conventional socialism as essentially having become obsolete. However Giddens claims that a viable form of socialism was advocated by Anthony Crosland in his major work "The Future of Socialism" (1956). Giddens has complimented Crosland as well as Thomas Humphrey Marshall for promoting a viable socialism. Giddens views what he considers the conventional form of socialism - state socialism - that defines socialism as a theory of economic management, as nor longer viable. Giddens rejects what he considers top-down socialism as well as rejecting neoliberalism. Giddens criticizes conventional socialism for its common advocacy that socialization of production, as achieved by central planning, can overcome the irrationalities of capitalism. Giddens claims that this claim "can no longer be defended". He says that with the collapse of legitimacy of centrally planned socialization of production, "With its dissolution, the radical hopes for by socialism are as dead as the Old Conservatism that opposed them". Giddens says that although there have been proponents of market socialism who have rejected such central planned socialism as well as being resistant to capitalism, that "There are good reasons, in my view, to argue that market socialism isn't a realistic possibility". Giddens makes clear that Third Way as he envisions it, is not market socialist and says "There is no Third Way of this sort, and with this realization the history of socialism as the avant-garde of political theory comes to a close.".
However Giddens contends that Third Way is connected to the legacy of reformist revisionist socialism, saying "Third way politics stands in the traditions of social democratic revisionism that stretch back to Eduard Bernstein and Karl Kautsky."
Giddens commends Crosland's "A Future of Socialism" for recognizing that socialism cannot be defined merely in terms of a rejection of capitalism, because if capitalism did end and was replaced with socialism, then socialism would have no purpose with the absence of capitalism. From Crosland's analysis, Giddens proposes a description of socialism:
Paul Cammack has condemned the Third Way as conceived by Anthony Giddens as being a complete attack upon the foundations of social democracy and socialism in which Giddens has sought to replace them with capitalism. Cammack claims that Giddens devotes more energy into criticizing conventional social democracy and conventional socialism, including Giddens' claim that conventional socialism has "died" because Marx's vision of a new economy with wealth spread in an equitable way is not possible, while at the same time making no criticism of capitalism. As such, Cammack condemns Giddens and his Third Way for being anti-social-democratic, anti-socialist, and pro-capitalist that Giddens disguises in rhetoric to make appealing within social democracy.
British political theorist Robert Corfe who was in the past a social democratic proponent of a new socialism free of class-based prejudices, criticized both Marxist classists and Third Way proponents within the Labour Party. Corfe has denounced the Third Way as developed by Giddens for "intellectual emptiness and ideological poverty". Corfe has despondently noted and agreed with former long-term British Labour Party MP Alice Mahon's statement in which she said "Labour is the party of bankers, not workers. The party has lost its soul, and what has replace it is harsh, American style politics..." Corfe claims that the failure to develop a new socialism has resulted in what he considers the "death of socialism" that left social capitalism as only feasible alternative.
Former SPD chairman Oskar Lafontaine condemned then-SPD leader and German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder for his Third Way policies, saying that the SPD under Schröder had adopted "a radical change of direction towards a policy of neoliberalism". After resigning from the SPD, Lafontaine co-founded The Left in 2007. The Left was founded out of a merger of the Party of Democratic Socialism (PDS) and Labour and Social Justice – The Electoral Alternative (WASG) - a breakaway faction from the SPD. The Left has been controversial because as a direct successor to the PDS, it is also a direct successor of former East Germany's ruling Marxist-Leninist Socialist Unity Party (SED) that transformed into the PDS after the end of the Cold War. However the PDS did not continue the SED's policies, as the PDS adopted policies to appeal to democratic socialists, greens, feminists, and pacifists. Lafontaine said in an interview that he supports the type of social democracy pursued by Willy Brandt but claims that the creation of The Left was necessary because "formerly socialist and social democratic parties" had effectively accepted neoliberalism. The Left grew in strength and in the 2009 German parliamentary election gained 11 percent of the vote while the SPD gained 23 percent of the vote.
Lafontaine has noted that the founding of The Left in Germany has resulted in emulation in other countries, with several Left parties being founded in Greece, Portugal, Netherlands, and Syria. Lafontaine claims that a "de facto" British Left movement exists, identifying British Green Party MEP Caroline Lucas as holding similar values.
Others have claimed that social democracy needs to move past the Third Way, such as Olaf Cramme and Patrick Diamond in their book "After the Third Way: The Future of Social Democracy in Europe" (2012). Cramme and Diamond recognize that the Third Way arose as an attempt to break down the traditional dichotomy within social democracy between state intervention and markets in the economy, however they contend that the global financial crisis of the late 2000s requires that social democracy must rethink its political economy. Cramme and Diamond note that optimism in economic planning amongst socialists was strong in the early to mid-twentieth century, but declined with the rise of the neoliberal right that both attacked economic planning and associated the left with economic planning. They claim that this formed the foundation of the "Right's moral trap" in which the neoliberal right attacks on economic planning policies by the left, that provokes a defense of such planning by the left as being morally necessary, and ends with the right then rebuking such policies as being inherently economically incompetent while presenting itself as the champion of economic competence. Cramme and Diamond state that social democracy has four different strategies both to address the economic crisis in global markets at present that it could adopt in response: market conforming, market complimenting, market resisting, market substituting, and market transforming.
Cramme and Diamond identify market conforming as being equivalent to historic social democratic policymaker Philip Snowden's desire for a very moderate socialist agenda based above all upon fiscal prudence, as Snowden insisted that socialism had to build upon fiscal prudence or else it would not be achieved.
Criticism.
Critics of contemporary social democracy such as Jonas Hinnfors argue that when social democracy abandoned Marxism it also abandoned socialism and has become in effect a liberal capitalist movement, in effect making social democrats similar to centre-left, but pro-capitalist groups, such as the U.S. Democratic Party.
Marxian socialists of the classical, orthodox and analytical variations argue that because social democratic programs retain the capitalist mode of production, they also retain the fundamental issues of capitalism, including cyclical fluctuations, exploitation and alienation. Social democratic programs intended to ameliorate capitalism, such as unemployment benefits, taxation on profits and the wealthy, create contradictions of their own by limiting the efficiency of the capitalist system by reducing incentives for capitalists to invest in production.
Democratic socialists, such as David Schweickart, contrast social democracy with democratic socialism by defining the former as an attempt to strengthen the welfare state, and the latter as an alternative socialist economic system to capitalism. According to Schweickart, the democratic socialist critique of social democracy states that capitalism could never be sufficiently "humanized", and any attempt to suppress the economic contradictions of capitalism would only cause them to emerge elsewhere. For example, attempts to reduce unemployment too much would result in inflation, and too much job security would erode labour discipline. In contrast to social democracy, democratic socialists advocate a post-capitalist economic system based either on market socialism combined with workers self-management, or on some form of participatory-economic planning.
Market socialists contrast social democracy with market socialism. While a common goal of both systems is to achieve greater social and economic equality, market socialism does so by changes in enterprise ownership and management, whereas social democracy attempts to do so by government-imposed taxes and subsidies on privately owned enterprises. Frank Roosevelt and David Belkin criticize social democracy for maintaining a property-owning capitalist class, which has an active interest in reversing social democratic policies and a disproportionate amount of power over society to influence governmental policy as a class.
There are critics that claim that social democracy abandoned socialism in the 1930s by endorsing Keynesian welfare capitalism. Socialist political theorist Michael Harrington argues that social democracy historically supported Keynesianism as part of a "social democratic compromise" between capitalism and socialism. This compromise created welfare states; thus Harrington contends that, although this compromise did not allow for the immediate creation of socialism, it "recognized noncapitalist, and even anticapitalist, principles of human need over and above the imperatives of profit". More recently, social democrats in favour of the Third Way have been accused of having endorsed capitalism, including by anti-Third Way social democrats who have accused Third Way proponents such as Anthony Giddens of being anti-social democratic and anti-socialist in practice.
Communists accuse social democracy of accepting the values of capitalist society and therefore not being a genuine form of socialism.

</doc>
<doc id="18247287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247287" title="Suzhou Massacre">
Suzhou Massacre

The Suzhou Massacre was an incident involving the Huai Army (淮軍) led by Li Hongzhang in Suzhou. The Taiping Army 200,000 surrendered to Li Hongzhang on December 1863, but Li ordered the deaths of 10,000 POWs on the Temple of two towers in Suzhou.

</doc>
<doc id="18247295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247295" title="Indiana Canal Company">
Indiana Canal Company

The Indiana Canal Company was a corporation first established in 1805 for the purpose of building a canal around the Falls of the Ohio on the Indiana side of the Ohio River. After several attempts, and possible sabotage by a supporter of the Louisville and Portland Canal, the project was ended.
History.
As the Midwestern United States became populated by American settlers, they began to farm produce down the Ohio River to the Mississippi River and New Orleans to be sold. Along this entire route there was only one obstacle, the Falls of the Ohio, a series of rapids between Clarksville, Indiana, and Louisville, Kentucky. At that location goods had to be unloaded from boats, transported by land to below the falls, and reloaded. This caused a considerable delay for transportation and led to the early growth in the area which responded by creating enterprises to accommodate the needs of moving the goods. The expense caused by the need to transport goods overland for the three mile stretch was considerable and the price incurred by Cincinnati goods alone was estimated to cost over $50,000 annually.
As early as 1790 it was proposed that a canal be built around the falls so that shipping could easily bypass the rapids. Both Indiana and Kentucky competed to be the first to build a canal, knowing whichever side built the canal would receive a large economic boost. Early promoters of the project included Josiah Stephens and Benjamin Hovey, both of whom believed the canal would create a rapid influx of wealth to Indiana.
First company.
Indiana began formal plans to build a canal before Kentucky, authorizing the first Indiana Canal Company on August 24, 1805. The charter was considered favorable, fixing tolls between two and five dollars. The company's board members were made up mostly of men from Clarksville and included Aaron Burr, Davis Floyd and George Rogers Clark. The Indiana Territory granted the company $120,000 in starting money, and the enterprise raised more than $1.2 million from private sources.
The company surveyed a route around the falls through a deep, downhill ravine that began near the mouth of the Cane Run creek and continued downhill past the falls, where it opened back into the Ohio River Valley. The plan was to dam the creek near its mouth at the Ohio River, forcing it down into the ravine where it would wash out the valley creating a natural canal. The redirected creek could then be connected to the Ohio River by a lock. The surveyors believed that this route would be far easier to build and cheaper than the cost of digging a route on the opposing side of the river.
The initial company failed before the construction was begun and completely fell apart after the Aaron Burr conspiracy was revealed. Floyd was briefly jailed for part in the plot, and Burr was charged with treason and jailed. Many believed the company was a front to gather funds for Burr's failed plot, but it was never proven that any money was misappropriated as the treason charges were dropped on lack of evidence and no further inquiry was made.
Second and third company.
In 1817 Indiana created a second canal company, the Ohio Canal Company. Governor Jonathan Jennings, who was intent on increasing the economic viability of the new state, saw the canal as a way to quickly enhance Indiana's economy. This time the charter for the company provided $1 million in starting funds and gave the board a wider representation from Indiana's now larger population to prevent any possible graft by local members. The charter gave the company tax-free status and power of eminent domain. The company was not able to draw enough investments for the project and in 1818 a third canal company, the Jeffersonville Ohio Canal Company, was created and given the additional powers of settings its own tolls and raising up to $100,000 by a lottery.
By 1819 the company had progressed enough to begin construction. The Cane Run was dammed and forced into the ravine as planned by the first company. The canal was expected to be 2.75 miles long with an average depth of 45 feet and a width that narrowed from 100 feet across at the top to 500 feet across at the bottom.
Work was progressing well along until the dam failed. Maurice Thompson claimed that someone from the rival canal company in Louisville had sabotaged the dam. Portland newspapers had been criticizing the canal and many of its residents were openly opposed to a construction of any canal, knowing that without the necessity to transport good overland, Portland's businesses would not be needed anymore. It is also possible the earthen dam was the victim of muskrats who destroyed millions of dollars worth of Indiana canals in the 1830s by burrowing through them. The subsequent Panic of 1819 made raising additional funds difficult, and without the means to continue construction the company folded.
Aftermath.
Without the funds to repair the dam and begin construction again, the project was allowed to languish. The Indiana General Assembly raised the topic again in 1824 and a commission was appointed, who's members included Christopher Harrison, to study the feasibility of trying to restart the project. After reporting on their findings, the commission was ended. The General Assembly discussed restarting the company but no action was again undertaken to attempt to build a canal on the Indiana side of the River. The debate ended in 1825 when the Louisville and Portland Canal secured federal funding, which virtually guaranteed its success. It was completed in 1831 and was instantly very profitable. The L & P Canal was still in operation in 2008 as part of the McAlpine Locks and Dam. 
In 1867 & 1868 a detailed and comprehensive study was conducted by the United States War Department on the feasibility of a ""Ship canal around the falls of the Ohio"". A report was submitted to congress in 1869 but was never acted upon. 
The loss of the canal was a local disaster for Clarksville. Local industry had been building with the expectation that Clarksville would become a major trading hub. The project had focused state attention on the improvement of the area and now many of the state plans where ruined. The state prison had been established in Jeffersonville so criminals could be used to labor on the canal, and other favorable projects had been granted to the area to improve the possibility of a canal. The loss left Clarksville to languish and into a population decline, whereas Jeffersonville began to grow quickly. Seeing the prosperity the L & P Canal brought, Indiana decided to build a series of Canals across the northern part of the state including the Wabash and Erie Canal.

</doc>
<doc id="18247301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18247301" title="Haller park">
Haller park

Haller park is the biggest park in Mid-Ferencváros, the 9th district of Budapest, Hungary. It is bordered by Haller utca on the west, Mester utca on the south, Vágóhíd utca on the east and Óbester utca on the north.
Facilities.
The park has various recreational facilities including ballgame fields, well-designated fully EU-conform playgrounds, a sledge hill and walkways for strolls. The park is particularly popular with families with children and old people relaxing in quiet.
Some residential buildings are dotted along its border, whereas a small one-storey nursery school and a creche occupy some space in the north of the park.
As a response to public concern, a park guard system went operational in May 2008, proving successful immediately.
Flora and fauna.
Haller park has numerous tree species: chestnut trees, poplars, black poplars, willows, linden trees, yews and planes. Birds abound, too: blackbirds, tits, Eurasian Blue Tits, robins, magpies, pigeons, sparrows and even crows. As regards the animal kingdom, hedgehogs and squirrels can be seen quite infrequently. Dogs, by contrast, are all too obvious a sight.

</doc>
