<doc id="18376035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376035" title="Pleistodontes froggatti">
Pleistodontes froggatti

Pleistodontes froggatti is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with the Moreton Bay Fig, "Ficus macrophylla", the species it pollinates. Outside of Australia, populations have become established in Hawaii (where it was deliberately introduced) and New Zealand where it was either accidentally introduced or arrived by long-distance dispersal.
Description.
"Pleistodontes frogatti" is a small wasp. Females are 3.0–3.4 mm (0.12–0.13 in) long with black, brown and reddish brown bodies. Males are 1.5 mm (0.06 in) in length, with yellow and orange bodies.
Taxonomy.
The specific epithet, "froggatti", is in honour of Australian entomologist W. W. Froggatt. The first account of the species' biology was written by Froggatt in 1901, who imperfectly identified it as "Pleistodontes imperialis ". Austrian entomologist Gustav Mayr re-described the species in 1906 and named it in honour of Froggatt.
Reproduction.
Figs have an obligate mutualism with fig wasps, (Agaonidae); figs are only pollinated by fig wasps, and fig wasps can only reproduce in fig flowers. "Pleistodontes frogatti" can only reproduce in the syconia of its host species, the Moreton Bay Fig, "Ficus macrophylla".
Distribution.
"Ficus macrophylla" is native to southeast Queensland, eastern New South Wales and Lord Howe Island, and has been planted widely across the world. "Pleistodontes froggatti" has been found across most of the range of its host tree in Australia. It also occurs in New Zealand and Hawaii.
The Maui Pineapple Company introduced "F. macrophylla" to its lands in the 1920s. "P. froggatti" was introduced to Hawaii in 1921 and has been recorded from the islands of Hawaii, Lānai, Kauai, Oahu and Molokai. It is also presumed present on Maui, given that "F. macrophylla" is naturalised on the island. It has also been collected in the Midway Atoll.
"Pleistodontes froggatti" was first recorded in New Zealand in 1993, a journey from its nearest range in Australia. Adult female wasps usually live 2–3 days; there are, on average, 21 days over the course of a year during which it would be possible for make the trip in 1–3 days on air currents. In addition, a female wasp could hitch a ride on an aircraft. After establishing in New Zealand, "P. froggatti" spread rapidly, making use of widely planted populations of Moreton Bay figs. The arrival of the wasp led to prolific production of fruits containing many small seeds adapted for dispersal by birds.

</doc>
<doc id="18376040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376040" title="Pinoy reggae">
Pinoy reggae

Filipino reggae is reggae music created in the Philippines. The country has several bands and sound systems that play reggae and dancehall music in a style faithful to its expression in Jamaica. Reggae in the Philippines comprises the many forms of reggae and its sub-genres, and at times combining traditional Filipino forms of music and instruments in their music.
Cebu, Manila, Quezon and Boracay are some of the cities that reggae has found a base, with many artists residing in these cities and performing at local bars and clubs. The Visayas region of the Philippine islands has had the largest concentration of reggae groups, with the Visayan city of Cebu even being dubbed "The Reggae Capital of the Philippines". In Early 2007 Ziggy Marley performed in the MTV Philippines "Reggae Fest by the Bay" festival in Manila. Marley played with local reggae talents and the big names in Filipino reggae.
History.
Jamaican Reggae was introduced to the Philippines in the late 1960s, however the first recognized Filipino reggae bands didn't appear until the late 1970s. Cocojam is known as one of the first Filipino reggae bands. Ska also found its place in the Philippines, with many bands forming, especially in the Visayas island region. Places like Cebu and Dumaguete became the hub of Filipino ska. Dub music also found its place within the islands, with bands like Junior Kilat popularising the genre with songs like "Sigbin". Local folklore, tales and traditions were a noticeable influence on songs. The subgenre called dancehall has been popularized in Cebu by Coolie dread and The Microphone Commanders. Bands like Badjao Roots and Tropical Depression displayed cultural awareness by using traditional instruments in their songs. With the commercial success of groups like Brownman Revival, Tropical Depression, and Hemp Republic, the Filipino reggae scene has seen more popularity, to the point that more reggae festivals are being introduced and expanded around the country.
Reggae Radio Stations.
There are a number of Radio stations in the Philippines which play reggae music, although few are dedicated solely to the genre. Below is a list of prominent Reggae radio stations in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="18376061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376061" title="Ron Reeves">
Ron Reeves

Ronald 'Ron' Reeves (born 6 December 1938) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the VFL during the late 1950s and early 1960s.
Reeves was a back pocket specialist, recruited from East Melbourne. He played for Collingwood's Under-19s before breaking into the seniors and in 1958 became a regular in their defense. That year he was a member of their premiership side and also played in the club's losing Grand Finals of 1960 and 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="18376092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376092" title="Karaga people">
Karaga people

The Karaga are a geographical subgroup of the Koryaks. They live on the Kamchatka Peninsula primarily in the Koryak Autonomous Oblast.
Sources.
Wixman, Ronald. "The Peoples of the USSR: An Ethnographic Handbook" (Armonk: M. E. Sharpe, 1984) p. 93

</doc>
<doc id="18376108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376108" title="Borja Criado">
Borja Criado

Borja Eduardo Criado Malagarriga (born 16 April 1982 in Barcelona, Catalonia) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward.
Football career.
After signing in 2001 with Valencia CF from CE Europa in his native Barcelona, Criado spent the vast majority of his three-year spell with the "Che"'s reserves, appearing three times in La Liga for the club, precisely in the season where it failed to win the national championship during his stay; Rafael Benítez was in charge in his league debut on 1 September 2002, a 0–0 away draw against Deportivo Alavés (three minutes played).
In 2004, Criado joined another reserve team and also in the third division, RCD Espanyol B, suffering relegation in his first season. Subsequently he moved to the second level with Ciudad de Murcia, appearing rarely (15 games out of 42, no goals) as the club nearly promoted to the top flight.
Criado was one of the players that renamed with his team after it was relocated to Granada and renamed Granada 74 CF. In early January 2008, although initially acquitted by the Royal Spanish Football Federation's Competition Committee and Appeal Committee, he received a two-year ban for having tested positive for Finasteride in the previous year, whilst a Ciudad Murcia player. Since 2001, the player had been fighting against baldness with a product which contained the substance, interrupted the treatment for two years upon improving on his condition, then resumed it in 2005, the year when Finasteride was banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency, due to the fact it could be used to mask other drugs, as steroids.
Upon appeal, Criado's sentence was reduced to nine months, then three, but he eventually chose to retire after losing all motivation, aged just 26.

</doc>
<doc id="18376129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376129" title="Sünde">
Sünde

Sünde ("German" for "Sin") is the third album by the German band Eisbrecher, released on August 22, 2008 in Germany, and on August 26, 2008 in the United States. The Limited Edition comes as a digipack and include 3 bonus tracks (one new song and two remixes).
Track list.
Notes.
Tracks 13,15 and 16 are only on Limited and American Re-issues.

</doc>
<doc id="18376138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376138" title="Mission Rock Station">
Mission Rock Station

The Mission Rock Street Station is a side platform light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at Mission Rock Street in Mission Bay, San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18376139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376139" title=".585 Gehringer">
.585 Gehringer

The .585 Gehringer is a wildcat elephant gun cartridge based on the .585 Nyati. The cartridge retains the .585" bullet diameter but the case has been lengthened and the rim diameter reduced to fit bolt faces designed for cartridges similar to the .416 Rigby. It was designed over several years by Karl Gehringer, member of the Australian wrestling team, during service in the Australian Armed Forces.
3.25" Bertram brass can be used as a basis for .585 Gehringer cases. Cases need to be trimmed to 3.06" length and the rims rebated to fit a .416 Rigby bolt face. Case capacity is 200 grains to case mouth.
Cartridge Performance.
Like most elephant gun cartridges the purpose was stopping power on large dangerous game at close quarters. Power is dependant on the practicalities of gun weight and recoil. Like most 3"+ .585" wildcats, the .585 Gehringer will exceed with a 750gn bullet for near muzzle energy (roughly 4 times the power of 7.62×51mm NATO).
In 2001, Woodleigh 750gn softpoint and FMJ bullets were tested to as a suitable hunting load. Geoff McDonald of Woodleigh also provided a special run of 900gn softpoints for the rifle.
Rifle.
The test rifle was a CZ-550 in .416 Rigby fitted with a 25" .577 Tobler barrel of 1:22 twist rate chambered with a 2.8" Nyati reamer.

</doc>
<doc id="18376146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376146" title="Alvah Hunt">
Alvah Hunt

Alvah Hunt (ca. 1798 Seekonk, Bristol County, Massachusetts - October 28, 1858 New York City) was an American merchant and politician.
Life.
He lived at Greene, Chenango County, New York, where he married Anna Birdsall (d. 1878).
He was a member of the New York State Senate (6th D.) from 1839 to 1842, sitting in the 62nd, 63rd, 64th and 65th New York State Legislatures. He was New York State Treasurer from 1848 to 1851, elected on the Whig ticket in November 1847 and re-elected in November 1849. Afterwards he moved to New York City and became Treasurer of the Des Moines Improvement Company.

</doc>
<doc id="18376154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376154" title="Imuracetam">
Imuracetam

Imuracetam is a nootropic drug of the racetam family.

</doc>
<doc id="18376181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376181" title="Kann denn Liebe Sünde sein?">
Kann denn Liebe Sünde sein?

"Kann denn Liebe Sünde sein?" (Can love be a sin?) is the first and only single from German industrial metal group Eisbrecher from their "Sünde" album. It was released on the 18 July 2008, exclusively in Germany. This single thus far is the most successful as it hit the German alternative charts at #3.

</doc>
<doc id="18376189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376189" title="India-based Neutrino Observatory">
India-based Neutrino Observatory

India-based Neutrino Observatory (INO) is a proposed particle physics research project to primarily study atmospheric neutrinos in a deep cave under Ino Peak near Theni, Tamil Nadu, India. This project is notable in that it is anticipated to provide a precise measurement of neutrino mixing parameters. The project is a multi-institute collaboration and one of the biggest experimental particle physics projects undertaken in India.
The project, expected to be completed in 2015 at an estimated cost of $250 million, has been cleared by the Ministry of Environment (India) for construction in the Bodi West Hills Reserved Forest in the Theni district of Tamil Nadu. When completed, the INO will house the world's most massive magnet, four times larger than the 12,500-tonne magnet in the Compact Muon Solenoid detector at CERN in Geneva, Switzerland.
History.
The possibility of a neutrino observatory located in India was discussed as early as 1989
during several meetings held that year. Since then this question comes up, off and on,
in many discussions. The issue was raised again in the first meeting of the Neutrino physics
and Cosmology working group during the Workshop on High Energy Physics Phenomenology
(WHEPP-6) held at Chennai in January 2000 and it was decided then to collate concrete
ideas for a neutrino detector.
Further discussions took place in August 2000 during a meeting on Neutrino Physics
at the Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics, Kolkata, when a small group of neutrino physics
enthusiasts started discussing the possibilities. The Neutrino 2001 meeting was held in the
Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai during February 2001 with the explicit objective
of bringing the experimentalists and theorists in this field together. The INO collaboration
was formed during this meeting. The first formal meeting of the collaboration was held in
the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai, during September 6 and 7th, 2001
at which various subgroups were formed for studying the detector options and electronics,
physics goals and simulations, and site survey.
In 2002, a document was presented to the Department of Atomic Energy, (DAE) which laid out an ambitious goal of establishing an India-based Neutrino Observatory, outlining the physics goals, possible choices for the detector and their physics. Since then many new and fast paced developments have taken place in neutrino physics. The award of the Nobel Prize in Physics (2002) to the pioneers in neutrino physics is a measure of the importance of this field.
As a result of the support received from various research institutes, universities, the scientific community and the funding agency, the Department of Atomic Energy, a Neutrino Collaboration Group (NCG) was established to study the possibility of building an India-based Neutrino Observatory (INO). The collaboration was assigned the task of doing the feasibility studies for which funds were made available by the DAE. A memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed by the directors of the participating institutes on August 30, 2002 to enable a smooth functioning of the NCG during the feasibility period. The NCG has the goal of creating an underground neutrino laboratory with the long term goal of conducting decisive experiments in neutrino physics as also other experiments which require such a unique underground facility.
On November 20, 2009, Ministry of Environment (India) Minister Jairam Ramesh in a letter to Anil Kakodkar, Secretary, Department of Atomic Energy and Chairman, Atomic Energy Commission of India, denied permission for the Department of Atomic Energy to set up the India-based Neutrino Observatory (INO) project at Singara in Nilgiris, as it falls in the buffer zone of the Mudumalai Tiger Reserve (MTR). Jairam Ramesh said that based on the report of Rajesh Gopal, Additional Principal Chief Conservator of Forests (PCCF) and Member-Secretary of the National Tiger Conservation Authority (MS-NTCA), the Ministry cannot approve the Singara site. The report says:
"The proposed project site falls in the buffer zone of Mudumalai Tiger Reserve and is in close proximity to the core/critical tiger habitats of Bandipur and Mudumalai Tiger reserves. It is also an elephant corridor, facilitating elephant movement from the Western Ghats to the Eastern Ghats and vice-versa. The area is already disturbed on account of severe biotic pressure due to human settlements and resorts and that the construction phase of the project would involve transport of building materials through the highways passing through the core area of the Bandipur and Mudmulai Tiger Reserves. 
Instead, he suggested an alternate site near Suruli Falls, Theni District in Tamil Nadu. The Minister said this site did not pose the same problems that Singara posed and environmental and forest clearances should not be a serious issue. He also assured the DAE that the Ministry would facilitate necessary approvals for the alternative location.
Dr. Naba K. Mondal of the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, who is the spokesperson for the INO project said: 
"But Suruliyar too is in a reserved forest area that is dense and would require cutting down of trees, something that was not required at Singara. Can the government assure us that forest clearance for this site will be given," he asks. "Alternatively, we can move to the nearby Thevaram, which is about 20-30 km away from the Suruliyar falls. This forest area has only shrubs but there is no source of water here and water will have to be piped over a distance of 30 km,"
As of February 2012, the land was allocated to the INO collaboration by the government of Tamil Nadu and the excavation work was about to start. Naba K.Mondal, chief spokesperson of INO project and a senior scientist at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai, told The Hindu that the pre-project work will start in April, 2012 and Rs.66 crores has been sanctioned for the work. The first task will be to have a road connectivity from Rasingapuram to Pottipuram village. The project is expected to be completed in 2015 at an estimated cost of $250 million.
On September 18, 2012, Kerala’s octogenarian Opposition leader and CPI(M) central committee member VS Achuthanandan expressed anxiety over establishing a neutrino observatory on the Theni-Idukki border between Tamil Nadu and Kerala, citing environmental and radiological issues. Soon the INO collaboration clarified on all the issues raised by him and the responses are on the INO website.
Participating Institutes.
Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) spelling out the operational aspects of the project and the mode of utilisation of available funds was signed by seven primary project partners: Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR), Mumbai, Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC), Mumbai, Institute of Mathematical Sciences (IMSc), Chennai, Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics (SINP), Kolkata, Variable Energy Cyclotron Centre (VECC), Kolkata, Harish Chandra Research Institute (HRI), Allahabad and Institute of Physics (IOP), Bhubaneswar.
Thirteen other project participants include: Aligarh University, Aligarh, Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi, Calcutta University (CU), Kolkata, Delhi University (DU), Delhi, University of Hawaii (UHW), Hawaii, Himachal Pradesh University (HPU), Shimla, Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay (IITB), Mumbai, Indira Gandhi Centre for Atomic Research (IGCAR), Kalpakkam, North Bengal University (NBU), Siliguri, Panjab University (PU), Chandigarh, Physical Research Laboratory(PRL), Ahmedabad, Sálim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History (SACON), Tamil Nadu and Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology, Sikkim.
Design.
The primary research instrument will consist of a 50,000 ton magnetized iron particle physics calorimeter with glass Resistive Plate Chamber (RPC) technology as the sensor elements.
The INO design is mostly based on the monolith experiment that could not go beyond the proposal Stage. The detector was expected to start collecting data in the year 2012. The location of INO has attracted a lot of attention from the neutrino physics community as the distance between INO and CERN is very close to "Magic Baseline" - a distance at which the effect of the CP phase on the measurement of formula_1 is minimal. The project has been hit by lack of skilled man power and opposition by environmentalists. In 2008, INO started a graduate training program leading to Ph.D. Degree in High Energy Physics and Astronomy to deal with the shortage of particle physicists. 
The Primary goals of the INO are the following
The INO detector consists of thick Iron plates as passive material, with RPCs in between as active material.
A prototype of the INO detector with 14 layers, measuring 1m x 1m x 1m is already operational in the VECC, Kolkata. The 35 ton prototype is set up over ground to track cosmic muons.
Location.
The location of the site was supposed to be Singara southwest of Masinagudi in the Nilgiri Hills of South India. The site has been changed due to protests from environmental groups. The INO will now be built at Bodi West Hills in Theni district, southern India.

</doc>
<doc id="18376213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376213" title="UCSF Mission Bay Station">
UCSF Mission Bay Station

The UCSF Mission Bay Station also known as the Gene Friend Way station is a light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at South Street in Mission Bay, San Francisco, California. This station serves the hub of biotech in this district of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="18376215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376215" title="Church of St. Mary of Blachernae (Istanbul)">
Church of St. Mary of Blachernae (Istanbul)

Saint Mary of Blachernae (full name in Greek: Θεοτòκος τών Βλαχερνών (pr. "Theotókos tón Blachernón"); Turkish name: "Meryem Ana Kilisesi") is an Eastern Orthodox church in Istanbul. The little edifice, built in 1867, got the same dedication as the shrine erected in this place in the fifth century which, until its destruction in 1434, was one of the most important sanctuaries of Greek Orthodoxy.
Location.
The church is located in Istanbul, in the district of Fatih, in the neighbourhood of Ayvansaray, along "Mustafa Paşa Bostanı Sokak". It lies a few hundred meters inside the walled city, at a short distance from the shore of the Golden Horn. The building is protected by a high wall, and preceded by a garden.
History.
In 450, Empress Aelia Pulcheria started to build a church near a fountain of holy water () situated outside the walls of Theodosius II at the foot of the sixth hill of Constantinople. After her death in 453, the shrine was completed by her husband, Emperor Marcian.
Emperor Leo I erected near the church two other buildings: a parekklesion, named "Hagia Soros" ("holy reliquary"), since it hosted the holy mantle and robe of the Virgin brought from Palestine in 473, and the "Hagion Lousma" ("sacred bath") edifice, which enclosed the fountain.
The importance assumed by the whole complex encouraged the Emperors to lodge in the surroundings and to build there the nucleus of what would in later centuries become the imperial palace of Blachernae. During the first quarter of the 6th century, Emperors Justin I and Justinian I restored and enlarged the church.
Saint Mary hosted a famous icon of the Virgin, named after the church "Blachernitissa". It was painted on wood and revetted with gold and silver. This icon and the relics of the Virgin kept in the parekklesion were considered by the Byzantines as most powerful talismans, useful during a war or in case of natural disasters. The first proof of the power of these objects came in 626. During that year Constantinople was besieged by the combined armies of the Avars and the Persians, while Emperor Heraclius was away, fighting the Persians in Mesopotamia. The son of the Emperor, Constantine, together with Patriarch Sergius and Patrician Bonus carried in procession along the ramparts the icon of the Blachernitissa. Some time later the fleet of the Avars was destroyed. The Khan of the Avars afterwards said that he had been frightened by the vision of a young woman adorned with jewels scouring the walls.
After the end of the siege, the Byzantines learned with joy that the building of the church, which at that time lay outside the Walls, was the only one not to have been plundered by the invaders. When the victorious Heraclius came back to Constantinople, bringing back the True Cross which had been captured by the Persians in Jerusalem, the Patriarch received him at Saint Mary. Sometime later, the Emperor built a single wall to protect the church, thus enclosing in the City the suburb of Blachernae.
The protection of the Virgin of the Blachernae was also credited with the Byzantine victories during the Arab siege of 717-718, and in 860, during the invasion of the Rus'. In this occasion, the Veil of the Virgin ("maphorion"), which by that time had joined the other relics in the church, was shortly plunged in the sea to invoke the protection of God on the fleet. Some days later the Rus' fleet was destroyed. In 926 too, during the war against Simeon of Bulgaria, the potency of the relics of the Virgin helped convince the Bulgarian Tsar to negotiate with the Byzantines instead of assaulting the City.
On August 15, 944, the church received other two important objects: the letter written by King Abgar V of Edessa to Jesus and the Mandylion. Both relics were then moved to the Church of the Virgin of the Pharos.
St. Mary, being a centre of the worship of the Images, played also an important role in the religious fights of the Byzantines. During the Iconoclastic period, the final session of the Council of Hieria, where the cult of the images was condemned, took place in the church. As a consequence of that decision, Emperor Constantine V ordered the mosaics of the interior destroyed, and substituted them with others representing natural scenes with trees, birds and animals. On that occasion the Icon of the Blachernitissa was also hidden under a layer of silvery mortar. In 843, with the end of Iconoclasm, the Feast of Orthodoxy was celebrated for the first time in the church of Blachernae with an "Agrypnia" ("holy Vigil"), which occurred on the first Sunday of Lent.
The Blachernitissa was discovered again during restoration works executed during the reign of Romanos III Argyros, and became again one of the most venerated icons of Constantinople. The Church of Saint Mary was completely destroyed during a fire in 1070, and was rebuilt by Romanos IV Diogenes and Michael VII Doukas respecting the old plan.
According to Anna Komnene, the so-called "habitual miracle" () occurred in the church before the Icon of the Virgin Blachernitissa. On Friday after sunset, when the church was empty, the veil which covered the icon moved up slowly, revealing the face of the Virgin, while 24 hours later it fell again slowly. Anyway, the miracle did not occur regularly, and ceased completely after the Latin conquest of the City.
After the Latin invasion of 1204, the church was occupied by the Latin clergy and placed directly under the Holy See. Already before the end of the Latin Empire, John III Doukas Vatatzes redeemed the church and many monasteries for the Orthodox clergy in exchange for money.
On February 29, 1434, some noble children who were hunting pigeons on the roof of the church accidentally started a fire, which destroyed the whole complex and the surrounding quarter. The area was largely neglected during the Ottoman period. In 1867, the Guild of the Orthodox furriers bought the parcel around the holy fountain, and build there a small church.
Description.
The religious complex of Blachernae comprised three edifices: The Church of Saint Mary, the Chapel of the reliquary ("Hagia Soros"), and the Sacred Bath ("Hagion Lousma").
The church proper, defined by all the sources as "large" ("megas naos"), was of basilica type, with the space divided into three aisles by two colonnades. This plan is similar to that of other churches of the early type in Constantinople like St. John of Stoudios. It had a rectangular plan with sides of 96 m and 36 m. Justinian apparently built a dome on the church, since Procopius, in his work "De Edificiis", mentions that both colonnades bent in the middle of the nave describing a semicircle. Emperor Justin II added the two side arms, giving to the plan the appearance of a cross. The reconstruction of 1070 possibly respected this plan. The Spanish ambassador Ruy Gonzáles de Clavijo, who visited Constantinople in 1402, writes that the building was divided into three aisles, with the central higher than the flanking ones. The columns were made of green Jasper, while the capitals and the bases of the columns were gilded and carved in white marble. The church by that time had no dome anymore, but a multicoloured compartmented ceiling, decorated with golden garlands.
The walls at that time were covered with coloured marble panels, while originally a silvery mortar was used. Near the middle of the nave, there was a silver ambon, while at the end lied a rich iconostasis surrounded by sculptures. On the upper part of the walls, there were mosaics representing the miracles of Christ and several episodes of his life up to his Ascension. To the church belonged also tribunes and an oratory. The shrine communicated through a porticus and a stairway with the imperial Palace of Blachernae, which – lying on the slope of the hill – overlooked it.
On the right of the church lied the "parekklesion" of the "Hagia Soros", which contained the dress and robe of the Virgin. The veil and a part of her belt (now at Vatopedi monastery on Mount Athos), were later also kept there. The building was round and had a narthex and tribunes. An icon of the Virgin donated by Emperor Leo I and his wife Verina was also worshipped there. On its right was kept the casket – adorned with gold and silver – which contained the relics. They were rescued from the Latin occupation, and after the restoration of the Empire were kept in the church, but were all destroyed during the fire of 1434.
The "bath" where the Emperor immersed himself comprised three parts: the robing room where he undressed, the "kolymbos" (pool for immersion) and the hall of Saint Photinos. It lay to the right of the parekklesion, and communicated with it through a door. The pool consisted of a large room surmounted by a dome with the basin in the middle. It was adorned with icons, and the water poured in the basin from the hands of a marble statue of the Virgin. An Image of Saint Photinos decorated the centre of the dome. Each year, on August 15 (the feast of Dormition), after the adoration of the Maphorion (holy veil) of the Virgin, the Emperor plunged three times in the sacred pool.
The small church which today encloses the Hagiasma has a trapezoidal plan with sloping roof, and is adorned with icons and frescoes. It is oriented in northwest-southeast direction. The holy fountain, which is believed to have healing powers, is always a favourite destination for Orthodox and Muslim pilgrims, who pour in the pool coins and hair pins. The pilgrim can also ritually wash his eyes at a line of faucets. Above them a modern palindrome inscription says: "Nipson anomemata me monan opsin" (Greek: "Wash the sins not only the eyes"). The water falls into an underground gallery, which according to a tradition links the Hagiasma with that in Balıklı. The church is run by an episkopos and two papades. Each Friday morning the Akathist Hymn, composed by Patriarch Sergius during the Siege of 626, is sung there. Since the nearby area is not urbanized, it would be possible to explore it in order to understand more about the ancient complex.

</doc>
<doc id="18376216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376216" title="Nicole Sawaya">
Nicole Sawaya

Nicole Sawaya is the Lebanese-American former Executive Director of the Pacifica Radio Network. 
Sawaya started her career as a news reporter before moving into radio management. 
Moving from San Francisco to Anderson Valley in Mendocino County, Nicole was also for a period in the 1990s Program Director at community radio station KZYX-KZYZ, Philo, CA.
In July 1999 she was controversially fired as general manager of KPFA-FM, the first public radio station in the US and the flagship station of the Pacifica Network. This led to what has been called the Pacifica Crisis, which involved the largest demonstrations seen in Berkeley, California, since the end of the Vietnam War, more than 10,000 people marching to demand community control of KPFA. She was hired by Pacifica as Executive Director of the network on September 30, 2007, commencing work in November. She resigned in early December 2007 due to the "level of internecine dysfunction.". She resumed the Executive Director position on March 5, 2008, taking over from interim ED Dan Siegel.

</doc>
<doc id="18376224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376224" title="Kongji and Patzzi">
Kongji and Patzzi

Kongji and Patzzi (Hangul: 콩쥐 팥쥐, also romanized as "Kongjwi and Patjwi") is a traditional Korean romance dating from the Joseon Dynasty. It is the story of humble Kongji's triumph over adversity. The moral of the story is that good people who think positively and work hard will be happy, as in the proverb "heaven helps those who help themselves."
Plot summary.
A childless couple was granted with a very beautiful baby girl whom they named Kongji. Her mother died when Kongji was 100 days old. She grew up with her father. The man remarried again when Kongji was fourteen years old. To replace his wife, he found a cruel widow who had a very ugly daughter named Patzzi. Her father died eventually. From that time on-wards, the stepmother and Patzzi treated Kongji very unfairly. They starved her, dressed her in rags and forced her to do all the dirtiest work in the house. 
One day, the stepmother forced Kongji to plow a field with a wooden hoe. The hoe soon broke, leaving Kongji in tears, for fear that her step-mother would beat her again. A cow appeared and comforted her. He plowed the field in her place, and sent Kongji home with a basket of apples, a gift from the cow. Her stepmother accused her of stealing the apples and gave the entire basket to Patzzi. And she refused to give Kongji her supper. 
The next day, the stepmother gave Kongji enormous pot with a hole in the bottom. She has to fill it with water before she and Patzzi return home from town. Kongji kept bringing baskets of water but the pot was never filled. The water leaks out from the hole. A turtle appeared and blocked the hole for her. With his help, Kongji filled the pot with water. The stepmother was even angrier. She spanked Kongji black and blue. 
After a time, the King announced that he is looking for a wife. A dance will be given in his honor, to which every maiden must attend. Kongji and Patzzi are invited. The stepmother was hopeful that Patzzi would be the lucky one, but was afraid that Kongji would spoil her own daughter's chance. Before they left, the stepmother gave Kongji a huge sack of rice to hull, which she must accomplish before they return from the dance. Kongji asked for help from the heavens, and a flock of sparrows appeared and hulled the rice. A fairy came down from heaven and dressed Kongji in a beautiful gown and a delicate pair of colorful shoes. She was transported to the palace by four men in a magnificent palanquin. Kongji hurried towards the dance.
Everyone admired her because of her beauty. The King went to her to ask her name. But when Kongji saw her stepmother and stepsister among the guests, she fled with terror. Patzzi remarked to her mother that the strange girl looks like her Kongji. As Kongji crossed a bridge, she tripped. One of her shoes fell into the stream. The King found the shoe and vowed to marry the woman it belonged to. Servants tried the shoe on every woman in the land, until they arrived in Kongji's village. It fit no one except Kongji. She was the last to try the shoe. Then she produced her clothes and the other pair of her shoes. The King and Kongji were married.
Patzzi was jealous of Kongji's marriage and drowned her in a river. Patzzi disguised herself as Kongji to live with the King. Kongji's spirit would haunt anyone in the river. A brave man confronted her ghost and she told him everything. The man reported this to the King, and the King went into the river. Instead of a dead body, he retrieved a golden lotus. He kissed the lotus and it was changed back into Kongji.
The King sentenced Patzzi to death and had the servants make sauce from her body. They sent it to the stepmother. The stepmother ate the sauce greedily, mistaking it as a gift from her daughter. A cock had revealed everything to her. When she learned of Patzzi's death, Kongji's stepmother fell into a faint from which she never awoke.
Features.
The legend of Kongji and Patzzi was passed down orally for many generations before it was first recorded, producing numerous regional variations. For example, some versions of the story cast a frog in place of the turtle as Kongji's helper, while others have been reduced to the Cinderella-esque first portion. Although the first part of the story shares elements with the Western fairy tale Cinderella, the traditional Korean belief of "kwon seon jing ak" (권선징악, the importance of encouraging virtue and punishing vice) pervades the traditional tale, coming to fruition with the deserved deaths of Kongji's stepmother and stepsister in the second part of the story.
Setting.
Although the story itself contains fantastic elements, its setting is believed to be the real-life village of Dunsan, Keumgu Township, Gimje-si (김제시 금구면 둔산마을). Both Dunsan village and the village in which the novel "Kongji and Patzzi" is set are shaped like a cow. The turtle which blocked the hole in Kongji's pot is associated with Dunsan's turtle rock. People say that Kongji dropped her shoes in Duwol (두월) brook outside Dunsan.
Adaptations.
Composer: Kim Dai-Hyun (1917 ~), 『 Kongji Patji 』 4 Acts
First Performance :1951. 12. 20. Busan Theater. 
Length : 2hours 30minutes 
"Heavy-metal Kongji" by Cherry Filter
"Kongjwi Patjwi" (1958), directed by Yun Bong-Chun.
"Kongjwi Patjwi" (1967), directed by Jo Keung-Ha.
"My Love Patzzi" (2006–2007), produced by Lee Jin-Suk.
"All My Love" (2010–2011), produced by Kwon Ik Joon

</doc>
<doc id="18376249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376249" title="Pine Hill (Barnstable County, Massachusetts)">
Pine Hill (Barnstable County, Massachusetts)

Pine Hill, in Bourne, Massachusetts, United States, is the highest point in Barnstable County and, by extension, Cape Cod. At , it is almost twice as high as Dennis's 160-foot (53 m) Scargo Hill, sometimes thought to be the highest on the peninsula, among other local favorites.
It is located off Frank Perkins Road, within the Camp Edwards portion of the Massachusetts Military Reservation. Access to it is restricted, not only because it is on a military facility but because it lies at the rear of an artillery range.
Natural history and geography.
The hill is part of the Buzzards Bay Moraine, created over ten thousand years ago by retreating glaciers at the end of the last ice age. It is two miles (3.2 km) inland from Buzzards Bay itself and a mile from Massachusetts Route 28. The area is distinguished by sandy soil, bouldery till and an abundance of the pitch pine that gives the hill its name. Lower, hummocky hills and a few small glacial ponds make up the surrounding landscape.
The hill was noted as a prominent feature of the Cape Cod landscape as early as 1874, when it was still part of the town of Sandwich (Bourne would not be created for another ten years). Military use of the surrounding area began in 1911; in 1935 the state created and began building the Massachusetts Military Reservation complex after the Massachusetts National Guard outgrew Fort Devens. Other than the road near it, the Pine Hill area has remained mostly undeveloped. Then-governor Paul Cellucci wanted to convert the area into a state conservation area in 1999, but dropped the plan after the Guard objected.
Approach.
Members of the public may visit Pine Hill, but must arrange advance permission through the base's Public Affairs Office (PAO) and show identification when visiting the base. These requirements were in place before the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, but have been more rigorously enforced since then.
A PAO escort leads visitors over several miles of roads to a range station on a rise near the hill. From there it is a short walk down Frank Perkins to a narrow road leading up a gentle slope an even shorter distance to the summit of Pine Hill, a small clearing with a USGS benchmark set in a small concrete monument at the middle marking the elevation. It is necessary to stay on the road and path because of the possibility of unexploded ordnance in the woods. Surveying and meteorological research equipment is sometimes located at the summit. Any view is obscured by surrounding trees.

</doc>
<doc id="18376252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376252" title="Ragged Island (Nunavut)">
Ragged Island (Nunavut)

Ragged Island is an uninhabited island, and a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut. Located in Eclipse Sound at the mouth of Milne Inlet, it is an irregularly shaped island off the Baffin Island coast.

</doc>
<doc id="18376258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376258" title="Sanage Station">
Sanage Station

History.
Sanage Station was opened on October 31, 1924, as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway. The line was extended from Sanage to Shidare Station in 1927, and to Nishi-Nakagane Station in 1928. This extension was discontinued on April 1, 2004. The current station building was completed in 1932. The Mikawa Railway was merged with Meitetsu on June 1, 1941.
Layout.
Sanage Station has a single island platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad
 

</doc>
<doc id="18376259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376259" title="Mariposa Station">
Mariposa Station

The Mariposa Station is a light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at Mariposa Street in Mission Bay, San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18376261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376261" title="Igorot Revolt">
Igorot Revolt

The Igorot Revolt was a religious revolt in 1601 against Spanish attempts to Christianize the Igorot people of northern Luzon, in the Philippines. Governor-General Francisco de Tello de Guzmán sent Captain Aranda with Spanish and Filipino colonial troops. The Spaniards were determined to convert the Igorots to Christianity. They launched a crusade to proselytize the highland natives of Luzon and to place them under Spanish Authorities. A strong expedition was sent to the Igorotland to stop the natives from resisting colonial subjugation. However, the Spaniards were only able to gain nominal political and military control over them.

</doc>
<doc id="18376269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376269" title="Dimiracetam">
Dimiracetam

Dimiracetam is a nootropic drug of the racetam family, derivatives of which may have application in the treatment of neuropathic pain.

</doc>
<doc id="18376270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376270" title="Leung Chin-man">
Leung Chin-man

Leung Chin-man JP (, born 1946) is a retired senior civil servant in the Government of Hong Kong the former Permanent Secretary for Housing, Planning and Lands.
Government career.
Leung first joined the Immigration Department in October 1966, and joined the Administrative Service in October 1976.
Leung served as Director of Community Relations of the ICAC from July 1988 to May 1991; Deputy Secretary for Constitutional Affairs from May 1991 to July 1994. He was posted to Toronto in July 1994 to be the Director of the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office. On his return from Canada, he was made Deputy Secretary for Housing from September 1997 to August 1999 and Director of Buildings from August 1999 to June 2002. In July 2002, Leung became Permanent Secretary for Housing, Planning and Lands (Housing).
Leung took leave from the civil service on 28 November 2005, ceased active service in January 2006, and retired officially on 10 January 2007. Leung was appointed Justice of the Peace on 1 July 2007. Since retiring, Leung was appointed Director or mainland-based Fineland Real Estate Holding, and PuraPharm International HK
Controversies.
Hung Hom Peninsula housing estate.
While Leung was Director of Housing, the government sold a disused but never previously occupied Private Sector Participation Scheme project. The Hung Hom Peninsula project was sold for a below-market land premium of HK$864 million to New World Development (NWD), who subsequently sold off half share to Sun Hung Kai Properties. In 2004, the consortium announced the demolition of these buildings to make way for luxury apartments. The huge popular outcry about this needless destruction of "perfectly good buildings" to satisfy "corporate greed" resulted in an unprecedented about-turn: the developers withdrew the plan on 10 December 2004.
Grand Promenade development.
Henderson Land Development won a tender for a site in Sai Wan Ho for "Grand Promenade" with a land premium of HK$2.43 billion in January 2001. Six months later, the developer successfully applied for and was granted permission to exclude the public transport terminus from the gross floor area in its building plan. Leung had exempted the area of a public transport terminus in the gross floor area calculation of the development. The effect was to allow the addition of 10,700 square meters to the project and doubling the number of apartments from 1,008 to 2,020, costing the government HK$125 million in lost revenue. A November 2005 Audit Commission report criticised Leung for having exercised his discretionary power before conferring with other government departments, thus handing the developer additional revenues of HK$3.2 billion in exchange for a land premium of $6 million. Leung tabled a judicial review. The two sides reached a deal in May 2006 when the Commissioner dropped legal proceedings, and Leung abandoned his judicial review. The government drew fire for dropping its case.
Post-civil service appointment.
In July 2008, Leung was named deputy managing director and executive director of New World China Land, subsidiary of NWD. After a 12-month 'sterilisation period' after retirement, Leung submitted an application to the government on 9 May for approval to take up employment with New World China Land. The Secretary for the Civil Service, Denise Yue Chung-yee, signed off on the approval for him to take up the job after his request passed through the vetting committee.
There was uproar amidst widespread suspicion among members of the public that job offer was a "quid pro quo" for the favours he apparently granted to NWD in 2004. Controversies surrounded not only the suspicions of Leung's own conflict of interest, but also of the insensitivity of the committee which recommended the approval for him to take up his new job with a HK$3.12 million pay packet less than two years after his official retirement. New World argued that they hired Leung in good faith after government clearance.
On 15 August, the Civil Service Bureau admitted that it had not considered Leung's role in the Hung Hom Peninsula affair when approving his appointment. Donald Tsang asked the SCS to reassess the approval, and submit a report to him.
NWD announced in the early hours of 16 August that Leung had resigned from his post. Leung professed his "shock" to learn that officials had not considered his role in the Hung Hom Peninsula sale, and said he would not be seeking compensation from the government, for its "inappropriate handling". The Secretary for the Civil Service apologised for the poor handling of the case, which seriously undermined the authority and credibility of the Civil Service Bureau.

</doc>
<doc id="18376277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376277" title="Hiratobashi Station">
Hiratobashi Station

History.
Hiratobashi Station was opened on October 31, 1924, as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway. The Mikawa Railway was merged with Meitetsu on June 1, 1941. The station has been unattended since April 1, 1967.
Layout.
Hiratobashi Station has a single side platform built on a curve. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376289" title="Koshido Station">
Koshido Station

History.
Koshido Station was opened on January 17, 1922, as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway. The Mikawa Railway was merged with Meitetsu on June 1, 1941. The station has been unattended since 1970. The tracks were elevated in December 2000 and a new station building was completed at that time.
Layout.
Koshido Station has two opposed side platforms. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376291" title="20th Street Station">
20th Street Station

The 20th Street Station is a light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at 20th Street in Mission Bay, San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18376302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376302" title="Toyotashi Station">
Toyotashi Station

History.
Toyotashi Station was opened on November 11, 1920, as on the privately owned Mikawa Railway. The Mikawa Railway was merged with Meitetsu on June 1, 1941. The station was renamed to its present name on October 1, 1959. The station building was rebuilt in 1961. The tracks were elevated in 1985 and a new station building was completed at that time.
Layout.
Toyotashi Station has one side platform and one island platform. Track 2 deadheads at Platform 2.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376305" title="Curry Island">
Curry Island

Curry Island is an irregularly shaped, uninhabited island located in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. It is located in Eclipse Sound at the mouth of White Bay, off of Baffin Island.

</doc>
<doc id="18376306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376306" title="23rd Street (SF Muni station)">
23rd Street (SF Muni station)

The 23rd Street Station is a light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at 23rd Street in Bayview, San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18376328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376328" title="Uwagoromo Station">
Uwagoromo Station

History.
Uwagoromo Station was opened on August 31, 1920, as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway. On December 18, 1929, the Okazaki Line began operations to the station. The Mikawa Railway was merged with Meitetsu on June 1, 1941. Operations of the Okazaki Line (renamed the Koromo Line) were discontinued on March 4, 1973. The station has been unattended since June 16, 2001.
Layout.
Uwagoromo Station has a single island platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376342" title="Andy Walker (footballer born 1981)">
Andy Walker (footballer born 1981)

Andrew William 'Andy' Walker is an English footballer who currently plays for Isthmian League Division One North side Thurrock.
Career.
Walker played professionally for both Colchester United and Exeter City and has also had a stint at Doncaster Rovers. Walker has also played for St Albans City, Tonbridge Angels, Wingate & Finchley and Bromley before joining Maidstone United in the summer of 2008. He spent a year at Maidstone, winning the Supporters Player of the Year in the process, before joining Billericay due to budget cuts at the Stones. He rejoined Maidstone on a month loan in February 2010 before the deal was made permanent in March 2010, and again won the Supporters Player of the Year for the 2010-11 season. In June 2011 Walker left Maidstone to join Cray Wanderers, with the player citing Maidstone's relegation to the Isthmian League Division One South as his reason for leaving the club.

</doc>
<doc id="18376343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376343" title="Tobias Nickenig">
Tobias Nickenig

Tobias Nickenig (born 1 August 1984, in Neuwied) is a German footballer who currently plays as a defender for FC Erzgebirge Aue.
Career.
In the 2005–06 season, Nickenig was called up for the first team of 1. FC Köln where he received little playing time and was eventually loaned out to Sportfreunde Siegen in the winter transfer window. He left 1. FC Köln on 13 January 2009 and moved to Liechtenstein based club FC Vaduz of the Swiss Super League. After he was released on 1 July 2009 from FC Vaduz he signed on 9 July 2009 a one-year contract with VfL Osnabrück.

</doc>
<doc id="18376344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376344" title="Tsuchihashi Station">
Tsuchihashi Station

History.
Tsuchihashi Station was opened on July 5, 1920, as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway. The Mikawa Railway was merged with Meitetsu on June 1, 1941. All freight operations were discontinued in December 1983. A new station building was completed in 1994, and expanded in 2010.
Layout.
Tsuchihashi Station has one elevated side platform and one elevated island platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376360" title="Utah State Route 226">
Utah State Route 226

State Route 226 (SR-226) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah, connecting the Snowbasin ski resort with SR-167.
Route description.
SR-226 begins at the entrance to Snowbasin, which is located on the east slope of the Wasatch Range near Mount Ogden in the Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest. It heads south and ascends slightly to the former main entrance (now overflow parking), where it curves east and follows the north slope of the ridge that separates the Ogden and Weber River watersheds, slowly descending to the end at SR-167 (New Trappers Loop Road). The road is two lanes with wide shoulders.
History.
The state legislature created SR-226 in 1941, two years after Snowbasin opened. The initial route descended the mountain to the northeast with a number of hairpin curves, ending at SR-39 southwest of Huntsville in the Ogden Valley. A second route - State Route 227 - was to split from SR-226 and follow Wheeler Creek northwest to SR-39 near the Pineview Dam, creating a shortcut between the Wasatch Front and Snowbasin, but this was never built and was removed from the state highway system in 1953. In order to provide better access to the resort for the 2002 Winter Olympics, the state built a new access road from SR-167 (itself recent construction) west to Snowbasin, transferring the old road (except where incorporated into the new road, between the old and new main entrances) to Weber County in 2001.
Major intersections.
The entire route is in unincorporated Weber County.

</doc>
<doc id="18376361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376361" title="Takemura Station">
Takemura Station

History.
Takemura Station was opened on July 5, 1920, as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway. The Mikawa Railway was merged with Meitetsu on June 1, 1941.
Layout.
Takemura Station has a single island platform. The station is unmanned.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad
 

</doc>
<doc id="18376362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376362" title="Luciano Fabián Monzón">
Luciano Fabián Monzón

Luciano Fabián Monzón (born 13 April 1987 in Granadero Baigorria) is an Argentine football defender currently playing for Calcio Catania in the Italian Serie A.
Club career.
Boca Juniors.
Born in Granadero Baigorria, Monzón began his professional career with Boca Juniors in 2007 after being promoted out of the club's youth academy. He made his Boca Juniors debut during the 2008 Clausura tournament in Boca Juniors, and was a surprise choice for the Argentina squad for the 2008 Olympic Games later that year. This doubt was put to rest as Monzón started every match as the team went on to win gold.
Unsurprisingly, after Monzón's performance at the Olympics he moved to Europe to play for Real Betis in La Liga for a reported €9 million after being linked with a move to German side, Hamburg since the Olympics had begun. It was later revealed that Monzón had moved on a loan deal with the option to purchase the player outright in the summer of 2009. Monzón scored his first goal with Betis on his debut against FC Barcelona at the Camp Nou on 24 September 2008, however, Real Betis eventually lost the game 3–2.
Monzón returned to Boca after his loan deal with Betis ran out in July 2009. Upon his return he revealed his remarkably low wage compared to other stars at Boca.
In his first season back with Boca, Monzón earned a regular playing time for his native club, playing in 23 league matches, with 2 goals. In August 2010, after his first season back in Argentina, he had two failed transfer attempts. First, he failed to move to Ukrainian side Dnipro due to a congenital heart condition and a few days later a second transfer was cancelled, this time to Serie A team Udinese, admittedly by differences in payment method. Despite the failed transfer attempts, Monzón continued to feature for the club, making 20 league appearances during the 2010-11 campaign, which ultimately would be his last at the club, before finally completing a permanent transfer to Europe with French side, OGC Nice.
OGC Nice.
On 11 July 2011 Monzón signed a 4-year contract with OGC Nice in the French Ligue 1. Monzón made his debut for Nice on 6 August 2011, in a 1-3 home loss against Lyon. During his one and only season in Nice, he was a regular feature in the club's starting lineup, managing 34 league appearances, marked with 8 goals, a great performance for a left defender. Monzón was set to begin the 2012-13 season with Nice, before completing a late transfer to Lyon on 26 August 12. His final match for Nice came on the opening matchday of the 2012-13 season: a 0-1 home defeat to Ajaccio on 11 August 2012. 
Olympique Lyonnais.
On 26 August 2012, Monzón officially was unveiled as a new signining for 7-time French champions Olympique Lyonnais on a 4-year contract. Monzón was purchased by the club to replace Aly Cissokho who signed for Valencia earlier in the summer. The transfer fee was worth €3 million with bonus variables of up to €1 million. With Lyon, the player began the season as a first team regular before losing his place in the team sheet after just 5 league appearances. Goal.com named Monzón as the worst transfer signing of the 2012-13 season.
On 9 January 2013, Monzón signed a 6-month loan deal with Brazilian national champions Fluminense in order to replace Thiago Carleto who returned to São Paulo. He returned to Lyon on 16 July 2013 before being sold to Serie A side Catania.
Calcio Catania.
On 16 July 2013, Monzón officially signed for Calcio Catania in the Italian Serie A on a four-year contract

</doc>
<doc id="18376380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376380" title="Marin Street Station">
Marin Street Station

The Marin Street Station is a light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at Marin Street in Bayview, San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18376384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376384" title="Walter Bache">
Walter Bache

Walter Bache (; 19 June 184226 March 1888) was an English pianist and conductor noted for his championing the music of Franz Liszt and other music of the New German School in England. He studied privately with Liszt in Italy from 1863 to 1865, one of the few students allowed to do so, and continued to attend Liszt's master classes in Weimar, Germany regularly until 1885, even after embarking on a solo career. This period of study was unparalleled by any other student of Liszt and led to a particularly close bond between Bache and Liszt. After initial hesitation on the part of English music critics because he was a Liszt pupil, Bache was publicly embraced for his keyboard prowess, even as parts of his repertoire were questioned.
Bache's major accomplishment was the establishment of Liszt's music in England, to which he selflessly devoted himself between 1865 and his death in 1888. This was at the height of the War of the Romantics, when conservative and liberal musical factions openly argued about the future of classical music and the merits of the compositions written in their respective schools. Bache featured several of the orchestral and choral works through an annual series of concerts, which he single-handedly funded, organised and promoted. Likewise, he played an annual series of solo recitals that incorporated Liszt's piano music.
Bache's strategy for presenting these works was one of familiarity. He performed two-piano arrangements of Liszt's orchestral works prior to the debuts of the original versions, and performed some of Liszt's symphonic poems shortly after they had been premiered at the Crystal Palace. He also provided informative, scholarly program notes, written by leading musical analysts and intimates in the Liszt circle. The English musical press, while generally hostile to the music he presented, noted and appreciated Bache's efforts. Liszt remained grateful; without Bache, he acknowledged, his music might not have gained the foothold that it did.
Life.
Early years.
Bache was born in Birmingham, the second-oldest son of well-known Unitarian minister Samuel Bache, who ran a private school in conjunction with his wife, Emily Higginson. His older brother, Francis Edward Bache, was a composer and organist, while his sister, Constance Bache, was a composer, pianist and teacher who would write a joint biography of both brothers under the title "Brother Musicians". He received some rudimentary musical education at his father's school, but remained a carefree, undistinguished and funloving child until he followed in Edward's footsteps. Like Edward, he studied with Birmingham City Organist James Stimpson and in August 1858, aged 16, he travelled to Germany to attend the Leipzig Conservatory. His father was supposed to accompany him to the university, but was detained at the bedside of Edward, who was dying of consumption. Undeterred, he made the journey on his own, an early indication of his independence.
In Leipzig, Bache studied piano with Ignaz Moscheles and composition with Carl Reinecke. He also became friends with a fellow student, Arthur Sullivan, who, he wrote, "cannot play well, but ... has written some things which I think show great talent." Another fellow student Bache knew well, though they were not especially close, was Edvard Grieg. While the city was reportedly past the halcyon days it had experienced under Mendelssohn, it proved valuable for exposing Bache to artists such as Pauline Viardot, Giulia Grisi, Joseph Joachim and Henri Vieuxtemps, and to the music of Beethoven, Bellini, Chopin, Moritz Hauptmann and Mendelssohn. He applied himself to his piano studies, but by his own admission wasted much time in Leipzig and lacked direction. In "Brother Musicians", Constance quotes "a musician of high standing" who was one of his circle of friends (possibly Sullivan or the pianist Franklin Taylor), who explained, "You see in Leipzig nobody was compelled to work, there being no particular supervision; and there was always plenty to do, in the way of amusement, for the less energetic. As far as my recollection goes Bache was at that time rather given to working by fits and starts, frequently making excellent resolutions, the effect of which did not last many days."
Upon completing his piano studies in December 1861, the 19-year-old Bache travelled to Italy, staying in Milan and Florence with the intent of soaking in Italian culture before returning to England. In Florence he met Jessie Laussot, "who had founded of a flourishing musical society in the city ... and was intimately acquainted with Liszt, Wagner, Hans von Bülow and other leading musicians." While Laussot remained kindly disposed towards Bache, she also quickly summed up his overly easy-going character and decided to help him. She encouraged him to teach harmony as well as piano, then arranged a harmony class that met early in the morning some ways out of town so that he would not oversleep. She eased his way into polite society and also suggested, after hearing him play at several local concerts, that he travel to Rome and seek out Liszt. However, she insisted that he do so without any introduction from her, as she wanted Liszt to judge him solely on his own merits.
Studies with Liszt.
Bache arrived in Rome in June 1862. After some initial confusion (Liszt mistook Bache, who was nervous and tongue-tied, for someone wanting to borrow money) Liszt made Bache welcome. Two or three impromptu lessons followed, along with some chamber music appearances, thanks to Liszt's recommendation. Eventually, Liszt suggested that, if Bache were willing to move to Rome the following year, he would take him on as a regular student. Considering this "the greatest possible advantage I could have", Bache wrote to Constance,
I hope I have not exaggerated in talking about Liszt; he won't make me anything wonderful, so that I can come home and set the Thames on fire—not at all, so don't expect it; "but"—his readings or interpretations are greater and higher than anyone else's; if I can spend some time with him and go through a good deal of music with him, I shall pick up at least a great deal of his ideas;... The two or three lessons I had of him this summer showed me what an immensity I might learn.
After a visit to Birmingham, Bache moved to Rome in 1863 and lived there the next two years. While there he received private lessons from Liszt, one of the few pupils thus privileged; most of Liszt's students attended only his master classes. He also heard Liszt play his own music on many occasions in private homes, including a then-rare performance of the Piano Sonata in B minor. Liszt helped him prepare for several public concerts in Rome and encouraged him to learn some difficult pieces that Bache initially felt unable to play; these pieces included Liszt's transcriptions of Gounod's "Faust" Waltz and Meyerbeer's "Patineurs" Waltz from his opera "Le prophète". These lessons, the kindness that Liszt continually showed, and Bache's exposure to Liszt in general, became a life-defining experience. Liszt expected him to work hard and Bache applied himself with a purpose to his keyboard studies. The same "musician of high standing" that Constance quotes about Bache's years in Leipzig also states that "there can be no doubt that it was his friendship with Liszt that he owed that enthusiasm and power of sustained hard work which distinguished him during his career in London, and which was often the astonishment of those who had known him in earlier years."
Bache supported himself as an organist at the English Church, where the chaplain had previously known Bache's brother Edward. As his reputation as a performer grew, he also came into demand as a teacher. These two activities guaranteed financial security. He also became acquainted with several young gifted musicians, including fellow Liszt pupil Giovanni Sgambati and violinist Ettore Pinelli. During this time, Bache began exploring the two-piano repertoire, especially the arrangements of Liszt's symphonic poem "Les préludes" and Schubert's "Wanderer" Fantasy, which he performed with Sgambati in concert. The two-piano arrangements of Liszt's symphonic poems would become an important feature of Bache's concert series once he returned to England. He was also active in chamber music—the works he performed during this time include Chopin's cello sonata, the David-Pinelli Violin Variations, Mendelssohn's D minor piano trio, a piano trio by Anton Rubinstein and a Schumann violin sonata arranged for viola.
Bache's studies with Liszt did not end when he left Italy. He attended Liszt's master classes in Weimar, Germany regularly until 1885. This period of study was unparalleled by any other student of Liszt and led to a particularly close bond between Bache and Liszt. He also sought out his fellow pupil Hans von Bülow for lessons in 1871; the two spent much time together, which resulted in a lifelong friendship. The fact Bache valued Bülow's advice highly is shown by his warning to Jessie Laussot to ""never" again attempt to 'mark, learn and inwardly digest' the Fantasy and Fugue without getting Bülow's edition of it ... it is splendid—quite equivalent to having had a lesson on it from Liszt".
For Bache, Liszt wrote his concert arrangement of the Sarabande and Chaconne from Handel's opera "Almira" in 1879.
Promoting Liszt's music.
Before he moved to Rome, in June 1863, Bache returned to Birmingham to raise funds for the erection of a memorial window to his brother Edward. Among these efforts was a performance of Mendelssohn's oratorio "St. Paul", at which his organ playing was noted, and a solo piano recital which featured a few pieces by Liszt. Critics proved unreceptive to Liszt's music and Bache was advised to program less adventurous works if he wanted his career to succeed. Matters had not improved when Bache settled in London in 1865. The War of the Romantics between musically conservative and liberal factions was in full swing and he found himself branded as "dangerous" for having studied with Liszt. This was vividly illustrated when Bache called upon J.W. Davison, then the most powerful music critic in London. Such a call was not unwarranted: Davison had been acquainted with Edward and shared that brother's conservative musical views. Bache related that when he called on Davison and handed in his card, the maid returned and told him, "Please, sir, Mr. Davison says that he is not at home."
Dangerous or not, Bache soon began a lifelong crusade to win popularity for Liszt's works in England. In 1865 he began a series of annual concerts in conjunction with singer Gustave Garcia. They began modestly, in Collard's Rooms, Grosvenor Street. As they increased in popularity, they were relocated to the more spacious Beethoven Rooms in Cavendish Square, then to the Queen's Concert Rooms in Hanover Square, and finally to St. James's Hall in Regents Square. At first these concerts were of instrumental and chamber works and piano arrangements. In 1868, they had grown to include choral works, which allowed pieces such as Liszt's "Soldatenlied" and choruses from Wagner's "Tannhäuser" and "Lohengrin" to be programmed. By 1871, the concerts had been changed to an orchestral format. 
The concerts, which were held in February or March and continued until 1886, became known as the "Walter Bache Annual Concerts." They became fixtures on the London music scene, attracting the attention of the press and of eminent musicians. While some of the press coverage he received was positive, overall Bache faced a continual barrage of opposition and scorn from critics and fellow musicians over the music he presented. The notice printed in the "Athenaeum" after the first concert was typical: "On Tuesday, M. Gustave Garcia, one of the best of rising baritones, and Mr. Walter Bache gave a concert in company. We cannot think 'Les Préludes,' a very difficult duett by the Abbé Liszt for two pianofortes, worth the labour bestowed on it by a couple of players so skilled as himself and Mr. Dannreuther. It was well received however." Largely through Bache's perseverance, at least some of the public was gradually convinced of the music's worth.
At these concerts, Bache frequently appeared as soloist, accompanist or conductor, but he also engaged other artists in an attempt to show he was not giving the concerts out of self-aggrandizement. Bülow conducted two concerts, Edward Dannreuther led the orchestra in two concerts. August Manns, the conductor of a series of orchestral concerts held at the Crystal Palace and an admirer of Liszt's works, led four concerts. The majority of instrumentalists engaged were also members of the Crystal Palace orchestra to ensure the level of performance was as high as possible. Among guest soloists was the noted violinist August Wilhelmj, who played the Bach Chaconne in D minor at one concert.
For these concerts, Bache programmed five of Liszt's symphonic poems, the "Faust" and "Dante" symphonies, the "Thirteenth Psalm" and the "Legend of St. Elisabeth". Works of Berlioz, Schumann and Wagner were also featured, but Liszt's compositions predominated. While the performances of the "Faust" and "Dante" symphonies were British premieres, the symphonic poems had previously been introduced at the Crystal Palace; nevertheless, Bache felt that offering repeat performances of the symphonic poems was important in making them familiar to audiences. "Les préludes" was performed three times at the Bache concerts, "Mazeppa", " Festklänge" and "Orpheus" each twice and "Tasso" once. Part of this strategy of familiarity was the inclusion of the two-piano arrangements of the symphonic poems as a way to prepare audiences for the orchestral versions. Bache had begun this practice with his first concert in 1865, when he and Dannreuther presented the two-piano arrangement of "Les préludes". Another part of this strategy was supplying learned, well-considered and thoroughly detailed essays for program notes. Sometimes Bache wrote them himself; at other times, he relied on prominent theorists such as Carl Weitman and Frederick Niecks. According to musicologist Alan Walker, they "are filled with insights that were both new and original for their time, and they are lavishly illustrated with music examples—a sure sign that they were aimed at a sophisticated public and were intended to have a potential life after the concert was over." According to Walker, they still are worth study for Liszt scholars as many of the ideas, while transmitted through members of Liszt's inner circle, probably originated with the composer himself. These notes, along with the inclusion of the two-piano arrangements and what musicologist Michael Allis calls "a thoughtful approach to programming ... all contributed to an aggressive marketing of Liszt's new status as a composer". 
The concerts were a considerable financial outlay for Bache, who did not have a regular salary until 1881 and had to sustain himself through teaching. By 1873, he wrote, he had to "decide whether I shall sacrifice myself entirely to the production of Liszt's orchestral and choral works (which after all can never be immortal as Bach, Beethoven and Wagner: here I feel that Bülow is right). Or shall I make my own improvement the object of my life, and not spend a third of my income in one evening." Bülow became concerned enough about the situation to waive his fee after one concert he conducted, and to contribute £50 out of his own pocket. Liszt was also concerned, writing, "For years has sacrificed money for the performance of my works in London. Several times I advised him against it, but he answered imperturbably, 'That is my business.'" Whenever Bache was asked about finances for the concerts, he would tell whoever was asking that the cost was "a just recompense" and add that even if Liszt had charged him for his lessons at the same rate as the average village piano teacher, he would still be deeply in his debt. 
In addition to the orchestral concerts, Bache gave an annual series of solo recitals on Liszt's birthday, 22 October, between 1872 and 1887. In October 1879, Bache gave his first all-Liszt recital. At some of these recitals, the two-piano arrangements of Liszt's orchestral works were given. The two-piano version of "Mazeppa" was presented in October 1876, two months before the orchestral version was played at the Crystal Palace and four months before Bache presented it at his own orchestral concert. The "Monthly Musical Record" felt "There was ... good reason in introducing as a duet, with a view to familiarizing hearers with it beforehand", and the "Musical Standard" found that presenting the two-piano arrangement was "an immense help to those who wished to form a correct judgment on it at its first orchestral performance ... as it is impossible, with even the best intentions, to estimate correctly the larger works of Liszt after only one hearing."
Liszt remained grateful to Bache and thanked him on several occasions, writing to him, "Without Walter Bache and his long years of self-sacrificing efforts in the propaganda of my works, my visit to London were indeed not to be thought of."
Liszt 75th birthday celebrations.
Bache had long cherished the wish of bringing Liszt to London, which Liszt had last visited in 1841 while still a touring virtuoso, and Liszt knew that whatever standing his music had in that city had in large part to do with Bache's efforts. At least in part to repay the debt he felt he owed Bache, Liszt accepted Bache's invitation to attend celebrations in April 1886 to commemorate Liszt's 75th birthday. These celebrations included the foundation of a Liszt piano scholarship at the Royal Academy of Music, a performance of his oratorio "The Legend of Saint Elizabeth" led by Alexander Mackenzie in St. James's Hall, an audience with Queen Victoria and a public reception in Liszt's honour at the Grosvenor Gallery. Bache was involved in all four of these events, which were highly successful; by popular demand, "Saint Elizabeth" had to be repeated at the Crystal Palace.
The Working Men's Society.
In the summer of 1867, Bache and Dannreuther formed "The Working Men's Society," a small association to promote the music of Wagner, Liszt and Schumann in England, with Karl Klindworth as an elder statesman for the group. The Society met regularly at one another's homes for the study and discussion of this music. The first study session met in December and consisted of the "Spinning Song" from Wagner's opera "The Flying Dutchman", played by Dannreuther in Liszt's piano transcription. At the meeting the next month, the group tackled the first two scenes of "Das Rheingold". The meeting which followed featured a reading of "Die Walküre". Neither of the latter two works had been presented anywhere; their world premieres at the Munich Court Opera were still two years away. Klindworth's special relationship with Wagner ensured that the group had access to the scores. In the July 1869 meeting, Liszt pupil Anna Mehlig played Liszt's First Piano Concerto for the group. Wagner and Liszt were not the only composers discussed—Bach, Beethoven, Chopin, Henselt, Raff and Schumann were among the others whose music was featured. However, the main focus of the group remained the music of Wagner.
Other achievements.
Bache became a professor of piano at the Royal Academy of Music in 1881. The foundation of the Liszt Scholarship at that institution in 1886 was mainly due to his efforts. After Bache's death, the name of the scholarship was changed to the Liszt-Bache Scholarship.
Death.
Bache died in London in 1888, at the age of 45, after a brief illness. He developed a chill and an ulcerated throat, which "proved too much for his over-worked and highly strung nature." He had otherwise been in good health and had taught his piano students just a couple of days before his death.
Pianism.
Technique and repertoire.
From his early concerts, Bache was noted for showing thoughtfulness in his interpretations and an excellent pianistic technique. He was especially noted for the evenness and crispness of his scales and the "great delicacy and refinement of feeling" in his playing. Like Hans von Bülow, he was considered an "intellectual" pianist who gave performances that were well executed. He was also considered to have improved with time, becoming a less mercurial and "fidgety" player and that despite occasional exaggerations in his interpretations, his artistry was beyond question.
While he was not the only pianist in England to play Liszt's works, Bache was significant in that he played works in concert for solo piano, two pianos and piano and orchestra. In addition to the two-piano arrangements of the symphonic poems, the first two piano concertos, the B minor piano sonata and the "Dante" Sonata, Bache played a handful of transcriptions, five of the "Hungarian Rhapsodies" and a number of smaller-scaled virtuosic works and miniatures which often highlighted "the melodic nature of Liszt's writing". Bache also played a number of works by other composers in his recitals, many of which are unfamiliar today. Grateful for Bülow's assistance in conducting two of his annual concerts, Bache programmed several of the conductor's piano works in his recitals. He also played various works by Mackenzie, Mendelssohn, Mozart, Raff, Silas, Tchaikovsky and Volkmann and more familiar pieces by Bach, Beethoven and Chopin.
Like Bülow, Bache performed works from memory instead of from the printed page, at a time when doing so was a matter of open debate. Also like Bülow, he began giving recitals devoted entirely to the work of one composer. In 1879, he began giving all-Liszt recitals, and in 1883 he experimented with an all-Beethoven recital.
Reception.
Bache was considered authoritative in the music of Liszt. About his performance of the B minor piano sonata, the "Musical Standard" wrote that Bache had made the work his own, giving the impression that Liszt's interpretation of the piece and Bache's were essentially one. However, while Bache's performances were universally acclaimed, the works he chose to play received a mixed reception. The "Musical Standard" wrote, after a performance of the First Piano Concerto in 1871, that while Bache's playing was excellent, it did nothing to make Liszt's "bizarre" concerto interesting. The "Athenaeum" wrote about the same performance that while the concerto was intricate, there was no difficulty in following the work as played by Bache. 
Bache received praise for the works of other composers, as well. The "Musical Standard" wrote that he sounded at home with whatever the musical style of the pieces he played. The "Musical World" noted that Bache's playing of Chopin, Raff, Schumann and Weber all showed "true artistic spirit and taste". Bache's playing of Bach was singled out for mention, with the "Chromatic Fantasy and Fugue" "neat and highly finished". Bache was also said to have given a "masterly" performance of the Bach D minor keyboard concerto.
Despite receiving positive reviews for his pianism, Bache's difficulties with the critics on behalf of Liszt's music had a negative backlash on his performing career. He was never invited to play with the Philharmonic Society, even after Liszt personally recommended him as a soloist. After printed inquiries by the "Musical Standard", which openly questioned why Bache's career had not advanced despite his obvious talent, he was invited in 1874 to play at the Crystal Palace. While his playing was lauded, his choice of music (the Liszt arrangement of Weber's "Polonaise Brillante" for piano and orchestra) was derided as astoundingly impudent. He also appeared at concerts led by Hans Richter, as organist in Liszt's symphonic poem "Die Hunnenschlacht" and as pianist in Beethoven's Choral Fantasy and Chopin's Second Piano Concerto.

</doc>
<doc id="18376397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376397" title="Wide Mouth Mason (album)">
Wide Mouth Mason (album)

Wide Mouth Mason is the eponymous second studio album by the Canadian blues-rock band Wide Mouth Mason and the first to be released on a major label. The band re-recorded most of their independent first album, "The Nazarene", for inclusion on the album as well as the new song "This Mourning". The album was certified Gold in Canada on on the strength of the singles "Midnight Rain", "My Old Self", "This Mourning" and "The Game".
Track listing.
All songs were written by Wide Mouth Mason.
Personnel.
Additional musicians:

</doc>
<doc id="18376399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376399" title="Wakabayashi Station (Aichi)">
Wakabayashi Station (Aichi)

History.
Wakabayashi Station was opened on July 5, 1920, as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway. The Mikawa Railway was merged with Meitetsu on June 1, 1941. 
Layout.
Wakabayashi Station has a single island platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad
 

</doc>
<doc id="18376408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376408" title="Evans Station">
Evans Station

Evans Station is a light station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at Evans Avenue in Bayview, San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18376415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376415" title="Riley Towers">
Riley Towers

Riley Towers are three residential high rises in Indianapolis, Indiana. They were completed in 1963. Towers 1 and 2 have 30 floors, and Tower 3 has 17 floors. They are the tallest residential buildings in the state of Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="18376416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376416" title="Mikawa Yatsuhashi Station">
Mikawa Yatsuhashi Station

History.
Mikawa Yatsuhashi Station was opened on July 5, 1920, as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway. The Mikawa Railway was merged with Meitetsu on June 1, 1941. The tracks were elevated and station building reconstructed from 2007 to 2009.
Layout.
Mikawa Yatsuhashi Station has a single island platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376431" title="Frank Deal">
Frank Deal

Frank Deal is an American actor and acting teacher based in New York City. He has a successful career in television, theatre, and film, as well as steady teaching jobs at Juilliard and NYU's Tisch School of the Arts.
Career.
Deal's acting credits include the New York premieres of '"August: Osage County" (Broadway), "The Most Fabulous Story Ever Told" (Paul Rudnick), "One Neck" (w/ Allison Janney), "Second-Hand Smoke" (Mac Wellman) and "The Vietnamization of New Jersey" (Christopher Durang – Off-Broadway). Regionally, Deal has been in "Mister Roberts" (Kennedy Center), "Side Man" (Guthrie), "Six Years" (Humana), "Black Dahlia" (Yale Repertory Theatre), among work with companies that include Actors Theatre of Louisville, Cape Cod Theatre Project, Triad Stage, American Contemporary Theatre Festival, Merrimack Repertory, and Virginia Stage Co.
Deal's television credits include "Boardwalk Empire", "The Knick", "Elementary", "Person of Interest", "Blue Bloods", "Nurse Jackie", "Unforgettable", "Royal Pains", "Fringe", "The Onion News Network", "The Sopranos", "Law & Order" and "" (as ADA Don Newvine). 
He has appeared in the films: "Non-Stop", "The Corrections", "The Bourne Legacy", "The Bay", "Black Dog/Red Dog", "Deception", "Able Danger", "The House Is Burning" (Cannes), "Flannel Pajamas" (Sundance), and "Body/Antibody".
Deal currently teaches at Juilliard and New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="18376434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376434" title="Mikawa Chiryū Station">
Mikawa Chiryū Station

History.
Mikawa Chiryū Station was opened on October 28, 1915, as on the privately owned Mikawa Railway. The Aichi Electric Railway Company opened nearby on April 1, 1922. The two stations merged later that year. The Aichi Electric Railway Company was taken over by Meitetsu on August 1, 1935 (becoming the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line, and the Mikawa Railway on June 1, 1941. A new station building was completed later the same year. The station was renamed to its present name on April 1, 1959, with the completion of the third generation station building. Operations of the Nagoya Main Line were discontinued.
Layout.
Mikawa Chiryū Station has a single side platform and a single island platform, but only the island platform is in use. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376437" title="Stephens Island (Nunavut)">
Stephens Island (Nunavut)

Stephens Island is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. Located in Milne Inlet, it is an irregularly shaped island off the Baffin Island coast.

</doc>
<doc id="18376449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376449" title="Salute (2008 film)">
Salute (2008 film)

Salute is a 2008 Australian documentary film written, directed and produced by Matt Norman. It is about Norman's uncle, Australian track athlete Peter Norman, specifically the actions he took at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.
Synopsis.
The film provides an insight into and incident at the 1968 Summer Olympics which saw two United States athletes, Tommie Smith and John Carlos, give the black power salute from the victory dais after the 200 metres final. The film focuses on the third man on the dias, silver medal winner Peter Norman, who showed his support for Smith and Carlos by donning an "Olympic Project for Human Rights" (OPHR) badge on his way to the podium. It was also Norman who suggested to Smith and Carlos that they share the black gloves used in their salute, after Carlos had left his gloves in the Olympic Village. This is the reason for Smith raising his right fist, while Carlos raised his left. Asked later about his support of Smith and Carlos' cause by the world's press, Norman said he opposed his country's government's White Australia policy.
The film documents the subsequent reprimand of Norman by the Australian Olympic authorities, and his ostracism by the Australian media. Despite Norman running qualifying times for both the 100m and 200m during 1971/72, the Australian Olympic track team did not send him to the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. It also documents Norman's reunion with Smith and Carlos, shortly before his death in 2006.
The film debuted at the Sydney Film Festival on 8 June 2008. It was released Australia-wide on 17 July 2008.
Background.
While there had been attempts by American filmmakers to put together a piece on the event, these earlier films had overlooked the actions of Peter Norman. As a result, Matt Norman realised that the full story of his famous uncle had never been told. He began filming "Salute" at the end of 2002. With no budget, no funding and no help, he went about making a film that he hoped would get picked up by a local film festival.
With the help of the Film Finance Corporation and his local funding body Film Victoria, Norman raised close to two million dollars for post production of the film.
In 2008, Andrew Mackie and Richard Payton of Transmission films were signed on as Australian distributors and later brought on board Paramount Pictures Australia to release the film nationally in cinemas throughout Australia.
Dramatised version.
Matt Norman is now working on a dramatised version of the event, entitled "1968". He is currently speaking with film studios in Hollywood to find stars to portray Smith, Carlos and Norman. Matt Norman is currently writing the screenplay of the dramatised version.
Box office.
"Salute" grossed $233,411 at the box office in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18376450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376450" title="Hudson/Innes Station">
Hudson/Innes Station

Hudson/Innes Station is an island platform light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at Hudson Avenue in Bayview, San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18376451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376451" title="Shigehara Station">
Shigehara Station

History.
Shigehara Station was opened on April 6, 1923, as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway Company. The Mikawa Railway Company was taken over by Meitetsu on June 1, 1941.
Layout.
Shigehara Station has two opposed side platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376473" title="Kirkwood / La Salle Station">
Kirkwood / La Salle Station

Kirkwood/La Salle Station is an island platform light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at Kirkwood Avenue in Bayview, San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18376479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376479" title="List of designated places in British Columbia">
List of designated places in British Columbia

A designated place is a type of geographic unit used by Statistics Canada to disseminate census data. It is usually a small community that does not meet the criteria used to define incorporated municipalities or Statistics Canada population centres (areas with a population of at least 1,000 and no fewer than 400 persons per square kilometre). Designated places are created by provinces and territories, in cooperation with Statistics Canada, to provide data for submunicipal areas. 
As of the 2011 Census of Canada, British Columbia had 319 designated places. British Columbia’s largest designated place is Saltspring Island Trust Area (part A) with a population of 10,234.
List.
The following is a list of designated places in British Columbia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18376486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376486" title="Oakdale/Palou Station">
Oakdale/Palou Station

Oakdale/Palou Station is an island platform light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at Palou Avenue in Bayview, San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18376505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376505" title="Revere/Shafter Station">
Revere/Shafter Station

Revere/Shafter Station is an island platform light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at Shafter Avenue in Bayview, San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18376515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376515" title="Kariya Station">
Kariya Station

History.
Kariya Station was opened on September 1, 1888 the section of the Japanese Government Railways (JGR) connecting Hamamatsu Station with Ōbu Station was completed. This line was named the Tōkaidō Line in 1895 and the Tōkaidō Main Line in 1909. On February 5, 1914, the privately owned Mikawa Railway built a station for the Mikawa Line adjacent to this station, and named it . The two stations were merged on February 10, 1927. The Mikawa Railway became part of Meitetsu in 1941, and the JGR became the Japan National Railway (JNR) after World War II. All freight operations were shifted to the nearby Kariya Container Center in 1986. With the privatization and dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the Central Japan Railway Company.
Layout.
JR.
The station consists of 2 island platforms serving 4 tracks.
Meitetsu.
The station consists of a single island platform serving 2 tracks.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad
!colspan=5|Central Japan Railway Company

</doc>
<doc id="18376522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376522" title="Williams Station">
Williams Station

Williams Station is a light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at Williams and Van Dyke Avenues in Bayview, San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18376526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376526" title="Jangnye">
Jangnye

Jangnye refers to Korean funerary rites. "Jangnye" has been practiced since the book "The Family Rituals of Zhu Xi" (朱子家禮, "Zhuzi jiali") was introduced from China during the Joseon Dynasty. Rulers during the era wanted to erase the Buddhist ceremonies of the previous dynasty, Goryeo, and to replace them with the ceremonies of Confucianism.
Origin.
Chinese philosopher, Zhu Xi's book, "The Family Rituals of Zhu Xi" regulated domestic rituals such as weddings, births, funerals and memorial services. Even though it was accustomed with Chinese culture, it wasn't so for the Joseon society. Yi Jae (李栽, 1680~1746) wrote "Sarye pyeollam" ("Easy Manual of the Four Rites") to supplement The Family Rituals of Zhu Xi. Domestic ceremonies, including "jangnye", were always performed according to this book.
Procedures.
Generally, "jangnye" is performed for three days and nights. If a person is dead, the body will be laid in a coffin after two days and buried during the morning of the third day. Before laying the body in a coffin, a person dealing with the body cleans it and puts on the grave clothes made of hemp. In Korea, it is common for a person in their sixties to prepare grave clothes.
Condolers pay a visit to a bereaved family; a chief mourner expresses his sorrow by "Gok", which is similar to crying.
Usually in the morning of the third day, the bereaved family head for their family burial mountain. They dig the ground, put the coffin in it, and build a mound over the grave. It comes to an end with "jesa", which is a Korean traditional memorial service. The "jangnye" ceremony is usually held as a burial instead of a cremation. It comes from the Confucian idea that one should not impair the ancestor's bodies but preserve them.
Elements affecting "jangnye".
"Jangnye" has evolved since its formation. It was a burial ceremony in the era of Three Kingdoms and has changed into a cremation influenced by Buddhism in Goryeo Dynasty. During the Joseon Dynasty, all rules, principles, and ideologies were affected by Confucianism. Since this era, typical Korean Jangrae procedure has been established as a burial. Since the 17th century, Catholicism and Christianity has been introduced in Korea and has influenced it. One Korean method for cremation is Jayeonjang (자연장), which is practiced by scattering the bone ashes on a garden, a tree, or the water.

</doc>
<doc id="18376535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376535" title="Carroll Station">
Carroll Station

Carroll Station is a light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at Carroll Avenue in the historic Bayview district of San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18376543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376543" title="Emmerson Island">
Emmerson Island

Emmerson Island is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. Located in Eclipse Sound near the mouth of Oliver Sound, it is an irregularly shaped island off the Baffin Island coast.

</doc>
<doc id="18376549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376549" title="Gilman/Paul Station">
Gilman/Paul Station

Gilman/Paul Station is a light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at Gilman and Paul Avenues in Bayview, San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18376558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376558" title="Kariyashi Station">
Kariyashi Station

History.
Kariyashi Station was opened on February 5, 1914, as a on the privately owned Mikawa Railway Company. The Mikawa Railway Company was taken over by Meitetsu on June 1, 1941. The station was renamed to its present name on March 1, 1952. The tracks were elevated and the station building rebuilt in 1980.
Layout.
Kariyashi Station has a single elevated island platform, with the station building located underneath.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376567" title="Le Conte Station">
Le Conte Station

Le Conte Station is an island platform light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at Le Conte Avenue in Bayview, San Francisco, California, United States. It exits only to the North/Le Conte Street side.

</doc>
<doc id="18376570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376570" title="Jalan Ayer Panas">
Jalan Ayer Panas

Jalan Ayer Panas (Johor state route ) is a major road in Johor state, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="18376575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376575" title="Ogakie Station">
Ogakie Station

History.
Ogakie Station was opened on February 5, 1914, as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway Company. The Mikawa Railway Company was taken over by Meitetsu on June 1, 1941. The station has been unattended since 2005.
Layout.
Ogakie Station has a single island platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376586" title="Arleta Station">
Arleta Station

Arleta Station is an island platform light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at Arleta Avenue in Visitacion Valley, San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18376587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376587" title="Yoshihama Station (Aichi)">
Yoshihama Station (Aichi)

History.
Yoshihama Station was opened on February 5, 1914, as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway Company. The Mikawa Railway Company was taken over by Meitetsu on June 1, 1941. 
Layout.
Yoshihama station has a single side platform for bi-directional traffic. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376588" title="Carlos Torre Repetto Memorial">
Carlos Torre Repetto Memorial

The Torre Memorial is an annual chess tournament played in honour of the chess legend Carlos Torre Repetto (1905–1978). 
It is played in Mérida, Yucatán, Mexico. The first edition was played in 1987, and from a relatively weak tournament, it has now grown into a strong international tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18376600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376600" title="Mikawa Takahama Station">
Mikawa Takahama Station

History.
Mikawa Takahama Station was opened on April 20, 1918, as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway Company. The Mikawa Railway Company was taken over by Meitetsu on June 1, 1941. The station building was rebuilt in 1994 as an elevated station, built on an overpass above the platforms and tracks.
Layout.
Mikawa Takahama Station has a single island platform. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376621" title="Takahama Minato Station">
Takahama Minato Station

History.
Takahama Minato Station was opened on February 5, 1914, as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway Company. The Mikawa Railway Company was taken over by Meitetsu on June 1, 1941. The station has been unattended since 2005.
Layout.
Takahama Minato Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376622" title="Sunnydale Station">
Sunnydale Station

Sunnydale Station is an island platform light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Bayshore Boulevard at Sunnydale Avenue in Visitacion Valley, San Francisco, California. This is the terminal for the T Third Street Muni Metro line. Plans will extend this line along Geneva Avenue to the Cow Palace and the Muni hub at Balboa Park station and San Francisco City College completing the replacement of the 15 Third Street bus line in its entirety.

</doc>
<doc id="18376629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376629" title="Emmerson">
Emmerson

Emmerson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18376633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376633" title="Kitashinkawa Station">
Kitashinkawa Station

History.
Kitashinkawa Station was opened on February 5, 1914, as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway Company. The Mikawa Railway Company was taken over by Meitetsu on June 1, 1941. The station has been unattended since 2005.
Layout.
Kitashinkawa Station has a single island platform. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376643" title="Shinkawamachi Station">
Shinkawamachi Station

History.
Shinkawamachi Station was opened on February 5, 1914, as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway Company. A spur line ran from this station to from 1915 to 1955. The Mikawa Railway Company was taken over by Meitetsu on June 1, 1941. The station has been unattended since 2005.
Layout.
Shinkawamachi Station has two opposed side platforms. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376649" title="Hekinan Chūō Station">
Hekinan Chūō Station

History.
Hekinan Chūō Station was opened on February 5, 1914, as a temporary stop operating only during the summer vacation season for beachgoerson the privately owned Mikawa Railway Company. It was elevated to the status of a station on July 10, 1915, and named . The Mikawa Railway Company was taken over by Meitetsu on June 1, 1941. The station was renamed to its present name on December 14, 1981. 
Layout.
Hekinan Chūō Station has a single side platform serving bi-directional traffic. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376660" title="Hekinan Station">
Hekinan Station

History.
Hekinan Station was opened on as Ōhamakō Station as a terminal station of a line owned and operated by Mikawa Railroad. A spur line from this station to was in operation from 1915-1946. The station became part of the Mikawa Line of Nagoya Railroad in June 1941. The station was renamed to its present name on April 1, 1954. The extension from Hekinan Station to was discontinued on April 1, 2004. The station has been unattended since 2005.
Layout.
Platforms.
Hekinan Station has a single island platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18376666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376666" title="Key Largo (song)">
Key Largo (song)

"Key Largo" is a popular song recorded by Bertie Higgins in 1981. Released as a single in September 1981, the song became Higgins' only Top 40 hit in the United States in early 1982, when it peaked at #8 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. The song spent 17 weeks in the Top 40 and was certified Gold by the RIAA. In addition, "Key Largo" topped the adult contemporary chart for two weeks. In the United Kingdom, the song reached #60 on the UK Singles Chart.
Background and content.
The song was heavily inspired by the 1948 film "Key Largo", which starred Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall, as is evident by the lyric: "We had it all / Just like Bogie and Bacall / Starring in our own late late show / Sailing away to Key Largo". However, in the film Bogart and Bacall do not sail to Key Largo; Bogart arrives on a bus, and Bacall is already living there. The song also refers to the film "Casablanca", with the lines "Here's looking at you, kid" and "Please say you will / Play it again". The song "Key Largo" was included on Higgins' album, "Just Another Day in Paradise". The album's title track topped out at #46.
In 2009, VH1 ranked "Key Largo" #75 on its program "100 Greatest One Hit Wonders of the 80s".

</doc>
<doc id="18376672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376672" title="Frechette Island">
Frechette Island

Frechette Island is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. Located in Eclipse Sound at the mouth of Paquet Bay, it is a long and narrow island, approximately off the Baffin Island coast.

</doc>
<doc id="18376692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376692" title="James Pinnock">
James Pinnock

James Pinnock is an English footballer from Dartford, Kent.
Career.
Pinnock came through the ranks at his local Football League side Gillingham, making 16 first team appearances in total. After loan spells at Margate, Dover Athletic and Chesham United, Pinnock moved permanently from Gillingham to Conference side Kingstonian where he spent two years before joining Gravesend & Northfleet.
Pinnock spent two years at 'The Fleet' before joining Welling United in 2005. Pinnock spent a year at Welling and then moved onto Margate for whom he had previously played for on loan. Pinnock had his most fruitful goalscoring spell while at Margate, averaging nearly a goal every two games in the league.
In the 2008 close season Pinnock made the short trip along the M2 to join Maidstone United. Pinnock stayed at Maidstone for nearly two years, however in March 2010 he and three other players controversially left the club to join Margate, meaning Pinnock was now playing in his third spell for the Thanet side.
In the summer of 2011 Pinnock rejoined recently relegated Maidstone United where he joined up with Jay Saunders who had recently been made player-manager of the club. Pinnock left the club in early 2012 after struggling to hold down a place in the first team.

</doc>
<doc id="18376712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376712" title="Frechette">
Frechette

Frechette may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18376722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376722" title="Minami-Yokkaichi Station">
Minami-Yokkaichi Station

Station history.
Minami-Yokkaichi Station began as the on July 1, 1928. It was upgraded to a full station on the Kansai Main Line of the Japan National Railways (JNR) on October 1, 1963 and was renamed to its present name at that time. Operations of the Ise Line were extended through Minami-Yokkaichi Station on September 1, 1973. The station was absorbed into the JR Central network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987. The station has been unattended since April 1, 2011.
Scheduled freight operations began from September 20, 1934. Containerized freight operations were discontinued on July 1, 1975, but were resumed from September 1, 993.
Layout.
Minami-Yokkaichi Station has a single island platform. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18376725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376725" title="Giovanni Battista Scalabrini">
Giovanni Battista Scalabrini

Blessed Giovanni Battista Scalabrini (John Baptist Scalabrini) (8 July 1839 – 1 June 1905) was ordained priest on 30 May 1863. He was made Bishop of Piacenza in Italy, on 28 November 1887 he founded the Congregation of the Missionaries of St. Charles now known as the Scalabrinian Fathers and Brothers. Its initial mission is to "maintain Catholic faith and practice among Italian emigrants in the New World." Today, they and their sister organizations, the Missionary Sisters of St. Charles Borromeo (founded by Scalabrini on 25 October 1895) and Secular Institute of the Scalabrinian Missionary Women (founded 25 July 1961) minister to migrants, seafarers, refugees and displaced persons.
Ordained to the priesthood Paolo Miraglia-Gulotti in 1879.

</doc>
<doc id="18376747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376747" title="Suzuka Station">
Suzuka Station

History.
Suzuka Station opened on September 1, 1973 as a station on the Japan National Railways (JNR) Ise Line. The Ise Line was privatized on March 27, 1987, four days before the dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987.
Station layout.
Suzuka Station has two elevated opposed side platforms. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Ise Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18376757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376757" title="Tamagaki Station">
Tamagaki Station

History.
Tamagaki Station opened on September 1, 1973 as a station on the Japan National Railways (JNR) Ise Line. The Ise Line was privatized on March 27, 1987, four days before the dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987.
Station layout.
Tamagaki Station has one island platform. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Ise Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18376771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376771" title="AT&amp;T 220 Building">
AT&amp;T 220 Building

AT&T 220 Building is a high rise in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was completed in 1974 and has 23 floors. It is primarily used for office space. It is connected with the AT&T Building, which is located just to the north, and both buildings house the Indiana headquarters for AT&T.

</doc>
<doc id="18376772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376772" title="Sonuk Mikko">
Sonuk Mikko

Sonuk Mikko (unknown—ca. 1864), commonly known as Billy Bowlegs and also known as So-Nuk-Mek-Ko, was a Seminole who gained recognition as a captain in the American Civil War. Mikko adopted the name of Chief Billy Bowlegs from (Holato Micco), who had fought in the Second and Third Seminole wars, following Holato Micco's death in 1859.
Civil War.
With the secession of eleven Southern states in 1861, both the Union and Confederacy vied for control of the Indian Territory. Old tribal rivalries were renewed, with some aligning with the North and others with the South. Sonuk Mikko sided with the Union. When a Confederate force under Col. Douglas H. Cooper attacked Unionist tribes in the Indian Territory, Mikko aligned his followers with Opothleyahola’s Upper Creeks and resisted. Together, they fought Cooper in a series of losing battles in the winter of 1861–62 that led to the withdrawal of the Union sympathizers to Kansas in a bitter trek known as the "Trail of Blood on Ice." Mikko's band covered the rear after the Battle of Chustenahlah against Cherokee chief Stand Watie. They eventually settled near Fort Belmont, where a number of his Seminoles perished of exposure and starvation during the winter.
Mikko formally enlisted in the Union Army as a captain in May 1862 and was assigned command of Company A of the First Indian Home Guards. He saw action in a number of battles that year and was commended by Col. William Cloud, commander of the Third Brigade, Army of the Frontier, for his actions at the Battle of Cane Hill in December. The First Indian Home Guards arrived on the battlefield, dismounted, and entered a patch of woods on the left-center, flanked by two white regiments from Kansas and Iowa. When the Iowans gave way under a heavy volley, the entire Union line wavered and fell back. Rallying, the Indians and Kansans pushed forward and gained the position. Colonel Cloud wrote, “Of the Indian officers, Captain Jon-neh, of the Uches, and Captain Billy Bowlegs, of the Seminoles, and Captain Tus-te-nup-chup-ko, of Company A (Creek), are deserving of the highest praise.”
Eventually being reassigned to command of Company F, Billy Bowlegs remained prominent in the fighting in Kansas and Indian Territory. At a skirmish with Confederates at Rhea Mills, he lost two revolvers, saddle, bridle and his horse, but emerged unscathed.
Mikko died in 1864 of smallpox and was buried in the Fort Gibson National Cemetery. Indian Agent G.C. Snow lamented, “His loss is very much regretted, as he was an influential man among (the Seminoles) and I believe generally beloved by all.”

</doc>
<doc id="18376779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376779" title="Ringo (game)">
Ringo (game)

Ringo is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Germany. It was possibly invented sometime in the late 19th century or early 20th century. The game simulates a castle siege. Attackers are attempting to enter a castle while defenders are trying to protect it and reduce the number of attackers.
Pieces are captured similarly as in draughts which makes Ringo its distant relative although some consider it to be a descendant of Tafl games which also have opponents with different sized armies. An interesting feature in Ringo is an area on the board called the Neutral Zone where pieces cannot be captured which makes for some interesting attack tactics on the castle.
Goal.
The goal of the attackers is to bring two of their pieces into the castle. The goal of the defenders is to prevent that from happening, and to reduce the number of attackers to one.
Equipment.
The board is circular with a middle circle (called the castle) and five rings, and it is also divided into 8 pie slices which makes for 41 spaces or cells. With the exception to the castle and the spaces in the Neutral Zone, 35 spaces are colored black and white in alternating fashion. However, any two colors are appropriate. The castle is colored white or whichever color is lightest in the alternating color scheme. One of the pie slices is called the Neutral Zone and is colored completely different from the rest of the board.
There are 7 attacker pieces, and 4 defender pieces. The attackers can be of any color as long it is different from the defenders.
Rules and Game Play.
1. The 7 attackers initially are situated at the farthest ring from the castle each occupying its own space; only the space in the Neutral Zone is left empty. There are 4 defenders in the first ring (the ring closest to the castle) leaving one space between them in such a way that the space in the Neutral Zone is also left empty.
2. Players decide who will be the attackers and who will be the defenders. Players alternate their turns.
3. Only one piece is moved per turn. Pieces cannot share the same space.
4. Attackers move first.
5. Attackers can move one space forward (toward the castle), or one space left or right on the same ring. Attackers "cannot move backwards" (away from the castle).
6. Defenders can move one space forward, "backwards", or left or right on the same ring. Only one piece is moved per turn. Pieces cannot share the same space.
7. Defenders cannot enter the castle.
8. Pieces are captured similarly as in Draughts. An attacker can hop over a defender that is adjacent to it either from the front, left, or right, and must land on a vacant space. Attackers cannot capture a defender from behind, that is, a defender that is one space farther back in the same pie slice.
9. Defenders capture similarly to attackers, except they can capture from the front, left, right, and "behind".
10. Captures are not mandatory. Multiple jumps/captures (as in Checkers) are not allowed.
11. Pieces in the Neutral Zone cannot be captured. However, it can be jumped.
12. A piece can land on the Neutral Zone after a sideways capture. A sideways capture can also start from the Neutral Zone.
13. The number of attackers in the Neutral Zone cannot be more than the number of defenders left on the board. For example, if there are two defenders left in the game, then there can only be up to two attackers in the whole Neutral Zone.
14. A defender on the second ring cannot capture an attacker on the first ring and land on the castle (even if it is empty) since defenders are not allowed to be in the castle.
15. A defender can jump over the castle, and capture an attacker in it.
16. There are variations to Ringo to give the defenders a better chance of winning. One rule is to not allow attackers to enter from the Neutral Zone. Another rule is to reduce the number of attackers to 5 or 6 pieces. Another rule is allow the defenders to pass a turn. Lastly, a rule that allows only 1 attacker in the Neutral Zone.

</doc>
<doc id="18376781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376781" title="Suzuka Circuit Inō Station">
Suzuka Circuit Inō Station

History.
Suzuka Circuit Inō Station opened on September 1, 1973 as on the Japan National Railways (JNR) Ise Line. The Ise Line was privatized on March 27, 1987 and the name changed to the present name, four days before the dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987.
Station layout.
Suzuka Circuit Inō Station has a two opposed side platforms. The station is unattended except on race dates of the Suzuka Circuit.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Ise Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18376786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376786" title="Mathematical Society of Japan">
Mathematical Society of Japan

The Mathematical Society of Japan (MSJ, ) was the first academic society in Japan. 
In 1877, the organization was established as the "Tokyo Sugaku Kaisha." It was re-organized and re-established in its present form in 1946.
Today, the MSJ has more than 5,000 members. They enjoy the various benefits the society has to offer. They also have the opportunity to participate in programs at MSJ meetings which take place in spring and autumn each year. They also have the opportunity to announce their own research at these meetings.
Takebe Prizes.
In the context of its 50th anniversary celebrations, the Mathematical Society of Japan established the Takebe Prizes for the encouragement of those who show promise as mathematicians. The award is named after Edo period mathematician who is also known as Takebe Kenkō.

</doc>
<doc id="18376789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376789" title="Harrington College Icebergs">
Harrington College Icebergs

The Harrington College Icebergs are an independent Junior A ice hockey team for players ages 15–20. The team is affiliated with Harrington College of Canada. The Icebergs are members of the America East Hockey League. The team plays home games at the Kevin Lowe-Pierre Page Ice Arena in Lachute, Quebec.
History.
The Icebergs joined the AEHL for the league's first season in 2005. The team was the only Canadian team with other member teams based in the Northeastern United States. The team was founded with the school in 2005 as part of a unique and elite training program for hockey players based on the Hockey Canada development program. Harrington College is a small, private, All-Boys college designed to provide elite hockey players with a balance of strong education and strong hockey training. The school also fields a number of teams at different age levels, the Icebergs being the top men's level. The school provides education and hockey experience for players aged 13–21. Once players reach the maximum age of Junior A hockey they are prepared to enter other four-year institutions and play at higher levels of hockey such as NCAA, Major Junior A, and Pro hockey.
The Icebergs participate in the United Junior Hockey League as well as exhibition games against college and other junior and AAA hockey teams.
Timeline.
2001 The future founder of Harrington College of Canada becomes president and owner of the Lac St Louis Lions. Having seen too many devoted young players forced to choose between hockey and a solid education, he follows his vision and embarks on a long-term project to marry elite hockey with high level academics. 
2002 West Island Hockey Academy (WIHA) is formed to manage the Lions.WIHA forges a partnership with Terry Davies and West Island College. Mr. Davies, an innovator in education, founded five successful colleges including the internationally renowned Class Afloat. Partnership with Mr. Davies allows for the crafting of a new development model for elite hockey players. Players are all required to practice in the morning and attend class in the afternoon. This experimental approach yields what may be arguably one of the most successful development programs in the hockey world. 
2003 Realizing that without skills in place young players will not reach their hockey potential, WIHA incorporates Hockey Canada’s training model into the its program. 
2004 WIHA forms the International Practise Team, playing an exhibition and tournament schedule and training every day alongside the Lions.Both groups (International and Lions) are approximately the same age, the same skill/talent level and all practices are together (on and off ice). The International Practise Team players demonstrate clearly that they have developed in all aspects of the game faster than the Lions. This accelerated progress is attributed to the higher ratio of practice to games.As well, in games, the International players are all given equal ice time, as it is believed that this will result in the best individual development (long-term objectives) as well as a unique team experience. The Lions’ coaching staff, on the other hand, gives ice time to the players they believe can help the team win the game (short-term objectives).Although the International Practise Team is a midget-aged team, they defeat one of the top Quebec Junior AAA teams (Champlain Cougars) 3-2 at the end of the year. 
2005 The Lions are sold and WIHA acquires a new flagship junior franchise in the America East Hockey League. 
2006 WIHA changes its name to Harrington College of Canada. 
2008
2009 HCC acquires the 8th franchise in the Quebec College AAA League.HCC moves school to Oka.
Notable alumni.
From Harrington College’s inception in 2002 when a partnership was formed with West Island College and as recent as this year, players are reaching the next level and they include:
Records.
The team currently holds the most AEHL Victoria Cup Championships winning 2 out of 3 seasons in the league. They also won the 2008-2009 playoffs of the QUJHL.
2006-2007 Season
2007-2008 Season
2008-2009

</doc>
<doc id="18376792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376792" title="Tokuda Station (Mie)">
Tokuda Station (Mie)

History.
Tokuda Station opened on March 16, 1991.
Station layout.
Tokuda Station has a two opposed side platforms. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Ise Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18376799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376799" title="Collin Cowgill">
Collin Cowgill

Collin Brannen Cowgill (born May 22, 1986) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim of Major League Baseball. He has played for the Arizona Diamondbacks, Oakland Athletics, and New York Mets. Prior to his professional career, Cowgill played college baseball for the University of Kentucky.
Amateur career.
Cowgill attended the University of Kentucky, where he played college baseball for the Kentucky Wildcats baseball team. In his final season at Kentucky, he was named a third-team All-American by Rivals.
Professional career.
Arizona Diamondbacks.
The Arizona Diamondbacks drafted Cowgill in the fifth round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft from Kentucky.
On July 26, 2011 Cowgill was called up from the Triple-A Reno Aces.
He hit his first career major league home run as a Diamondback, on August 28, 2011 against the San Diego Padres.
Oakland Athletics.
On December 9, 2011, Cowgill was part of a trade along with Jarrod Parker and Ryan Cook, in which the Diamondbacks acquired Trevor Cahill and Craig Breslow from the Oakland Athletics.
New York Mets.
On December 18, 2012, the Athletics traded Cowgill to the New York Mets for Jefry Marte.
Cowgill hit the first grand slam for the Mets on Opening Day in 18 years when he hit one in the 7th inning against the San Diego Padres.
Cowgill was named the starting center fielder for the Mets for 2013 after an impressive spring training. After a poor start to the season, Cowgill was set to platoon in center field with Jordany Valdespin. Cowgill was optioned to Triple-A Las Vegas on May 3 when the Mets recalled Andrew Brown. On June 18, 2013, Cowgill was designated for assignment by the Mets.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
On June 24, 2013, the Mets traded Cowgill to the Angels in exchange for minor league outfielder Kyle Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="18376804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376804" title="Nakaseko Station">
Nakaseko Station

History.
Nakaseko Station opened on September 1, 1973 as a station on the Japan National Railways (JNR) Ise Line. The Ise Line was privatized on March 27, 1987, four days before the dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987.
Station layout.
Nakaseko Station has a two opposed side platforms. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Ise Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18376822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376822" title="Ise-Ueno Station">
Ise-Ueno Station

History.
Ise-Ueno Station opened on March 27, 1987.
Station layout.
Ise-Ueno Station has a single side platform serving bi-directional traffic. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Ise Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18376826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376826" title="Win City">
Win City

Win City (foaled 1998 in Ontario) is a retired Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. The grandson of U.S. Triple Crown champion, Seattle Slew, he was bred for a $5,000 stud fee by the father and son team of Frank Digiulio, Sr. and Jr. who owned his mare, Winsfordan.
In 2001, Win City won six important stakes races. He ran second to Dancethruthedawn in the Queen's Plate then the two horses reversed their positions in the second leg of the Canadian Triple Crown, the Prince of Wales Stakes. His 2001 performances earned Win City the Sovereign Award for Champion 3-Year-Old Male Horse and Canadian Horse of the Year honours.
Sent to the track in 2002, four-year-old Win City was winless in seven starts.

</doc>
<doc id="18376834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376834" title="Kawage Station">
Kawage Station

History.
Kawage Station opened on September 1, 1973 as a station on the Japan National Railways (JNR) Ise Line. The Ise Line was privatized on March 27, 1987, four days before the dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987.
Station layout.
Kawage Station consists of two opposed side platforms connected by a level crossing. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Ise Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18376844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376844" title="Higashi-Ishinden Station">
Higashi-Ishinden Station

History.
Higashi-Ishinden Station opened on September 1, 1973 as a station on the Japan National Railways (JNR) Ise Line. The Ise Line was privatized on March 27, 1987, four days before the dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987.
Station layout.
Higashi-Ishinden Station consists of a single elevated side platform serving bi-directional traffic. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Ise Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18376853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376853" title="Trachinus">
Trachinus

Trachinus is a genus of weevers, order Perciformes. Consists of seven species. Six of the genus representatives inhabit the waters of Eastern Atlantic Ocean, but only one, "Trachinus cornutus", the South-Eastern Pacific Ocean. There are three species occurred near the coasts of Europe.
The genus name, given by Linnaeus, is from "", the Medieval Latin name for the fish, which in turn is from the Ancient Greek τρᾱχύς "trachýs" ‘rough’.

</doc>
<doc id="18376892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376892" title="Kaizuka Shiyakushomae Station">
Kaizuka Shiyakushomae Station


</doc>
<doc id="18376896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376896" title="Fifth Third Bank Tower">
Fifth Third Bank Tower

Fifth Third Bank Tower is a high rise in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was completed in 1983 and has 17 floors. It is primarily used for office space.

</doc>
<doc id="18376898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376898" title="Murderer (play)">
Murderer (play)

"Murderer" is a 1975 comedy/thriller play written by Anthony Shaffer. Set in Dorset, England, the play tells the story of Norman Bartholomew, a painter who is obsessed with famous murderers of the past. He takes great pleasure in recreating their crimes, and hopes to one day join their ranks by performing a murder of his own.

</doc>
<doc id="18376910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376910" title="Koginosato Station">
Koginosato Station


</doc>
<doc id="18376914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376914" title="Muhammad Nawaz Bhatti">
Muhammad Nawaz Bhatti

Justice Muhammad Nawaz Bhatti (August 1948 – 10 July 2006) from Sheikhupura & town of Sangla Hill. He was a Judge of Lahore High court, Lahore,(Punjab) Pakistan. He a well known criminal Lawyer and law officer representing Punjab Government and Government of Pakistan.
He was appointed as an Additional Advocate General Punjab in 1998/1999. He also served as an Assistant Advocate General Punjab twice in 1993 and 1997. He served as Additional Advocate General Lahore High Court and Deputy Attorney General of Pakistan from 2000 to 2004 before elevation to at Judge Lahore High Court.
He was appointed Deputy Attorney General for Pakistan in 2000 and remained in the office till his elevation to the Bench. 
He died in a plane crash near Multan Airport on 10 July 2006, while he was serving as Judge.

</doc>
<doc id="18376923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376923" title="Ishizai Station">
Ishizai Station


</doc>
<doc id="18376939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376939" title="Toa Payoh Community Library">
Toa Payoh Community Library

The Toa Payoh Community Library (Chinese: 大巴窑社区图书馆) is an established library located in the Toa Payoh Town Centre, opened on 7 February 1974. It consists of three floors and has a large floor area of approximately 4125 m².
History.
The library was initially opened on 7 February 1974 by Sha'ari Tadin, the then Senior Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Culture, in the place of Jek Yuen Thong, the then Minister for Culture. Initially called Toa Payoh Branch Library, it then changed its name to the current "Toa Payoh Community Library" on 1 September 1995, after the National Library Board became a statutory board. 
It then went under major renovation in 1997, before reopening on 9 May 1999 by Mr Wong Kan Seng, the then Minister for Home Affairs. It then featured new facilities for the benefit of its users, such as the Senior Citizens' Room.
Contents.
First floor.
The first floor has a large array of story books for children 6-12 years old, and has several shelves of information books, as well as books in the four official languages of Singapore, which are English, Chinese, Malay and Tamil language.
It also has a ship structure within the Children's section, which shelves children's books and also allows children to sit in the inside. It carries the theme of "Treasure Island", which encourages the children to explore and imagine.
One can also access the neighbouring Délifrance cafe from the first floor, which is connected to the library.
Second floor.
This floor has all other kinds of books, such as adult fiction, magazines, and AV materials. There are also several IT facilities on this floor, such as the Photocopying Room and the Cashcard-Top-up counter. On top of that, there is also a Senior Citizens' Room and a Newspaper Reading Room for a quiet reading environment.
This floor used to have a lot of computers on the whole floor, and less space was available for shelves and seats. These computer services were for users to have paid access to the Internet. The computers were also relatively old. However, after NLB's recent upgrading of computer services, they have reduced the number to 10, and upgraded the computers to newer ones as well.
Third floor.
This floor is the Teens Zone, where there are fiction books for teenagers, as well as a large space for them to carry out project meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="18376940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376940" title="Sechigo Station">
Sechigo Station


</doc>
<doc id="18376959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376959" title="Nagose Station">
Nagose Station


</doc>
<doc id="18376965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376965" title="List of palaces in Egypt">
List of palaces in Egypt

Egypt contains a large number of palaces, dating from the time of the Pharaohs, through the Romans, Fatimids, Memluks, and the modern Egyptian kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="18376971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376971" title="Mori Station (Osaka)">
Mori Station (Osaka)


</doc>
<doc id="18376982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376982" title="Bae Hae-Min">
Bae Hae-Min

Bae Hae-Min (; born 25 April 1988) is a South Korean footballer. He currently plays as a midfielder.
He began FC Seoul his club career at K-League in South Korea. He played only one game at Hauzen Cup 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18376990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376990" title="Mitsumatsu Station (Osaka)">
Mitsumatsu Station (Osaka)


</doc>
<doc id="18376991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376991" title="ITP Publishing Group">
ITP Publishing Group

ITP Publishing Group is a magazine publishing company focusing on the Middle East. The company, founded in 1987, publishes over 60 magazines in both Arabic and English.
The group is part of ITP Holdings, a privately held, owner-managed company. which was founded in 1987 in the UK. The group won The Queen's Award for Export Achievement in 1995. The company subsequently relocated to Dubai in the United Arab Emirates.
The company publishes magazines, organizes conferences, exhibitions and operates websites. The portfolio of publications includes more than 80 weekly and monthly magazines, many of general interest, some primarily having retail distribution, and include the in-flight magazine of Etihad Airways, and catalogues, previews and daily show newspapers for exhibitions. The company also organises more than 50 business and consumer events and conferences each year. 
The group operates regional websites, including arabianbusiness.com, AhlanLive, and Masala for a general audience, as well as industry news websites such as ConstructionWeekOnline.com]. HotelierMiddleEast.com, and ArabianOilandGas.com.
The group has subsidiaries in Bahrain, India and the UK. It employs close to 600 staff, divided between the Dubai Media City headquarters building and in its national offices in Bahrain, Mumbai and London. The group is registered in the British Virgin Islands under company registration number 1402846 

</doc>
<doc id="18377000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377000" title="Mikayamaguchi Station">
Mikayamaguchi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18377019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377019" title="Ken Searle">
Ken Searle

Ken Searle (born 1951) is an Australian artist who was born in Sydney and grew up around Cooks River in the south-western suburbs of the city.
Searle is a self-taught artist who began exhibiting his paintings and drawings in the mid 1970s and has held at least 24 solo exhibitions since. He is known for large, and often whimsical, paintings, in oil on canvas, of suburban and industrial areas in several Australian cities.
From 1998 to 2001 Searle worked as a consultant at the school in the Aboriginal community of Papunya in central Australia, the place where the Western Desert Art Movement originated. During his time there he produced many works depicting the local landscape.
Searle has also collaborated with writer Nadia Wheatley on the production of two books, "Papunya School Book of Country and History", and "Going Bush".

</doc>
<doc id="18377038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377038" title="Antonio Bailetti">
Antonio Bailetti

Antonio Bailetti (Bosco di Nanto, September 29, 1937) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer. During the 1960 Summer Olympics, Bailetti won the golden medal in the team time trial race. In 1961, Bailetti became a professional cyclist. In 1962 and 1963 he won a stage in the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia.

</doc>
<doc id="18377055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377055" title="Gobiconodon">
Gobiconodon

Gobiconodon is an extinct genus of carnivorous mammal from the early Cretaceous. It weighed and measured , and might have resembled a large and robust opossum. It was one of the largest mammals known from the Mesozoic.

</doc>
<doc id="18377086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377086" title="Darbhanga Aviations">
Darbhanga Aviations

Darbhanga Aviations was a private Indian airline started by Maharaja Kameshwar Singh of Darbhanga. Darbhanga Aviations was started in 1950 and became defunct by 1962.
History.
After World War - II, many military planes had become surplus and were sold at cheap price. Darbhanga Aviation was started with four Douglas DC-3 aircraft (2 No.s of C-47A-DL and 1 No. of C-47A-DK), purchased from the U.S. Air Force.
Incidents and Accidents.
One of these planes (Registration - VT-DEM) got destroyed in an accident near Calcutta on 01-03-1954. This plane was on Scheduled Domestic Service out of Calcutta, India, when it crashed on takeoff from Calcutta. The No.1 engine of the DC-3 caught fire immediately after takeoff from Calcutta runway 19R. The aircraft failed to gain height, stalled and crashed into trees, 3330 feet past the runway end. 2 of the 8 passengers, and all 3 crew members aboard the DC3 were killed in the crash. The 6 surviving passengers were all critically injured. Although the engine fire was the primary cause of the crash, the pilot was also cited for a delay in feathering the engine, and the extreme nose up altitude of the plane during takeoff. Both of those factors contributed to the downing of the plane. 
Another plane bearing registration No. VT-AYG crashed on 24 MAY 1962 near Rajshahi in Bangladesh. The cause of crash has been attributed to fatigue failure of the no. 1 engine forcing the crew of the DC-3 to continue on a single engine (no. 2). After a while the remaining engine lost power due to overheating resulting in crash of the aircraft.
The third aircraft (registration No. VT-DEM) was taken over by Indian Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="18377150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377150" title="Hong Soon-Hak">
Hong Soon-Hak

Hong Soon-Hak (; born September 19, 1980) is a South Korean football player who was play at midfielder for Suwon Samsung Bluewings at K-League in South Korea.
His previous club was Daegu FC at K-League in South Korea and Grazer AK in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="18377159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377159" title="Willy Vannitsen">
Willy Vannitsen

Willy Vannitsen (Sint-Truiden, 8 February 1935 — Tienen, 19 August 2001) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer. In 1962, Vannitsen won two stages in the 1962 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18377183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377183" title="C81">
C81

C81 may refer to :
C-81 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18377197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377197" title="Against the Grain (radio program)">
Against the Grain (radio program)

Against the Grain is a syndicated Pacifica Radio program of radical ideas and action. The show originates out of the studios of KPFA-FM, the flagship station in the Pacifica Radio Network. Against the Grain focuses on in-depth analysis and commentary by some of the most prominent Left intellectuals today, on a variety of matters—political, economic, social and cultural—important to progressive and radical thinking and activism, such as environmental issues, political economics, the global justice movement, philosophical and cultural ideas, and race and gender relations.
Overview.
"Against the Grain" was founded in March 2003 at KPFA-FM in the San Francisco Bay Area by radio journalists C.S. Soong and Sasha Lilley. The ongoing program was born from a four-part radio series co-hosted and co-produced by Soong and Lilley, entitled Free Radicals, which aimed to challenge conventional wisdom on the Left. C.S. Soong is the program's regular host and producer and Eddie Yuen, co-editor of "Confronting Capitalism: Dispatches from a Global Movement," is currently the show's associate producer. Sasha Lilley is on leave from Against the Grain to work as KPFA's acting program director. Lilley and AK Press founder Ramsey Kanaan are the program's alternate hosts. 
The program can be heard noon to 1 pm PT/ 3pm to 4pm ET, Monday through Wednesday, at kpfa.org, or archived and podcast at againstthegrain.org. In Northern and Central California, the program can be heard on KPFA 94.1 FM and KFCF 88.1 FM.

</doc>
<doc id="18377206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377206" title="Frank Walls">
Frank Walls

Frank Walls is an American illustrator and board game designer working primarily in the publishing and table-top gaming industry. He was the Creative Director of Empty Room Studios Publishing. He has done illustration work for Talisman, Warhammer, Runebound, and many other board and role-playing games. He has also done a number of book covers for Dark Regions Press, Darkfuse Publishing, and Bad Moon Books. In 2010 he started Project Zero Games. This independent game studio produces board-games and roleplaying game supplements.

</doc>
<doc id="18377211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377211" title="A Psalm of Life">
A Psalm of Life

"A Psalm of Life" is a poem written by American writer Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.
Composition and publication history.
Longfellow wrote the poem shortly after completing lectures on German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and was heavily inspired by him. He was also inspired to write it by a heartfelt conversation he had with friend and fellow professor at Harvard University Cornelius Conway Felton; the two had spent an evening "talking of matters, which lie near one's soul:–and how to bear one's self doughtily in Life's battle: and make the best of things". The next day, he wrote "A Psalm of Life".
The poem was first published in "The Knickerbocker" attributed only to "L." Longfellow was promised five dollars for its publication, though he never received payment. "A Psalm of Life" and other early poems by Longfellow, including "The Village Blacksmith" and "The Wreck of the Hesperus", were collected and published as "Voices of the Night" in 1839. This volume sold for 75 cents.
In the summer of 1838, Longfellow wrote "The Light of Stars", a poem which he called "A Second Psalm of Life".

</doc>
<doc id="18377213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377213" title="Got the Feelin'">
Got the Feelin'

"Got the Feelin'" is the third single released by British boy band Five, from their debut album "5ive". "Got the Feelin'" reached a peak position of No. 3 on the UK Singles Chart becoming the band's third top ten single and their highest-charting single until the album's next single "Everybody Get Up" reached No. 2. "Got the Feelin'" debuted at No. 35 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart, and eventually peaked at No. 6 becoming the band's third consecutive top ten hit. "Got the Feelin'" was also a success across Europe and Oceania having reached the top five in New Zealand and Belgium, the top ten in the Netherlands and Finland and the top twenty in Sweden. The song was the 23rd biggest selling boyband single of the 1990s in the UK selling 375,000 copies and has received a Silver sales status certification.

</doc>
<doc id="18377231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377231" title="Utah State Route 195 (1947–2007)">
Utah State Route 195 (1947–2007)

State Route 195 (SR-195) was a north–south state highway in the U.S. state of Utah, following 2300 East in Salt Lake County. Formed in 1947, the route initially created a link from south of the University of Utah to future I-80. By the late-1960s, the route was extended south to Holladay, including an unbuilt portion of 2300 East between 2100 South and I-80. Following relinquishments of the route to Salt Lake City and Holladay, the road was deleted from the state highway system in 2007.
Route description.
Holladay.
SR-195 started at a four-way intersection with SR-266 in what is now the city of Holladay; though not state-maintained, the road extended a few blocks south of SR-266, passing Holladay Elementary (now Holladay's city hall), to a nearly 45° three-way intersection with Holladay Boulevard (which itself intersected Murray-Holladay Road (former SR-174) only a few yards (meters) south of that). The proximity of the two intersections caused complex traffic problems that were solved in the late 2000s (decade) by pedestrianizing Holladay Boulevard northwest of the intersection.
SR-195 itself (north of SR-266) proceeded north with one lane in each direction, a center turn lane, and a nearly continuous sidewalk on the east side. It passed the west side of Olympus High School just south of 3900 before leaving (what is now) incorporated Holladay at 3900 South. Other than the high school and small commercial developments south of 3900 south, the state-maintained portion of 2300 East passed through uniformly residential suburban areas in what is now Holladay.
Millcreek Township.
SR-195's surroundings and cross-section remained similar to those in the Holladay area until the intersection with 3300 South (SR-171), with commercial developments only near the 3900 South and 3300 South intersections. However, after crossing over Mill Creek at about 3500 South, SR-195 ran along the west edge of what is now the Evergreen Avenue Historic District and passed in front of a former radio factory on the north bank of Mill Creek.
North of 3300 South, the surroundings reverted to mostly residential, and, approaching I-80, the lack of the calming effects of local traffic due to the road's direct connection to the freeway and simultaneous lack of connections to other major destinations or cross streets made the road's high speed traffic a barrier to all forms of cross traffic, including the proposed Parley's Trail. Salt Lake County now proposes to build a roundabout near the I-80 exit to help calm the traffic and provide better access across the highway.
Salt Lake City (pre-1981).
Between Foothill Drive (US-40A) and south of 2100 South (US-40), former SR-195 contained two lanes in each direction as it headed south of the University of Utah. For many years, 2300 East ended abruptly just before I-80 in preparation for a future bridge over the Interstate. However, this connection of SR-195 over the freeway never came to fruition, leaving two unused sections of road on both sides. The whole highway also ran on the east bench of the Salt Lake Valley at about .
History.
The state legislature created SR-195 in 1947, following 2300 East from 2100 South (then US-40 through Salt Lake City) north to Foothill Drive (SR-186). The State Road Commission extended the route south from SR-186 to proposed I-80 in 1961. In 1968, the route was extended south to Holladay Boulevard near Murray-Holladay Road (former SR-174) in Holladay, at the same time as it removed SR-152 from that area. However, when the legislature approved the latter change, it instead placed the south terminus at a newly created extension of SR-266 (4500 South). By 1971, an interchange at I-80 giving eastbound travelers on that route an exit to southbound SR-195 and vice-versa was completed. The portion north of I-80, including jurisdiction of a never-built portion between I-80 and 2100 South, was given back to Salt Lake City in 1981. The portion within Holladay (south of 3900 South) was relinquished in 2006, and the legislature deleted the remainder the next year.
Major intersections.
The entire route was in Salt Lake County. Junctions shaded in gray reflect the routing of SR-195 from 1947 to 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18377241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377241" title="Black lancer">
Black lancer

The Black lancer (Bagrichthys macracanthus) is a species of bagrid catfish found in Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia and Thailand. It grows to a length of 25.0 cm.
It is the only species of the genus "Bagrichthys" that is traded for the aquarium hobby. When these fish are first imported, they are often young and in bad condition. It has been recommended to acclimate these fish at a high temperature (about 29°C or 85°F). Though nocturnal, this species may be trained to eat in the light; it may even be trained to feed from the owner's hand. These fish tend to be territorial among their own kinds though this behavior can be reduced by placing a male with multiple females. This species is quite adaptable with pH and DH and will thrive as long as extremes are avoided. 

</doc>
<doc id="18377251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377251" title="Utah State Route 195">
Utah State Route 195

Utah State Route 195 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18377261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377261" title="List of The Secret Life of the American Teenager episodes">
List of The Secret Life of the American Teenager episodes

"The Secret Life of the American Teenager" is a television series that created by Brenda Hampton. It first aired on ABC Family on July 1, 2008 in the United States. The show was renewed for a second season consisting of 24 episodes on February 9, 2009, which began airing on June 22, 2009. It started airing its 25 episode third season on June 7, 2010. On January 10, 2011, The Secret Life of the American Teenager was renewed for a third season along with a second season of the ABC Family hit show, "Pretty Little Liars". Both shows are tentatively scheduled for a summer run. As of , , 108 episodes have aired. The first volume of season one is available on DVD in Regions 1 and 4, while the remaining DVDs are only available in Regions 1. Since the series premiered, it has averaged 3 million viewers per episode.
"The Secret Life of the American Teenager" focuses on the relationships between families and friends and how they deal with the unexpected teenage pregnancy of character Amy Juergens, who is portrayed by Shailene Woodley.
Home media.
Each "Secret Life" season is released on DVD in separate volumes. Season one, confusingly, is sold as volume one and volume two. Season two is sold as volume three and four. Season one, volume one has been released in Regions 1 and 4, while season one, volume two, season two, volume one and two have been released only in Region 1. The season one DVD was released in Australia on December 1, 2009, and a future Blu-ray format is planned for release.

</doc>
<doc id="18377291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377291" title="30 South Meridian">
30 South Meridian

30 South Meridian is a high rise in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was completed in 1929 and has 13 floors. It is primarily used for retail space.
It was originally built as an expansion of the L. S. Ayres store, and is now part of the Carson Pirie Scott store in Circle Center Mall, with the upper floors used as leased office space.

</doc>
<doc id="18377321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377321" title="SMOT – Business School">
SMOT – Business School

SMOT School of Business is a business school founded in 2006 in the city of Chennai, India. SMOT offers 18 months Full Time and 24 months Weekend Post Graduate Diploma in Business Administration (PGDBA) in collaboration with Saint Mary's University, Canada and Bharathidasan University, Trichy. 
SMOT is a private and autonomous institution run under the aegis of Golden Academy of Higher Education Pvt. Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="18377330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377330" title="DCC Doppelmayr Cable Car">
DCC Doppelmayr Cable Car

DCC Doppelmayr Cable Car is a supplier of Automated People Movers (APM) based in Wolfurt, Austria. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Doppelmayr Garaventa Group. Their main product is the ropeway-propelled CABLE Liner shuttle used in airports, city centres, intermodal passenger transport connections, park and ride facilities, campuses, resorts, and amusement parks.
In 2003, after the world’s only Maglev transport system at Birmingham International Airport fell into disrepair, DCC installed the "AirRail Link" to replace the Maglev and temporary replacement bus-service that had been operating since 1995.
DCC is an certified company.
Company history.
DCC was established by the Doppelmayr Group in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18377339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377339" title="JW Marriott Shanghai">
JW Marriott Shanghai

The JW Marriott Hotel Shanghai is a flagship hotel of the Marriott Group in Shanghai, China.
Architecture.
With a height of 60 storeys (283 metres), Tomorrow Square stands as the tallest building in downtown Puxi. Famous locales such as the Shanghai Grand Theatre, the Shanghai Museum, Shanghai Art Museum, Xin Tian Di, Nanjing Pedestrian Walk, and the Bund are just a few of the places accessible by foot.
Tomorrow Square was designed by Richards Mixon of John Portman & Associates. It houses the JW Marriott Hotel Shanghai and the Tomorrow Square, Shanghai - Marriott Executive Apartments. Mr. Mixon came to the realisation that a building raised here must not only be distinguished now but also in the future. 
At the base of Tomorrow Square is a four-story plaza reserved for commercial purposes. 360 Gourmet Shop is on the ground floor. Parkway Health and University of Maryland Rober H Smith - School of Business are both located on the 4th floor.
The fifth floor accommodates the business centre at the JW Marriott Hotel Shanghai, including a total of 13 meeting rooms and other facilities, as well as JW’s Ballroom, the Junior Ballroom, and other subsidiary function and pre-function spaces. The Health Club gymnasium as well as Mandara Spa - a branch of Asia’s leading spa operator – is situated on the sixth floor while the seventh floor features both an indoor and outdoor pool situated at the top of the commercial and facilities podium.
At the 38th floor, Tomorrow Square deviates from its solid base by rotating 45°along the Nanjing Road and People’s Park axis. Because of this rotation, Tomorrow Square can appear radically different from different perspectives. Walking around the building at a distance might even lead one to believe that the certain portions of the building swell and shrink like a mirage. The deep Vs on the exterior preceding this twist provide buttressing for the building’s new orientation but also work as an adventurous expression of form. 

</doc>
<doc id="18377390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377390" title="William Samuel Cox">
William Samuel Cox

William Samuel Cox (1831–1895) was a pioneer of Thoroughbred racing in Australia. He founded the Moonee Valley Racing Club in 1883, on land he leased in 1882. The Cox Plate, a prestigious horse racing event, is named after him.
Other members of Cox's family to contribute to Australian racing include his sons A. H. (Archie) Cox and W. S. Cox, Jr.; the latter's son William Stanley "Bill" Cox; and his son, William Murray Cox.
The family was inducted into the Australian Racing Hall of Fame "en bloc" in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18377397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377397" title="Dover Seawolves">
Dover Seawolves

The Dover Seawolves are an independent Junior A ice hockey team that plays in the America East Hockey League. The team plays home games at the Dover Ice Arena in Dover, New Hampshire.
Team history.
The Seawolves franchise joined the AEHL for the leagues first season in 2005 as the Exeter Seawolves from 2005-2007, playing in Exeter, New Hampshire. The team participates in the America East Hockey League as well as exhibition games against college teams to help players gain experience.
2008- Dover SeaWolves no longer a hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="18377415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377415" title="Zhang Xin (businesswoman)">
Zhang Xin (businesswoman)

Zhang Xin (, born 1965) is a Chinese business magnate. Presently, she is the CEO of SOHO China, the largest commercial real estate developer in Beijing, and as of September 2012, the chairwoman of Teach For China Board of Directors.
Early life and education.
In the 1950s, Zhang Xin's parents, third generation Burmese Chinese, left Burma and immigrated to China, leaving behind their confectionery business. There, they worked as translators at the Bureau of Foreign Languages. They separated during the Cultural Revolution.
Born in Beijing in 1965, Zhang Xin moved to Hong Kong at the age of 14 with her mother and lived in a room just big enough for two bunk beds. To save for an education abroad, she worked for five years in small factories that make garment and electronic products. As she has described, the 'conditions there were similar to those in mainland China today'.
By 19, she had saved enough for airfare to London and supporting herself for English study at secretarial school. Later, she studied Economics at the University of Sussex. In 1992, she graduated with a Master’s Degree in Development Economics from Cambridge University. In 2013, Zhang Xin received honorary Doctor of Laws from her Alma Mater, University of Sussex.
Career.
Upon graduation, she was hired by Barings Plc to work in Hong Kong. She soon moved to Goldman Sachs and started working for the investment bank in New York City. In 1994, she switched to Travelers Group before returning to her hometown, Beijing. She co-founded Hongshi (meaning Red Stone), which became SOHO China, with her husband Pan Shiyi in 1995.
The couple was described by The "Times of London" as 'China’s most visible and flamboyant property tycoons'.
SOHO China is the largest property developer in central Beijing.
Zhang Xin has won many prestigious international awards for her role as a patron of visionary architecture in China and as an innovative entrepreneur. She won "BusinessWeek"´s Stars of Asia Award for the year of 2004, and was awarded a Special Prize at the 8th la Biennale di Venezia for Commune by the Great Wall, a private collection of architecture featuring the works of twelve Asian architects. Commune by the Great Wall is now a boutique hotel. She also received the Year 2004 Montblanc Arts Patronage Award. In 2007, she was selected as one of the "Ten Women to Watch in Asia" by the Wall Street Journal. In 2008, she was listed among Forbes Magazine's "World's Most Powerful Women". In 2009, Zhang Xin was included among Forbes’ "Top Ten Billionaire Women We Admire" and Financial Times’ "Top 50 Women in World Business". In March 2010, she was named among "China Top 10 Career Women Role Models in 2009" by the All-China Women’s Federation, China Sun Media Group, Sina.com and Hunan TV. In 2011, Zhang Xin was named among the "The International Power 50" of the "Most Powerful Women" by Fortune Magazine, and was again recognized as one of "World's Most Powerful Women" by Forbes.
Zhang Xin is a member and Young Global Leader of World Economic Forum, Davos, a member of Asia Business Council and a Board Member of the Council on Foreign Relations. She served as a Trustee to the China Institute in America from 2005 to 2010, and was recognized by the China Institute with the Blue Cloud Award in 2010.
Personal life.
Zhang Xin and her husband, Pan Shiyi, have been members of the Bahá'í Faith since 2005. She also made a cameo appearance as a Chinese merchant in the 2010 film "".

</doc>
<doc id="18377431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377431" title="Hindley South railway station">
Hindley South railway station

Hindley South was a railway station located in Hindley, Greater Manchester, Lancashire, England.
Location and nearby stations.
The station was located on the Wigan Central line, now the Wigan North Western to Glazebrook line. There were also stations serving Hindley at Platt Bridge and Hindley Green on the line from Wigan North Western to Manchester Exchange. Hindley (North) railway station on the line from Wigan Wallgate to Bolton/Atherton/Manchester remains open today.
Opening and closure.
The station opened as Strangeways and Hindley in 1884 and was renamed in 1892 to Hindley and Platt Bridge, this name being used for most of the station's operational life. The station was renamed to Hindley South in 1950. The station was closed on November 2nd 1964.
Goods station.
Hindley and Platt Bridge goods station was situated immediately north of the passenger station, being located on a short branch line.

</doc>
<doc id="18377463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377463" title="Instanton fluid">
Instanton fluid

In quantum chromodynamics, the instanton fluid model is a model of Wick rotated Euclidean quantum chromodynamics. If we examine the path integral of the action, we find that it has infinitely many local minima, corresponding to varying instanton numbers. It turns out that the dominant contribution to the path integral comes from configurations with consisting of a pool of instantons and antiinstantons. The exponential suppression coming from the increased action is compensated by the increased phase space factor coming from all the instantons. In other words, the "Euclidean" free energy is minimized by a pool of instantons.
We also know that in the presence of an instanton, left-handed quarks of each flavor will be produced and right-handed quarks annihilated. This evidently will have consequences to the chiral dynamics of the theory.

</doc>
<doc id="18377485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377485" title="Inmarsat-4 F3">
Inmarsat-4 F3

Inmarsat-4 F3 is a communications satellite operated by the British satellite operator Inmarsat. It was launched into a geosynchronous orbit at 22:43 GMT on 18 August 2008, by a Proton-M/Briz-M Enhanced carrier rocket. It is currently located at 98° West of the Greenwich Meridian, providing coverage of the Americas. It entered service on 7 January 2009.
Like the earlier Inmarsat-4 F1 and F2 satellites, Inmarsat-4 F3 was constructed by EADS Astrium, using a Eurostar E3000 bus. It has a mass of 5,960 kilograms, and is expected to operate for 13 years. It was originally slated for launch using an Atlas V 531, but was transferred to Proton due to a large backlog of Atlas launches.

</doc>
<doc id="18377488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377488" title="Zhang Xin">
Zhang Xin

Zhang Xin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18377495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377495" title="Boguszyn, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Boguszyn, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Boguszyn () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377496" title="Hanakuma Station">
Hanakuma Station

History.
The station opened with the rest of the Kobe Rapid Transit Railway network on April 7, 1968. On January 17, 1995 the station was closed due to the Great Hanshin Earthquake; services to Shinkaichi resumed on February 6 that year, and to Sannomiya on June 1.
Layout.
There are two eight-car-long side platforms at 2nd basement level serving two tracks.
Services.
Trains run 0455-0020 every day. The typical hourly off-peak weekday service is:

</doc>
<doc id="18377498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377498" title="Brzezinki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Brzezinki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Brzezinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377500" title="Bukowa Góra">
Bukowa Góra

Bukowa Góra may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18377504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377504" title="Onirama">
Onirama

Onirama is a Greek pop rock band that has had a number of hits in Greece. They are known for their wide range of music, and party-like concerts.
Career.
2000-2005: Beginnings & First successes.
Onirama was founded in October 2000 from the idea of Thodoris Marantinis and Dionisis Prantzis after they met during their military services. Giorgos and Dimitris Kokonidis were also founding members, and a couple of months later Kostas Karakatsanis joined. The band originally started off as a hobby, with the name "Mixing Up The Medicine" inspired by lyrics from a Bob Dylan song. The name was a reflection of the wide range of music they played.
Their first live performance was at club "Mesogios" in Thessaloniki. Their concert and party-like live performances, quickly distinguished them among fans and people around Thessaloniki, causing the band to take themselves more seriously.
In 2003 Christos Tresintsis joined Onirama and they began a series of appearances at clubs around Thessaloniki including "Mylos", "Shark", "Rodon Club" in Athens and several festivals. In mid-2003, the band renamed themselves Onirama as their band became more of a reality. The name comes from a Greek phrase "Onira Mas" meaning "Our Dreams".
In October 2004, Onirama began appearing at "Malt & Jazz" with their signature live performances causing talk around Thessaloniki. Around the same time, the band began writing their first album and searching for a record label.
2005-2008: First studio album.
In 2005 they signed with Lyra Records and released their debut album "Diskolos Kairos Gia Prinkipes" (A tough time for princes) on 7 December 2005. The lead single "O Horos (Klise Ta Matia)" (The Dance, Close your eyes) became a radio hit and gained Onirama popularity, while the second single "Mia Mera Tha 'Rtheis" (One day you will come) also became a radio hit.
In the Summer of 2006, they made appearances all over Chalkidiki, while they appeared in Athens all winter long with Antonis Remos. In January 2006, Onirama decided to change things up, and participated in an interactive musical performance directed by Rigos Kostantinos at "Theatro Dasous" in Thessaloniki. In the performance, the members of the band each unfold another aspect of their characters, while interacting with the audience.
In March 2006, Onirama was nominated for "Best pop band" at the 5th Arion Music Awards, while they also appeared with Ble, Adrianna Babali, Vasilis Papakonstandinou, and Michalis Hatzigiannis.
On February 21, 2007, Onirama collaborated with Antonis Remos for the 4th MAD Secret Concert. At the concert, they sang many English hits, and fans nicknamed the collaboration "OniRemos". In summer 2007, Onirama and Antonis Remos toured Greece together.
2008-Present: "Klepsidra", "Horis Etia" and "Sti Hora Ton Trelon".
For the winter season 2007-2008, Onirama successfully appeared alone at popular "Club Cinema Live" at Peiraios 130 in Athens with their signature live performances. In March 2008, they entered the studio to record their second studio album.
In June 2008, Onirama released their second album "Klepsidra" (Hourglass) which reached number 1 on the IFPI charts and later was certified gold. The album also placed at number eleven on IFPI's Year-end chart for "Top 50 Greek albums of 2008", and number thirteen on the "Top 50 Greek and International albums of 2008". The lead single "I Balanta Tou Trellou" (The crazy guy's ballad) instantly became a radio hit. The album also featured their first English song to appear on an album, titled "Maybe Tonight". The title track "Klepsidra" was released as the second single, and reached the number 1 spot in airplay. "Oti Den Exeis" (Whatever you don't have) was released as the third single, and as of November 2009, is in the top 5 of the airplay charts. In June 2008, they appeared at the MAD Video Music Awards. Around the same time, they were also voted the "Next big name" in Greece by MAD TV voters.
Throughout summer 2008, Onirama toured all of Greece, while in the winter, they appeared with Despina Vandi. Also, a major defining point in the group's career was on August 1, where the group performed as the opening act in front of thousands of people for international superstar Lenny Kravitz on his "Love Revolution Tour", which was a concert in Athens.
On November 26, 2009 Onirama released a compilation album titled "Horis Etia" (Without reason). The two-disc album features collaborations with other singers covering songs from the band's first two albums, new versions of past songs, remixes, as well as some new songs. For the winter season, Onirama appeared in a concert series with Michalis Hatzigiannis at club REX in Athens.
In early November, Onirama released a new studio album titled "Sti Hora Ton Trelon". The album contains 12 songs, with two of them being in English.
Discography.
Studio albums.
All the albums listed underneath were released and charted in Greece and Cyprus.

</doc>
<doc id="18377505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377505" title="Bukowa Góra, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bukowa Góra, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bukowa Góra () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377507" title="Chwiram">
Chwiram

Chwiram () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately south of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 790.
Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland, 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history, see Wałcz County.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377513" title="Czapla, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Czapla, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Czapla () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377515" title="Czechyń">
Czechyń

Czechyń () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377516" title="Czepiec">
Czepiec

Czepiec may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18377519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377519" title="Czepiec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Czepiec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Czepiec (, ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377520" title="Dębołęka, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Dębołęka, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Dębołęka () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 380.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377526" title="Dobino, Wałcz County">
Dobino, Wałcz County

Dobino () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377531" title="Dobrogoszcz, Wałcz County">
Dobrogoszcz, Wałcz County

Dobrogoszcz () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377533" title="Dobrzyca, Wałcz County">
Dobrzyca, Wałcz County

Dobrzyca () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377534" title="Qasim">
Qasim

Qasim is the transliteration of the male given name (, ), pronounced with a long first syllable. The meaning is "one who distributes". The first known bearer of the name was the son of prophet Mohammed. 
There is an occasional variant spelling, (, ), distinguished by a long second syllable. Both names can also be used as surnames.

</doc>
<doc id="18377535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377535" title="Dobrzyca Leśna">
Dobrzyca Leśna

Dobrzyca Leśna () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377537" title="Dzikowo, Wałcz County">
Dzikowo, Wałcz County

Dzikowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377539" title="Sinoy Hill">
Sinoy Hill

Sinoy Hill is an island in the Mumbai harbour. In 2005, Chief Minister Vilasrao Deshmukh had inspected the location as a site for the location of a statue in honour of Shivaji, a revered Maratha king.

</doc>
<doc id="18377540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377540" title="Trial Kennedy">
Trial Kennedy

Trial Kennedy were an Australian rock band formed in 2002, in Melbourne, Victoria. After 10 years together Trial Kennedy announced their break-up.
History.
Early work.
Forming in 2002, Trial Kennedy's first release was an independent extended play (EP), "Present for a Day", in 2004. However, it was not until 2006's "Picture Frame" EP that the band began amounting some form of recognition. A chance inclusion of the band's song "Damage on Parade" on a sampler for Blunt Magazine roused industry attention. Shortly afterwards, the band found themselves with both a manager and a national booking agent.
Early Touring.
The band has toured with popular international bands such as Fall Out Boy and Yellowcard. They played legs on the 2007 and 2008 Soundwave festivals, as well as the 2008 Come Together Music Festival.
The band supported Birds of Tokyo in the Wild Eyed Boy tour in March 2009.
"New Manic Art".
Trial Kennedy released their debut studio album, "New Manic Art", on 31 May 2008. The album was produced by Nick DiDia, who has worked with Powderfinger, the Stone Temple Pilots, Incubus and Audioslave. 
The album had a strong critical reaction. Kathy McCabe noted that the band "demonstrated the kind of chops that could take them around the world. Seriously, they're that good." Elsewhere, Nick Snelling of BEAT Magazine claimed that "New Manic Art" was "an album of the year contender;" an idea shared by Matthew Cheetham of Sydney street press Drum Media. Positive reviews also came from the Daily Telegraph, the Herald Sun, triple j Magazine, Time Out Magazine, Zoo Magazine, Perth's XPRESS Magazine, BLUNT Magazine and Sputnikmusic.
"Living Undesigned".
In September 2010 the band began work on recording their second album at Sing Sing Recording Studios in Melbourne with renowned producer Eric J.
The first song from the second album, titled "Strange Behaviour" was released on 10 November 2010. Australian youth radio station Triple J played this song on high rotation over the summer of 2010/2011 and was available as a free download for a short period of time from the Triple J website.
The first official single from the second album, titled "Best of Tomorrow" was released on 4 March 2011 with an Australian wide tour of the same name planned for March 2011.
On 10 April 2011, Trial Kennedy announced the title of their forthcoming album, "Living Undesigned", which was released on 13 May 2011.
Four more songs from the album, titled "Sally", "Exology", "Living Undesigned" and "Breath a Dime" were previewed on their Facebook page.
Ignite Tour.
In November 2010, Trial Kennedy completed a tour of the east coast of Australia with Shihad. The band toured to Canberra, Sydney, Brisbane, Gold Coast, Melbourne and Adelaide.
Best of Tomorrow Tour – Part 1.
In March 2011 Trial Kennedy embarked on an East Coast tour of Australia with various supporting bands for each city including Numbers Radio, The Bloodpoets and The Ivys. The tour visited Adelaide, Melbourne, Brisbane and Sydney and promote the release of the new single by the same name.
Final tour and split.
On April 16, 2012, the band announced via Facebook that "For a number of reasons all of us in the band have chosen to close down the project that is Trial Kennedy."
The press release continued:
The band announced their final tour dates for June 2012 with supports including My Echo and Sendfire.
Their last gig was at The Corner Hotel, Melbourne, on Jun 23, 2012.
In April, 2013, Tim auditioned for "Season 2" of "The Voice (Australia)" and after successfully having two judges turn their chair he chose "Delta Goodrem" as his coach. He successfully defeated Oscar Chavesz in the Battle Rounds. He then progressed through the Showdown Rounds as one of the final four members of Goodrem's team left in the competition.
Discography.
Singles.
NOTE: The single "The Great Escape" featured a different version of the song to the version found on the album "New Manic Art".

</doc>
<doc id="18377542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377542" title="Glinki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Glinki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Glinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377546" title="Oluf Braren">
Oluf Braren

Oluf Braren (25 February 1787 – 22 March 1839) was a painter of naïve art from the north Frisian island of Föhr. Some of his works show a strong affinity to his Frisian homeland.
His paintings include portraits and depictions of public life as well as religious and mythological motives. Later works are influenced by Wilhelm Tischbein's art. Unknown and little appreciated during his lifetime, Braren's paintings became greatly valued during the 20th century.
Life.
Oluf Braren was born in Oldsum on Föhr in North Frisia. His father was a blacksmith and farmer. Aged 19 years, Braren became a teacher on the neighbouring island of Sylt after having educated himself in private study. His nephew Brar C. Braren noted that Oluf Braren had never had any other teachers than books. On 25 September 1808 he married a local woman named Meete Wilhelms. In addition to painting, Braren also enjoyed studying nature and built up an extensive natural history collection.
Around 1810, the couple moved to Utersum on Föhr where Braren worked as a teacher. There he began an affair with Ing Peter Matzen, a woman from the nearby hamlet of Hedehusum. That relationship lasted for about seven years and spawned two children while Braren's marriage remained without child. When it eventually became public, Braren lost his employment and was posted to Toftum to work as an auxiliary teacher—at a third of a regular teacher's salary.
Ing Peter Matzen's brother Peter Nahmen Matthiesen had befriended Braren and took lessons in painting and sketching from him. As Mathiessen developed an unusual talent around 1818, he went to Eutin to learn from Wilhelm Tischbein. Braren accompanied his former student on the journey and it is known that he stayed with Tischbein for a week. Thus he was at least indirectly influenced by Tischbein's art as can be seen in his later works.
In 1839 Braren died in Toftum, impoverished, from tuberculosis.
Reception.
His work was little known during his life and was not appreciated. Still in 1897 when the legacy of his nephew Jürgen Braren was distributed, the relatives preferred a miscroscope to three paintings by Oluf Braren. Only in the 20th century has his work become highly valued in Germany and the international art world.
Oluf Braren's life has been treated in two biographical novels:

</doc>
<doc id="18377547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377547" title="Głowaczewo, Wałcz County">
Głowaczewo, Wałcz County

Głowaczewo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377549" title="Golce">
Golce

Golce may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18377551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377551" title="Golce, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Golce, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Golce () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377553" title="Górnica, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Górnica, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Górnica () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377556" title="Gostomia">
Gostomia

Gostomia may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18377558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377558" title="Gostomia, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gostomia, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gostomia (German: "Arnsfelde") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately south of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland, 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history, see Wałcz County.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377563" title="Iłowiec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Iłowiec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Iłowiec () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377565" title="Jarogniewie">
Jarogniewie

Jarogniewie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377568" title="Jeziorko">
Jeziorko

Jeziorko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18377570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377570" title="Jeziorko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jeziorko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jeziorko () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377573" title="Karsibór, Wałcz County">
Karsibór, Wałcz County

Karsibór () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 930.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377576" title="Kłębowiec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kłębowiec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kłębowiec () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377578" title="Kłosowo">
Kłosowo

Kłosowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18377583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377583" title="Kłosowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kłosowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kłosowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377584" title="Kołatnik">
Kołatnik

Kołatnik () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377586" title="Kolno (disambiguation)">
Kolno (disambiguation)

Kolno may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18377590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377590" title="Kolno, Wałcz County">
Kolno, Wałcz County

Kolno () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has an approximate population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377593" title="Łąki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Łąki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Łąki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately south of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377597" title="Laski Wałeckie">
Laski Wałeckie

Laski Wałeckie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377604" title="Parish Centre of Worship">
Parish Centre of Worship

A Parish Centre of Worship is a church or other building licensed as such by the diocesan bishop in the Church of England, usually where there is no parish church. For most purposes it is deemed to be a parish church but it is dedicated, not consecrated, and parishioners have a right to be married in any neighbouring parish.

</doc>
<doc id="18377606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377606" title="Lipie, Wałcz County">
Lipie, Wałcz County

Lipie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377612" title="Lubno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Lubno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Lubno () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377614" title="No Byung-Jun">
No Byung-Jun

No Byung-Jun (; born 29 September 1979) is a South Korean football forward, who plays for Daegu F.C. in the South Korean K-League.
His previous clubs were Chunnam Dragons in the South Korean K-League and Grazer AK in Austrian Bundesliga.
In the 2009 AFC Champions League Final, He scored the decisive free kick goal against Al-Ittihad. The game ended 2-1 for Pohang Steelers and he was voted MVP of the match.
International career.
He scored his first international goal against Hong Kong on February 7, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18377616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377616" title="Ługi Wałeckie">
Ługi Wałeckie

Ługi Wałeckie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377621" title="Morzyca, Wałcz County">
Morzyca, Wałcz County

Morzyca () is a part of the town Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18377624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377624" title="Nagórze, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Nagórze, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Nagórze () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377626" title="Nakielno">
Nakielno

Nakielno () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
This was formerly the town of Klein Nakel, in the German provence of West Prussia. The population was expelled by the Poles and Russians.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377635" title="Nowa Szwecja">
Nowa Szwecja

Nowa Szwecja () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377637" title="Olszynka, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Olszynka, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Olszynka () is a part of the town Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18377638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377638" title="Omulno">
Omulno

Omulno () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377643" title="Ostrowiec, Wałcz County">
Ostrowiec, Wałcz County

Ostrowiec () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377646" title="Papowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Papowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Papowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377651" title="Piława, Wałcz County">
Piława, Wałcz County

Piława (German: "Pilowbrück") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377652" title="Pluskota">
Pluskota

Pluskota () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 18.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377658" title="Popowo (disambiguation)">
Popowo (disambiguation)

Popowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18377664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377664" title="Popowo, Wałcz County">
Popowo, Wałcz County

Popowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately south of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377665" title="Prusinówko">
Prusinówko

Prusinówko () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377669" title="Prusinowo Wałeckie">
Prusinowo Wałeckie

Prusinowo Wałeckie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377674" title="Przybkowo, Wałcz County">
Przybkowo, Wałcz County

Przybkowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377677" title="Różewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Różewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Różewo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately south of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 950.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377680" title="Rudki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Rudki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Rudki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377682" title="Stockholm &amp; Göteborg">
Stockholm &amp; Göteborg

Volume 6: Stockholm & Göteborg is a live CD by English avant-rock group Henry Cow, and is disc 6 of the 10-disc "40th Anniversary Henry Cow Box Set". It was released in September 2008 by RēR Megacorp as a free-standing album in advance of the box set release in January 2009.
"Stockholm & Göteborg" consists of previously unreleased recordings made by Sveriges Radio (Swedish Radio) of concerts performed by the group in May 1976 in Gothenburg and May 1977 in Stockholm. The concerts were later broadcast by Sveriges Radio in July 1976 and June 1977 respectively. Also included on the CD is a song from a concert in Hamburg in March 1976. The original 8 track and stereo 2 track master tapes were used and non-invasively remixed and remastered for this album by Bob Drake.
This was Henry Cow's first new release in 30 years and the first to include Georgie Born, the band's bassist and celloist from 1976 to 1978. It was also the first official release of the band performing "Erk Gah".
Content.
The album consists of three improvised pieces, "Stockholm 1", "Stockholm 2" and "Göteborg 1", and five composed pieces.
Featured on the album is "Erk Gah", a never before released Tim Hodgkinson composition that was performed live regularly by the band between 1976 and 1978, but never recorded in the studio. (Hodgkinson later recorded it in 1993 as "Hold to the Zero Burn, Imagine" on his 1994 solo album, "Each in Our Own Thoughts" with some of the former Henry Cow members and others.) Also featured for the first time is a never before released Fred Frith composition, "March" which the band used to end many of their concerts, and a cover of Phil Ochs's "No More Songs", arranged by Frith and the band's requiem to Ochs who had committed suicide in 1976. "Ottawa Song" is from an earlier concert in Hamburg with Dagmar Krause and John Greaves sharing the vocals, and was included on this CD by accident after having gotten mixed up with the Stockholm and Göteborg tapes. It is the same performance of "Ottawa Song" that appears on "", except for the introductory bassoon solo, which has been stripped off here.
Henry Cow performed the Gothenburg concert as the same quartet of Lindsay Cooper, Chris Cutler, Fred Frith and Tim Hodgkinson that had played at Trondheim two days previously. John Greaves had left the group two months previously, Georgie Born had not yet joined, and Dagmar Krause had withdrawn from the tour due to ill health. Without a dedicated bass guitarist and vocalist, the group improvised the set in the dark, as they had done at Trondheim, and used the same tapes they had prepared beforehand.
Track listing.
  2–6.   "Erk Gah" (aka "Hold to the Zero Burn, Imagine") (Hodgkinson) – 16:46
9–11.   "Göteborg 1" (Cooper, Cutler, Frith, Hodgkinson) – 16:53
Errors in CD liner notes.
After the release of this CD, errors in the liner notes surfaced.
A new CD inlay with revised and corrected liner notes was supplied with "The 40th Anniversary Henry Cow Box Set" that was released in January 2009. However the new liner notes still incorrectly credited John Greaves as co-composer on "Göteborg 1".

</doc>
<doc id="18377683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377683" title="Rudnica, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Rudnica, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Rudnica () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377687" title="Rusinowo, Gmina Wałcz">
Rusinowo, Gmina Wałcz

Rusinowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377691" title="Rutwica, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Rutwica, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Rutwica () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377692" title="Sitowo">
Sitowo

Sitowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377697" title="Smoląg, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Smoląg, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Smoląg (German: Teerofen") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377699" title="Sosnówka, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Sosnówka, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Sosnówka is a part of the town Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18377701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377701" title="Strączno">
Strączno

Strączno () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland, 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history, see History of Pomerania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377703" title="Second Reformed Dutch Church of Kingston">
Second Reformed Dutch Church of Kingston

Second Reformed Dutch Church of Kingston is a historic Dutch Reformed church located at Kingston, Ulster County, New York. It was built in 1850, and is a meeting house form church building constructed of native limestone blocks in the Gothic Revival style. It features a monumental, buttressed central entry / bell tower rising several stories to a pyramidal roof. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18377705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377705" title="Yohannan John">
Yohannan John

Yohannan John was born in 1960 in Malaysia of Indian descent. He is the chief anaesthesiologist and intensivst at Sparsh Hospital and the Director of Medical Services there.

</doc>
<doc id="18377709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377709" title="Daniel Gracie">
Daniel Gracie

Daniel "Gracie" Simoes, a native of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, is a practitioner of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and mixed martial arts. He is cousin to Renzo Gracie, Ralph Gracie, Charles Gracie and Ryan Gracie. He is currently an instructor at Renzo Gracie Academy in Stamford, Ct.
Biography.
Daniel “Gracie” Simoes was born June 28, 1972 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Being very close to his cousins; Charles, Renzo, Ralph and Ryan Gracie, jiu-jitsu was always present in Daniel’s life growing up. He started taking training more serious around 1982, training under Carlos Gracie, Jr. at Gracie Barra. He received his black belt in 1996 after winning at the World Jiu-Jitsu Championship in the absolute division as a brown belt.
Mixed martial arts.
Gracie has competed both in sport BJJ and mixed martial arts events such as the PRIDE Fighting Championships, the International Fight League, and the prestigious Abu Dhabi Combat Club Tournament. He fought for Team Gracie in the IFL, where he submitted former UFC fighter Wes Sims. After a TKO loss in 2006, Daniel decided to walk away from MMA for a while to concentrate on teaching BJJ at Renzo Gracie's Academy.
Return.
Gracie made his return to MMA after a 4 year hiatus from fighting. He fought at and earned a quick 1st round submission victory.
Bellator Fighting Championships.
Gracie participated in the Bellator Season 4 light heavyweight tournament that began in March 2011 on MTV2. He was eliminated in the opening round at Bellator 38 by Tim Carpenter via split decision.
Professional wrestling.
On October 14, 2013, Daniel, along with Rolles Gracie, Jr., made an appearance for professional wrestling promotion New Japan Pro Wrestling at the King of Pro-Wrestling pay-per-view, issuing an open challenge for the January 4, 2014, Wrestle Kingdom 8 in Tokyo Dome event, which was later answered by Yuji Nagata and Kazushi Sakuraba, the latter known as the "Gracie Hunter" for his MMA bouts with members of the Gracie family. The Gracies lost the match via disqualification, after Rolles choked Nagata out with his gi. A rematch between the two teams took place on February 11 at The New Beginning in Osaka and saw Rolles submit Sakuraba for the win.
Personal life.
Contrary to popular belief, Daniel is not a Gracie by blood; he is the cousin of brothers: Charles, Renzo, Ralph and Ryan Gracie. Having been raised amongst the Gracie family, Daniel decided to adopt the Gracie surname as his own professionally.

</doc>
<doc id="18377710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377710" title="Świętosław, West Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Świętosław, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Świętosław () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377712" title="Nishi-Motomachi Station">
Nishi-Motomachi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18377718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377718" title="Szwecja">
Szwecja

Szwecja (formerly German "Freudenfier") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland, 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history, see Wałcz County.
The village has a population of 800.

</doc>
<doc id="18377720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377720" title="Wałcz Drugi">
Wałcz Drugi

Wałcz Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377721" title="Utah State Route 110">
Utah State Route 110

State Route 110 (SR-110) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah, connecting SR-127 in Syracuse with SR-37 in West Point.
Route description.
SR-110 follows 4500 West in the Weber Valley, near the east shore of the Great Salt Lake and west of the Hooper Canal. The relatively flat route, at about above sea level, travels north from SR-127 to SR-37 through the Ogden suburbs of Syracuse and West Point.
History.
State Route 195 was created in 1935, running west and north from what was then the end of SR-108 in Syracuse through West Point to the then-end of SR-37 in Hooper. An extension of SR-37 cut back the north end of SR-195 to a point west of Clinton in 1945, and in 1947 the latter route was removed from the state highway system. The portion of SR-195 heading west from SR-108 was restored in 1965 as part of SR-127, and in 1969 a new SR-110 brought the remainder of old SR-195 back onto the system.
Major intersections.
The entire route is in Davis County.

</doc>
<doc id="18377722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377722" title="Witankowo">
Witankowo

Witankowo (formerly German "Wittkow") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 420.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377724" title="Zdbice">
Zdbice

Zdbice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Wałcz and east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18377749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377749" title="The 40th Anniversary Henry Cow Box Set">
The 40th Anniversary Henry Cow Box Set

The 40th Anniversary Henry Cow Box Set is a nine-CD plus one-DVD limited edition box set by English avant-rock group Henry Cow, and was released by RēR Megacorp in January 2009. It consists of over 10 hours of previously unreleased recordings made between 1972 and 1978 from concerts, radio broadcasts, one-off projects, events and the studio. Included are new compositions, over four hours of free improvisation, and live performances of some of Henry Cow's original LP repertoire.
Chris Cutler, of Henry Cow and Recommended Records, planned and coordinated the whole project. Assembly of the recordings began in the mid-1990s and were edited by Cutler. He also prepared and edited two books that are included in the box set. Bob Drake remastered and, where possible, non-invasively remixed the original recordings at Studio Midi-Pyrenees in France between 2004 and 2008.
The box set was expected to be ready before the end of 2008 to coincide with the 40th anniversary of the formation of Henry Cow, but the discovery of additional material delayed its release. Volume 6 of the box set, "Stockholm & Göteborg" was released separately by RēR Megacorp in September 2008 in advance of the box set's release.
Reception.
In a review of this box set, John Kelman at "All About Jazz" said that it "offers, for the first time, a comprehensive account of Henry Cow's breadth and depth." He went on to say that "If ever there were a group with a wrong to be righted, it would have to be Henry Cow. With a wellspring of unreleased material, an impressive editing and mastering job that's made even audience cassette recordings sound crystal clear, [...] "The 40th Anniversary Henry Cow Box Set" is the set die-hard fans have been waiting for." This review was listed at position 8 in "All About Jazz" "Top 100 Recommended CD Reviews of All Time".
François Couture of AllMusic described the box set as a "monument" and a "treasure trove". He said that it "present for the first time a complete picture of Henry Cow, from the rehearsal-intensive compositions to the ever-important improvisations, through all incarnations of the band and including both highs and lows." "Dusted Magazine" said that the set "fills in many missing historical and compositional links" and that it is a "fitting monument to one of the most interesting and eclectic groups to come out of the 1970s."
Content.
The box set is split into two boxes:
Subscribers to this box set received a third, empty box entitled "The Studio: Volumes 1–5" to hold the five Henry Cow studio recordings re-issued on CD. Space was left in "The Road: Volumes 1–5" box for the CD re-issue of "Henry Cow Concerts". These six original albums were re-issued by Recommended Records in the "Henry Cow Box" in 2006. Combining the "Henry Cow Box" and "The 40th Anniversary Henry Cow Box Set" gives the complete works of Henry Cow.
Box 1: "The Road: Volumes 1–5".
A 60-page book accompanies this box and contains the following:
"Volume 1: Beginnings".
Extracts from rehearsal and other tapes from before "Legend" (1973).
"Pre-Teenbeat I/II" are fragments later incorporated into "Teenbeat". Track 6 is an extended version of "Teenbeat" with a lengthy guitar solo from Fred Frith and an embedded free improvisation section. "Citizen King" became "Nine Funerals of the Citizen King", and "Nirvana for Moles" became "Nirvana for Mice" on "Legend". "Rapt in a Blanket" and "Came to See You" are two songs composed and sung by Frith around arrangements by Henry Cow. Frith had presented the songs to the group as just chords and a tune and in need of elaboration, which forced the band to adjust their approach from only working on longish instrumentals. At the time Chris Cutler had been rehearsing part-time with Henry Cow, and he has stated that it was this new challenge which prompted him to join the group permanently.
"With the Yellow Half-Moon and Blue Star" is a Frith composition that was commissioned by the Cambridge Contemporary Dance Group under Liebe Klug, and was named after a painting by Paul Klee ("Avec la demi-lune jaune et l'étoile bleue"). Only an extract of it appeared on "Legend", whereas it is featured here for the first time in its entirety. "Guider Tells of Silent Airborne Machine" is a suite of three instrumentals, "Olwyn Grainger" and "Betty McGowan" by the group and "Lottie Hare" ("a neo-classical miniature") by John Greaves. Its inspiration came from a news item that appeared on 23 August 1971 in "The Times" about a group of Girl Guide leaders, Olwyn Grainger, Lottie Hare and Betty McGowan who had reported witnessing a UFO.
Track list.
    "With the Yellow Half-Moon and Blue Star" (Frith)
    "Guider Tells of Silent Airborne Machine"
"Volume 2: 1974–5".
A collection of live performances from 1974 and 1975.
"Halsteren" is an instrumental suite that incorporates an early version of Tim Hodgkinson's "Living in the Heart of the Beast" from "In Praise of Learning" (1975). Recorded in Halsteren in September 1974 when Henry Cow was a quartet of Cutler, Frith, Greaves and Hodgkinson, Hodgkinson's unfinished instrumental is performed here in sections interspaced with improvisations by the group. Part of another performance of this suite also features in "Groningen" on "Henry Cow Concerts" (1976). Halsteren concert organiser Jan Smagge recounts in the box set booklets an anecdote where the band were approached by several people during an interval and asked whether they could play any songs by Mud, a contemporary mainstream pop act. "Halsteren" is followed here by "Living in the Heart of the Beast" from a Paris concert with Robert Wyatt in May 1975. It is the first live recording of the completed vocal version of the composition, and is sung by Dagmar Krause, her first public appearance with the band, with Wyatt accompanying her in the closing verses.
Track list.
    "Halsteren" (Hodgkinson, Frith, Greaves, Cutler on themes by Hodgkinson)
    24–32. "Living in the Heart of the Beast" (Hodgkinson) – 13:46
"Volume 3: Hamburg".
Recordings from Henry Cow's March 1976 NDR Jazz Workshop in Hamburg, Germany, plus two songs with Robert Wyatt from concerts in Paris and Rome in May and June 1975, respectively.
"Fair as the Moon", followed later by "Terrible as an Army with Banners" are based on "Beautiful as the Moon – Terrible as an Army with Banners" from "In Praise of Learning" (1975), and became the longest lasting "building block" the band used in live performances. "Nirvana for Rabbits" is a rework of the Frith composition "Nirvana for Mice" from "Legend" (1973), while "Ottawa Song" is part of a longer suite Frith composed for the Ottawa Company, the rest of which never survived, except for fragments that appeared in "Muddy Mouse" and "Muddy Mouth" on Wyatt's solo album, "Ruth Is Stranger Than Richard" (1975). This performance of "Ottawa Song" also appears (by accident) on "", but without the introductory bassoon solo. "Gloria Gloom" is from Matching Mole's second album, "Matching Mole's Little Red Record" (1972). "Hamburg 1–5", "Red Noise 10" and "A Heart" are improvisations by the band, the last two titled at the request of NDR.
Wyatt sings on "Little Red Riding Hood Hit the Road" from his solo album, "Rock Bottom" (1974), and on "We Did It Again", a "surprising and wackily absurdist" cover of the Soft Machine song from their debut album, "The Soft Machine" (1968). The version of "We Did It Again" that appears on this CD is a combination of two different recordings of the same performance, one from an audience cassette recording with "a lot of audience reaction, a lot of guitar, thin-sounding drums and bass, and only a faint echo of the vocals", and one from the mixing desk with "almost no guitar, but plenty of drums, bass, and vocals".
"Volume 4–5: Trondheim".
A double CD of a complete concert recorded in Trondheim, Norway on 26 May 1976, later broadcast on the Sveriges Radio radio program, "Tonkraft" on 14 July 1976.
When Henry Cow prepared to embark on their May 1976 tour of Scandinavia, they were two members short: John Greaves had left the band after the March 1976 Hamburg concert, and Dagmar Krause had remained behind in Hamburg due to ill-health. As they were committed to the tour, Henry Cow, as a quartet of Cutler, Frith, Hodgkinson and Cooper, abandoned their familiar set lists and decided improvise all the concerts on the tour in the dark. They were also accompanied by "shadows that were not us", which were two-hour tapes that Cooper, Hodgkinson and Frith had each prepared. The subject of the tapes were: Cooper – youth to old age; Hodgkinson – history of language; and Frith – history of Henry Cow. The tapes ran continuously and inaudibly throughout the duration of the show, but were made audible by their creators from time to time with a foot pedal, without knowing what part of the tape would be heard. Chris Cutler explained that it was an "attempt to inhabit a dramaturgy anchored in narratives of origins, evolution, history and ritual". They also decided to disguise and "primitivise" themselves and their equipment, and hence the darkness.
François Couture at AllMusic called "Trondheim" the "crown jewel" of the box set, saying it was "some of Cow's darkest and most thrilling music". John Kelman at "All About Jazz" described "Trondheim" as "about as unapproachable as Henry Cow ever got, and yet amongst the densities and at times harsh realms are moments of profound beauty. The 80-minute improvisation [...] demonstrates the kind of intuitive push-and-pull that could only come from musicians not just spending a great deal of time playing together, but also living together, with a potent ability to sometimes shift ambience and color at the drop of a dime."
Track list.
 1–10. "Trondheim I" (Cooper, Cutler, Frith, Hodgkinson) – 48:25
  1–6.  "Trondheim II" (Cooper, Cutler, Frith, Hodgkinson) – 31:54
Box 2: "The Road: Volumes 6–10".
A 60-page book accompanies this box and contains the following:
"Volume 6: Stockholm & Göteborg".
Swedish Radio recordings of concerts performed in May 1976 in Gothenburg and May 1977 in Stockholm. This CD was released separately from the box set by RēR Megacorp in September 2008.
Track list.
  2–6.   "Erk Gah" (aka "Hold to the Zero Burn, Imagine") (Hodgkinson) – 16:46
9–11.   "Göteborg 1" (Cooper, Cutler, Frith, Hodgkinson) – 16:53
"Volume 7: Later and Post-Virgin".
A collection of live performances from late 1976 and 1977.
"Joan" and "On Suicide", traditionally associated with Art Bears and "Hopes and Fears" (1978), feature here and show that they were Henry Cow songs long before Art Bears came into being. "On Suicide" is longer than the Art Bears version and ends with a cello solo by Georgie Born. The Art Bears version of "Joan" also differs from the live recording here in that it is shorter (several sections are "telescoped" into one), and the lyrics are not the same. Chris Cutler wrote the original lyrics for "Joan" and Tim Hodgkinson's "The Pirate Song", but the group were unhappy with them, and the songs were withdrawn from Henry Cow's repertoire. "Joan" was only performed a few times, and "The Pirate Song" not at all. Prior to Henry Cow's recording session at Sunrise in Switzerland in January 1978, Cutler rewrote the lyrics of the two songs, but once again there were objections from factions within the group. Dagmar Krause, however, supported the new lyrics and both songs were recorded by Henry Cow with the revised texts, only to be released later on "Hopes and Fears" as a result of further disagreements with the group.
"Untitled Piece" was a work-in-progress by Lindsay Cooper that was only performed a few times by Henry Cow, and foreshadowed some of her work that appeared later on her 1998 solo album "A View From the Bridge". "Chaumont 1", "Chaumont 2" and "March" are from a Paris concert featuring an improvisation by the group, a bassoon and saxophone duet by Cooper and Hodgkinson, and Fred Frith's familiar "March" to close the set. Also included are new renditions of "Teenbeat" and "Bittern Storm Over Ulm". According to "All About Jazz", "Teenbeat 2" features "some of Frith's most searing guitar playing of the box", and "Teenbeat 3" has "Hodgkinson's saxophone at its most visceral."
"Post-Teen Auditorium Invasion" and "Bucket Waltz" are from a concert in Amsterdam that feature guests Annemarie Roelofs and ex-Henry Cow member Geoff Leigh. Roelofs, who was attending the concert, began playing trombone from the audience and was invited to join Henry Cow on stage. She ended up touring with the band the following year and playing on "Western Culture". Leigh, whose band Red Balune was playing at the same concert, was invited by his former band to guest with them.
"Volume 8: Bremen".
Extracts from a live radio broadcast on Radio Bremen for New Jazz Live on 22 March 1978.
Henry Cow perform here as a quintet of Hodgkinson/Frith/Cooper/Born/Cutler; Dagmar Krause had left the band the previous November due to ill health. "Armed Maniac/Things We Forgot" is a titled improvisation with references "in ambience" to contemporary classical composers Krzysztof Penderecki and György Ligeti. "New Suite" is a Fred Frith composition with an instrumental version of Tim Hodgkinson's "Viva Pa Ubu" added. "Viva Pa Ubu" is a song that had been recorded, with the whole group singing, during (what became) the "Hopes and Fears" recording sessions in January 1978, and was the start of a musical production by Hodgkinson of Alfred Jarry's play "Ubu Roi" (Pa Ubu being a character in the play). It was later released as a bonus track on the CD reissue of "Western Culture". "Die Kunst Der Orgel" is a 34-minute improvisation that ends with an instrumental version of Tim Hodgkinson's "Erk Gah".
Track list.
    "New Suite"
    "Die Kunst Der Orgel"
"Volume 9: Late".
A collection of performances from June and July 1978, plus Henry Cow's set at the inaugural Rock in Opposition Festival in March 1978.
"Joy of Sax" is a saxophone trio of Lindsay Cooper, Tim Hodgkinson and David Chambers from The Orckestra, which was a merger of Henry Cow, the Mike Westbrook Brass Band and folk singer Frankie Armstrong that took place in 1977. "Jackie-ing", also featuring Chambers, is a Westbrook arrangement of a Thelonious Monk composition that The Orckestra had performed. "The Herring People" is a Fred Frith instrumental he wrote to "counterbalance" the increasingly complex Hodgkinson and Cooper compositions. It was later recorded by Henry Cow during the July and August 1978 "Western Culture" sessions, but was only released for the first time, as "Waking Against Sleep", on the 1990 CD re-issue of Frith's solo album, "Gravity" (1980). It was also recorded by Curlew under the title "Time and a Half", and appeared on their album, "North America" (1985), which was produced by Frith.
The improvisation "RIO" and Cooper's "Half the Sky" was Henry Cow's set at the inaugural Rock in Opposition (RIO) festival that took place on 12 March 1978 at the New London Theatre. RIO was a collective of "progressive" bands that were united in their opposition to the music industry. Henry Cow initiated the movement and the other inaugural members, who also performed at the concert, were Stormy Six (Italy), Samla Mammas Manna (Sweden), Univers Zero (Belgium) and Etron Fou Leloublan (France). "Dusted Magazine" described Henry Cow's "RIO" improvisation at this event as "one of their most cacophonous and cataclysmic". Cooper's "Half the Sky", which had been recorded in January 1978 at Sunrise in Switzerland and was later released on "Western Culture", was named for Chairman Mao's dictum "Women hold up half the sky".
Track list.
  5–8.   "RIO" (Born, Cooper, Cutler, Frith, Hodgkinson) – 17:09
"Volume 10: Vevey" (DVD).
A 75-minute video of Henry Cow performing in Vevey, Switzerland in August 1976, recorded for the Swiss TV program, "Kaleidospop". This is the only known video recording of Henry Cow.
The DVD features the group live outdoors on the grass and playing a set that was representative from the time. It includes Tim Hodgkinson's two "epic" compositions, "Living in the Heart of the Beast" and "Erk Gah", and two improvisations, "Vevey 1" and "Vevey 2". AllMusic described the multi-camera work on the DVD as "pretty good" and the editing "dated", but added that "seeing the band in action, both navigating through its most complex material and engaging in collective improvisation, is quite an experience."
Bonus CD.
"A Cow Cabinet of Curiosities".
A limited edition CD given to subscribers of the box set. The title alludes to the name of Bob Drake's band, Cabinet of Curiosities.
"Pre Virgin Demo 1/2" include fragments that were later incorporated into tracks on "Legend". "Lovers of Gold" is an alternate version of "Beginning: The Long March" from "In Praise of Learning" that was created by Chris Cutler. "The Glove" is derived from raw material recorded during the "Unrest" sessions.

</doc>
<doc id="18377762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377762" title="Venus Rising">
Venus Rising

Venus Rising was a 1995 film starring Jessica Alba, Henry Bean and Morgan Fairchild. The film was released on November 30, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18377773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377773" title="Old Dutch Church (Kingston, New York)">
Old Dutch Church (Kingston, New York)

The Old Dutch Church, officially known as the First Reformed Protestant Dutch Church of Kingston, is located on Wall Street in Kingston, New York, United States. Formally organized in 1659, it is one of the oldest continuously existing congregations in the country. Its current building, the fifth, is an 1852 structure by Minard Lafever that was designated a National Historic Landmark in 2008, the only one in the city. The church's steeple, a replacement for a taller but similar original that collapsed, makes it the tallest building in Kingston and a symbol of the city.
Lafever's building was described by Calvert Vaux as "ideally perfect". It is unique among his work as his only Renaissance Revival church that largely retains the original design, and the only stone church he is known to have built. Its interior includes stained glass by Louis Comfort Tiffany's company, and an extensive M.P. Moller pipe organ After a few early renovations, and the collapse of the higher original steeple, it has remained largely intact since 1892, although there have been continuing issues with one of the walls. One of the congregation's previous churches is across neighboring Wall Street. The church grounds also include a small cemetery with most of the burials predating its construction. Among them is George Clinton, a former governor and U.S. Vice President.
The church has been active in Kingston's civic life. During the Revolutionary War George Washington paid a visit due to the church's strong support for the Patriot cause, and wrote a thank-you note exhibited in the church today. An annual dinner is held to commemorate the visit. George H. Sharpe raised a Civil War regiment at the church, and later erected a monument in the churchyard to those volunteers. Franklin Delano Roosevelt and members of the Dutch royal family, among other notables, have visited the church. It has also been the site of memorials to tragedy from the assassination of William McKinley to September 11, 2001.
Building.
The church is located on a lot at the east of uptown Kingston. It is a contributing property to the Stockade District. Main, Fair and Wall streets surround it on three sides; the north has some two-story commercial buildings. The old Ulster County courthouse is just to the northwest, across Wall. Amid a cluster of buildings on the south, across Main Street, is the building the current church replaced, now St. Joseph's Catholic church. Most of the neighboring buildings support the church's historic character, dating to the 19th or early 20th centuries.
Tall shade trees surround the building and shelter its cemetery. An iron fence with stone posts encircles most of the property. Flagstone walks lead to the primary entrance on the south side and around the building, where another one leads from the tower entrance to Wall Street.
Exterior.
The building itself is faced in load-bearing locally quarried bluestone, set in a random ashlar pattern with limestone trim. It consists of a main sanctuary building oriented north-south with an east-west lecture hall wing on the north end and attached multi-stage bell tower at the northwest corner. The gabled roof is clad in raised-seam metal, with a modillioned wooden cornice. It is pierced by skylights corresponding to the exterior windows, currently covered in plastic, justy above the roofline.
Fenestration on both side profiles consists of five large round-arched stained glass windows framed by molded limestone casings with bracketed sills. On the east in the center is an engaged buttress added to shore up the wall. A three-bay projecting pavilion on the west supports the bell tower. Its entrance is a single door with round-arched window above and on the sides. Its lowest stage is a three-story masonry tower with wooden cornices separating the stories, topped by three frame ones above a curved cornice. The lower two are octagonal, one featuring a clock and the next louvered round-arched vents. The uppermost stage, the conical steeple, has ribs defining its eight facts and is covered with diamond-shaped wooden shingles. Kingston's city ordinances prohibit the construction of any building taller than its base in the Stockade District.
The lecture hall addition on the north is similar to the main church block. It is a two-story bluestone structure with slate roof, mostly shielded from view by the church and adjacent buildings.
A similar projecting gabled pavilion, with battered corners, on the Main Street side frames the main entrance. Two bluestone steps with iron railings lead up to a pair of slightly recessed paneled wooden doors topped by a fanlight with tracery. The limestone surround is topped with a keystone. Limestone is also used for the corner bases and courses at ground level and continuing the cornice line at that level. Similarly appointed but smaller doors flank the main entrance.
Interior.
In the narthex a small display case contains items of significance from the church's history: the first communicants' tablet, and a letter from George Washington thanking the congregation for its hospitality to him on a 1782 visit (This is reportedly his only writing during the entire eight years of the Revolutionary War that mentions any religious institution.) Across from the main entrance three round-arched doors corresponding to those on the outside lead into the main sanctuary.
The sanctuary itself is painted off-white, with the stained glass windows, red carpeting, gilding and mahogany trim of the pews providing a contrast. Corinthian columns, creating lateral arcades, provide corbeled support to groin vaults. The arcading partially encloses the balcony. A simulated clerestory level is illuminated by the skylights supplemented by electric lighting in the original wall sconces. The walls themselves are plaster on lath with beaded wainscoting ending in a chiar rail.
A raised wooden platform supports the pulpit, carved with some classical motifs such as rectangular, rounded lozenges and foliation, some of it gilded, echoing the wall behind it. It has two front piers that resemble antae. On the wall above the pulpit is a Palladian Tiffany stained glass window depicting the Presentation of Jesus at the Temple framed by gilded moldings and flanked by pairs of fluted Corinthian pilasters. Bronze statues of angels are on either side.
On the south wall is a choir loft with the church's pipe organ. It is in a case with another Palladian motif and carvings similar to those in the pulpit, and also framed with fluted Corinthian pilasters. A large swan-necked broken pediment is atop the case.
The church's box pews have hinged doors, scrolled armrests and seat cushions. They all face forward on the ground floor except for the two rows in the front. On the upstairs galleries they face the opposite wall. Metal and marble memorial plaques line the walls, and a door on the northwest side leads to the tower vestibule.
Cemetery.
The remainder of the church lot is given over to its cemetery. It contains around 300 headstones, many of which predate the current church. The stonework on many is detailed and high in quality. 1710 is the earliest date for which one is legible, but church records show burials as early as 1679, and some that have not yet been translated may have taken place earlier. Not all graves were marked. The most recent stone dates to 1832.
At least 70 of the stones are believed to be Revolutionary War-era veterans. George Clinton, former governor and U.S. Vice President under Thomas Jefferson and James Madison, is buried here under a large obelisk in the churchyard's southwest corner. He was moved here from Washington in 1908 and reburied in a full ceremony. Another large monument to "Patriotism" in the southeast corner honors the volunteers of the 120th New York Infantry during the Civil War. It was commissioned by George H. Sharpe, a Kingston native and colonel of volunteers for the 120th.
Aesthetics.
The Old Dutch Church was one of Lafever's last commissions, and considered his most fully developed application of the Renaissance Revival style. Architectural historian W. Barksdale Maynard says it "reveals
an experienced architect at the height of his powers, broadening his approach beyond the Greek Revival he had done so much to popularize." The style may have also appealed to the church's congregation as a way of distinguishing itself architecturally within the city from the Second Reformed Dutch Church of Kingston, an offshoot church which had built a new Gothic Revival church nearby in 1850. It also may have been preferred as it made the church building look older than it actually was.
Lafever abandoned the classical symmetry he had used for earlier churches such as the Old Whaler's Church in Sag Harbor for the church's exterior, preferring the more Picturesque choice of putting the tower on the side. The projecting front pavilion on the Main Street side creates the appearance of superimposed gables, much like those on the Church of San Giorgio Maggiore in Venice. Eclecticism was another aspect of the Picturesque that showed up in Lafever's design. The battered piers at the corners give the main block and front pavilion a slight Egyptian Revival feel, as well as adding mass.
The interior of the church follows English Renaissance forms popularized by Christopher Wren and James Gibbs, particularly some aspects of the latter's St Martin-in-the-Fields, which again may have been chosen by the congregation to distinguish themselves from the Second Reformed Church. By using such a consciously English model, the church's congregation signaled the full assimilation of Dutch Americans, many of whom had continued to speak Dutch for some years after independence, into the predominantly English-influenced culture of the mid-19th century United States. He used a 3:5:7 ratio for the proportions, representing the Trinity, the human senses and the days of Creation respectively. Calvert Vaux, when declining a commission for a new pulpit at the church three decades later, called its forms and symmetry, "ideally perfect".
History.
The First Protestant Dutch Reformed Church of Kingston has held worship services for 350 years, making it one of the oldest continuously existing congregations in the U.S. The current building is its fifth.
For the first 170 years of its existence it was the only church in Kingston, and the only Dutch Reformed Church for much of the west side of the Hudson River. Fifty other churches in the region were started under its auspices. Its birth, marriage and death records are complete to 1660, making it one of the oldest such collections in the country and an important resource for genealogists.
17th and 18th centuries.
Like many churches, the Old Dutch Church began with informal meetings, in its case starting around May 1658, when Kingston was still known as Wiltwyck, part of the Dutch colony of New Netherland. Jacob Stoll, a local settler, led services for 11 others in his house in the absence of an ordained minister or actual building. The following year it was formally organized, and in 1660 received its first "dominie", or minister, Hermanus Blom. A parsonage was built at the order of Peter Stuyvesant in 1662. It was used as a school and court as well, and possibly an Indian trading post.
Church lore holds that a crude log meetinghouse, built into the stockade that had been built around the small city, was erected near the current location in 1661, although whether it was there has been disputed. Any structure that did exist was destroyed in 1663 during the Second Esopus War. By 1680 a small stone building was in use there. Records of the time describe it as wide long and wide. A later history notes that it was extravagantly furnished for the time and place with stained glass windows bearing coats of arms.
Services of that era were austere and lengthy, conducted in strict accordance with Calvinist beliefs. On the Sabbath day, liquor consumption, discharge of firearms and beating of drums were forbidden, with steadily escalating penalties starting at one Flemish pound. The church itself was unheated, due to fears of fire. Some congregants brought small stoves to warm their feet in winter. They sat in seats on either side of the sanctuary. A "Vorleser" (reader) and "Vorsanger" (music leader) assisted the minister. There were no books for the audience since many were illiterate. The church did not have an organ since they were considered a work of the devil.
After the Second Anglo-Dutch War, the 1667 Treaty of Breda turned New Netherland over to the English, and Wiltwyck became Kingston. The trustees of the Kingston Patent generously funded the church, by transferring to it a thousand acres (400 ha) in the north of the town, which the church subdivided and sold.
In 1712 the church requested a royal charter; seven years later it was granted by King George I in exchange for a peppercorn in rent every year. Two years later, in 1721, it was expanded, early in the half-century tenure of Dominie Petrus Vas. A "doop huys", a sort of chapel, was built to handle baptisms, meetings and other consistorial activities. Vas would, three decades later, oversee the construction of a second church building. Surviving prints show a gambrel-roofed meetinghouse two bays wide with a tower on the front. Its siding seems to have been limestone rubble, although the first print shows a material that could be either in a coursed ashlar pattern or parging to mimic coursed stone. Fenestration consisted of three round-arched windows along the sides. It was dedicated on November 29, 1752, by Georg Wilhelm Mancius, Vas's assistant.
In October 1777, the church, like many other buildings in the city, was damaged by fires set by British forces retaliating against the recently proclaimed capital of the independent state of New York after the Battle of Saratoga. It was gutted, but the walls still stood. The congregtation strongly supported the Patriot cause throughout the war. In 1782, George Washington, garrisoned near Newburgh to the south, visited the church. He enjoyed his visit enough that he wrote the congregation the letter of thanks currently displayed in its museum. By 1790 repairs to the church were complete. The tower was rebuilt with a cupola and clocks on all sides.
19th century.
The first decade of the new century brought change to the church and its community. In 1803 the trustees of the patent decided to sell all their remaining landholdings and dissolve. Upon completing this task two years later, they disbursed £3,000 to the church. That same year Kingston was formally incorporated as a village. In 1808 the village surveyed the property on which the church proper stood and formally conveyed it to the church. The next year, the church began to break with its cultural roots, holding its last services in Dutch.
In 1816 the church established the first Sunday school in Ulster County. Its goal was to teach local African-Americans to read the Bible. The church did in this in the context of publicly saying that it looked forward to "the time when people of color will be entitled to the rights of citizenship".
Burials in the church cemetery stopped in 1830. A cholera epidemic swept Kingston that year, and as the graveyard filled up quickly the consistory decided against allowing any more. One exception was a woman who died in 1832, possibly the last burial in the churchyard.
The church building, too, was reaching the limit of its capacity. The original parsonage was torn down and a new brick church with Romanesque arched windows erected. Its roof was damaged by a lightning strike in 1840 that tore a large hole in it. No one was present in the church at the time and services were held the next Sunday.
Within two decades the new church was already reaching its capacity, with over a thousand congregants. In 1848, a group of parishioners broke away when the Classis of Ulster denied permission for a new building and formed the Second Reformed Dutch Church of Kingston two blocks away on Fair Street, ending the Old Church's hegemony over Kingston. This did not adequately relieve the overcrowding. In 1850 the church resolved to replace the old building, which was still suffering the effects of the lightning strike. The next year the church bought another nearby parcel to enlarge its cemetery, in preparation for the construction of a new building. How they chose Lafever is not known, but in 1852 they began construction of his church, grounding the building in trenches instead of excavating a full cellar, so as not to disturb the graves in the area. The cornerstone was laid in May.
After a year and a half of construction work, costing $33,000 ($ in contemporary dollars), the church was dedicated in September 1852. The contractors were paid for work beyond the original scope. It is not known whether Lafever ever visited the site or modified his design while construction was underway.
Two years later, its original steeple, at the tallest in the state at that time, crashed to the ground when the roof collapsed during a Christmas Eve windstorm. The cause was traced to the 50 tons (46 tonnes) of slate roofing the church elders had substituted for Lafever's tin, creating a load greater than the structure was intended to support.
The church sold the brick building, which it no longer needed. After a few other owners, it became the property of the state, which used it as an armory. When the Civil War started, the church, long active in the abolitionist movement, became the center of parishioner George H. Sharpe's efforts to organize the 12th New York Infantry. The unit drilled in the armory and fought in battles ranging from Fredericksburg to
Appomattox. Its battle flags hang in the Old Church's narthex. After the war, it was consecrated as St. James Catholic Church
In 1861 the church closed for ten months in order to erect the current steeple. Another structural problem, the shifting of its east wall, had been noticed and was mentioned in a report by the state engineer's office in 1874. It was attributed at the time to the lack of a full basement due to the decision to leave the underlying graves intact. In 1882 the church started another building campaign to address this and other issues.
Not only had the wall shifted, the ceiling had suffered. It was replastered, and the exterior buttress was built. Lafever's original tin was restored to the roof. A small stone chapel was built on the north side.
At the beginning of 1892, the church dedicated the new stained glass window, a gift in remembrance of a congregant's parents. Made from Favrile glass by one of Louis Comfort Tiffany's artists, it depicts the Presentation of Christ at the Temple. It was lit at first by gas, and later electricity. It marks the last significant change to the church's interior.
Four years later, in 1896, Sharpe's monument to his volunteers was added to the graveyard. The statue, the work of Byron M. Pickett, was dedicated in a ceremony attended by many of the 120th's former members. It is the only Civil War monument erected to a unit's members by that unit's commander, and one of the rare examples of such a war monument anywhere. The plot it stands on was reportedly deeded to the monument itself.
20th century.
The early 20th century saw several events related to funerary matters. In 1901, the church held one of the official funeral services following the assassination of President William McKinley. Seven years later, the remains of George Clinton, an Episcopalian, were transferred from Washington to the churchyard, where he was reburied with full honors, under the same obelisk he had originally been buried under, within sight of the steps of the courthouse where he had been sworn in as New York's first governor in 1777. Shortly after the sinking of the "Titanic" in 1912, the church held a memorial service for the victims.
The following year a small stone building at the corner of Washington Avenue and Joys Lane, known as Bethany Chapel, was sold to the church. In 1932 Franklin D. Roosevelt, then governor and himself a Dutch American native of the Hudson Valley, spoke at ceremonies commemorating the 150th anniversary of Washington's visit.
Bethany Chapel was sold in 1946, and burned down shortly thereafter. Five years later, when the church needed to expand its facilities again, the small chapel on the north that had been created in 1883 was enlarged to include a second story, with choir room, classroom and kitchen as well. Bluestone sympathetic to the original design was used. The new wing was named Bethany Annex in honor of the chapel building. The next year, to celebrate the centenary of the church building, Queen Juliana of the Netherlands and her consort, Bernhard, attended services. Her daughter, then-Princess Beatrix, followed her in 1959, during commemorations of Henry Hudson's voyage up the river on the "Halve Maen" and the church's tercentary.
The later years of the 20th century would see more renovations. In the mid-1970s the east wall was shored up again, and the steeple was repainted in its current white from its previous gray. In 1996 the "Patriotism" monument to the 120th was restored. Other historic Kingston buildings benefited from the church's focus on restoration and preservation. When city hall began suffering from neglect in the late 20th century, some congregants removed the surviving bas-relief plaster lunettes depicting scenes in the city's history from the building's facade and stored them in the church's basement. They were returned to city hall when it was restored in 2000.
21st century.
As with the century just past, the first major event of the new century at the church was an observance of national grief. On the evening of September 11, 2001, it was opened to all members of the community for impromptu services in the wake of that day's terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center.
After several years of restorations and maintenance, the church, with the help of the State Historic Preservation Office, applied to the National Park Service (NPS) for National Historic Landmark status. U.S. Representative Maurice Hinchey lobbied the NPS on the church's behalf, and in October 2008 his office made the first announcement of the designation. Several months later he was also present as the church officially received its plaque. That year, the church celebrated its 350th anniversary at events like its annual Washington dinner and Pinkster. The current pastor, Ken Walsh, started the year by doing the liturgy as it was in 1659, in the vestments a minister of that era would have worn. He has advanced to a different century every three months, to reach the present day by the end of the year.
Hinchey spoke at the church in 2010 to lobby for passage of a federal urban development bill which included a $350,000 grant to shore up the church, replacing steel girders which had done that since 2004. At that time the bill had passed the House but not the Senate. The structural problems have been attributed to the graves it was built on.
The church today.
The church and its congregation are "committed to providing worship, education, evangelism, social action, and fellowship", according to their mission statement. It professes its faith thus:
It holds regular Sunday services, Sunday School, confirmation classes, Sunday adult discussion programs and a "Souper Thursday" program that complements homemade soup with spiritual discussion. There is a women's ministry and men's club. The church also publishes a monthly newsletter, "Steeple Chimes".
There are several groups affiliated with the church. The Friends of Old Dutch is a non-profit that raises money for the continued maintenance and preservation of the church building. Two musical groups, the Kingston Community Singers and Mendelssohn Club of Kingston, rehearse and perform at the church.
Organ.
By the 19th century, the church's original aversion to organs had abated, and a photo of the interior of the 1832 church from that era shows an organ. When the current church was built, Henry Erben, who had built the pipe organs at the First Reformed Church in Albany and St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York, was hired to build the new Dutch Church's organ.
Erben's facade and case remain today, but the pipes and internal mechanics were replaced with an E.M. Skinner organ in 1903. It was powered by a water-driven motor, providing a continuous flow of air. The church's consistory had written to the city requesting that water pressure be maintained on Sundays to allow the organ to function. In 1914 an electric motor was installed to replace the water. A smaller Echo organ was given to the church in 1927.
In the mid-1950s the church decided to recondition the organ. After reviewing several bids, its Music Committee decided to award the contract to the M. P. Moller company, with a plan for further extensions of the organ. The reconditioned organ was dedicated in 1956 with a recital including Johann Sebastian Bach's "Toccata and Fugue in D minor". Its console is still in use, after many emergency repairs. A Wicks choir division was added in the next decade.
Another organ subcommitee was formed in 1978 to assess the progress since the mid-century restoration. Its major move was to replace the Wicks choir division, which had never integrated well with the rest of the organ due to a difference in powering methods. It was replaced with a Moller division in 1980. A 1990 committee was able to negotiate another deal with Moller for the completion of the plan.
The next year the Echo organ was removed to make way for the completion of the Moller. The company delivered the final set of pipes and mechanics in late 1991. After they were installed, the expanded organ was rededicated with two recitals in 1992, both including the "Toccata". An annual recital series was established that year as well, later with the help of a state grant.
Bell.
Church lore has it that the first bell was made from copper and silver brought by congregants as gifts upon the baptism of their children. This bell was replaced with a professionally-cast one in 1724, shortly after the second church was expanded. The cost was split between the church and the patent trustees.
That bell lasted until the fire started by the British Army in 1777 damaged the church sufficiently for the bell tower to collapse. A replacement bell donated to the church by a Colonel Rutgers, a friend of the congregation, was not popular, as it sounded more like a ship's bell than a church's. Eventually it was supposedly donated to the courthouse, and Rutgers arranged for the casting of a new bell. The replacement was brought over from Amsterdam in 1794.
It remained in regular service, tolling not only for services and funerals but also at noon and 8 p.m. daily, until a crack developed in 1888. After that it was rung only for special events and at the remembrances of recently deceased U.S. presidents, up to Woodrow Wilson's death in 1924.
Only once since then has it been rung. During World War II, it rang in the New Year for 1943. This was broadcast to the Netherlands via shortwave radio. That country was occupied by Nazi Germany at the time, and most of its church bells had been confiscated and melted down for matériel. Those that had not were not permitted to be rung, and the broadcast was thus intended to boost morale among the Dutch population.
After Bethany Chapel burned down following its sale in 1946, the church was able to salvage its 1870 bell from the ruins. It was fully restored in 1974 and is now on display in the church's narthex.
Hobgoblin legend.
Church lore has it that a hobgoblin haunts the steeple. The story begins with an early "dominie" and his wife returning from New York City via the Hudson in stormy weather. As the ship passed Dunderberg Mountain in the Hudson Highlands, the creature flew out and sat on the foremast, making the ship more likely to capsize in the rough water. The passengers and crew asked the dominie to pray.
He did, and the hobgoblin left. The next morning, its cap was discovered hanging on the church's bell tower. In attempting to get it back, the hobgoblin became imprisoned in the tower, and all succeeding spires. He will remain so, the legend says, as long as the church remains on consecrated ground. Stories claim that a small painter has been seen at work on the steeple during lightning flashes. His moans during Sunday services were mistaken for worshippers snoring.
The tale is related in an episode of "Dolph Heyliger," part of Washington Irving's 1822 Bracebridge Hall.
Twice the creature is supposed to have made more direct contact with humans. A painter on the steeple in 1852 died of "painter's colic" when he was scared into a fall off the church, and in 1984 another painter suddenly climbed down after he claimed to have been tapped on the shoulder three times. The hobgoblin is supposed to have added an extra line to the clock face so that "XII" became "XIII".

</doc>
<doc id="18377776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377776" title="Kōsoku Kōbe Station">
Kōsoku Kōbe Station

Lines.
Kobe Rapid Transit Railway Co., Ltd. owns the tracks and facilities of the those railway lines as "the Tozai Line" of the Category-3 operator, and Hanshin and Hankyu operates trains running on the line as Category-2 operators.
The station are also connected to these stations.
Layout.
The station has two island platforms with four tracks underground.

</doc>
<doc id="18377802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377802" title="Daikai Station">
Daikai Station

History.
In the Great Hanshin earthquake of 1995, this station collapsed.
Layout.
The Daikai Station consists of three main sections: the main section of the station, the subway tunnels section and the station access section. The location of the station is made up of 2 meter thick man made fill, around 5 meter thick Holocene alluvial deposits, and several kilometers of Pleistocene deposits.

</doc>
<doc id="18377847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377847" title="Kōsoku Nagata Station">
Kōsoku Nagata Station


</doc>
<doc id="18377862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377862" title="Jonathan Goldstein (composer)">
Jonathan Goldstein (composer)

Jonathan Goldstein is an award-winning British composer of music for film, television, advertising, theatre and live events, whose work encompasses a range of contemporary classical styles with orchestral, jazz, electro-acoustic & world influences.
Biography.
Background
After studying music in the UK under Jonty Harrison and Vic Hoyland, gaining a first-class honours degree in composition & performance from Birmingham University, Goldstein began his career composing for the Royal National Theatre and Royal Shakespeare Company, working with Trevor Nunn, Peter Hall, Bill Alexander and Ian Judge, scoring over 30 productions. His theatre credits have included Nunn’s celebrated RSC stage & screen production of Shakespeare's Othello, starring Ian McKellen, Zoë Wanamaker, Imogen Stubbs and Willard White, and King Lear in the West End, starring Corin Redgrave, directed by Bill Alexander, and Titus Andronicus starring David Bradley (from Harry Potter), also directed by Alexander. For the RNT, Goldstein has composed the music for Nunn's double-bill of Oscar Wilde's De Profundis also with Redgrave, and Neil Bartlett OBE's In Extremis starring Sheila Hancock CBE, as well as Richard Wilson OBE's Primo, starring Anthony Sher, Frozen by Bryony Lavery, starring Josie Lawrence and Anita Dobson, and Mappa Mundi by Shelagh Stephenson, starring Alun Armstrong.
Film music
Also in his early career, Goldstein assisted the film music orchestrator, Christopher Palmer, on the soundtrack orchestrations for Cape Fear, directed by Martin Scorsese, and re-recordings of classic film scores including Bernard Herrmann's music for Scorsese's Taxi Driver performed by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, conducted by Elmer Bernstein. He has since scored several shorts including the BAFTA-nominated Candy Bar Kid which was screened at more than 100 festivals worldwide, and the BAFTA-nominated Sunny Spells, winner of an International Silver Heron award. The documentary short Manuel De Los Santos, directed by Peter Montgomery, which featured a score by Goldstein, won the Grand Prize at the International Arnold Sports Film Festival in 2012.
Advertising campaigns
In advertising, Goldstein has worked for leading agencies in the UK including Saatchi & Saatchi, M&C Saatchi, Ogilvy, Publicis, Euro RSCG, Leo Burnett, DDB UK, CHI & Partners, Lowe, MCBD and WCRS, and in the USA for Droga5 and Publicis, composing music for television and cinema commercials on behalf of many national and international brands, which have been broadcast globally. These have included American Airlines, American Express, BMW, Ford, IG Index, Intel, ITV, Kronenbourg, Lexus, Natwest, Nokia, Sky, Sony, T-Mobile, Tesco, Toyota, UBS AG, VISA, Volkswagen and Zurich.
Industry awards
Goldstein has won a D&AD for Outstanding Use of Music, an IVCA Award for Best Music and two BTA Craft Awards for Best Original Music, as well as receiving nominations for two further BTA Craft awards. He was also nominated for an Ivor Novello Award in 2007, for his score to the BBC/HBO film of Primo, directed by Richard Wilson featuring the contemporary celloist, Nicholas Holland, who has recorded with Peter Gabriel and David Byrne. Goldstein was Chairman of PCAM, the Society for Producers and Composers of Applied Music from 2005-2012.
Broadcast music
In television, Goldstein has composed music for several BBC productions including Nunn's adaptation of Othello, David Thacker's production of Ibsen's A Doll’s House with Guy Woolfenden, the prize-winning documentary series Eutopia: The United States of Europe filmed in 22 countries, and Playing The Wife, starring Derek Jacobi, for BBC Radio. In 2010, he created music for the Little Crackers comedy series starring Meera Syal, broadcast in 3D on Sky and Sky 1.
Events
He has also composed, produced and conducted scores for major events including work for Microsoft, British Telecom, Frankfurt Motor Show, Madame Tussaud's, a suite for the Bentley Experience at the Volkswagen Theme Park, Autostadt, Germany, and the United Arab Emirates installation at the Shanghai World Expo 2010, featuring the classical vocalist Jeremy Avis reedist Belinda Sykes and percussionist Paul Clarvis. His classical work Circles was shortlisted for performance by the Society for the Promotion of New Music, and premiered at St John’s Smith Square, London, performed by Music Projects London, conducted by Richard Bernas, featuring the oboe soloist, Christopher Redgate. The concert also featured works by composers Judith Weir and Sadie Harrison.
Recording work
In 2012, Goldstein's debut classical album, Cyclorama, was released worldwide by Brilliant Classics. The music was performed by the Balanescu Quartet founded by the internationally renowned violinist Alexander Bălănescu, and an ensemble of distinguished soloists including James Pearson, a soloist with the Hallé, Philharmonia and BBC Concert Orchestras, and Artistic Director of jazz club, Ronnie Scott’s, London, whose collaborations include Paul McCartney and Wynton Marsalis. The recording also featured the internationally acclaimed soprano, Grace Davidson,who has performed with the leading Early Music groups, The Sixteen,[http://www.the-sixteen.org.uk and Tenebrae,[http://www.tenebrae-choir.com] as well as on soundtracks such as Hans Zimmer’s . 
The album, which consists of a mix of contemporary classical idioms which gradually present an unfolding story, like a cyclorama (the panoramic backdrop used in film & theatre), was recorded at the Church of Saint Jude-on-the-Hill, Hampstead Garden Suburb, London, noted for its haunting acoustics. The church has been the chosen venue for many important recordings of film and concert music including the Chandos Records re-recordings of William Walton’s scores for Laurence Olivier’s Shakespeare films, performed by The Orchestra and Chorus of The Academy of St Martin in the Fields and conducted by Neville Marriner, on which Goldstein worked as an assistant orchestrator.
Awards.
Awarded
Nominated
Musical works.
Advertising
Film features
Film shorts
Television & radio
Theatre (composer)
Theatre (other)
Events
Associated recordings.
Video
Audio

</doc>
<doc id="18377890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377890" title="Cho Won-Kwang">
Cho Won-Kwang

Cho Won-Kwang (born 23 August 1985; ) is a South Korean footballer, who plays for Cheonan City FC in the Korea National League.
His previous club was FC Seoul, then known as Anyang LG Cheetahs and Incheon United at K-League in South Korea and FC Sochaux-Montbéliard in France. He played reserve match at both team.
In November 2009, He was moved to Jeju United.

</doc>
<doc id="18377919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377919" title="Balbardie House">
Balbardie House

Balbardie House was a country house in West Lothian, Scotland, near to the town of Bathgate. Designed by Robert Adam, it has been described as his best classical house in Scotland, the grand manner in miniature. This great neoclassical mansion was demolished in two stages in 1954 and in 1975.
The seat of the Marjoribanks family, since 1624 when John Marjoribanks bought the estate, the house was constructed at the end of the 18th century by Alexander Marjoribanks and situated within a park of . One of Adam's final designs, it is doubtful he saw the completed project, as the plans are signed and dated 1792 shortly before his death on 3 March 1792. The house is typical of his neoclassical style, with a central corps de logis, flanking wings and end pavilions. The corps de logis had similarities with another of Adam's great houses, Kedleston Hall, except that at Balbardie Adam used a single small pediment at the centre rather than fully suggesting the Arch of Constantine as he did at Kedleston. Another common Adam feature which is highly defined but in an unusual setting at Balbardie are the recessed apses behind screening columns in the low wings connecting the three bayed pavilions to the corps de logis. This was a feature Adam often used internally but seldom externally. That Adam was not present during the final stages of drawing and completion of the house is evident by the prominence of the chimneys at Kedleston and elsewhere so carefully disguised; the pitch of the roofs suggests a northern Baroque such as the Nymphenburg (where the chimneys are equally visible). However, these features are part of the character of the house and should not be seen as detracting from its architectural importance. The house faced South West over gardens which included an ornamental lake, plantations and a belvedere (a summer house with a fine view).
In 1833 Bathgate Academy was built on land called Rules Acre, a part of the Balbardie estate which had been given to the Academy by Alexander Marjoribanks.
The glory of Balbardie as one of Scotland's grandest private houses was to be short-lived - barely sixty years. In 1830 Alexander Marjoribanks died and his estate passed on to his son also called Alexander Marjoribanks. The latter travelled widely and sold Balbardie House to the trustees of Daniel Stewart's College in 1861. Coal mining began to encroach on the grounds and the house was converted into apartments for miners. The house with the exception of one of the pavilions was demolished in 1954; the remaining pavilion was demolished in 1975. The author Ian Gow described the demolition thus: ""the dilapidation and staged demolition of Balbardie...due to a lack of funding, diminished the heritage of the work of one of Scotland's most celebrated architects, Robert Adam"".
Following the demolition of 1975 the land was cleared and landscaped and converted into the Balbardie Park of Peace and Sports Centre which includes the Bathgate Leisure Centre and a golf course.

</doc>
<doc id="18377945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377945" title="Nishidai Station (Hyōgo)">
Nishidai Station (Hyōgo)

Lines.
Both lines have through operations via this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18377968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377968" title="Matthias Durst">
Matthias Durst

Matthias Durst (18 August 1815 – 2 May 1875) was an Austrian violinist, violist and composer.
Biography.
Born in Vienna, he studied at the Vienna Conservatory with Georg Hellmesberger, Sr. and Joseph Böhm. He was a member of the Vienna Burgtheater. From 1841 he was appointed at the Vienna Court Orchestra. He was professor at the Kirchenmusikverein at St. Anna.
From 1845 he played in the string quartet, with Leopold Jansa, Carl Heißler and Carl Schlesinger, which in 1849 became the Hellmesberger Quartet,with Joseph Hellmesberger, Sr. taking over from Jansa.
Works.
Durst composed Overtures, String quartets, violin duos and solos.

</doc>
<doc id="18377979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18377979" title="Higashi-Suma Station">
Higashi-Suma Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Sanyo Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18378009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378009" title="Sunnydale (disambiguation)">
Sunnydale (disambiguation)

Sunnydale is the fictional city setting for the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" TV series.
Sunnydale may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18378012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378012" title="Tsukimiyama Station">
Tsukimiyama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Sanyo Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18378017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378017" title="Gajówka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gajówka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gajówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378022" title="Grabówka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Grabówka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Grabówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378026" title="Janowo, Gmina Choceń">
Janowo, Gmina Choceń

Janowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378033" title="Tomorrow (Morrissey song)">
Tomorrow (Morrissey song)

"Tomorrow" is a U.S. only single released by Morrissey in September 1992. It reached number one on "Billboard" magazine's Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart. It is a remix of the final track of Morrissey's "Your Arsenal" album of the same year. 

</doc>
<doc id="18378035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378035" title="Jarantowice, Włocławek County">
Jarantowice, Włocławek County

Jarantowice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378037" title="Jerzewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jerzewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jerzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378041" title="Kępka Szlachecka">
Kępka Szlachecka

Kępka Szlachecka () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. However a part of the village lies within Gmina Choceń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378042" title="Sumadera Station">
Sumadera Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Sanyo Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18378043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378043" title="Krukowo">
Krukowo

Krukowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18378044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378044" title="Stu Calver">
Stu Calver

Stu Calver was a British musician who died in October 2000 at the age of 54. He is best known for his work as a backing vocalist with the singer Cliff Richard. Stu Calver had an incredible vocal range, which was remarkable given that he was a cystic fibrosis sufferer.

</doc>
<doc id="18378047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378047" title="Krukowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Krukowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Krukowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Choceń, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378049" title="Ain Shams University Faculty of Medicine">
Ain Shams University Faculty of Medicine

Ain Shams University, Faculty of Medicine or School of Medicine, is a public Egyptian graduate school and one of the faculties of Ain Shams University. Now, it is one of the largest educational medical institutions in Africa and the Middle East. It was founded in 1947, making it the third oldest medical school in Egypt. It has promoted numerous programs of medical care to serve society, in addition to environmental development and continuous scientific research for local and international health.
It became part of Ain Shams University in the 1950s, when it was established after adding several faculty members. Each year the faculty holds an annual conference dedicated to the recent advances in medical science.
History.
The school of medicine was called el-Demerdash School of Medicine, before establishment of the University. The original El-Demerdash Hospital was established on August 5, 1928 by a generous grant from El-Demerdash Pasha and his wife and daughter. It was built on 12,400 square metres, and had 90 beds and the following sections: quarters for a resident physician and chief nurse, two wards, a surgery unit, out-patient clinic, a laboratory, kitchen, laundry room, isolation ward, an autopsy department and a mosque containing the mausoleum for the El-Demerdash family. The foundation of the hospital was witnessed by many people representing all the society of Egypt and also by the two most powerful figures in the country in that time: Lord George Lloyd (later on George Lloyd, 1st Baron Lloyd), the British high commissioner, and Prime Minister of Egypt Mohamed Mahmoud Pasha. The opening ceremony was covered by "Al Ahram", "The Times" and "the Near East" journals. It was officially opened on May 5, 1931. The hospital later on became the nucleus around which the Ain Shams Faculty of Medicine and teaching hospitals were formed. A memorial metallic plate and a marble monument were erected to mark this event.
The translation of the metallic plate is: "The honourable late Pasha Abdel-Rahim Moustafa El-Demerdash (may he have all God's forgiveness) and the two ladies his wife Zainab Hanem El-Demerdashiah and his daughter Qout Alqoulob Hanem El-Demerdashiah have donated—on the 5th of August 1928—by the piece of land on which this Hospital was erected which is 15,000 meter square, and donated the sum of 100,000 Egyptian Royal Pounds to be divided as 40,000 for the building of the hospital and 60,000 to be put into a Waqf and its benefits are dedicated to the expenses of running the hospital."
This was in the time of his Royal Highness King Fouad I, king of Egypt, and his Excellency Mohammed Mahmoud Pasha the Minister.
The official royal building authority supervised the building of the hospital. Also the public health authority, headed by his Excellency Doctor Mohammed Shahin Pasha, equipped the hospital and started its management in 1931. His Excellency Ismail Sedky Pasha, the Prime Minister, officially opened the Hospital on May 5, 1931 (outpatient clinic) and on May 20, 1931 (inpatients wards) to offer free treatment for all diseases for all people of all religions and nationalities.
Location.
The faculty of medicine with its hospitals is located in Abbassyia district of Cairo governorate, on Ahmed Lotfy Al-Sayed street.
Campus.
The campus is located in Cairo, consists of three faculties and one institute, educational hospitals, outpatient clinics, administration, a library, scientific societies and some medical units.
Buildings Located in The Ain Shams Medical District.
Which lyes behind el-Nour mosque in Abbasyyia square in the heart of Cairo, Egypt
Pediatrics hospital.
Pediatric department- Faculty of Medicine- Ain Shams University
Departments.
The school comprises 10 Academic departments including Anatomy, Histology, Biochemistry, Physiology, Pharmacology, Pathology, Parasitology, Microbiology, Community Medicine (Community, Environmental & Occupational Medicine), Forensic and Toxicology. All of the 21 clinical departments are located in the University hospitals, including the 6 major Clinical departments (Ophthalmology, Ear, Nose and Throat (ENT), Internal medicine, Tropical medicine, Surgery, Obstetrics & Gynecology and Pediatrics).

</doc>
<doc id="18378052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378052" title="Kuźnice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kuźnice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kuźnice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Choceń, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378054" title="Lijewo">
Lijewo

Lijewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378057" title="Łopatki, Włocławek County">
Łopatki, Włocławek County

Łopatki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378061" title="Ługowiska">
Ługowiska

Ługowiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378063" title="Lutobórz">
Lutobórz

Lutobórz () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Choceń, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378071" title="Niemojewo, Włocławek County">
Niemojewo, Włocławek County

Niemojewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378073" title="Nowa Wola">
Nowa Wola

Nowa Wola may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18378075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378075" title="Nowa Wola, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Nowa Wola, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Nowa Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Choceń, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378077" title="Olganowo">
Olganowo

Olganowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378081" title="Pustki Śmiłowskie">
Pustki Śmiłowskie

Pustki Śmiłowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378083" title="Skibice">
Skibice

Skibice may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18378085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378085" title="Skibice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Skibice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Skibice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Choceń, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378086" title="Freckles and His Friends">
Freckles and His Friends

Freckles and his Friends was a popular American comic strip set in the peaceful small town of Shadyside where young Freckles McGoosey and his friends live. Although the long-run strip, created by Merrill Blosser, is remembered for its continuing storyline involving a group of teenagers, it originally featured a child at the age of six or seven in gag-a-day situations.
Illustrated by Blosser and later by Henry Formhals (1908-1981), "Freckles and His Friends" was ghostwritten by Fred Fox (1903-1981). A gagwriter for Groucho Marx and Judy Canova, Fox scripted for radio, television and films. Widely syndicated by Newspaper Enterprise Association, "Freckles and His Friends" had a long run through much of the 20th Century. Today some of the strips can be read at Steve Cottle's I Love Comix Archive.
History.
Although many sources give the start date as September 20, 1915, comic strip historian Allan Holtz points out that it actually began on August 16, 1915. In May 1915, the 23-year-old Merrill Blosser landed a job in Chicago with NEA, initially drawing cartoons based on news events. That summer he began drawing five comics features. One of these, titled "Freckles", began as a one-column daily gag panel on August 16, expanding into a full comic strip on September 20 when it was retitled "Freckles and His Friends". One by one, Blosser dropped each of the other panels, but in July 1916, he began another strip, "Miniature Movies", which soon became "Chestnut Charlie", continuing until early in 1918. At that point, Blosser then dedicated himself exclusively to the production of "Freckles and His Friends".
The daily strip gained readers through the 1920s and into the 1930s when a Sunday strip was added on December 31, 1933. By 1939, according to "Editor & Publisher", the Sunday strip was published in 130 newspapers, while the daily strip appeared in more than 500 papers. During the World War II years, Blosser's creation was seen by some 60,000,000 readers.
Characters and story.
When Blosser began the strip in 1915, he simply devised daily gags and problems for his child character Freckles to encounter while wandering around the fictional town of Shadyside. At the time, Freckles wore short pants and long stockings. As Freckles aged, the strip introduced more jokes in family situations, eventually expanding into a continuity storyline about the teenage Freckles' day-to-day life with his friends.
The one-a-day gag strip evolved into adventure stories in the 1920s. In 1927, when readers were told to submit names for a horse, Blosser was overwhelmed with 24,000 responses. Freckles began wearing knickers in 1928. When "Freckles and His Friends" was dropped by a newspaper in 1929, the paper received thousands of phone calls, cards and letters, plus a petition from the employees of the newspaper, prompting a return of the strip to the comics page. In 1932, Freckles wore long trousers when he entered Shadyside High School and met his Friends. The Crumpet Hut crowd eventually included his best buddy Lard Smith, Bazoo Botts, Hilda, perky Daisy and the inventive intellectual Nutty Cook. Romance entered the strip after Freckles met June Wayman, a character introduced in 1937.
Walter Hoban and his strip "Jerry on the Job" were an influence on Blosser's simple cartoon style. An inspection of strips from different decades reveals that Blosser's artwork continually improved as the strips and characters evolved. After Henry Formhals became Blosser's assistant in 1935, a more realistic style surfaced as Freckles grew older and the strip became more narrative.
By 1939, Freckles was 17 years old, a high school senior and the captain of Shadyside High's football team. Most of his time was spent hanging out with his girlfriend June and his pal Lard, who was often in the company of his girlfriend, Hilda. Freckles' younger brother, Tagalong, aka Tag, also made appearances.
Shadyside.
Although Shadyside could have been located anywhere in the American heartland, it was obviously based on Blosser's hometown of Nappanee, Indiana, since Blosser often referenced real places in Nappanee, such as Johnson's Drug Store. Nappanee holds the distinction of having the longest city name in the United States containing each letter in its name twice, and six successful cartoonists lived in Nappanee as children, including Fred Neher ("Life’s Like That") and Bill Holman ("Smokey Stover").
In the 1940s, "Freckles and His Friends" carried a topper strip, "Hector". By 1945, the strip was carried in 580 daily and 158 Sunday newspapers. At its peak, "Freckles and His Friends" was syndicated to more than 700 papers. It was adapted to the Big Little Book series and reprinted in comic books, including Dell Comics' "Crackajack Funnies" and the back pages of the "Red Ryder" comic book. Freckles had his own title from Standard Comics for eight issues in the late 1940s and then four issues published by Argo Comics in the mid-1950s.
Blosser married shortly after he drew the earliest "Freckles and His Friends" strips. For years, the couple lived in Cleveland, where the NEA office was located, until they moved to Los Angeles and then to the Los Angeles suburb of Arcadia. After his first few decades of doing the strip, Blosser shared the work of producing the daily and Sunday strips with his assistant Henry Formhals, who took over the daily in 1938. When Blosser retired, Formhals produced it alone from 1966 to 1971. The strip was discontinued on August 28, 1971.
Awards.
In September 1945, with the 30th anniversary of "Freckles and His Friends", Blosser was the guest of honor in Los Angeles at a testimonial dinner attended by his personal friends, radio personalities, film stars and executives of the "Los Angeles News". In New York in May, 1965, the National Cartoonists Society honored Blosser with an award "in recognition of the wholesome entertainment he has brought his myriad readers" and for the creation of "the oldest regular comic strip still piloted by its creator."

</doc>
<doc id="18378087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378087" title="Śmiłowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Śmiłowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Śmiłowice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Choceń, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378089" title="Sat Thai">
Sat Thai

Sat Thai (, also spelled Sart Thai) is a traditional Thai mid-year festival, held on the new moon at the end of the tenth lunar month. It has many features of animism, attributing souls or spirits to animals, plants and other entities.
Etymology.
"Sat" ( or , RTGS 'Sat') comes from Pali , which means "autumnal". It specifically refers to the season "when the grain is in the ear": rice grain panicles droop as seed reaches full size and fills with milky starch in the days before harvest time. Fruits also are in the bud.
"Sat Thai" is known as such to differentiate it from the Ghost Festival, known in Thai as "Sat Chin".
Observance.
"Sat Thai" Day occurs at the end of Thai lunar calendar Moon 10, that is, waning day 15, evening (). This is a New Moon and so is a Buddhist Sabbath; but not one of the "Special Sabbaths", and not one of the secular public holidays in Thailand. It occurs midway past the traditional Thai New Year and near the autumnal equinox. It an occasion for making merit by honoring ( buucha) the spirits of the season, as well as one's deceased relatives, according to local tradition, with various rites and ceremonies.
Beginning of the Vegetarian Festival.
"Sat Thai" Day usually corresponds with the beginning of the nine-day Vegetarian Festival, which is widely observed by Thai Chinese and some Thais. It appears on calendars as "Begin 9-day vegetarian festival" ("roem thet-sa-gan kin-che 9 wan", ) — "kin-che" () is to vow in the manner of Vietnamese or Chinese Buddhists to eat a strict vegetarian diet.) 

</doc>
<doc id="18378090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378090" title="Stare Nakonowo">
Stare Nakonowo

Stare Nakonowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378096" title="Stefanowo, Włocławek County">
Stefanowo, Włocławek County

Stefanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378097" title="Świerkowo">
Świerkowo

Świerkowo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18378099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378099" title="Świerkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Świerkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Świerkowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378101" title="Szatki">
Szatki

Szatki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378102" title="Sanyo Suma Station">
Sanyo Suma Station

History.
A temporary station was opened here by the Hyogo Electric Tramway as on March 15, 1910. The permanent Suma Station opened in July 1912, in preparation for a westward extension to Ichinotani (a now-closed station between here and Sumaura-kōen) on July 11. The station was renamed (lit. 'The Station in front of (JGR) Suma Station) on April 12, 1917. On April 1, 1927 the railway was merged into the Ujigawa Electric Company, only to be sold off on June 6, 1933. Sanyō Electric Railway (nothing to do with the electronics company founded in 1950) renamed the station (lit. Electric Railway opposed to the JGR line, which was not electrified until 1964 Suma Station) in 1943 and elevated the station in August 1947. Limited Expresses started calling here in September 1957, and the platforms were extended in November 1967. Due to the opening of the Kōbe Rapid Transit Railway on April 7, 1968, Hankyū and Hanshin trains start calling here. Exactly 23 years later, the station receives its current name. The station, like many others in the Kobe area, was closed in the aftermath of the Great Hanshin earthquake on January 17, 1995; services to Sumadera resumed on April 9 that year, followed ten days later by services to Sumaura-kōen.
Layout.
The station building is on Japan National Route 2, at the (lit. in front of Suma Station) intersection. From here a subway leads to two island platforms.
Services.
Trains run 0500-0015 every day. The typical hourly weekday off-peak service is:
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Sanyo Electric Railway
References.
This article incorporates material translated from 山陽須磨駅 ("Sanyō Suma Eki") in the Japanese Wikipedia, retrieved March 21, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18378104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378104" title="Szczutkowo">
Szczutkowo

Szczutkowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378109" title="Szczytno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Szczytno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Szczytno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378110" title="Wichrowice">
Wichrowice

Wichrowice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378112" title="Wilkowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wilkowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wilkowice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378116" title="Wilkowiczki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wilkowiczki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wilkowiczki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Choceń, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378119" title="Wola Nakonowska">
Wola Nakonowska

Wola Nakonowska () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378120" title="Ząbin">
Ząbin

Ząbin () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378122" title="Zakrzewek">
Zakrzewek

Zakrzewek may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18378125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378125" title="Zakrzewek, Włocławek County">
Zakrzewek, Włocławek County

Zakrzewek () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378128" title="Zapust, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Zapust, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Zapust is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378131" title="Sumaura-kōen Station">
Sumaura-kōen Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Sanyo Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18378139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378139" title="Bogołomia">
Bogołomia

Bogołomia () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378142" title="Bogołomia-Kolonia">
Bogołomia-Kolonia

Bogołomia-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 14.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378145" title="Brzyszewo">
Brzyszewo

Brzyszewo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378149" title="Cetty">
Cetty

Cetty () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378152" title="Chodeczek">
Chodeczek

Chodeczek () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378154" title="Chodeczek-Wieś">
Chodeczek-Wieś

Chodeczek-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 58.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378155" title="Blythswood House">
Blythswood House

Blythswood House was a neoclassical mansion at Renfrew, Scotland.
It was designed in 1821, by the eminent architect James Gillespie Graham for Archibald Campbell, the Member of Parliament for the Glasgow District of Burghs. On his death in 1838 it passed to his second cousin Archibald Douglas of Mains, who adopted the name of Campbell.
The house contained a well-known laboratory that was used from 1892 to 1905 to experiment into many areas at the borders of physics, including the use of cathode rays, X-rays, spectroscopy and radioactivity.
The house remained the seat of the Lords Blythswood until its demolition in 1935. Five years later the family title became extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="18378157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378157" title="Florkowizna">
Florkowizna

Florkowizna () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378162" title="Gawin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gawin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gawin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378165" title="Huta Chodecka">
Huta Chodecka

Huta Chodecka () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378167" title="Huta Towarzystwo">
Huta Towarzystwo

Huta Towarzystwo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 10.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378168" title="Ignalin">
Ignalin

Ignalin may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18378169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378169" title="Sanyo Shioya Station">
Sanyo Shioya Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Sanyo Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18378171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378171" title="Ignalin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Ignalin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Ignalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 153.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378179" title="Kołatki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kołatki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kołatki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 10.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378180" title="Kromszewice">
Kromszewice

Kromszewice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378185" title="Kubłowo">
Kubłowo

Kubłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378187" title="Kubłowo Małe">
Kubłowo Małe

Kubłowo Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 47.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378190" title="Łakno">
Łakno

Łakno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 76.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378196" title="Łania, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Łania, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Łania () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378197" title="Łanięta">
Łanięta

Łanięta may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18378198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378198" title="Łanięta, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Łanięta, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Łanięta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378203" title="Lubieniec">
Lubieniec

Lubieniec may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18378206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378206" title="Lubieniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Lubieniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Lubieniec () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378211" title="Micielno">
Micielno

Micielno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
Micielno has a population of 16.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378213" title="Mielinek">
Mielinek

Mielinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378216" title="Mielno, Włocławek County">
Mielno, Włocławek County

Mielno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378218" title="Mstowo">
Mstowo

Mstowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378220" title="Niesiołów">
Niesiołów

Niesiołów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 33.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378223" title="Niwki, Włocławek County">
Niwki, Włocławek County

Niwki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 45.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378227" title="Nowiny, Włocławek County">
Nowiny, Włocławek County

Nowiny () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378230" title="Ogorzelewo">
Ogorzelewo

Ogorzelewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 11.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378231" title="Takinochaya Station">
Takinochaya Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Sanyo Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18378232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378232" title="Pieleszki">
Pieleszki

Pieleszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 111.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378238" title="Piotrowo, Włocławek County">
Piotrowo, Włocławek County

Piotrowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 11.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378240" title="Metopiinae">
Metopiinae

Metopiinae are a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae. 
Metopiinae are koinobiont endoparasitoids of Lepidoptera. There are 26 extant genera. A bulging shield-like face is diagnostic for members of this subfamily, but many members lack this character.

</doc>
<doc id="18378242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378242" title="Podgórze, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Podgórze, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Podgórze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 6.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378244" title="Prosno">
Prosno

Prosno may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18378246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378246" title="Prosno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Prosno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Prosno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 49.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378248" title="Przysypka">
Przysypka

Przysypka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378251" title="Psary, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Psary, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Psary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378254" title="Pyszkowo">
Pyszkowo

Pyszkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378258" title="Ruda Lubieniecka">
Ruda Lubieniecka

Ruda Lubieniecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 121.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378266" title="Sadok, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Sadok, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Sadok is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 18.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378271" title="Sim Jae-Won">
Sim Jae-Won

Sim Jae-Won (born 11 March 1977) is a South Korean footballer.
His previous club was Busan I'Park, Gwangju Sangmu Bulsajo in South Korea and Eintracht Frankfurt in Germany and Changsha Ginde in China.
He has played in the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship for the South Korea national team and at the 2000 Summer Olympics for the South Korea national team.
Sim has represented South Korea in senior team squads from 1998 to 2001. His A-match first goal was 5 April 2000, against Laos at Dongdaemun Stadium for Asian Cup first qualification match.

</doc>
<doc id="18378276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378276" title="Sławęcin, Gmina Chodecz">
Sławęcin, Gmina Chodecz

Sławęcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378278" title="Sobiczewy">
Sobiczewy

Sobiczewy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378286" title="Strzygi, Włocławek County">
Strzygi, Włocławek County

Strzygi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378288" title="Strzyżki">
Strzyżki

Strzyżki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378291" title="Szczecin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Szczecin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Szczecin () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378292" title="Football in Slovenia">
Football in Slovenia

Football in Slovenia is governed by the Football Association of Slovenia ("Nogometna zveza Slovenije"). Slovenia is participating in the international football as an independent nation since 1991, when the country gained independence from SFR Yugoslavia. Slovenia national football team has qualified for three major tournaments (UEFA Euro 2000, 2002 FIFA World Cup and 2010 FIFA World Cup).

</doc>
<doc id="18378294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378294" title="Trzeszczon">
Trzeszczon

Trzeszczon is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378295" title="Siege of Jerusalem (597 BC)">
Siege of Jerusalem (597 BC)

In 605 BC Nebuchadnezzar II, king of Babylon defeated Pharaoh Neco at the Battle of Carchemish and subsequently invaded Judah while pursuing the Egyptian army. To avoid the destruction of Jerusalem, King Jehoiakim of Jerusalem, in his 3rd year, changed allegiances from Egypt to Babylon. He paid tribute from the treasury in Jerusalem, some temple artifacts, and some of the royal family and nobility as hostages. Back again in 601 BC, during the fourth year of his reign, Nebuchadnezzar unsuccessfully attempted to invade Egypt and was repulsed with heavy losses. This failure led to numerous rebellions among the states of the Levant which owed allegiance to Babylon, including Judah, where king Jehoiakim stopped paying tribute to Nebuchadnezzar and took a pro-Egyptian position.
Nebuchadnezzar soon dealt with these rebellions. According to the Nebuchadnezzar Chronicle, he laid siege to Jerusalem, which eventually fell on 2 Adar (March 16) 597 BC. The Chronicle states:
In the seventh year (of Nebuchadnezzar-599 BC.) in the month Chislev (Nov/Dec) the king of Babylon assembled his army, and after he had invaded the land of Hatti (Syria/Palestine) he laid siege to the city of Judah. On the second day of the month of Adar (16 March) he conquered the city and took the king (Jeconiah) prisoner. He installed in his place a king (Zedekiah) of his own choice, and after he had received rich tribute, he sent forth to Babylon.
Nebuchadnezzar pillaged both the city and the Temple and deported to Babylon the new king Jeconiah who was either eight or eighteen at the time (Jehoiakim having died in the meantime) and his court and other prominent citizens and craftsmen, along with a sizable portion of the Jewish population of Judah, numbering about 10,000. Among them were Ezekiel. The author of the book of Daniel, who was deported along with Ezekiel, reports that his experiences (if they are to be understood and interpreted as historical narrative) also occur while in Babylonian exile in this period. A biblical text written in approximately the same time period of the exile reports that "None remained except the poorest people of the land" and that also taken to Babylon were the treasures and furnishings of the Temple, including golden vessels dedicated by King Solomon.()
These events are described in the Nevi'im and Ketuvim, sections of the Tanakh, and the Hebrew Bible, known to non-Jews as the Old Testament. This first deportation is the start of the Jewish Diaspora (or exile). () Nebuchadnezzar installed Jeconiah's uncle, Zedekiah, as puppet-king of Judah, while Jeconiah was compelled to remain in Babylon, where he was regarded by the Jews in Babylon as the legitimate king of Judah and later would be regarded as the first of the exilarchs.
Chronological note.
The Babylonian Chronicles, which were published by Donald Wiseman in 1956, establish that Nebuchadnezzar captured Jerusalem the first time on 2 Adar (16 March) 597 BC. Before Wiseman's publication, Thiele had determined from the biblical texts that Nebuchadnezzar's initial capture of Jerusalem occurred in the spring of 597 BC, while other scholars, including Albright, more frequently dated the event to 598 BC.
Dates in the book of Ezekiel are given according to the year of captivity of Jeconiah (i.e. the first fall of Jerusalem).

</doc>
<doc id="18378296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378296" title="Uklejnica">
Uklejnica

Uklejnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 33.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378299" title="Wola Adamowa">
Wola Adamowa

Wola Adamowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378301" title="Zalesie, Włocławek County">
Zalesie, Włocławek County

Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378304" title="Zbijewo">
Zbijewo

Zbijewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Chodecz, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378305" title="Zieleniewo">
Zieleniewo

Zieleniewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18378307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378307" title="Zieleniewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Zieleniewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Zieleniewo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378319" title="Bogucin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bogucin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bogucin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Fabianki, north-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 696.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378322" title="Chełmica Duża">
Chełmica Duża

Chełmica Duża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Fabianki, north-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 1,114.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378326" title="Chełmica Mała">
Chełmica Mała

Chełmica Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Fabianki, north-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378329" title="Chełmica-Cukrownia">
Chełmica-Cukrownia

Chełmica-Cukrownia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Fabianki, north-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378330" title="Cyprianka">
Cyprianka

Cyprianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Fabianki, north of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 591.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378335" title="Fabianki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Fabianki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Fabianki is a village in Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Fabianki. It lies approximately north-east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 660.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378339" title="Krępiny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Krępiny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Krępiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378340" title="Kulin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kulin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kulin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Fabianki, north-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378344" title="Lisek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Lisek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Lisek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Fabianki, north of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378346" title="Nasiegniewo">
Nasiegniewo

Nasiegniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Fabianki, north-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 1,203.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378349" title="Nowy Witoszyn">
Nowy Witoszyn

Nowy Witoszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Fabianki, north of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378352" title="Skórzno">
Skórzno

Skórzno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Fabianki, north-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378353" title="Stary Witoszyn">
Stary Witoszyn

Stary Witoszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378356" title="Świątkowizna">
Świątkowizna

Świątkowizna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378357" title="Szpetal Górny">
Szpetal Górny

Szpetal Górny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Fabianki, north-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 1,856.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378362" title="Wilczeniec Fabiański">
Wilczeniec Fabiański

Wilczeniec Fabiański is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Fabianki, north of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378376" title="Augustynowo">
Augustynowo

Augustynowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378379" title="Błenna">
Błenna

Błenna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Izbica Kujawska, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378383" title="Błenna A">
Błenna A

Błenna A is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Izbica Kujawska, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378388" title="Błenna B">
Błenna B

Błenna B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Izbica Kujawska, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378391" title="Chociszewo">
Chociszewo

Chociszewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18378396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378396" title="Chociszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Chociszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Chociszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378399" title="Cieplinki">
Cieplinki

Cieplinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378403" title="Ciepliny">
Ciepliny

Ciepliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378406" title="Ciepliny-Budy">
Ciepliny-Budy

Ciepliny-Budy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378413" title="Długie">
Długie

Długie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18378418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378418" title="Długie, Włocławek County">
Długie, Włocławek County

Długie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378419" title="Gąsiorowo">
Gąsiorowo

Gąsiorowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18378422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378422" title="Gąsiorowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gąsiorowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gąsiorowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378428" title="Grochowiska, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Grochowiska, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Grochowiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378434" title="On the Ride (song)">
On the Ride (song)

"On the Ride" is a pop song recorded by American teen pop duo Aly & AJ for their debut album "Into the Rush". It is their fourth Disney-only single and got a digital release. It was released with their 2006 Disney Channel Original Movie "Cow Belles", in which the girls play the starring roles. Its music video features scenes from the movie merged in it and this song is featured in their movie. Their first live concert DVD "On the Ride" is named after this song.

</doc>
<doc id="18378436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378436" title="Helenowo, Włocławek County">
Helenowo, Włocławek County

Helenowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378446" title="Józefowo, Gmina Izbica Kujawska">
Józefowo, Gmina Izbica Kujawska

Józefowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378448" title="Kazanki">
Kazanki

Kazanki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378452" title="Kazimierowo">
Kazimierowo

Kazimierowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18378453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378453" title="Kazimierowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kazimierowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kazimierowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378458" title="Marriage equality (disambiguation)">
Marriage equality (disambiguation)

Marriage equality is the introduction of same-sex marriage, as it is referred to by its proponents.
Marriage equality may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18378459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378459" title="Komorowo, Włocławek County">
Komorowo, Włocławek County

Komorowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378463" title="Mchówek">
Mchówek

Mchówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378468" title="Mieczysławowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Mieczysławowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Mieczysławowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 45.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378479" title="Modzerowo, Gmina Izbica Kujawska">
Modzerowo, Gmina Izbica Kujawska

Modzerowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 180.
Catholical Church.
In Modzerowo is historic, wooden church of St. Stanislaus Bishop and Martyr, from 1591. There is also a Roman Catholic cemetery.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378481" title="Naczachowo">
Naczachowo

Naczachowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378482" title="Brian Moynahan">
Brian Moynahan

Brian Moynahan is an English journalist and historical writer. He graduated from the University of Cambridge in history with first class honours. After this time he became a journalist with "The Yorkshire Post", "Town Magazine", and "The Times". He was also European Editor of "The Sunday Times". Since 1989 he has concentrated on writing histories while continuing to write for British and American newspapers. His works include a "History of Christianity" and "God's Messenger", about the Protestant martyr, William Tyndale and his relationship with Thomas More. He has travelled extensively to Russia and has written three books on Russian history. as well as three on aspects of Christianity. Because of his journalistic background, Moynahan's writing has been described as being, "mercifully free of the sludge that often clogs academic treatises", and has enabled him to become a best-seller. 
Review.
According to Geoffrey Gibbons, Moynahan's book "If God spare my life" is a remarkably vivid and compelling account of the life of one of the most determined and single minded of the new reformers who saw the need for a translation of the Bible from the Latin or Greek of other versions into the vernacular accessible to anyone who read English. Thomas More, as Chancellor of England, whose remit was to uphold and enforce the law proved to be Tyndale's bitterest enemy and Moynahan shows in the pages of his book how More used every device and scheme to seize Tyndale, bring him back to England with the clear and expressed intent to have him brought before an ecclesiastical court as a heretic, to be so charged and convicted of the offence and then handed over to the civil authority to be dealt with.
References.
Interview with Brian Moynahan (Aug 23 2010)

</doc>
<doc id="18378488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378488" title="Nowa Wieś, Gmina Izbica Kujawska">
Nowa Wieś, Gmina Izbica Kujawska

Nowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378491" title="Obałki">
Obałki

Obałki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378493" title="Pasieka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Pasieka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Pasieka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378496" title="Bayt Al-Razzaz palace">
Bayt Al-Razzaz palace

The Bayt al-Razzaz Palace was constructed from the late 15th century through the late 18th century in the heart of medieval Cairo, Egypt.
Bayt al-Razzaz is an abandoned 178-room urban palace in the Darb al-Ahmar neighborhood of medieval Cairo. It is a property of the Egyptian Supreme Council of Antiquities.
It was built in the time of the Mamluk sultan Qayt Bay or Qaitbay.

</doc>
<doc id="18378499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378499" title="Skarbanowo">
Skarbanowo

Skarbanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378501" title="Acaenitinae">
Acaenitinae

Acaenitinae is a worldwide (except South America) subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae. 
Little is known of the Acaenitinae. The only reared species was a koinobiont endoparasitoid of a weevil. There are 24 genera. Hosts are believed to be Coleoptera larvae in wood. Female Acaenitinae have a large triangular projecting genital plate.

</doc>
<doc id="18378504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378504" title="Ślazewo">
Ślazewo

Ślazewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378507" title="Śmielnik">
Śmielnik

Śmielnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378514" title="Śmieły">
Śmieły

Śmieły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Izbica Kujawska, south of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378520" title="Sokołowo, Gmina Izbica Kujawska">
Sokołowo, Gmina Izbica Kujawska

Sokołowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378525" title="Świętosławice">
Świętosławice

Świętosławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378527" title="Świszewy">
Świszewy

Świszewy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378531" title="Szczkówek">
Szczkówek

Szczkówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378539" title="Tymień, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Tymień, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Tymień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378551" title="Wietrzychowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wietrzychowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wietrzychowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
Archaeology.
In forest near village situated is group of megalithic tombs called '"Polish Pyramids". They are elongated mounds with a length of up to 120 meters and a height of 2-3 meters. Probably was built by mans from Funnelbeaker culture in 4000 years BC.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378553" title="Wiszczelice">
Wiszczelice

Wiszczelice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Izbica Kujawska, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378557" title="Wólka Komorowska">
Wólka Komorowska

Wólka Komorowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378560" title="Zdzisławin">
Zdzisławin

Zdzisławin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378568" title="Criminal Investigation Branch">
Criminal Investigation Branch

The Criminal Investigation Branch (CIB) is one of the main branches of the New Zealand Police and it is dedicated to investigating and solving serious crime, and targeting organized crime and recidivist criminals. The CIB has existed since the civil Police Force was formed in 1886 by the Police Force Act 1886.
Frontline CIB.
The CIB has detectives stationed around the country. Their job is to investigate serious crimes such as homicides, aggravated violence, sexual offending, drug offences, crimes against society, and fraud.
Staff who work in the CIB are drawn from the Uniform Branch who have completed five CIB training modultes. They then undergo an intensive period of training in law and the latest techniques in investigation. The training consists of a live-in three and a half week CIB Selection and Induction Course at the Royal New Zealand Police College. Upon the completion of this course the police officer gains the designation of Constable on Trial. The minimum period of this designation is six months and during this period the Constable on Trial is expected to complete four CIB modules. They are then eligible to apply for the designation of Detective Constable, which the minimum period for this designation is 24 months. During this time the Detective Constable completes six further CIB modules, a Workplace Assessment Book, a three hour Pre-Requisite exam based upon the content of the 15 CIB modules and then a three week CIB Detective Qualifying Course. They are then eligible to apply for the designation of Detective.
As well as the frontline CIB squads there are a number of proactive Organized Crime Squads that use covert methods to principally target high level drug offending. Detectives who work on these squads routinely carry out protracted investigations into organized groups or individuals who habitually commit crimes.
High Profile Investigations.
High profile crimes like homicide require detectives to carry out lengthy and thorough inquiries. They interview witnesses and gather physical evidence to piece together a case that leads to the offender being identified. Once the investigation is complete, a Crown Solicitor will begin a prosecution against the accused in the High Court.
The detective will then deal with witnesses and expert forensic specialists in preparation for a depositions hearing. This where a High Court Judge assesses the case against the accused to see if it is strong enough to proceed to trial. If a trial is held, detectives arrange for witnesses to give evidence along with their own testimony.
Policing Tools.
Today, most complex crime inquiries are carried out with the help of modern policing tools. A Criminal Investigation Database is used to record and organize information gathered during many serious crime investigations.
Intelligence-lead policing and analytical computer tools are increasingly used to help police detect and suppress crime. Crime mapping is a computer tool that presents police with information on where certain crimes are being committed. Link charting enables detectives to plot the relationships between criminals and their activities.
Special methods to Investigate Organized Crime.
Undercover Programme - Undercover police officers are sometimes deployed to detect serious criminal offending, which is often gang-related. They assume another identity and go into the field for weeks or months. When they have gathered enough information to make arrests, the undercover operation is terminated.
Witness Protection - Witnesses who give evidence against gang members and other serious criminals can sometimes feel threatened or intimidated. The Witness Protection Programme monitors these people's welfare and if need be, helps them create new identities.
Threats - The Threat Assessment Unit investigates threats against police staff, judges and court staff and other investigative agency staff. They respond to counter-terrorist threats or situations. The unit also collects and analyses potential threats to New Zealand and visiting government politicians and officials. 
Police Negotiation Team (PNT) is a specialist unit of the New Zealand Police dedicated to crisis negotiation. Nationwide, there are 17 Police Negotiation teams, with each Armed Offender Squad (AOS) having a dedicated PNT attached to it. Similar to the AOS units themselves, the negotiators are all part-time volunteers drawn from the ranks of the front line police.
As well as deploying to armed incidents with the AOS, they will also act as an independent unit and speak with suicidal people, offenders who have barricaded themselves in buildings, prison rioters, and kidnappers. They will also deploy overseas to provide support and advise to the New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade when a New Zealand national has been kidnapped.

</doc>
<doc id="18378593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378593" title="Bogusławice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bogusławice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bogusławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kowal, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378595" title="Czerniewiczki">
Czerniewiczki

Czerniewiczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378603" title="Dąbrówka, Gmina Kowal">
Dąbrówka, Gmina Kowal

Dąbrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378608" title="Dębniaki, Włocławek County">
Dębniaki, Włocławek County

Dębniaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kowal, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378612" title="Dobrzelewice">
Dobrzelewice

Dobrzelewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kowal, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378619" title="Dziardonice">
Dziardonice

Dziardonice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Kowal, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378626" title="Gołaszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gołaszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gołaszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Kowal, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has an approximate population of 370.

</doc>
<doc id="18378629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378629" title="Grabkowo">
Grabkowo

Grabkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kowal, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378634" title="Grodztwo, Włocławek County">
Grodztwo, Włocławek County

Grodztwo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378637" title="Krzewent">
Krzewent

Krzewent is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kowal, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378640" title="Nakonowo">
Nakonowo

Nakonowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kowal, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378642" title="Przydatki Gołaszewskie">
Przydatki Gołaszewskie

Przydatki Gołaszewskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378645" title="Rakutowo">
Rakutowo

Rakutowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kowal, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378649" title="Strzały">
Strzały

Strzały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Kowal, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378653" title="Unisławice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Unisławice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Unisławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Kowal, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378659" title="Więsławice">
Więsławice

Więsławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378661" title="Więsławice-Parcele">
Więsławice-Parcele

Więsławice-Parcele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378667" title="Bodzia">
Bodzia

Bodzia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń. Bodzia is also known for an archaeological find dated to the late 10th Century and early 11th Century containing graves of elite warriors. The grave goods suggest links to Nordic and Kievan Rus culture. The village is also home to a German World War II cemetery. 
The village is a perfect example of a row settlement akin to German "Zeilendorf" - a type of linear settlement with sparser house density. Most of the houses are located to the south of the main road connecting Sarnówka with Studniska. Several hundred metres to the south of the village lies the construction site of the A1 motorway connecting Silesia, Łódź, Toruń and Gdańsk (under construction ). 
According to the Geographical Dictionary of the Kingdom of Poland of 1900, the village had 312 inhabitants and covered the area of 277 morgen. Back then it belonged to the powiat of Nieszawa. Between 1975 and 1998 it was part of the Włocławek Voivodeship. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378670" title="Dąbrówka, Gmina Lubanie">
Dąbrówka, Gmina Lubanie

Dąbrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378672" title="Gąbinek">
Gąbinek

Gąbinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Lubanie, north-west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378676" title="Janowice, Włocławek County">
Janowice, Włocławek County

Janowice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lubanie, north-west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378679" title="Kałęczynek">
Kałęczynek

Kałęczynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378686" title="Kaźmierzewo, Włocławek County">
Kaźmierzewo, Włocławek County

Kaźmierzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378688" title="Leopold Jansa">
Leopold Jansa

Leopold Jansa (23 March 1795, Wildenschwert (), far north-east Bohemia, Austrian Empire – 25 January 1875, Vienna) was a Bohemian violinist, composer, and teacher.
He was born in Wildenschwert, Austria-Hungary (present day Ústí nad Orlicí, Czech Republic) and died in Vienna. He took violin lessons as a child in his home town. He completed his education in Brünn. In 1817 he came to Vienna to study law. However, he soon took up composition lessons with Jan Václav Voříšek and Emanuel Förster.
He was a member of the Braunschweig orchestra in 1823, while in 1824 he joined the Vienna Court Orchestra. In 1834, he became music director and professor at University of Vienna. From 1834 to 1850, he participated in various String quartets. He took over from Ignaz Schuppanzigh, with Karl Holz (second violin), and Joseph Linke (cello), adding Karl Traugott Queisser (viola). From 1845 to 1848 he directed quartet soirées at the hall of the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde. In 1847-48 he taught violin at the Vienna Conservatory.
He lost his positions in Vienna as a result of his participation in a London concert in favour of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848. He stayed in London as a music teacher, until 1868 when he was amnestied and returned to Vienna. He resumed his previous duties in 1871.
Among his students was Wilma Neruda, later known as Lady Hallé, and Karl Goldmark.
He composed chamber music and violin works.

</doc>
<doc id="18378690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378690" title="Kocia Górka">
Kocia Górka

Kocia Górka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378696" title="Kolonia Ustrońska">
Kolonia Ustrońska

Kolonia Ustrońska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378699" title="Kucerz">
Kucerz

Kucerz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378702" title="Lubanie">
Lubanie

Lubanie () is a village in Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lubanie. It lies approximately north-west of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378708" title="Mikanowo A">
Mikanowo A

Mikanowo A is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378710" title="Mikanowo B">
Mikanowo B

Mikanowo B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378713" title="Probostwo Dolne">
Probostwo Dolne

Probostwo Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378719" title="Probostwo Górne">
Probostwo Górne

Probostwo Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378722" title="Przywieczerzyn">
Przywieczerzyn

Przywieczerzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378723" title="Przywieczerzynek">
Przywieczerzynek

Przywieczerzynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378725" title="Sarnówka">
Sarnówka

Sarnówka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18378726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378726" title="Sarnówka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Sarnówka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Sarnówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lubanie, north-west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378728" title="Siutkówek">
Siutkówek

Siutkówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378729" title="Tadzin">
Tadzin

Tadzin may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18378731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378731" title="Tadzin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Tadzin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Tadzin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Lubanie, north-west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378735" title="Ustronie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Ustronie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Ustronie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lubanie, north-west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378740" title="Włoszyca Lubańska">
Włoszyca Lubańska

Włoszyca Lubańska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 280.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378744" title="Zapomianowo">
Zapomianowo

Zapomianowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378748" title="Zosin, Włocławek County">
Zosin, Włocławek County

Zosin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Lubanie, north-west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378757" title="Milking pipeline">
Milking pipeline

A milking pipeline or milk pipeline is a component of a dairy farm animal-milking operation, which is used to transfer milk from the animals to a cooling and storage bulk tank. 
Setup.
In small dairy farms with less than 100 cows, the pipeline is installed above the cow stalls and the cows are milked in sequence by moving from one cow to the next down the row of stalls. The milking machine is a lightweight transportable hose assembly which is plugged into sealed access ports along the pipeline.
In the United States, for farmers that participate in the voluntary Dairy Herd Improvement Association (DHIA), approximately once a month the milk volume from each cow is measured using additional portable metering devices inserted between the milker and the pipeline. 
In large dairy farms with more than 100 cows, the pipeline is installed within a milking parlor that cows walk through in order to be milked at fixed milking stations that do not move. In this case the milking machine is fixed permanently in place, and because it is stationary, it can include additional fixed equipment such as computerized milk-metering systems to measure milk volume at every milking, which would be cumbersome to use all the time with portable milkers.
In both cases the pipeline is constructed out of stainless steel which does not easily corrode and is resistant to most chemicals, though larger operations may use larger diameter pipes in order to handle greater milk volumes flowing through the piping.
Transfer from pipeline to bulk tank.
There is usually a transition point to move the milk from the pipeline under vacuum to the bulk tank which is at normal atmospheric pressure. This is done by having the milk flow into a receiver bowl or globe, which is a large hollow glass container with electronic liquid-detecting probes in the center. As the milk rises to a certain height in the bowl, a transfer pump is used to push the milk through a one-way check valve and into a pipe that transfers the milk to the bulk tank. When the level has dropped far enough in the bowl, the transfer pump turns off. Without the check valve, the milk in the bulk tank could be sucked back into the receiver bowl when the pump is not running.
In the event of electronics or pump failure, there is also usually a secondary bowl attached to the top of receiver bowl, which contains a float and a diaphragm valve. If the main receiver bowl overflows due to pump failure, the rising milk lifts the float in the secondary bowl, which will cut off vacuum to the entire milk pipeline and will prevent the milk or wash water from being sucked into the vacuum pump.
Some milk handling systems eliminate the receiver bowl and transfer pump by having rubber seals on the bulk tank covers, to permit the entire tank to be under vacuum until milking is finished. Milk can then just flow directly by gravity from the pipeline into the bulk tank.
Pipeline cleaning.
The pipeline and all milk handling systems are cleaned after every milking session using a pipeline washing system that first rinses out the remaining milk and then flushes cleaning solution through the piping to kill bacteria and remove "milkstone", a layer of scale mainly formed by cations like calcium and magnesium. The entire washing mechanism is operated very much like a household dishwasher with an automatic fill system, soap dispenser, and automatic drain opener.
The milking pipeline is usually set up so that the vacuum in the system that lifts milk up into the pipeline can also be used to drive the cleaning process. Rather than having a single line run to the bulk tank, typically a pair of lines transport milk by gravity flow to the receiver bowl and transfer pump. The high ends of these two lines are joined together to form a complete loop back to the receiver bowl.
Cleaning is accomplished by inserting a choke plug into one of the lines leading to the transfer pump, and sucking large volumes of water from a wash-water supply tank into the choked line. This choke plug is mounted on a rod, and is inserted into the line before cleaning and pulled out for regular milking. Due to the choke, the water, which is sufficient to completely fill the pipe, is sucked up one side of the pipeline, over the high point joining the two pipeline sections, and then flows back to the receiver bowl and transfer pump through the unchoked line. The transfer pump is then used to move the cleaning solution from the receiver bowl back to the wash-water supply tank to restart the process. 
Typically, the inlet ports on the receiver globe are designed so that large slugs of wash water moving at high speed will enter on a tangent to the sides of the globe and rapidly spin around inside to assist in vigorous cleaning of the globe interior. It is normal for wash water to overflow out the top of the globe and for some wash water to be sucked into the overflow chamber to also flush it out. During cleaning the bottom of the overflow chamber is connected to a drain channel on the receiver globe to permit water to flow out.
For the small-farm pipeline, the portable milkers are inserted into this cleaning loop usually by sucking the cleaning solution out of the wash supply tank through the milker claw and outputting from the milker hoses into the choked end of the line. When the water returns to the receiver bowl, the transfer pump returns the water back to the milker's water pickup tank.

</doc>
<doc id="18378769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378769" title="Antoniewo, Włocławek County">
Antoniewo, Włocławek County

Antoniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Lubień Kujawski, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378778" title="Bagno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bagno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bagno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378783" title="Beszyn">
Beszyn

Beszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378786" title="Bileńska Kolonia">
Bileńska Kolonia

Bileńska Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378790" title="Judy Spence">
Judy Spence

Judith Caroline Spence (born 19 May 1957) is an Australian politician and former member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for the Australian Labor Party, from the 1989 election to 2012. She represented Mount Gravatt until 2009, but after a redistribution she switched to Sunnybank, which covered much of the same territory. She was Leader of the House, a role responsible for the co-ordination and management of Government business in the Assembly from 7 April 2009 to 24 March 2012.
Spence was born in Brisbane on 19 May 1957 and obtained a Bachelor of Arts and Diploma of Teaching before becoming a secondary school teacher. She was elected to Parliament at the 1989 election on 2 December 1989, defeating National MP Ian Henderson and becoming the first Labor member for the seat in 32 years. She was a member of various committees and, upon the defeat of the Goss government as a result of the Mundingburra by-election, became Shadow Minister for Consumer Affairs and Women in the Beattie shadow cabinet in February 1996, adding Aboriginal and Islander Affairs to her shadow responsibilities in December 1996.
After the 1998 state election, where Labor won minority government, she became Minister for Women's Policy, Aboriginal and Islander Affairs and Fair Trading in the Beattie Ministry. In 2000, she resigned from the Left faction of the Labor Party and joined the dominant Labor Unity faction. At the 2001 state election, she retained Aboriginal and Islander Affairs but otherwise moved to Families and Disability Services. In 2004 she was promoted to Minister for Police and Corrective Services, in which she served until the 2009 election. She was demoted to Parliamentary Secretary assisting the Premier and Minister for Arts at this time by Premier Anna Bligh, attributed by some analysts to the settling of a dispute arising from her earlier factional switch, but she was appointed Leader of the House a couple of weeks later.
She is a member of Amnesty International and several schools' Parents & Citizens committees. Spence stood down from Parliament at the 2012 election.

</doc>
<doc id="18378792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378792" title="Bilno, Włocławek County">
Bilno, Włocławek County

Bilno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lubień Kujawski, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378798" title="Błędowo, Włocławek County">
Błędowo, Włocławek County

Błędowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378804" title="Błonie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Błonie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Błonie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378807" title="Chojny">
Chojny

Chojny may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18378808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378808" title="Chojny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Chojny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Chojny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378810" title="Chwalibogowo">
Chwalibogowo

Chwalibogowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18378811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378811" title="Chwalibogowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Chwalibogowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Chwalibogowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378818" title="Czaple, Włocławek County">
Czaple, Włocławek County

Czaple is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378820" title="Dziankówek">
Dziankówek

Dziankówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378824" title="Dziankowo">
Dziankowo

Dziankowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378828" title="Gliznowo">
Gliznowo

Gliznowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378831" title="Gocław">
Gocław

Gocław may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18378833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378833" title="Gocław, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gocław, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gocław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378836" title="Gole, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gole, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378839" title="Golska Huta">
Golska Huta

Golska Huta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378843" title="Henryków, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Henryków, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Henryków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378847" title="Rino Benedetti">
Rino Benedetti

Rino Benedetti (18 November 1928 in Ponte Buggianese – 14 June 2002) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer, who won stages in all the three Grand Tours.

</doc>
<doc id="18378848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378848" title="Kaczawka">
Kaczawka

Kaczawka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378858" title="Kaliska, Włocławek County">
Kaliska, Włocławek County

Kaliska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378862" title="Mielno (disambiguation)">
Mielno (disambiguation)

Mielno is a Baltic coastal resort in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland.
Mielno may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18378863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378863" title="Kamienna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kamienna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kamienna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378867" title="Kanibród">
Kanibród

Kanibród is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Lubień Kujawski, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378871" title="Koskinonodon">
Koskinonodon

Koskinonodon is an extinct genus of large temnospondyl amphibian, formerly named Buettneria. It may have reached up to 3 m (10 ft) in length, with a 65 cm skull. It was very common during the Late Triassic (Carnian age) in what is now the American Southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="18378872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378872" title="Kąty, Gmina Lubień Kujawski">
Kąty, Gmina Lubień Kujawski

Kąty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378875" title="Kłóbka">
Kłóbka

Kłóbka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378878" title="Kłóbka-Nowy Młyn">
Kłóbka-Nowy Młyn

Kłóbka-Nowy Młyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378880" title="Kłóbka-Podgórze">
Kłóbka-Podgórze

Kłóbka-Podgórze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378886" title="Chesters (Humshaugh)">
Chesters (Humshaugh)

Chesters is a 17th-century country mansion situated adjacent to Hadrian's Wall and the Roman fort of Cilurnum at Humshaugh, Northumberland, England. It is a Grade II* listed building. 
The house was built for John Errington of Walwick Grange in about 1771 with three storeys and four bays but was much improved and extended by architect Norman Shaw in 1891. The 1891 work included five two-storeyed three-bay wings and a stable block (also Grade II* listed).
The estate was acquired by Nathaniel Clayton (Town Clerk of Newcastle upon Tyne 1785-1822) in 1796. His son John Clayton who succeeded him as Town Clerk in 1822 was a keen antiquarian and excavated the ruins of the Roman fort Cilurnam adjacent to the house. He made a large collection of Roman artefacts, which is now displayed at Chesters Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18378888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378888" title="Kobyla Łąka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kobyla Łąka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kobyla Łąka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378893" title="Kołomia, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kołomia, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kołomia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378894" title="Kostulin">
Kostulin

Kostulin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378895" title="Kretkowo">
Kretkowo

Kretkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378902" title="Krzewie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Krzewie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Krzewie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378907" title="Krzewie Drugie">
Krzewie Drugie

Krzewie Drugie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378911" title="Duchy of Limburg (1839–67)">
Duchy of Limburg (1839–67)

The Duchy of Limburg was created and formed from the eastern part of the Province of Limburg as a result of the Treaty of London in 1839. De jure it was a separate polity in personal union with the Netherlands while at the same time a province of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Until 1866 it also was a Duchy of the German Confederation. This new "Duchy of Limburg" should not be confused with the old Duchy of Limburg, which ceased to exist in 1794.
Formation.
After the occupation by the French army in 1794, the old Habsburg Duchy of Limburg was disbanded and became part of the département of Meuse-Inférieure. Following the defeat of Napoleon in 1814, the former départements Meuse-Inférieure and Ourte were merged to form the Province of Limburg within the newly founded United Kingdom of the Netherlands, corresponding to the present states of Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands. That province covered an area much larger than and somewhat different from the former duchy, and Limburg's namesake town of Limbourg was located in the province of Liège.
In the Belgian Revolution of 1830 the Catholic, French and Dutch-speaking people of the former Southern Netherlands split away from the northern Netherlands. Except for the provincial capital of Maastricht and the town of Venlo, the province was almost entirely under Belgian rule. However, by the Treaty of London of 1839, the province was divided in two, with the eastern part going to the Netherlands and the western part to Belgium, a division that remains today.
With the Treaty of London, what is now the Belgian Province of Luxembourg was handed over to Belgium and removed from the German Confederation. To appease Prussia, which had also lost access to the Meuse after the Congress of Vienna, the Dutch province of Limburg was, while remaining at the same time a province of the Netherlands, made a member of the German Confederation between 5 September 1839 and 23 August 1866 as the Duchy of Limburg. During this period the duchy existed as a province of the Netherlands while at the same time being a separate polity in personal union with the Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
However, the cities of Maastricht and Venlo were excluded and remained outside the German Confederation, based on that the population figure should not exceed that of the Belgian province of Luxembourg, at 150,000.
Dissolution.
The Seven Week's War between Austria and Prussia in 1866 led to the collapse of the German Confederation. To clarify the position of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Duchy of Limburg that were possessions of the Dutch king, but which had also been member states of the confederation, the Second Treaty of London in 1867 affirmed that Limburg was an "integral parts of the Kingdom of the Netherlands". Limburg became an ordinary province of the Netherlands. Luxembourg joined the German customs union, the Zollverein, in which it would remain a member until 1 January 1919. 
The style ""Duchy of Limburg"" continued to be used in some official capacities until February 1907. Another idiosyncrasy that survives to this day is that the Province's "Royal Commissioner" is still informally addressed as "Governor" in Limburg, although he is formally styled as a Royal Commissioner, like those of the other Dutch provinces.

</doc>
<doc id="18378913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378913" title="Modlibórz">
Modlibórz

Modlibórz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378916" title="Morzyce, Włocławek County">
Morzyce, Włocławek County

Morzyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378918" title="Narty">
Narty

Narty may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18378920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378920" title="Narty, Włocławek County">
Narty, Włocławek County

Narty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378924" title="Narty-Piaski">
Narty-Piaski

Narty-Piaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378928" title="Nowa Wieś, Gmina Lubień Kujawski">
Nowa Wieś, Gmina Lubień Kujawski

Nowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378933" title="Nowe Czaple">
Nowe Czaple

Nowe Czaple may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18378935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378935" title="Nowe Czaple, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Nowe Czaple, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Nowe Czaple is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378937" title="Nowe Gagowy">
Nowe Gagowy

Nowe Gagowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378943" title="Rutkowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Rutkowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Rutkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378949" title="Rzegocin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Rzegocin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Rzegocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378950" title="Rzeżewo">
Rzeżewo

Rzeżewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378957" title="Siemiany, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Siemiany, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Siemiany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378963" title="Sławęcin, Gmina Lubień Kujawski">
Sławęcin, Gmina Lubień Kujawski

Sławęcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378966" title="Sławęckie Góry">
Sławęckie Góry

Sławęckie Góry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378971" title="Stare Gagowy">
Stare Gagowy

Stare Gagowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378975" title="Stępka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Stępka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Stępka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378976" title="Stróże, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Stróże, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Stróże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378980" title="Świerna">
Świerna

Świerna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378981" title="Szewo">
Szewo

Szewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lubień Kujawski, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378983" title="Uchodze">
Uchodze

Uchodze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378986" title="Lachuá Lake">
Lachuá Lake

Lachuá Lake is a Karstic lake in Guatemala. It is located in the middle of a national park covered with tropical rain forest, northwest of Cobán, near the border between the departments of Alta Verapaz and El Quiché. The lake is near circular in shape and is probably a cenote or doline. The lake water has a slightly sulphurous smell, which may explain the origin of its name: "Lachuá" is derived from the Q'eqchi' words ""la chu há"" which means "the fetid water". The water contains a relatively high degree of calcite and tree branches fallen into the lake are quickly covered with a white calcite layer. 
The Peyan river forms the principal water inflow and the Lachua river its main outflow. 
According to officials responsible for the protection of the park border, there have been incidents of intrusion by individuals and families as well as severe cases of illegal wood chopping since 2005. Those who have dared to protest this were often intimidated and threatened. The whole area around the park has been subject to heavy deforestation for the last decades.
National Park.
In 1976 an area of 145 km² around the lake () was designated a national park. Lachuá Lake and its buffer zone were also declared a Ramsar site in 2006. 
The park and adjacent buffer zone (known as "Eco-región Lachuá") is noted for its high biodiversity. With 120 species of mammals (50% of mammal species found in Guatemala), 30-40 species of reptiles, 177 bird species (40% of bird species in Guatemala), and 36 fish species it is a sanctuary for a varied fauna population. These include fish like the diadromous tarpon ("Megalops atlanticus"), an ample variety of biogegraphically endemic Cichlid species, reptiles like Morelet's Crocodile ("Crocodylus moreletii"), Orangebelly Swamp Snake ("Tretanorhinus nigroluteus"); and mammals, like the Jaguar ("Panthera onca"), Cougar ("Puma concolor"), Baird's tapir ("Tapirus bairdii"), the White-lipped Peccary ("Tayassu pecari"), Spotted Paca ("Agouti paca"), Red Brocket ("Mazama americana"), and Spix's Disk-winged Bat ("Thyroptera tricolor"), and various monkeys species including the endangered Guatemalan Black Howler ("Alouatta pigra"). 
Waterbirds found in the park include 
the Wood Stork ("Mycteria americana"),
Blue-winged Teal ("Anas discors"), 
Black-bellied Whistling Duck ("Dendrocygna autumnalis"), 
Muscovy Duck ("Cairina moschata"), 
Pied-billed Grebe ("Podilymbus podiceps"), 
Brown Pelican ("Pelecanus occidentalis"), 
Bare-throated Tiger-heron ("Tigrisoma mexicanum"), 
Snowy Egret ("Egretta thula"), 
Little Blue Heron ("Egretta caerulea"), 
Tricolored Heron ("Egretta tricolor"), 
Green Heron ("Butorides virescens"), 
Sungrebe ("Heliornis fulica"), 
Limpkin ("Aramus guarauna"), 
and Black-necked Stilt ("Himantopus mexicanus"),

</doc>
<doc id="18378988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378988" title="Walentowo, Włocławek County">
Walentowo, Włocławek County

Walentowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378992" title="Wąwał, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wąwał, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wąwał is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Lubień Kujawski, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378995" title="Wiktorowo, Gmina Lubień Kujawski">
Wiktorowo, Gmina Lubień Kujawski

Wiktorowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18378998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18378998" title="Wola Dziankowska">
Wola Dziankowska

Wola Dziankowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379000" title="Wola Olszowa">
Wola Olszowa

Wola Olszowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Lubień Kujawski, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379001" title="Wola Olszowa-Parcele">
Wola Olszowa-Parcele

Wola Olszowa-Parcele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Lubień Kujawski, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379004" title="Zakrzewo, Gmina Lubień Kujawski">
Zakrzewo, Gmina Lubień Kujawski

Zakrzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379018" title="Dąb Mały">
Dąb Mały

Dąb Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379022" title="Dąb Polski">
Dąb Polski

Dąb Polski () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379025" title="Dąb Wielki">
Dąb Wielki

Dąb Wielki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379027" title="Dębice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Dębice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Dębice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379029" title="Dobiegniewo">
Dobiegniewo

Dobiegniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379030" title="Dobra Wola">
Dobra Wola

Dobra Wola may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18379033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379033" title="Dobra Wola, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Dobra Wola, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Dobra Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379035" title="Gróbce">
Gróbce

Gróbce () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379037" title="Humlin">
Humlin

Humlin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379039" title="Jazy">
Jazy

Jazy may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18379040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379040" title="Jazy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jazy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jazy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379041" title="Islamic Charitable Society">
Islamic Charitable Society

The Islamic Charitable Society is a non-profit charitable organisation located in Hebron in the West Bank. The charity was founded in 1962 to take care of orphans and expanded through years. It is now responsible for two orphanages, three schools for boys and girls, dairy, sewing workshop, two bakeries, a large mall and a 30-apartment building.
According to a 2006 episode of the BBC's "series, the Islamic Charitable Society has received funding from Interpal and is associated with Hamas.Faith, hate and charity: Transcript</ref> Citing the Charity Commission for England and Wales and a draft report from the U.S. Treasury's Asset Freezing Working Group, it was alleged on that the Islamic Charitable Society has "a well-documented supporting role within the Hamas infrastructure" and that it had "funded and administered educational programmes that appear tantamount to incitement and indoctrination in support of violent Hamas activity."

</doc>
<doc id="18379044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379044" title="Józefowo, Gmina Włocławek">
Józefowo, Gmina Włocławek

Józefowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379045" title="Kolonia Dębice">
Kolonia Dębice

Kolonia Dębice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379047" title="Kosinowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kosinowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kosinowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379048" title="Koszanowo">
Koszanowo

Koszanowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18379049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379049" title="Koszanowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Koszanowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Koszanowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379051" title="Kruszyn, Włocławek County">
Kruszyn, Włocławek County

Kruszyn () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 530.

</doc>
<doc id="18379055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379055" title="Kruszynek, Włocławek County">
Kruszynek, Włocławek County

Kruszynek () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379057" title="Łączki">
Łączki

Łączki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18379058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379058" title="Łączki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Łączki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Łączki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379060" title="Ładne">
Ładne

Ładne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379061" title="Łagiewniki, Włocławek County">
Łagiewniki, Włocławek County

Łagiewniki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
Part of Łagiewniki was formerly known locally as "Nowy Jork" (Polish for New York), from a nickname given by the parish priest in the 1950s, perhaps due to its distance from the village centre or its perceived prosperity. This name came to be listed in the official records of place names, and was among the 365 names changed or delisted by the Polish Ministry of Internal Affairs with effect from 1 January 2010. The delisting of Nowy Jork attracted nationwide television and press coverage.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379063" title="Łuba Druga">
Łuba Druga

Łuba Druga is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379064" title="Bill Keato">
Bill Keato

William Keato was a retired Australian rugby league footballer who played in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership for the Western Suburbs Magpies from 1938 till 1950. A goal-kicking fullback he played over one hundred first grade games for the Magpies. 
Keato made his debut in 1938 without ever having played any junior league. Soon after, he gained attention for a tackle he made on Easts' international centre Dave Brown that left Brown sidelined with a broken collarbone. He has said that his "first playing bonus for the season was £13", £3 of which was spent on boots. He was known to take great care with his boots, referring to the left as his "tradesman," and the left as the "labourer's boot." He would sometimes change boots at half time and for certain games, such as the 1950 semi-final, he would bring 3 right boots to the match.
Roy Masters said of Keato, "A prodigious goalkicker, Keato booted what were called "flag waggers" from the sideline and halfway, often in the mud and against the wind, in the 1938-to-1950 era, when goals, rather than tries, decided games." He also said Keato, "won more matches for the Magpies than any other player."
He scored over 770 points to become Wests' all-time top point-scorer and goal-kicker. He was the Magpies highest scorer in seven seasons. He twice scored the most points in the League for a season, in 1949 (163 points) and 1950 (180 points, at the time a club record). In one game at the SCG he kicked 10 goals. His career totals might have been much higher had it not been for a period serving in the Australian Army. He played just four games from 1943 to 1945. His younger brother Alan also played for Wests and later died in World War II.
Keato returned to Sydney in early 1946 after being released from the services. The next year he was forced to appeal against a decision that he should be playing for Parramatta as he lived in that area. He successfully argued that he would have played 100 games (players who had reached 100 games were allowed to play for any team, regardless of where they lived) if it were not for his service record. He played in the 1948 premiership-winning side, kicking a goal. The victory denied Balmain a third straight premiership. 
In his last game, the 1950 Grand Final, although heavily concussed, Keato kicked six goals. The Magpies still lost to Souths in a close match, watched by over 32,000 people at the Sydney Sports Ground.
Keato claimed the role of fullback changed during his career, saying, ""I was a fullback and all I had to do was catch and kick. But Clive decided it would be fun if fullbacks start running with the ball as well."
Following his retirement from playing Keato served as the club's secretary and treasurer, commencing as treasurer in 1951. His involvement with Wests lasted over four decades, and he later became the oldest living Magpies player, before he died in October 2012. He was a nominee for the Wests Tigers team of the century, and was made a life member of the Western Suburbs club.
Keato was inducted into the Western Suburbs Magpies Hall of Fame in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18379065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379065" title="Ludwinowo">
Ludwinowo

Ludwinowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18379068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379068" title="Ludwinowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Ludwinowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Ludwinowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379073" title="Markowo, Włocławek County">
Markowo, Włocławek County

Markowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379077" title="Modzerowo, Gmina Włocławek">
Modzerowo, Gmina Włocławek

Modzerowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379078" title="Mostki">
Mostki

Mostki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18379080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379080" title="Mostki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Mostki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Mostki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379081" title="Mursk">
Mursk

Mursk () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379084" title="Nowa Wieś, Gmina Włocławek">
Nowa Wieś, Gmina Włocławek

Nowa Wieś () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379087" title="Pińczata">
Pińczata

Pińczata is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 750.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379088" title="Fight Like Apes">
Fight Like Apes

Fight Like Apes (also referred to as FLApes or FLA) are an Irish alternative rock band formed in Dublin in 2006.
Their current members are Mary-Kate "MayKay" Geraghty (vocals and synth), Jamie "Pockets" Fox (keyboard and vocals), Conor Garry (bass), Lee Boylan (drums) and Frog Cullen (a half man, half frog being accidentally created by Mary in her secret underground lab, during one of her frequent attempts at creating the formula for the perfect latte! Known for his snappy dress sense and upbeat attitude, Frog Cullen assists the apes in their weekly attempts to solve mysteries around Ireland's most prestigious areas of folklore and wonderment. He also drives the Ape van, and often ends up inadvertently solving most mysteries by unmasking the culprit himself, much to Jamie's dismay. The band is also rumored to have adopted the following slogan in preparation for their each gig/concert "We are the apes, and the apes fight together!". Original members Adrian Mullan (drums) and Tom Ryan (bass) left the band in 2010. They are known for their elongated record titles, usually inspired by B movies. They have released two EPs, "How Am I Supposed to Kill You If You Have All the Guns?" and "David Carradine is a Bounty Hunter Whos Robotic Arm Hates Your Crotch" (both in 2007), and two albums, "Fight Like Apes and the Mystery of the Golden Medallion" (2008) and "The Body of Christ and the Legs of Tina Turner" (2010). In 2009, they released an EP for the American market titled "You Filled His Head with Fluffy Clouds and Jolly Ranchers, What Did You Think Was Going to Happen?".
Fight Like Apes have toured the UK with The Von Bondies, The Ting Tings, The Prodigy and Kasabian and have played several Irish and European festivals throughout their career. They have appeared on several television shows in Ireland, including "Tubridy Tonight", "WeTV", "The View", "Other Voices" and "The Cafe". They have also had some success in Asia, where they have been signed up by Sony Music Entertainment Japan for an album release on that continent in April 2009. The band have been nominated for five Meteor Music Awards, "Fight Like Apes and the Mystery of the Golden Medallion" was nominated for the Choice Music Prize and was named 31st best album of the decade by Phantom FM at the end of 2009. Fight Like Apes were named the fourth best Irish musical act of their generation by "The Irish Times" in 2009.
History.
Formation.
Fight Like Apes formed late 2006 when Mary-Kate Geraghty (known as "MayKay"), a former choir singer, and her friends, Jamie Fox (known as "Pockets"), Adrian Mullan and Tom Ryan, all of whom had experience in other bands, came together. MayKay and Pockets first met as teenagers on holiday in Spain where they realised they both went to nearby schools and shared the same "extremely optimistically cynical outlook on life". When MayKay told Pockets she loved singing he had her sign a contract on a piece of tissue in a bar. Pockets's parents were unhappy with their son's "disgusting" taste in music. He dropped out of his final year of study at Dublin City University and a potential career in journalism to pursue his musical career. MayKay had been studying medicinal chemistry, and later a philosophy course at Trinity College Dublin. They habitually met from early morning and spent their days eating together before deciding to form a band. Their chosen name was inspired by Caesar's battle cry of “Now fight like apes” in the what they describe as the "notoriously bad" "Battle for the Planet of the Apes".
Early EPs (2007).
Their debut EP, "How Am I Supposed to Kill You If You Have All the Guns?", Recorded by Lee Boylan and released by Irish indie label FIFA Records in early 2007, sold out and generated a significant amount of interest in the media and in the Irish blogging community in the process. In May 2007, Fight Like Apes won Phantom FM's Topman Unsigned Band Search; their prize was to be a support act of The Holloways at show in Dublin. Fight Like Apes played both Electric Picnic (their first major Irish festival) and Hard Working Class Heroes in 2007 and also performed at the CMJ Music Marathon in New York. They were also chosen to play the Futureshock stage at EXIT in Serbia after sending a demo of their songs to the organisers. On 13 October 2007, Fight Like Apes performed "Jake Summers" on television chat show, "Tubridy Tonight". The title of their second EP, "David Carradine is a Bounty Hunter Whos Robotic Arm Hates Your Crotch", released on 2 November 2007(produced by Lee Boylan), was inspired by the film "Future Force" starring David Carradine, which the band found on the internet. The EP's lead track, "Do You Karate?", was a minor hit on the Irish independent music scene. The band set off on their first UK tour after the EP's release and their "Jake Summers" single was released there through the label, Cool For Cats (sister of Fierce Panda). In February 2008, the band toured Ireland and the UK as a support act of The Von Bondies. Von Bondies member Jason Stollsteimer has described Fight Like Apes as “candy wrapped in barbed wire”. Fight Like Apes were invited to participate in the sixth series of RTÉ's annual "Other Voices" music show, performing on 19 March 2008. They also appeared on RTÉ Two's "WeTV" television show. Fight Like Apes performed at the South by Southwest festival in Austin, Texas in 2008. Upon their return from South by Southwest in March/April 2008, they went on a national tour of Ireland. Later that year, Fight Like Apes appeared at several music festivals in Ireland and the UK, including an appearance on the Futures Stage at T in the Park, and two appearances at the 2008 Glastonbury Festival, as well as Oxegen 2008 and Indie-pendence in Ireland. The single "Lend Me Your Face/Lightsabre Cock-sucking Blues" was released in the UK on 21–28 July 2008.
"Fight Like Apes and the Mystery of the Golden Medallion" (2008).
The band spent a month in Seattle, Washington, in early 2008, recording tracks for their debut album, produced by John Goodmanson. The album, titled "Fight Like Apes and the Mystery of the Golden Medallion", was released on 26 September 2008 on Model Citizen Records, selling continually well in Ireland and the UK. It was preceded by the release of the single "Something Global" on 11 July 2008. They played a sold-out launch show at Whelan's in Dublin, which was broadcast live on Phantom FM on the day of release. "The Irish Times" described the album as an "astonishing debut that encompasses melancholy and whimsy (both lyrically and musically)". The "Irish Independent", on the other hand, "strongly urge all not to waste their money" on "the woeful debut" of a band with "lots of blogger and media friends, all aurally challenged". RTÉ also gave the album a lukewarm response. MayKay has said she is unbothered by any criticism as long as the album is simply being reviewed. "Fight Like Apes and the Mystery of the Golden Medallion" reached the top five of the Irish Albums Chart, meaning the band became the first alternative act from Ireland to achieve this for several years, and "Jake Summers" and "Lend Me Your Face" became regularly played at indie clubs throughout Ireland.
They went on to support The Ting Tings on a sell-out UK tour, receiving kung fu lessons from their security guard Preston and a champagne bottle on the final night. They appeared on "The Cafe" on 16 October 2008. The Prodigy personally invited the band to support them on their sold-out arena tour of the UK; all of the members are fans of Fight Like Apes and Liam Howlett entered their dressing room to give his regards. Sony Music Entertainment Japan signed the band for the Asian release of "Fight Like Apes and the Mystery of the Golden Medallion". They headlined the Levi's One to Watch Tour in November 2008. In December 2008, a video of students of the Tisch School of the Arts in New York, featuring several females miming to "Digifuckers", was released.
Eurosonic, UK, US and Japan (2009).
Fight Like Apes represented Ireland in the Eurosonic Festival in Groningen, the Netherlands, in January 2009, This appearance led to the band qualifying for admission into the European Talent Exchange Programme, allowing the band to be booked for music festivals across Europe, including Glastonbury and T in the Park. "Fight Like Apes and the Mystery of the Golden Medallion" was released in the UK on 26 January 2009. The band played a studio session for Steve Lamacq of BBC Radio 1 around this time, with Maykay also encountering Jonathan Ross, a fan of the band who has played their music on his show. They released a video for a new single, "Tie Me Up with Jackets", later that month and performed the song on "The View" on 10 March 2009. Also In March 2009, came the release of the EP "You Filled His Head with Fluffy Clouds and Jolly Ranchers, What Did You Think Was Going to Happen?" for the US market as well as a return to South by Southwest.
"Fight Like Apes and the Mystery of the Golden Medallion" was released in Japan in April 2009, with Fight Like Apes filming a music video for the international release of their "Something Global" single in Whelan's, Dublin. On 3 April 2009, "The Irish Times" named Fight Like Apes the fourth best contemporary Irish musical act, above Lisa Hannigan and below Cathy Davey, Jape and David Holmes. The newspaper claimed that "Ireland has, quite simply, never seen a band like Fight Like Apes", reasoning that this was due to them "acting as a palette-cleansing antidote to the dour “woolly jumper brigade” that dragged Irish music into the depths of despair not a decade ago". They played at the 2009 Trinity Ball in May, an event likened to "a mini-Oxegen without the mud". The band's 2009 summer tour consisted of both domestic and European festival dates, and an appearance in Wales. Their performance at Festival Internacional de Benicàssim in Spain was cancelled due to a fire and extreme winds. Their performance at Oxegen 2009 was their second at the festival, with band members banging chairs during their performance and "The Irish Times" tipping them to appear on the Main Stage in 2010.
At the end of 2009, Fight Like Apes performed a show in The Academy inside a specially constructed wrestling ring. Their music is also being used to promote television series such as "Making the Band" and "Valemont" in the United States. A second album will be released in 2010. The first album was named 31st best album of the decade by Phantom FM at the end of 2009. They will appear at Electric Picnic 2010.
Second studio album, Adrian's departure (2010 - Present).
"The Body of Christ and the Legs of Tina Turner", the second album by Fight Like Apes, was released in Ireland on August 27, 2010, through Model Citizen Records. A further European release, as well as release dates for Japan and North America, are due to be announced soon. The first single was released as a download only in Ireland on August 20, 2010 with the lead single being "Hoo Ha Henry". The band began promoting the album in Ireland on July 30, with live performances in Meath, Cork, Galway and at Electric Picnic in County Laois. The band appeared on Beat 102 103 to promote their new album on August 8, 2010.
Adrian Mullan left the band in 2010 due to "creative differences".
On Friday September 3, 2010 their new album "The Body of Christ and the Legs of Tina Turner" entered the Irish charts at number 3. On 1 November, they announced an extension to their end-of-year national tour. In March 2011, they announced an Irish nationwide tour and released the single "Jenny Kelly". The band performed at The Trinity Ball 2011 with new bassist Conor Garry as Tom Ryan has gone back to college to study.
Third Album.
On April 9, 2013 Fight Like Apes launched its Fund It campaign to help facilitate the making of their third album. The band received €20,000 in donations to cover the cost of PR, album artwork, equipment, mastering among other things. Donations ranged from €10 which will get the donor a signed version of the album up to €5,000 where the donor would receive VIP tickets to regular gigs and festivals. The band aimed the receive all donations withing 34 days they were successful within a few days.
In the run-up to the launch of their new album due for release in early 2014, the band performed at two dates one in Dublin and another in Cork in December 2013. The band played a number of new tracks at both live venues. Fans who funded the new album will receive a special EP.
Style and influences.
BBC Radio 1's Steve Lamacq has described Fight Like Apes as a "great Misfit band" inhabiting "a lonely place out on the periphery of the indie rock world". At one show in June 2008, he witnessed them "thrash about on their guitars and keyboards and wotnot like it's some kind of pop exorcism" and saw them "rolling around the empty dancefloor playflighting ". Today FM presenter Alison Curtis has described them as "really talented... kind of rocky and metallic and their front girl is extremely watchable, almost going into Debbie Harry territory".
The band's influences include B movies, computer games, kung-fu and wrestling. "Do You Karate?", "a thumping bass driven flourish of a song", displays the band's "trademark twin-synth attack" and the Pixies-style "Canhead" has been described as "a concise ode to fish and chips". Musically they are fond of My Bloody Valentine, Mclusky and Tom Waits, Grand Pocket Orchestra, Adebisi Shank, Jape and Giveamanakick. They dislike guitars and have been known to perform with kitchen implements such as pots and pans when on stage; MayKay and Pockets even play keyboards with their heads. They purposefully construct lengthy record titles to "piss off" journalists and radio presenters and their self-defined "karate rock" genre was directed at the "NME" after the British magazine tried to place them in the same category as two other female-fronted bands.
Vocalist MayKay has been described as one of Ireland's "most mesmerising front women" in recent history, with her long black hair and banshee wail provoking male fans to confess simultaneous feelings of terror and attraction online. She is known to vociferate lyrics such as "you're like Kentucky Fried Chicken but without the taste" and "you're a fucking disappointment to the human race", taken from the song "Jake Summers", a song inspired by former teen idol of "California Dreams" fame. Pockets writes most of the band's songs, plays the keyboard and provides vocals for some of the band's songs. Adrian and Tom tend to remain in the background, choosing not to be photographed. The band have never written anything fictional and their lyrics have been described by Nadine O'Regan in "The Sunday Business Post" as "occasionally literally gynaecological in their detail and regularly relatively shocking in their honesty". MayKay and Pockets claim that most of their lyrics are shaped by one person who has broken each of their hearts. All of the band apart from the drummer are known for their consumption of alcohol, with MayKay even drinking wine during interviews and Pockets drinking Buckfast prior to performances.
Awards.
Choice Music Prize.
The band's's debut album, "Fight Like Apes and the Mystery of the Golden Medallion", was nominated for the Choice Music Prize in January 2009. The award was won by Jape for the album "Ritual" on 4 March 2009.
"The Body of Christ and the Legs of Tina Turner" was nominated for the Choice Music Prize in 2011.
Meteor Music Awards.
Fight Like Apes were nominated for two Meteor Awards in 2008, one for Best Irish Live Performance for their November 2007 show at Whelan's in Dublin and the other for Best Irish Band. In 2009, they were nominated for three Meteor Music Awards, for Best Irish Band, Best Irish Live Performance and Best Irish Album.
UK Festival Awards.
In September 2009, Fight Like Apes were nominated in the Best Breakthrough Artists category at the UK Festival Awards, competing against three British and one American acts—Florence and The Machine, Little Boots, Passion Pit and Friendly Fires.
IMTV Music Video Awards 2009.
"Something Global" won the award for Most Original Concept at the 2009 Irish Music Television Awards. The video was directed by Eoghan Kidney.

</doc>
<doc id="18379091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379091" title="Płaszczyzna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Płaszczyzna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Płaszczyzna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379093" title="Poddębice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Poddębice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Poddębice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379098" title="Potok, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Potok, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Potok is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379101" title="Przerytka">
Przerytka

Przerytka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379103" title="Przyruda">
Przyruda

Przyruda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379106" title="Radyszyn">
Radyszyn

Radyszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379111" title="Ruda, Włocławek County">
Ruda, Włocławek County

Ruda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379113" title="Skoki Duże">
Skoki Duże

Skoki Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379116" title="Skoki Małe">
Skoki Małe

Skoki Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379117" title="Smolarka">
Smolarka

Smolarka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379118" title="Smolarskie">
Smolarskie

Smolarskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379121" title="Smólnik, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Smólnik, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Smólnik () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379123" title="Smólsk">
Smólsk

Smólsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379124" title="Stasin">
Stasin

Stasin may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18379126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379126" title="Stasin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Stasin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Stasin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379129" title="International Festival of Ancient Greek Drama, Cyprus">
International Festival of Ancient Greek Drama, Cyprus

The International Festival of Ancient Greek Drama is a theatre festival that takes place every summer in Cyprus. It is organised by the Cyprus Centre of International Theatre Institute. It began in 1996 and is an annual event which attracts professional theatre companies from various parts of the world. It has hosted companies from Greece, Britain, USA, Germany, Russia, Romania, Sweden, Croatia, Bulgaria, Italy, Austria, Korea, Slovenia, China and Cyprus. This wide international participation in the Festival helps to bring out the universality of ancient Greek drama drama and underline its living presence in today’s world. The Festival is held in July and early August when Cyprus attracts visitors from all over the world. Thus with its performances it brings ancient Greek drama into contact with a multicultural audience. The performances take place at various venues around Cyprus including the ancient amphitheatre at Kourion, the Paphos Ancient Odeon and the Makarios III Amphitheatre in Nicosia.
16th International Festival of Ancient Greek Drama 2012 participants
15th International Festival of Ancient Greek Drama 2011 participants
14th International Festival of Ancient Greek Drama 2010 participants
13th International Festival of Ancient Greek Drama 2009 participants
12th International Festival of Ancient Greek Drama 2008 participants

</doc>
<doc id="18379131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379131" title="Świętosław, Włocławek County">
Świętosław, Włocławek County

Świętosław () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379134" title="Sykuła">
Sykuła

Sykuła is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379136" title="Telążna Leśna">
Telążna Leśna

Telążna Leśna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379138" title="Telążna Stara">
Telążna Stara

Telążna Stara is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379140" title="Warząchewka Królewska">
Warząchewka Królewska

Warząchewka Królewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379141" title="Warząchewka Nowa">
Warząchewka Nowa

Warząchewka Nowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379144" title="Warząchewka Polska">
Warząchewka Polska

Warząchewka Polska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379146" title="Widoń">
Widoń

Widoń () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379149" title="Wikaryjskie">
Wikaryjskie

Wikaryjskie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379151" title="Wistka Królewska">
Wistka Królewska

Wistka Królewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379152" title="Wistka Szlachecka">
Wistka Szlachecka

Wistka Szlachecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379155" title="Wójtowskie">
Wójtowskie

Wójtowskie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379157" title="Zuzałka">
Zuzałka

Zuzałka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379159" title="Mike Spracklen">
Mike Spracklen

Mike Spracklen (born 15 September 1937) is an international rowing coach who has led teams from Great Britain, USA, Canada to success at the Olympic games and Rowing World Championships, including the early Olympic successes of Steven Redgrave. In 2002 he was named the International Rowing Federation coach of the year.
Spracklen was also part of the coaching team that brought Oxford University success in the annual Oxford/Cambridge Boat Race in the 1980s and early 1990s.
Mike's youngest son Adrian is a former British international lightweight oarsman and now coaches rowing at Mercyhurst College, Pennsylvania.
Life and career.
Spracklen was born in Marlow, Buckinghamshire, England. Spracklen's first major success was in coaching the Great Britain double scull to silver in the Montreal Olympic Games 1976. In 1984 he coached the coxed four to victory at the Los Angeles Olympics It was the first gold since 1948. From that crew he took Steve Redgrave and Andy Holmes to a further Olympic gold in the coxless pair (and bronze in the coxed pair) in Seoul in 1988, before moving to Canada as head coach in 1989 and becoming a full-time professional coach. 
The Canadian men's eight took gold at the 1992 Olympics under his tutelage, and Spracklen moved on to coach the USA squad. He inaugurated the rowing venue at the new Chula Vista Olympic Training Center. After a disappointing finishing position of fifth in the 1996 Atlanta Olympic eights, he returned to Great Britain as the Women's national coach.
In 1998 the British women achieved their first Gold at a World Championship, in the double sculls. After the 2000 Olympics, where the British women took silver in the quad sculls, the first Olympic medal for British women, Spracklen's contract was not renewed, with the BBC reporting discontent in the squad over his methods. The silver medal in the women's quad launched a successful four-Olympic medal career for Katherine Grainger.
Since 2000 Spracklen has been coaching the Canadian men's squad, winning the Gold medal for eights at the 2002, 2003 and 2007 World Championships and at the 2008 Olympics.
After leading Canada's men's eight to a gold medal in Beijing in 2008 and a silver at the 2012 London Olympics, Rowing Canada announced in the fall of 2012 that it was moving forward without Spracklen on its coaching team.
Coaching style.
Spracklen's coaching revolves around finding a balance between the factors that affect the speed of the boat: Power (the effort per stroke), Length of Stroke, Rate (number of strokes taken each minute) and Technique.

</doc>
<doc id="18379165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379165" title="Mrs Bracegirdle's Woodlyn Park Adventure">
Mrs Bracegirdle's Woodlyn Park Adventure

Mrs. Bracegirdle's Woodlyn Park Adventure is a comedic documentary about a motel park in Waitomo, New Zealand, rated by Lonely Planet as one of the top ten most unusual accommodations in the world. Of the various lodgings visitors can choose, there is a 1950s rail car, a rare patrol boat from World War II, a Bristol Freighter and The Shire from The Lord of the Rings.
The film was birthed out of a request by Lori Dungey for Campbell Cooley to make a film for her to give to fans at a German Lord of the Rings convention she would be attending in 2007. Campbell agreed to do it with the understanding that the film have a Broadway theatre-style, musical number. He directed the film in a quirky style to reflect the character of the park and its creator, Billy Black (also known as 'Barry Woods').
The film was only submitted to the Magma Short Film Festival in Rotorua, New Zealand in 2007 where it won Runner-up to the Grand Prize (awarded to 'Run').
A sequel (Mrs Bracegirdle's Journey to Sanctuary) was completed in September 2008.
A third film (Mrs Bracegirdles Adventures in Therapy) is currently being made and expected to be completed in September 2009.
Current characters.
http://www.magmafilm.org.nz/
http://www.woodlynpark.co.nz/

</doc>
<doc id="18379170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379170" title="Bekanówka">
Bekanówka

Bekanówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379173" title="Białożewin">
Białożewin

Białożewin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379176" title="Bożejewice">
Bożejewice

Bożejewice may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18379178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379178" title="Turban effect">
Turban effect

The turban effect is a term coined in a paper published in the "Journal of Experimental Social Psychology", whose lead author is Christian Unkelbach. The paper reports on a study in which Australian participants played a video game involving shooting armed characters and refraining from shooting unarmed characters under time pressure. Researchers found that participants were more likely to shoot at individuals wearing turbans or hijabs than those without Muslim attire. Moreover, participants seemed unaware that they had this proclivity.
Interpretation.
The authors contend their study provides evidence of Islamophobia, and blame the media for negative portrayals of Muslims. They made no reference to previous military studies which showed the same effect on individuals wearing hoods or helmets, explained as dehumanization.
An opinion piece in "The Guardian" by Jonathan Birdwell considered the alternative explanation "that the 'turban effect' does not reveal a deep-seated (and recently revived) prejudice, but rather our instinctual disposition towards inductive reasoning – that is, making predictions about the future on the basis of past experience."

</doc>
<doc id="18379179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379179" title="Bożejewice, Żnin County">
Bożejewice, Żnin County

Bożejewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 185.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379181" title="Bożejewiczki">
Bożejewiczki

Bożejewiczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379182" title="Brzyskorzystew">
Brzyskorzystew

Brzyskorzystew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379184" title="Brzyskorzystewko">
Brzyskorzystewko

Brzyskorzystewko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 790 (in 2006).
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379187" title="Cerekwica, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Cerekwica, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Cerekwica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 900.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379188" title="Yasuo Saitō (diplomat)">
Yasuo Saitō (diplomat)


</doc>
<doc id="18379191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379191" title="Chomiąża Księża">
Chomiąża Księża

Chomiąża Księża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Żnin and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379194" title="Chomiąża Księża-Leśniczówka">
Chomiąża Księża-Leśniczówka

Chomiąża Księża-Leśniczówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379195" title="Daronice">
Daronice

Daronice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379198" title="Dobrylewo">
Dobrylewo

Dobrylewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379199" title="Detrended correspondence analysis">
Detrended correspondence analysis

Detrended correspondence analysis (DCA) is a multivariate statistical technique widely used by ecologists to find the main factors or gradients in large, species-rich but usually sparse data matrices that typify ecological community data. For example, Hill and Gauch (1980, p. 55) analyse the data of a vegetation survey of southeast England including 876 species in 3270 relevés. After eliminating outliers, DCA is able to identify two main axes: The first axis goes from dry to wet conditions, and the second axis from woodland to weed communities. 
History of DCA.
It was created in 1979 by Mark Hill of the United Kingdom's Institute for Terrestrial Ecology (now 
merged into Centre for Ecology and Hydrology) and implemented in FORTRAN code package called DECORANA (Detrended Correspondence Analysis), a correspondence analysis method. DCA is sometimes erroneously referred to as DECORANA; however, DCA is the underlying algorithm, while DECORANA is a tool for implementing it.
The problems solved by DCA.
According to Hill and Gauch (1980), DCA is used to suppress two artifacts inherent in most other multivariate analyses when applied to gradient data. An example is a time-series of plant species colonising a new habitat; early successional species are replaced by mid-successional species, then by late successional ones (see example below). When such data are analysed by a standard ordination such as a correspondence analysis 
Outside ecology, the same artifacts occur when gradient data are analysed (e.g. soil properties along a transect running between 2 different geologies, or behavioural data over the lifespan of an individual) because the curved projection is an accurate representation of the shape of the data in multivariate space.
Ter Braak and Prentice (1987, p. 121) cite a simulation study analysing two-dimensional species packing models resulting in a better performance of DCA compared to CA.
How DCA solves the problems.
DCA is an iterative algorithm that has shown itself to be a highly reliable and useful tool for data exploration and summary in community ecology (Shaw 2003). It starts by running a standard ordination (CA or reciprocal averaging) on the data, to produce the initial horse-shoe curve in which the 1st ordination axis distorts into the 2nd axis. It then divides the first axis into segments (default = 26), and rescales each segment to have mean value of zero on the 2nd axis - this effectively squashes the curve flat. It also rescales the axis so that the ends are no longer compressed relative to the middle, so that 1 DCA unit approximates to the same rate of turnover all the way through the data: the rule of thumb is that 4 DCA units mean that there has been a total turnover in the community.
Ter Braak and Prentice (1987, p.122) warn against the non-linear rescaling of the axes due to robustness issues and recommend using detrending-by-polynomials only.
The drawbacks of DCA.
No significance tests are available with DCA, although there is a constrained (canonical) version called DCCA in which the axes are forced by Multiple linear regression to correlate optimally with a linear combination of other (usually environmental) variables; this allows testing of a null model by Monte-Carlo permutation analysis.
Example.
The example shows an ideal data set: The species data is in rows, samples in columns. For each sample along the gradient a new species is introduced but another species is no longer present. The result is a sparse matrix, ones indicate the presence of a species in a sample. Except at the edges each sample contains five species. 
The plot of the first two axes of the correspondence analysis result on the right hand side clearly shows the disadvantages of this procedure: the edge effect, i.e. the points are clustered at the edges of the first axis and the arch effect.

</doc>
<doc id="18379200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379200" title="Dochanowo">
Dochanowo

Dochanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379205" title="Gorzyce, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gorzyce, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gorzyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379208" title="Jadowniki Bielskie">
Jadowniki Bielskie

Jadowniki Bielskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Żnin and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379211" title="Jadowniki Rycerskie">
Jadowniki Rycerskie

Jadowniki Rycerskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Żnin and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379217" title="Januszkowo, Żnin County">
Januszkowo, Żnin County

Januszkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379218" title="Jaroszewo">
Jaroszewo

Jaroszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379220" title="Kaczkówko">
Kaczkówko

Kaczkówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379221" title="Toftwood">
Toftwood

Toftwood is a locality within the town of Dereham, in the county of Norfolk in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="18379224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379224" title="Kaczkowo, Żnin County">
Kaczkowo, Żnin County

Kaczkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379225" title="Kępa, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kępa, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kępa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379226" title="Kierzkowo">
Kierzkowo

Kierzkowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18379228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379228" title="Kierzkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kierzkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kierzkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Żnin and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379229" title="Murczyn">
Murczyn

Murczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379231" title="Murczynek">
Murczynek

Murczynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379234" title="Nadborowo">
Nadborowo

Nadborowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379238" title="Nowiny, Żnin County">
Nowiny, Żnin County

Nowiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379239" title="Nowiny-Leśniczówka">
Nowiny-Leśniczówka

Nowiny-Leśniczówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379241" title="Obrona Leśna">
Obrona Leśna

Obrona Leśna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379242" title="The Residency">
The Residency

The Residency is the usual name of the official residence of a Resident, Resident Commissioner or Resident Councillor in the British Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="18379246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379246" title="Paryż, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Paryż, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Paryż is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379250" title="Podgórzyn, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Podgórzyn, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Podgórzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379251" title="Podobowice">
Podobowice

Podobowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379254" title="Probostwo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Probostwo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Probostwo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379257" title="Redczyce">
Redczyce

Redczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379259" title="Rydlewo">
Rydlewo

Rydlewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379264" title="Sarbinowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Sarbinowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Sarbinowo is a village in north-central Poland, located in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship. It lies approximately west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 540.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379268" title="Sielec, Żnin County">
Sielec, Żnin County

Sielec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379269" title="Skarbienice">
Skarbienice

Skarbienice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379274" title="Słabomierz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Słabomierz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Słabomierz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379278" title="Sławoszewo">
Sławoszewo

Sławoszewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18379279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379279" title="Sławoszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Sławoszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Sławoszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379284" title="Słębowo">
Słębowo

Słębowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379286" title="Sobiejuchy">
Sobiejuchy

Sobiejuchy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379288" title="VESD">
VESD

VESD is an acronym that could mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18379289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379289" title="Sulinowo">
Sulinowo

Sulinowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379290" title="Valdemar Adolph Thisted">
Valdemar Adolph Thisted

Valdemar Adolph Thisted (28 February 1815 – 14 October 1887) was a Danish writer, translator and priest. His works include novels, travelogues, romantic dramas and theological polemics. The writings published during his time as a pastor caused a stir because of their critical views on contemporary church issues. He is best known among English readers for his novel Letters from Hell.
Life and works.
Valdemar Adolph Thisted was the son of Jorgen Thisted (1795–1855), Lieutenant and later vicar of Gyrstinge and Flinterup, and Marie Elmquist (1790–1829). He was born in Aarhus. After his mother’s early death, when he was twelve years old, he moved to the home of his uncle, the War Commissioner of Elmquist in Aarhus, and attended the town's grammar school. 
Before he began his theological studies in Copenhagen, he was for a time tutor in a manor house. Upon graduation in 1840, he set up a boys’ school in Skanderborg and in 1846 a secondary school. He later became an assistant professor in a secondary school in Aarhus, resigning in 1853. In 1855 he began ministering in northern Schleswig. After suffering a nervous weakness, and a fall that required him to use crutches, he resigned in 1870 and moved to Copenhagen.
Thisted was married twice. His first marriage was to Henriette Hansen (1815–1904), a sister of the painter Constantin Hansen, and was dissolved. His second marriage was to Elisha Rasmussen (1830–1901), who became completely paralyzed for 30 years.
Thisted made his literary debut with the novel "Vandring i Syden" ("Wandering in the South"), published in 1843. The following year he began the first of his travels to Southern Europe. His subsequent works included "Havfruen" ("Little Mermaid", 1846), "Tabt og funden" ("Lost and Won", 1849), "Episoder fra et Reiseliv" ("Episodes from a Reiseliv",1850) and "Romerske Mosaiker" ("Roman Mosaics", 1851), the fruits of a journey to Italy; the novel "Sirenernes Ö" ("Siren's Island", 1853); the romantic dramas "Hittebarnet" ("Abandoned Child",1854), "Neapolitaniske Aquareller" (1853) and "Hjemme og paa Vandring" ("Home and on Hiking", 1854); novelistic travel studies "Örkenens Hjerte" ("Örkenens Heart", 1849), "Bruden" ("Bride,"1851) and the novel "Familieskatten" ("Family Tax", 1856). 
He published a volume of poems with religious and patriotic sentiments in 1862.
His novel "Breve fra Helvede" ("Briefe aus der Hölle"), published in Copenhagen in 1866, excited considerable attention and was translated into several languages. The sensuality that coloured his previous works has a stronger suit in these Letters and certainly contributed to their success. It is his only work to have been translated into English, although a number of his works were translated into German. 
Worried by the offence caused by the book, Thisted made a kind of penance in "Høgholt" (1868), some colorless, religious parables. "Høgholt" was Thisted's last work. A nerve weakness compelled him to give up both office and authorship. He moved 1870 to Frederiksberg, where he spent his seventeen years' retirement plagued by illness and bitterness at the absence of the recognition he thought he deserved. He was buried in Haderslev.
At its best, his work is characterised by a vivid descriptive power and rich fantasy but also suffers from monotony and prolixity. Thisted also wrote under the pseudonyms Emanuel St. Hermidad, Herodion and M.Rowel.

</doc>
<doc id="18379292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379292" title="31st Indian Armoured Division">
31st Indian Armoured Division

The 31st Indian Armoured Division was an armoured formation of the Indian Army during World War II, formed in 1940, as 1st Indian Armoured Division; it consisted of units of the British Army and the British Indian Army. When it was raised it consisted of two Armoured Brigades (1st and 2nd Indian Armoured Brigades) and one Motor Brigade (3rd Indian Motor Brigade).
History.
At the end of 1941, by which time 1st Indian Support Group had joined the division, it was renamed 31st Indian Armoured Division and its brigades redesignated as the 251st and 252nd Indian Armoured Brigades and 31st Indian Support Group (the Motor Brigade's name remained unchanged).
In mid-1942, by which time the support group had been disbanded, the 251st brigade was detached and the rest of the division was shipped to join the British Tenth Army and served in Iraq, Syria and Lebanon. The division never saw combat although the motor brigade was detached to Egypt and saw heavy action in the Western Desert Campaign during 1942 and again in 1944 and 1945 when, reformed as the 43rd Indian Infantry Brigade (Lorried) it was sent to the Italian Campaign as an independent brigade. The closest the rest of the division came to combat was in April 1944 when it was rushed to Egypt to crush a mutiny among the Greek 1st Infantry Brigade. 
The Tank Regiments received M4 Shermans in November 1943, thought to be in preparation for a transfer to Italy which never came about, and only drove them in Iraq, Syria and Egypt. 
The Division is now active as part of the present-day Indian Army, headquartered at Jhansi as part of XXI Corps.
Formation 1942.
Commander: Major General Robert Harley Wordsworth<br>
Commander Royal Artillery: Brigadier C.P.B. Wilson

</doc>
<doc id="18379294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379294" title="Świerczewo">
Świerczewo

Świerczewo may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18379297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379297" title="Świerczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Świerczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Świerczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379300" title="Uścikowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Uścikowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Uścikowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379302" title="Wingerworth Hall">
Wingerworth Hall

Wingerworth Hall, demolished 1927, was the ancestral home of the Hunloke family in the village of Wingerworth, Derbyshire, England. It was built on an elevated site and completed in 1724 by an unknown architect. The house was in the rare style of understated Baroque peculiar to England. The rectangular building was on three floors raised above a semi-basement, thus causing to the principal rooms to be on a piano nobile reached from a broad straight external staircase.
The principal façade was of three bays with the central entrance bay projecting. The ornament was chaste, alleviated by only by the architrave of the central entrance which supported a broken pediment, quoining at the extremities of the building and massive key stones above each window. The roof was hidden by a balustrade decorated by urns alternating with stone spheres.
This format of design was typical of the rare late English Baroque, and can be seen in a less sophisticated form at Sherborne House in Dorset and in its full fruition at Chatsworth and Easton Neston. The interior of Wingerworth was arranged around a central double height hall described as "a model of English Baroque" 
By the end of the 19th century the Hunloke's fortune was severely depleted and the house was let to tenants. In 1920 it was offered for sale. Failing to find a purchaser wishing to reside in the house, the Hunloke family sold it to a demolition contractor, and its interiors were stripped and sold. One of the rooms was displayed in the Saint Louis Art Museum, Missouri. The room was removed when the galleries were renovated in the mid-1980s.
The two servants' buildings remain as private dwellings.

</doc>
<doc id="18379303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379303" title="Ustaszewo">
Ustaszewo

Ustaszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379306" title="Wawrzynki">
Wawrzynki

Wawrzynki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379308" title="Nepal Indigenous Nationalities Students' Federation">
Nepal Indigenous Nationalities Students' Federation

Nepal Indigenous Nationalities Students' Federation () is a janajati students movement in Nepal, linked to the Nepal Federation of Indigenous Nationalities.
The second national convention of NINSF was held in January 2006. As of 2010, Nabin Wanem Limbu was the chairman of NINSF. As of 2011 Dozang Sherpa served as the vice chairman of the organization, Arjun Yakkha as its secretary and Dekendra Rai as its treasurer.

</doc>
<doc id="18379309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379309" title="Absence Makes the Heart Grow Fungus">
Absence Makes the Heart Grow Fungus

Absence Makes the Heart Grow Fungus is an instrumental record by Omar Rodríguez-López released by Infrasonic Sound. It is one of four solo albums completed in 2001 by Omar Rodríguez-López during the interim period following the demise of At the Drive-In and the formation of The Mars Volta. Absence was tracked at Doug Messenger's North Hollywood studio only a few weeks after Rodriguez-Lopez recorded A Manual Dexterity Soundtrack, Vol. 1 there, and is comparable to that project in both sound and atmosphere. The album features tracks that were "originally intended for use by The Mars Volta." No personnel credits are listed in the insert for either the LP or CD, though it features a photograph of Jeremy Michael Ward never seen prior to this release.
The song "Hands Tied to the Roots of a Hemorrhage" is the foundation of what would become "Eriatarka" on The Mars Volta's first full-length, De-loused in the Comatorium.
Also, the song "Teflon" from TMV's 2009 album Octahedron includes parts worked from the song "A Story Teeth Rotted For".

</doc>
<doc id="18379311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379311" title="Wilczkowo">
Wilczkowo

Wilczkowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18379316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379316" title="Wilczkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wilczkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wilczkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żnin and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379321" title="Wójcin, Żnin County">
Wójcin, Żnin County

Wójcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379323" title="Żnin-Wieś">
Żnin-Wieś

Żnin-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379337" title="Aleksandrowo, Żnin County">
Aleksandrowo, Żnin County

Aleksandrowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379338" title="Augustowo, Żnin County">
Augustowo, Żnin County

Augustowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 112.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379341" title="Barcin-Wieś">
Barcin-Wieś

Barcin-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 392.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379343" title="Bielawy, Gmina Barcin">
Bielawy, Gmina Barcin

Bielawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379345" title="Dąbrówka Barcińska">
Dąbrówka Barcińska

Dąbrówka Barcińska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379348" title="Gulczewo">
Gulczewo

Gulczewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18379349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379349" title="Gulczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gulczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gulczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 101.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379352" title="Józefinka">
Józefinka

Józefinka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 155.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379353" title="Julianowo">
Julianowo

Julianowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18379357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379357" title="Julianowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Julianowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Julianowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 169.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379359" title="Kania">
Kania

Kania may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18379360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379360" title="1961 Eastern Suburbs season">
1961 Eastern Suburbs season

Eastern Suburbs (now known as the Sydney Roosters) competed in their 54th New South Wales Rugby League season in 1961 finishing the season in 5th position.
Details.
The Eastern Suburbs line-up for the 1961 season was:
• John Andrew
• Ken Ashcroft
• Boyce Beeton
• P. Dickenson
• Terry Fearnley
• Don Fenton
• Peter Gallagher
• Jack Gibson
• Ron Hanson
• Ron Keyes
1961 Premiership Results.
Eastern Suburbs 25 defeated South Sydney 11(W. Stokes Try; R. Taylor 4 Goals) played at the Sydney Cricket Ground
Eastern Suburbs 34 defeated North Sydney 21(M. Maher, P. Cuneo, Irvine Tries; Carlson 6 Goals) played at the Sydney Sports Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="18379361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379361" title="Kania, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kania, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kania is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 246.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379365" title="Knieja, Żnin County">
Knieja, Żnin County

Knieja is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 158.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379368" title="Krotoszyn (disambiguation)">
Krotoszyn (disambiguation)

Krotoszyn may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18379372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379372" title="Krotoszyn, Żnin County">
Krotoszyn, Żnin County

Krotoszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 527.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379375" title="Mamlicz">
Mamlicz

Mamlicz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379376" title="Młodocin">
Młodocin

Młodocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379378" title="Pturek">
Pturek

Pturek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379379" title="Sadłogoszcz">
Sadłogoszcz

Sadłogoszcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379380" title="Szeroki Kamień">
Szeroki Kamień

Szeroki Kamień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379382" title="Wapienno">
Wapienno

Wapienno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379384" title="Wolice">
Wolice

Wolice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379386" title="Zalesie Barcińskie">
Zalesie Barcińskie

Zalesie Barcińskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 99.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379387" title="Złotowo">
Złotowo

Złotowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18379389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379389" title="Złotowo, Żnin County">
Złotowo, Żnin County

Złotowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Barcin, east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379390" title="Tong Castle">
Tong Castle

Tong Castle was a very large mostly Gothic country house in Shropshire, set within a park landscaped by Capability Brown, on the site of a medieval castle of the same name.
The original castle was built in the 12th century. During the Civil War it was defended for the King by William Careless, and afterwards by George Mainwaring. The original structure was demolished in 1765 after the estate had been purchased by George Durant who built the house illustrated.
The building has been described both as an "architectural mongrel" and more flatteringly as "the first real gothic building in Shropshire". While at first glance there appear some anomalies of design, such as the ogee domes which though Gothic in shape are more redolent of the English Renaissance style, the house was actually in the Strawberry Hill Gothic style popularized by Horace Walpole.
Walpole's Gothic house at Strawberry Hill was begun in 1749, expanded in 1760, and completed in 1776. Thus the comparatively early date of 1765 for Tong Castle to be erected in this fairly rare style would today have made Tong of the highest architectural grading class. The crenellated towers and pediments coupled with the paned, rather than traditional Gothic leaded, windows crowned by Ogee curves are typical of this style, as too are the generous bay windows with circular windows and cruciform motifs in the upper levels. The later 19th-century Gothic tended to be more ecclesiastical and sombre in mood, with dark rooms lit by lancet windows while the earlier Gothic had larger windows and a "joie de vivre" of design not found in later versions of the style.
The house passed from the Durant family in 1854 to the Earl of Bradford. The Earl had no wish to live at Tong but expanded his estate in the area and let the house. In 1911 the house was damaged by fire and remained unrestored and increasingly structurally unstable until demolished in 1954 and the site is currently part of the route of the M54 motorway.

</doc>
<doc id="18379391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379391" title="1937–38 League of Norway">
1937–38 League of Norway

Statistics of League of Norway in season 1937/1938.

</doc>
<doc id="18379398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379398" title="Annowo, Gmina Gąsawa">
Annowo, Gmina Gąsawa

Annowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379400" title="Bełki">
Bełki

Bełki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Gąsawa, south-east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379402" title="Biskupin, Żnin County">
Biskupin, Żnin County

Biskupin () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Gąsawa, south of Żnin, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379404" title="Chomiąża Szlachecka">
Chomiąża Szlachecka

Chomiąża Szlachecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gąsawa, south-east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379410" title="Drewno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Drewno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Drewno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Gąsawa, south-east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379412" title="Głowy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Głowy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Głowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Gąsawa, south-east of Żnin, and south of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379413" title="Godawy">
Godawy

Godawy () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gąsawa, south-east of Żnin, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379415" title="Gogółkowo">
Gogółkowo

Gogółkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Gąsawa, south of Żnin, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18379416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18379416" title="The Black Box Revelation">
The Black Box Revelation

Black Box Revelation, previously named "The Black Box Revelation" and also known as the BBR, is a Belgian garage rock band. It was formed in 2005 by vocalist and guitarist Jan Paternoster and drummer Dries Van Dijck. The band achieved great reviews with their debut "Set Your Head On Fire" and second album "Silver Threats". In 2011, the band released their third album "My Perception", including two hit singles 'Rattle My Heart' and 'My Perception'.
Career.
Formation.
Jan Paternoster and Dries Van Dijck, two friends from Dilbeek, started playing together (with Jan's brother Tim Paternoster as vocalist and Christoph Marquez on second guitar) as “The Mighty Generators”, at the respective ages of 12 and 14 years old. It was during this period that the two of them started jamming together as well. These jam sessions would lay the foundation to their new group: Black Box Revelation.
In 2006 they arrived second, The Hickey Underworld took the first spot, in Belgium’s influential Humo's Rock Rally contest. The Mighty Generators made it to the quarter-finals.
The New York Times wrote: "Every so often they strip the music down to something slow and bluesy. But the Black Box Revelation isn't purely retro. They are just as happy with a drum-machine beat and a heap of overdubbed percussion, as long as the music makes its happy, trashy crash."
Combining Beatles-meets-Kinks British invasion pop with haunting melodies, pounding blues, thick ambience and driving beats, Black Box Revelation plot their foreign invasion.
In Europe they toured with dEUS, Ghinzu, General Fiasco, The Raveonettes, Eagles Of Death Metal, Iggy Pop and others. They played multiple times at festivals such as Rock Werchter, Pukkelpop, Pinkpop, Sziget Festival and Rock en Seine.
In June 2008, the Black Box Revelation started their first tour in the United States. They performed gigs in San Diego, West Hollywood and New York.
Since then they played a couple of times at SXSW and they toured through the United States in June 2011 with the Meat Puppets, played at Bonnaroo Music Festival, on tour with The Morning After Girls (Sept 19 - Oct 18, 2011) and on tour with Meat Puppets from November 6 to November 13, 2011.
Introducing the Black Box Revelation.
In 2007 the duo released their debut EP. The EP was supported by a videoclip for “Kill For Peace (And Peace Will Die)”. The Belgian press was unanimously enthusiastic and this resulted in lots of club-gigs. During the summer of 2007 the band played at the big open-air festivals Dour and Pukkelpop.
Set Your Head On Fire.
The Black Box Revelation started recording their album “Set Your Head On Fire” mid-2007. The album was produced by Triggerfinger drummer Mario Goossens, mixed in Los Angeles by Greg Gordon (who had previously worked with Wolfmother, Jet and Soulwax), and mastered in New York by Fred Kevorkian (Iggy Pop, U2, The White Stripes). Over 30,000 copies were downloaded in Belgium alone.
Their single “I Think I Like You” rapidly rose to the top of the radio charts. Peter Afterman and the Major League Baseball club Pittsburgh Pirates later bought the rights to "I Think I Like You".
"A rock party that seems unwilling to end. Like the 60s garage bands they were influenced by, Black Box Revelation know that sometimes rock is most effective when it is simple. With this philosophy in mind, the band keeps their riffs repeating and their lyrics from being over analytical. Black Box Revelation's debut seem strategically constructed while still retaining a reckless and raw sound." quote: Plug in Music.
Silver Threats.
In Feb 2010 they released their second album "Silver Threats", with the singles "High on a Wire", "Sleep While Moving", "Do I Know You" and "Love Licks". This album was also produced by Triggerfinger drummer Mario Goossens, mixed in Los Angeles by Greg Gordon (who had previously worked with, and mastered in New York by Fred Kevorkian.
Contact Music wrote, "There's scuzzy, full throttle blues romps sitting comfortably next to more quiet moments. Silver Threats is an album that sits just on the edge of chaos, providing a brilliant musical thrill ride, almost from start to finish."
"Silver Threats" ranked in February 2010 on #1 in the Flemish album charts Ultratop 50.
My Perception.
The single Lust or Love was released on 14 February 2011, whilst the band was working on their third album with Alain Johannes (Queens of the Stone Age) in Hollywood, LA.
Black Box Revelation released a new single on June 1, 2011 called, "Rattle My Heart". It's the lead single from their 3rd album, My Perception, which was released worldwide on September 30, 2011. They released 'My Perception' as follow up single.
Black Box Revelation is receiving support from its newly found American label Merovee Records, partially owned by talk show star David Letterman.
The band toured several months in the United States to promote their third album and played as opening act for different major acts such as Jane's Addiction and Liam Gallagher's Beady Eye. HardrockHaven's stated about the band: ""the black box revelation got the crowd on their feet and dancing with their growling, bluesy riffs and intense drums. Watching this duo play brings to mind, The White Stripes, The Black Keys and Middle Class Rut. Each song was a different adventure of sounds that took the listener into a world surrounded by nothing but tearing guitar and deep percussion, you could do nothing but listen and be impressed. This is a band whose star will continue to rise and the climb will be fun to watch"".
Equipment.
Jan Paternoster is known to play a Gibson CS-356 hollow-body electric guitar as well as a James Trussart Deluxe SteelCaster (a Fender Thinline Telecaster-style guitar with a hollow metal body) with an SH pickup configuration. He has also been seen using a Hofner electric guitar. He uses a Vox AC30 and Blackstar Amplification.
In 2011 on the US tour he played an early 60's Fender Stratocaster and a Gibson Flying V with Blackstar Amps.

</doc>
