<doc id="18347268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347268" title="Praise You In This Storm">
Praise You In This Storm

"Praise You In This Storm" is a song recorded by Christian rock band Casting Crowns, released by Beach Street and Reunion Records. Written by Mark Hall and Bernie Herms and produced by Mark A. Miller, it was released on January 28, 2006 as the second radio single from the band's 2005 album "Lifesong". Inspired by the band's experience with a girl, Erin Browning, who died of cancer, the song has the lyrical theme of maintaining faith through difficult circumstances. A power ballad, "Praise You In This Storm" incorporates a wall of sound dynamic into its alternative CCM and adult alternative sound.
"Praise You In This Storm" received positive reviews from music critics, who praised the song's sound and lyrical theme. It was nominated for two awards at the 38th GMA Dove Awards, winning the award for Pop/Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year. It peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Hot Christian Songs and Hot Christian AC charts and also topped the "Radio & Records" Christian AC and Soft AC/Inspirational charts. It has been certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), signifying sales of over 500,000 digital downloads in the United States.
Background and recording.
Lead vocalist Mark Hall says that "Praise You In This Storm" was inspired by the band's experience with a little girl, Erin Browning. The band made arrangements to meet Erin, who had performed a dance at her public school to one of the band's songs, and her family on Valentine's Day 2004 before one of their concerts. Right around the time the band connected with Erin and her family was when she was found to have cancer. Erin died on November 1, 2004. According to Hall, "Watching mother walk through this really showed me truth about my worship. Watching her walk through a real storm showed me that my worship was extremely situational". Hall began writing the song before Erin's death and told her about it, but was not able to complete it before she died.
"Praise You In This Storm" was written by Mark Hall and Bernie Herms. It was produced by Mark A. Miller, with recording and mixing done by Sam Hewitt at Zoo Studio in Franklin, Tennessee. Additional recording was done at Lifesong Studio in McDonough, Georgia. It was mastered by Richard Dodd and engineered by Dale Oliver and John Lewis Lee III. The strings on "Praise You In This Storm" were arranged by Bobby Huff and were recorded at Little Big Studio by Boeho Shin and Daewoo Kim.
Composition.
"Praise You In This Storm" is a song with a length of four minutes and fifty-seven seconds. According to the sheet music published by Musicnotes.com, it is set in common time in the key of G minor and has a tempo of 84 beats per minute. Mark Hall's vocal range in the song spans from the low note of B3 to the high note of E5. A power ballad, "Praise You In This Storm" is an alternative CCM and adult alternative song. It utilizes a wall of sound dynamic and its lyrical theme, "maintaining faith through difficult circumstances", has been compared to that of the biblical character Job.
Critical reception and accolades.
"Praise You In This Storm" received positive reviews from music critics following the release of "Lifesong". Russ Breimeier of "Christianity Today" said it is "it's vertical in focus and a typical-sounding power ballad, but it's not hard to imagine people latching on to its powerful Job-like expression of faith and hope.". John DiBiase of Jesus Freak Hideout praised it as "sonic" and called it a "passionate and emotional worship experience". Brian Mansfield of "USA Today" felt that the song's lyric "I was sure by now that You would have reached down and wiped our tears away/Stepped in and saved the day/But once again, I say 'Amen,' and it's still raining" would resonate with listeners.
"Praise You In This Storm" won the award for Pop/Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year at the 38th GMA Dove Awards; it was also nominated for Song of the Year at that same event. At the 39th GMA Dove Awards, "Praise You In This Storm" was nominated for Worship Song of the Year.
Release and chart performance.
"Praise You In This Storm" was included as the second track on Casting Crowns' album "Lifesong", which was released on August 30, 2005. It was later released as a single to Christian AC, Christian CHR, and Soft AC/Inspirational radio on January 28, 2006. It debuted at number twenty-five on the "Billboard" Hot Christian Songs chart for the chart week of February 18, 2006. It advanced to number nineteen in its second chart week and to number ten in its sixth week. It entered the top five in its eight chart week, moving to number three, and advanced to number two in its twelfth chart week. In its fifteenth chart week, "Praise You In This Storm" hit the number one position; it held that spot for a total of seven consecutive weeks. In total, "Praise You In This Storm" spent a total of forty weeks on the Hot Christian Songs chart. It also peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Hot Christian AC chart and the "Radio & Records" Christian AC and Soft AC/Inspirational charts. On the "Radio & Records" Christian CHR chart, "Praise You In This Storm" peaked at number three.
"Praise You In This Storm" ranked at number two on the 2006 year-end "Billboard" Hot Christian Songs and Hot Christian AC charts. It also ranked at number two on the 2006 year-end "Radio & Records" Christian AC and Soft AC/Inspirational charts and number five on the 2006 year-end "Radio & Records" Christian CHR chart. It ranked at number eleven on the 2000s decade-end Hot Christian AC chart and at number thirteen on the 2000s decade-end Hot Christian Songs chart. The song was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on September 26, 2011, signifying sales of over 500,000 digital downloads in the United States.
Live performances.
Since the release of "Lifesong", Casting Crowns has performed "Praise You In This Storm" in concert. At a concert on November 12, 2005 at Stabler Arena in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, Casting Crowns performed the song as the fifth one on their set list. The performed it at a concert on March 22, 2008 at Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena in Jacksonville, Florida and at a concert on February 3, 2010 at the Sprint Center in Kansas City, Missouri. On February 28, 2010 in Hershey, Pennsylvania, they performed it as the fourth-to-last song of the concert. Casting Crowns performed "Praise You In This Storm" in concert on February 16, 2012 at the Van Andel Arena in Grand Rapids, Michigan and on March 8, 2012 at the Freedom Hall in Johnson City, Tennessee.
Credits and personnel.
Credits lifted from the album liner notes of "Lifesong".

</doc>
<doc id="18347272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347272" title="SMS Kaiserin Elisabeth">
SMS Kaiserin Elisabeth

SMS "Kaiserin Elisabeth" was a "Kaiser Franz Joseph I"-class protected cruiser of the Austro-Hungarian Navy. Named in honor of the Empress Elisabeth, consort of Emperor Franz Josef, the cruiser was designed for overseas service and in fact was stationed in China at the outbreak of World War I in 1914.
Specifications.
Launched at the seearsenal (naval base) at Pola on 25 September 1890, "Kaiserin Elisabeth" was a steel-hulled vessel of 3,967 tons displacement. She measured in waterline length with a beam of and a mean draft of . The crew comprised 450 officers and men.
Propulsion.
Propulsion was provided by two sets of horizontal triple expansion engines with four cylindrical double-ended boilers. Designed performance was 6,400 horsepower for 18 knots and for ; on trials she in fact reached .
Armament.
Originally "Kaiserin Elisabeth" was armed with two 24 cm and six 15 cm guns, both types Model 1886. In 1905-06 she was reconstructed with two long-barreled 15 cm and six short-barreled 15 cm guns, both types Model 1901. Rounding out her armament were 16 4.7cm quick-firing guns, one machine gun and four torpedo tubes located above water, two on either beam.
Service.
Although "Kaiserin Elisabeth" burned enormous quantities of coal, in 1914 she could still steam at a very fair speed and was stationed in China. Upon the outbreak of the First World War, "Kaiserin Elisabeth" took part in the defense of the German naval base of Tsingtao, which was besieged by the Japanese on 25 August 1914. At Tsingtao with "Kaiserin Elisabeth" were the German light cruiser "Cormoran", gunboats "Iltis", "Jaguar", "Tiger" and "Luchs" and the torpedo boat "S90".
On 6 September 1914 the first air-sea battle in history took place when a Japanese Farman aircraft launched by the seaplane-carrier "Wakamiya" unsuccessfully attacked the "Kaiserin Elisabeth" with bombs
Early in the siege "Kaiserin Elisabeth" and "Jaguar" made a sortie against the Japanese. Later, "Kaiserin Elisabeth"'s 15 cm and 4.7 cm guns were removed and mounted ashore in 'Batterie Elisabeth'. As the siege progressed, the naval vessels trapped in the harbor were scuttled -- "Cormoran", "Iltis" and "Luchs" on 28 September, "S90" on 17 October and "Tiger" on 29 October. Finally, "Kaiserin Elisabeth" was scuttled on 2 November, followed by "Jaguar" on 7 November, the day the fortress surrendered to the Japanese.

</doc>
<doc id="18347285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347285" title="George E. Gauthier">
George E. Gauthier

George Etienne Gauthier, (December 31, 1911 – November 26, 1983) was a Canadian civil servant. He was born in Sorel-Tracy, Quebec and attended University of Montreal H.E.C. In 1968, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada for his contribution to Centennial Year, especially as Associate Commissioner on the Centennial Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="18347296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347296" title="Gabriel Mudaeus">
Gabriel Mudaeus

Gabriel Mudaeus (c. 1500, Brecht – 21 April 1560, Leuven), born Gabriël van der Muyden, was a Flemish jurist and humanist who revived the study of law in Belgium.
As a professor in the Faculty of Law at the University of Louvain, Mudaeus introduced the Erasmian method of research into a field that had been dominated exclusively by tradition; among his pupils were François Baudouin, Jacob Reyvaert (Raevardus), and Matthew Wesenbeck.

</doc>
<doc id="18347326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347326" title="Theatre of Burkina Faso">
Theatre of Burkina Faso

Theatre of Burkina Faso (formerly the Republic of Upper Volta) combines traditional Burkinabé performance with the colonial influences and post-colonial efforts to educate rural people to produce a distinctive national theatre. Traditional ritual ceremonies of the many ethnic groups in Burkina Faso have long involved dancing with masks. Western-style theatre became common during colonial times, heavily influenced by French theatre. With independence came a new style of theatre inspired by forum theatre aimed at educating and entertaining Burkina Faso's rural people.
Traditional theatre.
Prior to colonialism, the daily lives of each of Burkina Faso's different ethnic groups were infused with performative rituals. These rituals varied but often involved dance and the use of masks. For example, the Bwa and the Nuna people use tribal masks to represent the faces of spirits in dances on market days, at funerals and at initiation ceremonies, in order to better communicate with the protective spirits. The Dagari people, during funeral ceremonies, perform before the corpse, re-enacting important moments from his or her life. These practices, primarily of a religious nature, are gradually dying out but they still exert a significant influence on modern Burkinabè theatre.
Theatre under French rule.
French Upper Volta, a colony of French West Africa, was established on 1 March 1919. It became the Republic of Upper Volta in 1958, and gained independence from France in 1960. During colonial times, there was no real emergence of a national theatre, with Burkinabè troupes mingling with those of the rest of Francophone West Africa. In the 1930s and 1940s, Burkinabè students studied at the William Ponty Normal School in Dakar, Senegal, and were greatly influenced by contemporary Western theatre.
In the 1950s, following the appointment of Bernard Cornut-Gentil as High Commissioner of French West Africa, it was decided to develop cultural centres in the major cities of the federation, and to begin holding competitive drama festivals. In 1955 and 1957 the Banfora Cultural Centre Troupe gained notice for its performances in these West African drama competitions. Influenced by France, Western-style theatre became common in West Africa. Even the Christian church, previously reluctant to associate with theatre due to its animist roots, began to form troupes of its own to spread the liturgy.
Post-independence.
From 1971, the professional theatre of Burkina Faso emerged when the government created a Directorate of Culture to oversee the management of cultural affairs. They organised an annual cultural festival called the "semaines de la jeunesse" (or "youth week"). This festival was responsible for developing rural theatre in the country. Since 1983, the youth week has been replaced with the biennial National Culture Week of Burkina Faso which alternates with the FESPACO film festival.
The need to educate people in rural areas lead to the creation of "social theatre". In 1978, Prosper Kampaoré founded the Atelier-Théâtre Burkinabè (ATB), a theatre group made up of volunteer actors who use their performances to educate the people of Burkina Faso. The ATB was partly inspired by the forum theatre of Brazilian director Augusto Boal. In 1989, Burkina Faso hosted the Franco-Forum Theatre conference.
In the 1990s, the theatre industry benefited from the establishment of two educational institutions. In 1990, playwright Jean-Pierre Guingané founded the UNEDO (Union des ensembles dramatiques de Ouagadougou) stage school, for the training of stage actors. In 1999, Prosper Kampaoré opened a theatrical training centre for people developing theatre projects.

</doc>
<doc id="18347334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347334" title="2008–09 KNVB Cup">
2008–09 KNVB Cup

The KNVB Cup 2008–09 was the 91st season of the Dutch national football knockout tournament. The defending champions were Feyenoord. The competition started on August 30, 2008 and ended with sc Heerenveen winning the Final in Rotterdam on May 17, 2009.
Clubs.
Participating clubs in the 2008–09 KNVB Cup by province:
1Note: First numbers denote Rd1 winners; second numbers denote Rd2 entrants.
Results.
The first and second round draw was made on July 8, 2008 in Zeist, KNVB headquarters.
First Round.
The First Round featured 48 amateur teams: 35 Hoofdklasse clubs, 12 clubs from the 4th or lower levels and 2 reserve teams. 24 of the Hoofdklasse clubs qualified for the competition through their league performance during the previous season (top 4 of each Hoofdklasse), while the other half of the teams competing in the First Round secured their place through the 2007–08 KNVB District Cups. The matches were played on August 30 and 31, 2008.
Second Round.
The 24 winners from the First Round, together with 2 youth teams (winners of youth league and cup) and all clubs from both the Eredivisie and the Eerste Divisie qualified for the Second Round. The matches were played on September 23, 24 and 25, 2008.
Participants:
(A) denotes amateur club
Third Round.
The winners the Second Round matches progressed to the Third Round. The matches were played on November 11, 12 and 13, 2008.
Participants:
(A) denotes amateur club<br>1The match was played in Emmen.
Fourth Round.
The Fourth Round was played on January 20, 21 and 28, 2009.
(A) denotes amateur club<br>(1) denotes Eerste Divisie club

</doc>
<doc id="18347355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347355" title="Nursery Road (Baltimore Light Rail station)">
Nursery Road (Baltimore Light Rail station)

Nursery Road is a stop on the Baltimore Light Rail system, located in Pumphrey, Maryland. There are 37 free parking spaces and connections can be made to MTA Maryland's Route 17 bus from here.
Though officially located at 6825 Baltimore-Annapolis Boulevard (MD 648) the actual location of the Nursery Road stop is at the corner of Nursery Road and South Old Annapolis Road. Nursery Road is designated Maryland Route 168 west of Baltimore & Annapolis Boulevard, and a local street east of Route 648.

</doc>
<doc id="18347364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347364" title="Hagiwara Station">
Hagiwara Station

Hagiwara Station is the name of multiple train stations in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18347369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347369" title="National Security Network">
National Security Network

The National Security Network (NSN) is a non-profit foreign policy organization headquartered in Washington, D.C., United States, that focuses on international relations, global affairs and national security. Characterizing itself as "progressive," the NSN's mission statement asserts the group aims to "build a strong progressive national security and counter conservative spin."
Its founder, Rand Beers, was a Bush Administration counter-terrorism expert and is the former National Security Adviser to the John Kerry presidential campaign, 2004. Beers resigned from NSN in 2009 to serve as Counselor to Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano. Among other things, the National Security Network acts as a resource for media outlets, releasing frequent opinion papers on a wide variety of foreign policy issues and engaging in rapid responses to current events. It also hosts the liberal global affairs blog Democracy Arsenal.
History and Mission.
The National Security Network was founded in 2006 by counter-terrorism expert and two-decade White House veteran Rand Beers. Beers led the Department of Homeland Security review team for Barack Obama's transition. He resigned from NSN in 2009 to serve as Counselor to Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano.
According to its "About Us" web page, NSN’s mission is to ""develop pragmatic and principled progressive national security policies for a new era. The organization believes in building upon the greatest legacies of American foreign policy through combining a strong and flexible military with shrewd diplomacy; the strategic and effective use of alliances; and above all, an unwavering commitment to America’s basic values.""
Projects.
NSN works with a large network of experts to identify, develop, and communicate progressive national security policy solutions, focusing on the current issues of our time. NSN’s products include policy briefs, developed by NSN’s Policy Basics Project; the pre-eminent Democracy Arsenal blog; and the War Room, NSN’s rapid response operation. In partnership with the US in the World project of Demos (U.S. think tank), NSN is deeply involved with the Who Owns Security project, which seeks to determine how the American public currently views the parties on national security; why the public holds those attitudes and feelings; and where they do or don’t connect with specific national security issues.
NSN experts are frequently invited to speak on a variety of foreign policy issues at events nationwide.
The NSN Community.
The National Security Network distributes its message to elected officials, political candidates, the media, national security experts, community leaders, and non-governmental organizations. NSN’s 2,000-plus members and experts represent the emerging generation of foreign policy leaders. Its Advisory Board includes: Chairman Leslie H. Gelb, Sandy Berger, Wesley Clark, Anne-Marie Slaughter, Theodore C. Sorensen, and Frank G. Wisner. Prior to becoming President Obama's envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan, Richard C. Holbrooke also served on the NSN Advisory Board.
Local Chapters.
NSN believes that national security is a local issue, and works to bridge the divide between citizens and experts. NSN works to strengthen public support for responsible, progressive foreign policy through its local chapters, currently located in Ohio, Iowa, Florida, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Colorado, New Mexico and Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="18347378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347378" title="Christopher Ventris">
Christopher Ventris

Christopher Ventris is a British tenor. He is particularly known for his role as Parsifal which he performed at the Bayreuth Festival in 2008. 
After studying at the Royal Academy of Music, Ventris joined Glyndebourne Festival Opera winning the GTO Singers and John Christie awards. He went on to sing with other British companies, including Opera North and English National Opera. He sang the part of Robert Lonle in the first performance of Robert Saxton's "Caritas" and the combined role of Walter, Hugo and the old woman in the first performance of Judith Weir's opera "Blond Eckbert". He was the 2007 recipient of the Maria Callas Debut Artist of the Year Award, presented annually by Dallas Opera to the singer who makes the biggest impact on voting patrons in his or her company debut.
Ventris' engagements include productions at the Vienna State Opera, the San Francisco Opera, the Royal Opera, London, the Teatro di San Carlo, Naples, La Fenice, Venice, La Scala, Milan, the Glyndebourne Festival, the Grand Théâtre de Genève in Geneva and the Bavarian State Opera.
Roles.
Ventris's roles include:

</doc>
<doc id="18347394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347394" title="Rooster Booster">
Rooster Booster

Rooster Booster is an American energy drink. It is sold at convenience stores including Quiktrip and Road Ranger. It is also available as Rooster Booster Lite. Rooster Booster is part of a line of drinks that also includes Donkey Kick, Dr. Dogg, and Ram Jam. 
Rooster Booster is also the name for a range of Electronic Ignition Systems made by Rooster Ignitions in the United Kingdom. They produce universal and custom ignition modules for Classic Vehicles and Motorcycles. The Range includes the Rooster Booster Junior for small Flywheel Magneto fired engines and the RB1 which is a points assisted transistorised Electronic Ignition module for most other petrol engines. They also make modules for vehicles with two or more sets of contact breakers. This company sells systems worldwide.
Rooster Booster is also a line of poultry vitamin supplements. 
External links.
Rooster Ignitions
Rooster Booster poultry vitamin supplements
http://www.roosterboosterproducts.com/

</doc>
<doc id="18347409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347409" title="Plum Pictures">
Plum Pictures

Plum Pictures was founded in 2003 by Galt Niederhoffer, Celine Rattray and Daniela Taplin Lundberg. Based in downtown Manhattan, the company produces two to five films a year, with a focus on both studio and independent films. The company also finances up to two films a year.
The company's film Grace is Gone received two awards at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival, including Best Audience Award and Best Screenplay.

</doc>
<doc id="18347415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347415" title="MTV Staying Alive">
MTV Staying Alive

Staying Alive is an MTV international initiative to encourage HIV prevention, promote safer lifestyle choices and fight the stigma and discrimination which fuels the HIV epidemic. Staying Alive is now the world’s largest HIV mass media awareness and prevention campaign. It produces TV programming in the form of concerts, documentaries, public service announcements, TV film, film competitions and others. It also boasts a 13 language website with celebrity content talking about safe sex.
Goals and objective.
Goals.
Staying Alive’s aim is to reduce HIV infections among young people globally. It does this by using entertainment to bring across vital safe sex information so that young people are empowered to make safer sexual and lifestyle decisions.
Objectives.
• To raise awareness and knowledge about HIV/AIDS and safer sex skills for young people.
<br>
• To fight the stigma and discrimination associated with HIV/AIDS.
<br>
• To empower young people to take concrete action to protect themselves and others against HIV/AIDS.
<br>
• To engage other businesses, media and organisations to form their own response to HIV/AIDS. This includes broadcasting or using Staying Alive material rights free, at no cost.
Reach.
Staying Alive currently reaches 64% of the world’s TV households, and 90% of the top 50 AIDS affected countries. Staying Alive’s distribution reach extends to all but thirteen countries in the world. Staying Alive does this, not only through MTV’s extensive global reach, but also with its rights free strategy, enabling all broadcasters around the world to air Staying Alive content at no cost.
History.
Staying Alive began in 1998 as a one off award winning documentary, of the same name, about six young people from around the world and how their lives were affected by HIV and AIDS and hosted by George Michael.
In 2002, Staying Alive expanded into an ongoing global multi media campaign that provides targeted information about HIV and AIDS using a wide range of interventions that include programming, advocacy and grant-making. Staying Alive is now the world’s leading media response to HIV and AIDS, developing widely recognised cutting edge products as part of its comprehensive approach.
In 2005, Staying Alive launched the Staying Alive Foundation to provide small grants to young people who are responding to the multiple threats of HIV, through prevention and create enabling environments for HIV+ people in their communities.
Evaluation.
The 2005 evaluation of Staying Alive found that the campaign resulted in significantly more interpersonal communication about HIV/AIDS amongst those who were exposed to the campaign and that this in turn had a positive effect on social norms. More young people exposed to the campaign felt it was important to use a condom, discussed HIV with a sexual partner and reported getting tested for HIV.
The Staying Alive Foundation.
In 2005 the Staying Alive Foundation was launched. The Staying Alive Foundation is a public charity registered in the US and UK and supported by MTV. Twice yearly, the Foundation presents the Staying Alive Awards: small grants that support innovative projects by youth-led organisations in schools, youth centres, and clubs using radio, TV, print, on-line and personal interactions that reach at-risk youth and protect them from the multiple threats posed by HIV and AIDS.
The Foundation's mandate to support individuals fighting AIDS on the frontlines is an unusual grant-making strategy that is showing extraordinary results as more and more young Award winners become HIV-prevention leaders in their communities.
In 2008 the R&B singer-songwriter Kelly Rowland was been appointed as the global Ambassador for the MTV Staying Alive Foundation. In June 2008, Kelly Rowland visited SAF projects in Kenya, Tanzania and South Africa.
<br>
Programming.
The multimedia campaign includes full-length programming such as documentaries about young people living with, affected by and responding to HIV; concert featuring some of the biggest stars of the music scene; discussion programmes; public service announcements and more.
All Staying Alive programming is offered rights free and at no cost to any TV broadcaster that wants to use it. As a result, Staying Alive regularly reaches more than 90% of the top 50 AIDS-affected countries. 
Transit.
In 2005 Staying Alive produced its first film: Transit. Shot in Los Angeles, Mexico City, St Petersburg, and Nairobi, it deals with the complexities of sexual relationships in a time of HIV and globalisation. Transit raised issues of self–esteem, violence in relationships, drugs, multiple partners, condom use and HIV testing. The film was accompanied by a teaching kit and discussion guide used to discuss some of the issues raised in the story. Transit has been translated into 16 languages.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347432" title="2011 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships">
2011 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships

The 2011 IIHF World U20 Championship, commonly referred to as the 2011 World Junior Hockey Championships ("2011 WJHC"), was the 2011 edition of the World Junior Ice Hockey Championships and was hosted by the United States. The games were played in Western New York, at HSBC Arena in Buffalo and Niagara University's Dwyer Arena in Lewiston. Russia won the gold medal with a 5–3 victory over Canada in the championship game, after completing the biggest comeback in the WJHC history. Being down 3–0 after two periods, the Russians scored five goals in the third period to capture their first WJHC gold medal since 2003. The host team, the United States, won the bronze medal with a 4–2 win over Sweden.
Bid process.
Co-host of the 2005 tournament, Grand Forks, North Dakota, also submitted a bid to host the 2011 tournament. In addition, Detroit was mentioned as a possible host city.
Summary.
Exhibition games.
A series of five exhibition games were held between several of the teams at Sports Centre at MCC in Brighton, New York and the Jamestown Savings Bank Ice Arena in Jamestown, New York in conjunction with, and immediately prior to, the tournament.
Preliminary round.
The Preliminary Round robin consisted of two pools of five teams each, played in a round robin format. The United States (Pool A) and Sweden (Pool B) went undefeated to finish first in their respective pools and earn an automatic berth in the semifinals. To qualify for the quarterfinals, Canada and Russia finished second and third in Pool B while Finland and Switzerland did likewise in Pool A. The remaining teams, Slovakia, Germany, the Czech Republic, and Norway were sent to the relegation round.
Relegation round.
In the relegation round, Slovakia and Norway played in the first game, with Slovakia winning 5–0. The Czech Republic defeated Germany 3–2 in the second game. After the first day of action, the final results were decided and the remaining games were meaningless. Germany lost to Norway 3–1 and the Czech Republic defeated Slovakia 5–2 in the final relegation games. Norway and Germany were relegated to Division I for the 2012 tournament.
Medal round.
Quarterfinals.
The first quarterfinal game saw Russia take on Finland. Russia trailed by two goals late in the game, but scored twice to tie and send it to overtime. Evgeny Kuznetsov scored the game-winning goal in overtime. In the other quarterfinal, Canada easily defeated Switzerland 4–1.
Semifinals.
The first semi-final featured Russia and Sweden. Controversy erupted in the second period as an apparent icing call on Russia was waved off by the on-ice officials, allowing the Russians to score and take a 2–0 lead. The Swedish team protested the non-call, but the goal stood. The Swedes did forge a comeback and took a 3–2 lead in the third period, but the Russians scored late to force overtime for the second consecutive game. The game went to a shootout with Russia winning, 4–3. The second semifinal was a highly anticipated rematch of the previous year's gold medal game between Canada and the United States, the defending champions. In front of a mainly Canadian crowd that made the trip to Buffalo, Canada earned a berth in the final with a 4–1 victory over their American rivals.
Fifth place game.
The fifth place game featured the losing teams of the quarter-final games. Switzerland defeated Finland 3–2 in a shootout to take fifth place.
Bronze medal game.
The United States defeated Sweden 4–2 to win the bronze medal, its first ever WJHC medal on home ice.
Gold medal game.
The gold medal game was between Canada and Russia. The game marked Canada's tenth consecutive appearance in the final. The Russians had lost their three previous gold medal games to Canada. Canada led 3-0 after two periods. However, the Russians scored five unanswered goals in the third period, including two in a span of 13 seconds, to win the game 5–3 and capture the gold medal. It was Russia's first gold medal since 2003 and Canada's second straight silver medal finish. Brayden Schenn of Canada was named the tournament's Most Valuable Player.
The game delivered one of the largest television audiences in Canadian history, with an average of 6.88 million viewers watching on TSN and another 652,000 watching the French-language broadcast on RDS. An estimated half of Canadians watched a portion or all of the game.
Top division.
Preliminary round.
Group A.
All times local (EST/UTC-5)
Group B.
All times local (EST/UTC-5)
Relegation round.
The results from matches between teams from the same group in the preliminary round were carried forward to this round.
All times local (EST/UTC-5)
" and were relegated to Division I for the 2012 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships."
Scoring leaders.
"GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalties In Minutes"
Source:
Goaltending leaders.
"TOI = Time On Ice (minutes:seconds); SA = Shots Against; GA = Goals Against; GAA = Goals Against Average; Sv% = Save Percentage; SO = Shutouts"
Source:
09:50, 6 January 2011 (UTC) 
Division I.
The following teams took part in the Division I tournament. Group A was played in Babruysk, Belarus, between December 13 and December 19, 2010. Group B was played in Bled, Slovenia, between December 12 and December 18, 2010.
Division II.
The following teams took part in the Division II tournament. Group A was played in Tallinn, Estonia. Group B was played in Miercurea-Ciuc, Romania, between December 13 and December 19, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18347453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347453" title="The Immunity Zone">
The Immunity Zone

The Immunity Zone is the fourth full-length album by progressive metal band Andromeda.

</doc>
<doc id="18347492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347492" title="The Soldier (novel)">
The Soldier (novel)

The Soldier is a novel, by Richard P. Powell. It was first published in 1960 by Charles Scribner's Sons, and later serialized in "The Saturday Evening Post". It came out as a Bantam paperback in 1962.
The scene of the novel is "an imaginary area of the Asiatic-Pacific Theatre in late 1942 and early 1943". Lieutenant Colonel William A. Farralon starts the book as a washed up officer being transferred to an unimportant post. Fate and good soldiering put his career back on track. He becomes a General, and gets the girl.

</doc>
<doc id="18347505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347505" title="Capitol View (building)">
Capitol View (building)

Capitol View is a high-rise building located in the United States capital of Washington, D.C.. Construction of the building began in 2006 and was completed in 2007. The building's architectural style is modern, which the building's material is made of granite. The building was developed by the architect company, Shalom Baranes Associates PC. The building was constructed by Clark Construction. The building is estimated to have cost US$37,000,000 to construct. The building was awarded the 2007 Washington Building Congress Craftsmanship Award for Sitework.

</doc>
<doc id="18347525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347525" title="Jeff Sipe">
Jeff Sipe

Jeff Sipe (born January 31, 1959, Berlin, Germany) is an American drummer. He is a rock and jazz fusion drummer, however, he is proficient in many other styles which he has demonstrated in his decades of drumming. He is a founding member of Aquarium Rescue Unit along with Col. Bruce Hampton. He also played with the self-applied Cajun Slamgrass Band Leftover Salmon and in the Zambiland Orchestra, an experimental big band featuring members of Phish, Widespread Panic and others. Currently touring in 2011 with Jeff Coffin & the Mu'tet, Sipe recently has toured with Keller Williams with Moseley, Droll and Sipe and Jimmy Herring Band. He has been said to "live for music" by Herring, who says though he and Sipe have now known each other for years, Jeff Sipe remains his first choice of any drummer around with whom to play.

</doc>
<doc id="18347532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347532" title="Eggar's School">
Eggar's School

Eggar's School is a coeducational secondary school with academy status, located in the town of Alton, Hampshire, England.
Founding and history.
In 1640 John Eggar of Moungomeries founded the Free Grammar School, Alton which subsequently became known as Eggars Grammar School. The School Badge displays the date 1642.
The Eggar family have been associated with the area for many centuries. They were great hop growers and Richard Eggar was credited, in 1890, with the invention of the "rolling floor" to ease the drying process in the kilns.
Grammar school.
Between 1640 - 1975 entrance to the Grammar School was largely based on the results of the eleven-plus examination. Pupils from other schools were able to transfer to the Sixth Form at the Grammar School after their O-levels (GCSE) though many chose to go to the Technical Colleges in Petersfield, Winchester, Farnborough and Guildford. This school occupied a site at "Anstey Road", Alton until 1969, when it moved to a new site on "London Road", Holybourne, Alton
Comprehensive school.
In 1975 the school became a comprehensive school, accessible to all children from the area.
Academy.
The school converted to academy status on 1 September 2012.
Current site.
The current site for Eggar's School has been used since 1969. 
The earlier, partly 18th century, building is still standing and was retained for use by Eggars in the 1970s and then Amery Hill in the 1980s and has now been converted into flats. 
There are approximately 800 students currently on roll.
Academic performance.
In 2010, the cohort achieved a 93% 5 A* - C pass rate in GCSEs, with 73% gaining 5 A* - C including English and Mathematics. These results are up 9% and 15% from 2009 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18347533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347533" title="Hans Georg Friedrich Groß">
Hans Georg Friedrich Groß

Hans Georg Friedrich Groß, (4 May 1860 - 27 February 1924), was a German balloonist and airship constructor.
Balloons.
In the 1890s, the "Verein zur Förderung der Luftschifffahrt" (an association promoting airflight founded in 1881) conducted scientific balloon ascents to study the upper atmosphere on the initiative of Richard Assmann. Hans Groß was "Premiereleutnant" of the "Berliner Luftschifferabteilung" (Berlin airship department), and as balloon pilot took part in 28 of these studies.
Hydrogen balloon plans by Groß led to the construction of the "Humboldt". This performed six ascents, two ending in non-fatal crashes; during deflation after its final landing in 26 April 1893, it exploded due to electrostatic charging and burnt. For his next balloon, the "Phönix", Groß developed a variant of the "Reißbahn" invented by John Wise in 1844. This allowed the pilot to rapidly deflate a gas balloon upon landing. The "Phönix" performed 23 manned ascents from 1893 to 1896, a total 180 hours in the air and reached a maximum altitude of 9155 metres on 1894-12-04 with Arthur Berson.
Airships.
In 1895 and 1896 Groß supported David Schwarz in the development of his metal-clad airship.
In 1906 Groß rose in rank to Major and became commander of the Royal Prussian Airship Battalion Number 2. With Nikolaus Basenach in 1906 he started construction of the first German military airship, an experimental keeled semi-rigid airship. This became designated the Groß-Basenach-type and resulted in a "Versuchsluftschiff" (first flight 5 July 1907) followed by the airships "M I" (first flight 1908-06-30) to "M IV". "M I" achieved a distance record of 300 kilometres over thirteen hours in 11 and 12 September 1908.
In 1910 he was honoured by having the street "Großstraße" in Berlin-Köpenick named after him. Groß retired from active service in 1918 with the rank of Major General.

</doc>
<doc id="18347537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347537" title="List of Northwestern University presidents">
List of Northwestern University presidents

Northwestern University has had 21 presidents since it was founded in 1851.

</doc>
<doc id="18347543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347543" title="Tattooing of Minors Act 1969">
Tattooing of Minors Act 1969

The Tattooing of Minors Act 1969 (1969 c. 24) is an Act of Parliament of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It gained Royal Assent on 16 May 1969, and is currently in force.
The Act made it an offence to tattoo a person under the age of eighteen, save for medical reasons.
The Act did not extend to Northern Ireland, though similar regulations were later instituted there by the Tattooing of Minors (Northern Ireland) Order 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18347545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347545" title="Rion Hall">
Rion Hall

Rion Hall is a late Federal style house near Halltown, West Virginia. Built in 1836, it consists of a three-story brick house with a two-story kitchen wing connected by a wood hyphen. The house was used as a headquarters for General Philip H. Sheridan during the American Civil War.
The house was built in 1836 by William Lucas. Lucas was the son of Robert and Sarah Rion Lucas, and was born at Cold Spring. In 1838, Lucas was elected to the United States House of Representatives, serving a total of three terms. At William Lucas' death, the property passed to his son, Daniel Bedinger Lucas, a lawyer and a poet, who was briefly appointed to the US Senate by the Governor of West Virginia, but not seated. With Daniel Lucas' death the property passed to Virginia Lucas, whose accidental death in 1929 left the house vacant for ten years. In 1938 the house changed hands and underwent renovation.

</doc>
<doc id="18347560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347560" title="Tamghas">
Tamghas

Tamghas, also Gulmi Tamghas or Tamghas Bazaar () is a town and the headquarters of Gulmi District, Nepal. It is located at 28°4'0N 83°15'0E with an altitude of 1838 metres (6033 feet). As of 2001 it had a population of 10, 680. There are significant cobalt reserves in the area.In the 1970s a road was planned between Tamghas and Palpa District.The village of Arkhale is located just to the northwest.
Notable landmarks.
Tamghas contains the main educational institutions in Gulmi District including Brilliant United Academy, Gandaki Boarding School, Vujelkharka School, Siddababa Higher Secondary School, Donbosco School, Buddha Lower Secondary School, Resunga Higher Secondary School, Mahendra Higher Secondary School and Readers Public School. The district government offices and the police headquarters is located in the town and the Nepalese Army also have a base here. The town is served by Tamghas Hospital, located just south of Tamghas Jail.Notable places of worship in Tamghas are Shivalaya, Bhagawati Mandir, Thaghas Vagawati Mandir and Siddhababa Mandir.
Media.
To Promote local culture Tamghas has two FM radio stations Radio Sky - 88.4 MHz and Radio Resunga 106.2 MHz, Which are Community radio Stations.

</doc>
<doc id="18347562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347562" title="SG Formula">
SG Formula

SG Formula is a French auto racing team which participated in the junior categories of open wheel racing: Formula Renault and Formula Three. The team was founded in 2004 by Frenchman Stephane Guerin.
History.
After its foundation in 2004, SG Formula began racing in a number of Formula Renault championships with their drivers Yann Clairay, Guillaume Moreau and Romain Grosjean, with the team's concentrating mostly on the French championship with a handful of participations in the European and Swiss championships. The team enjoyed some success in its inaugural year of motorsport with Clairay and Moreau finishing second and third respectively in the French Drivers' Championship and Grosjean finished as runner-up rookie. The team finished second in that year's Team's Championship with 649 points; 27 points off champions Graff Racing. Wins were also present in SG Formula's other championships, including a win for Clairay at Magny-Cours in the European series and a win in the single entry they had in the Swiss championship.
2005 spread their wings into a number of other championships: While still remaining in the French and European series, with intentions to run a full championship campaign in both, they entered a selected number of events in the Dutch championship while dropping their involvement in the Swiss series. The team retained its drivers, bar Moreau who had moved to fellow French team Signature-Plus; Carlo van Dam, Johan Charpilienne and Julien Jousse were added at the team's roster. The team enjoyed far more success than the previous year, with Grosjean winning the Drivers' Championship in France and the team picked up the Team's Championship in the Eurocup as well as in the French series. The Dutchman van Dam also managed to score three podiums in the Dutch championship as well. At the end of the year, after partnering with Dyna Ten Motorsport, the team entered a Support Race for the Macau Grand Prix where the team finished twelfth and thirteenth.
Like Moreau before him, Grosjean jumped ship to Signature-Plus for a campaign in Formula Three, which is what SG Formula could not offer the French driver at the time. Clairay also entered a limited amount of races for the team as he was concentrating on his Le Mans Series campaign with Paul Belmondo Racing; Charpilienne also left the team at the end of 2005. Van Dam and Jousse stayed with SG Formula for 2006 with Red Bull-backed Tom Dillmann joining the Dutch driver for the Eurocup team and rookie Jean Karl Vernay joining Jousse for the French championship. The two entries did well in their respective championships, with the Eurocup team finishing second in the Team's Championship, with Van Dam finishing third in the Drivers' Championship, and Vernay finished the year as both runner-up in the Drivers' and Rookie championship in the French Championship with a Team Championship for a second year in a row as well.
The team ran two Eurocup teams in 2007 named SG Formula and SG Driver's Project and hired a number of new drivers to their roster. Brit Jon Lancaster finished the season as runner-up to New Zealander Brendon Hartley with Charles Pic finishing behind him in third. The team also claimed that year's Team title in the Eurocup. In the French championship, incidentally the last championship before the series became the West European Cup, the team enjoyed their best season with Jules Bianchi taking home the Drivers' Title and the team won the Team's championship for the third year in succession.
SG Formula stepped up to Formula Three in 2008 by entering a team for the Formula Three Euroseries with a three man team of former driver Clairay, Dutch driver Henkie Waldschmidt and Tom Dillmann, and ended up 6th in the teams' championship – mainly thanks to Clairay's solid finishing – which led him to 9th overall.
The team will return in 2009, with Lancaster returning to the team along with Waldschmidt, with Andrea Caldarelli moving up from the Eurocup.
At the beginning of 2010, the team withdrew from the Formula Renault 3.5 Series, Formula Three Euroseries and Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0.
Complete motor racing results.
Formula Three.
† - Ricciardo was ineligible to score points.<br>
D.C. = Drivers' Championship position, T.C. = Teams' Championship position.

</doc>
<doc id="18347575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347575" title="French Chilean">
French Chilean

A French Chilean (, ) is an Chilean citizen of full or partial French ancestry. Between 1840 and 1940, 20,000 to 25,000 French people immigrated to Chile. The country received the fourth largest number of French immigrants to South America after Argentina (239,000), Brazil (40,000) and Uruguay (more than 25,000).
French immigration to Chile.
The French came to Chile in the 18th century, arriving at Concepción as merchants, and in the mid-19th century to cultivate vines in the haciendas of the Central Valley, the homebase of world-famous Chilean wine. The Araucanía Region also has an important number of people of French ancestry, as the area hosted settlers arrived by the second half of the 19th century as farmers and shopkeepers. With akin Latin culture, the French immigrants quickly assimilated into mainstream Chilean society.
From 1840 to 1940, around 25,000 Frenchmen immigrated to Chile. 80% of them were coming from Southwestern France, especially from Basses-Pyrénées (Basque country and Béarn), Gironde, Charente-Inférieure and Charente and regions situated between Gers and Dordogne.
Most of French immigrants settled in the country between 1875 and 1895. Between October 1882 and December 1897, 8,413 Frenchmen settled in Chile, making up 23% of immigrants (second only after Spaniards) from this period. In 1863, 2,650 French citizens were registered in Chile. At the end of the century they were almost 30,000. According to the census of 1865, out of 83,220 foreigners established in Chile, 6,483 were French, the third largest European community in the country after Germans and Englishmen. In 1875, the community reached 3,000 members, 12% of the almost 85,000 foreigners established in the country. It was estimated that 10,000 Frenchmen were living in Chile in 1912, 7% of the 149,400 Frenchmen living in Latin America.
In World War II, a group of over 10,000 Chileans of French descent joined the Free French Forces and fought the Nazi occupation of France .
Today it is estimated that 500,000 Chileans are of French descent.
Former president of Chile, Michelle Bachelet is of French origin. Former dictator Augusto Pinochet is another Chilean of French descent. A large percentage of politicians, businessmen, professionals and entertainers in the country are of French ancestry.
Legacy.
French painter Raymond Monvoisin lived in Chile from 1842 to 1854 and founded the Academy of Fine Arts of Santiago. French architect François Brunet de Baines founded the city's first school of architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="18347577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347577" title="Ghost imaging">
Ghost imaging

Ghost imaging (GI) is a technique that allows a high resolution camera to produce an image of an object which the camera cannot itself see.
History.
The first demonstrations of ghost imaging were based on the quantum nature of light. Specifically, quantum correlations between photon pairs were utilized to build up an image of the unseen object. When one of the photons strikes the object, the other follows a different path to the camera's lens. If the camera is constructed to only record pixels from photons that hit simultaneously at the object and the camera's image plane, an image of the object is reconstructed.
It was soon realized that the correlations between the light beam that hits the camera and the beam that hits the object can be purely classical. If quantum correlations are present, the signal-to-noise ratio of the reconstructed image can be improved. The exact role of quantum and classical correlations in ghost imaging is still controversial.
In 2009 'pseudothermal ghost imaging' and 'ghost diffraction' were demonstrated using only a single single-pixel detector. This was achieved by implementing the 'Computational ghost-imaging' scheme, relaxing the need to evoke quantum correlations arguments for the pseudothermal source case.
Recently, it was shown that the principles of 'Compressed-Sensing' can be directly utilized to reduce the number of measurements required for image reconstruction in GI. This allowed to acquire an N pixel image with much less than N measurements and may have applications in LIDAR and microscopy
Simple example.
A simple example clarifies the basic principle of (classical) ghost imaging. Take two transparent boxes; the left box is empty and the right box has an object in it. A camera is behind the left box, and just a single-pixel detector is behind the right box.
Align a laser and beamsplitter so that the laser light always passes through the same part of both boxes. For example, if one beam from the beamsplitter passes through the bottom-center of one box, then the other beam from the beamsplitter should pass through the bottom-center of the other box.
Now, scan the laser around the box. (It does not need to be raster-scanned; it can be randomly moved around.) "But", set up "gating" for the camera on the left, so that the camera "only" accepts light when the single-pixel detector on the right has a signal.
When the light beam in the right box is blocked by the object, it does not reach the single-pixel detector, so the corresponding light beam in the left box will not contribute to the camera's image. When the light beam in the right box misses the object, and passes through to the single-pixel detector, then the light beam in the left box "will" contribute to the camera's image.
In this way, the camera will show an image of the object, even though the light going towards the camera passed through the empty left box, and did not touch the object in the right box.
In this example, the boxes are illuminated one pixel at a time. But the correct image will also form if more complex light distributions are used.

</doc>
<doc id="18347602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347602" title="I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell (film)">
I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell (film)

I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell is a 2009 American comedy film loosely based on the work and persona of writer Tucker Max, who co-wrote the screenplay. In an interview with "Shave Magazine" Max explained that the film is not "a direct recount or retelling. It says it is based on true events because it is. Basically, every scene in the movie happened in real life in one way or another but it happened in a different time or time frame. But pretty much every single thing happened." The film was directed by Bob Gosse and stars Matt Czuchry as Max. It was produced by Darko Entertainment and distributed by Freestyle Releasing, and is rated R for nudity, strong sexual content including graphic dialogue throughout, language and some crude material. Max had said previously that sequels were possible if the initial film found financial success. The film was released in theaters on September 25, 2009. The DVD was released on January 26, 2010.
Plot summary.
The film's plot is loosely adapted from "The Austin Road Trip Story" in Max's book "I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell". Based on Max's "real-life experiences", the film follows Max and his friends Drew and Dan to a strip club for Dan's bachelor party, where he ensnares Dan in a lie that threatens his wedding. The ensuing events which include Drew hooking up with Lara, a dancer and single mother, and Max hooking up with a midget stripper, lead to Max abandoning Dan who lands in jail for being drunk and disorderly. After the guys return from their misadventures, it results in Max being banned from the nuptials. Max then attempts to earn Dan's forgiveness.
A tireless and charismatic novelty seeker, Tucker (Matt Czuchry) tricks his buddy Dan (Geoff Stults) into lying to his fiancée Kristy (Keri Lynn Pratt), so they can go to a legendary strip club three and a half hours away to celebrate Dan’s last days of bachelorhood in proper style. Tucker drags their misanthropic friend Drew (Jesse Bradford) along for the ride, and before they know it Tucker’s pursuit of a hilarious carnal interest lands Dan in serious trouble with both the law and his future wife.
The ensuing blowout leaves Tucker uninvited to the wedding and ankle deep in a mess of his own creation. If he wants back into the wedding and the lives of his best friends, he’ll have to find a way to balance the demands of friendship with his own narcissism and selfishness.
Principal cast.
Denise Quiñones was originally cast as Lara, but dropped out two days before filming started. Dominczyk, who had been the original first choice for the role but had passed due to a scheduling conflict, was now available and stepped in immediately
The film includes cameo appearances from UFC fighters Forrest Griffin and Mac Danzig; rapper Paul Wall; "Fark.com" founder Drew Curtis, author Timothy Ferriss, and the real-life Tucker Max (playing Dan's older brother Jeff). Producer/writer Nils Parker also has a small cameo, playing an announcer in the strip club.
Reception.
The film received generally negative reviews; only 7 out of 32 professional critics (22%) sampled by Rotten Tomatoes reacted positively. The review consensus from Rotten Tomatoes was: ""I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell" fails in its attempts at raunchy humor, and Tucker Max comes across so unlikable and outrageous that the film's inevitable story arc feels forced." Numerous critics considered the movie to be one of the worst of the year.
Box office.
Opening weekend gross was $366,900 on 120 screens. Its total domestic gross was $1.4 million. Max blamed the movie's box office failure on the marketing of the movie.
Controversy.
In 2010, during the pre-release promotional period for the movie, several publications accused Max of rape and of promoting rape culture by allegedly glamorizing the practice of engaging in sex acts with women who are intoxicated. In addition, protests were staged at screenings of the movie by demonstrators who argued that intoxication precludes a woman from consenting to sex, and thus Max's stories and movie include descriptions of acts that "meet the legal definition of rape in North Carolina."

</doc>
<doc id="18347653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347653" title="Carioca Bowl">
Carioca Bowl

Carioca Bowl is a beach American football league based in Rio de Janeiro, Niterói and Saquarema, in the state of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The league's current champions are the America Red Lions.
Teams.
1 The Red Lions are sponsored by the soccer club América Football Club.
2 The Fênix plays in Copacabana, but is based in Tijuca borough.
External links.
Rio de Janeiro league in AFAB website

</doc>
<doc id="18347668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347668" title="Robert Meyer Burnett">
Robert Meyer Burnett

Robert Meyer Burnett (b. May 15, 1967) is an award-winning filmmaker and DVD producer.
Career.
Burnett directed "Free Enterprise" and the short film, "The Sacred Fire". He has also edited over 10 feature films, and worked as a "Star Trek" consultant for Viacom Interactive and Paramount Parks' "" located at the Las Vegas Hilton. Working for NBC, Burnett wrote, edited, produced, or directed over 100 promotional clips for the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, and the 2000/2001 NBC lineup.
DVDs.
After joining Kurtti-Pellerin, Burnett produced extras for special edition DVDs including Disney's "The Fantasia Anthology" and "Snow White", and New Line's Extended Editions of ' and '. Burnett's own production company, Ludovico Technique LLC has worked on the DVD Special Editions for Oscar-winning "The Usual Suspects", "Valley Girl", "Superman Returns", "Spider-Man", "X-MEN 1.5", "X2", and "". Burnett has twice been a guest of honor at the science, science fiction, and fantasy convention, CONvergence. Most recently, he edited, wrote and produced all the special features for Blu Ray release of STAR TREK THE NEXT GENERATION Seasons One through Seven, released between July 24, 2012 and the end of 2014. He also contributed to the Blu Ray of all four Seasons of STAR TREK: ENTERPRISE, with Season Four being released on April 1, 2014.
Features.
As a motion picture producer, he co-produced MGM's "Agent Cody Banks" and its sequel, "", and developed and produced the 2009 Warner Premiere and Dark Castle's "The Hills Run Red". Beginning in 2010, Burnett has directed and edited five episodes of the Cinemax series "Femme Fatales".

</doc>
<doc id="18347692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347692" title="Maine Historical Society">
Maine Historical Society

The Maine Historical Society is the official state historical society of Maine and is located in Portland.
History.
The Maine Historical Society was founded in 1822 and is the third oldest state historical society after the Massachusetts Historical Society and New York Historical Society. The Maine Historical Society was founded and funded by many of Portland's early Yankee philanthropists, including James Phinney Baxter. The Society currently operates the Wadsworth-Longfellow House, a National Historic Landmark, and Longfellow Garden, the Maine Historical Society Museum and Store, the Maine Historical Society Research Library and the Maine Memory Network.
Presidents.
William Willis, Mayor of Portland, was the president of the Maine Historical Society (1856–1865). Earle G. Shettleworth, Jr., official State Historian of Maine, was president of MHS from 1977 to 1979.
Maine Historical Society Museum.
The Maine Historical Society Museum is located at the Society's headquarters at 489 Congress Street, Portland. Topics for the changing exhibits include Maine's history, politics, culture, sports, religion, art, and business.

</doc>
<doc id="18347708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347708" title="Russians in Chile">
Russians in Chile

Russians in Chile form a minor part of the Russian diaspora and a small group in comparison to the other ethnic groups in Chile. The 2002 Chilean Census reported 638 Russian citizens, although Russia's government estimates that 1,300 Russians live in Chile. There are more than 70,000 Orthodox Christians in Chile, the majority of them of Russian or Greek origin.
History.
The first Russians came to Chile in the early 19th century as part of naval expeditions circumnavigating the globe, among them captains Otto Kotsebu, Fyodor Litke, and Vasili Golovnin. However, they were just temporary visitors; the earliest Russian migrants came in 1854. The immigrants of that time belonged to different ethnic groups of the Russian Empire, particularly to minorities. Among them were seafarers and traders as well as medical professionals such as Alexei Sherbakov, who served as a surgean in the Chilean Navy during the War of the Pacific. In the period between World War I and World War II, political motivations for migration came to the forefront; the number of White emigres in Chile grew to about 90. In the 1950s, their numbers were further bolstered by arrivals from among the Russian expatriate community in Harbin. The Russian Cemetery was founded in 1954 to provide a separate space for burials for the community.
As of 2004, the total size of the Russian expatriate community in Chile was estimated at about 250 individuals by the local Russian embassy. Motivations for the recent migration include opportunities for small business, the ease of acquiring mortgages to purchase housing, as well as the weather. They are employed as professors in educational centres, as well as in Chilean food export companies. Community associations they have formed include the Corporación Cultural Alejandro Lipchutz, which boasts 95 members including 70 non-Russians; they work to disseminate information about Russian culture and life.
Religion.
Russians, along with Ukrainians and Greeks, were the first immigrants of the Orthodox faith to come to Chile. In the 1920s, Eleodoro Antipov founded the first Orthodox chapel, the Iglesia de la Santísima Trinidad, in Patronato; father Nicolas Kashnikoff also created the less well-known chapel of Our Lady of Kazan, which was later taken over by father Vladimir Uliantzeff. Subsequently after the end of World War II, Chile played host to a large number of refugees not just from Russia, but Ukraine and Greece as well, which bolstered the numbers of the Orthodox community. There are more than seventy thousand Orthodox believers in Chile, and 15 Orthodox churches and chapels, mostly under the authority of the Patriarch of Antioch.
Notable people.
This is a list of Russian expatriates in Chile and Chileans of Russian descent:

</doc>
<doc id="18347714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347714" title="List of Connecticut state symbols">
List of Connecticut state symbols

The following is a list of symbols of the U.S. state of Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="18347733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347733" title="Reckless (Luther Allison album)">
Reckless (Luther Allison album)

Reckless is an album by American blues guitarist Luther Allison, released in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18347739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347739" title="Abzhui">
Abzhui

The Abzhui are a sub-group of the Abkhaz people. They live primarily in the Kodori River valley, of Abkhazia, and have their own dialect of the Abkhaz language.

</doc>
<doc id="18347747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347747" title="Italian Chilean">
Italian Chilean

Italian Chileans (in Spanish: "Italochilenos", Italian: "Italo-cileni") are Chileans of full or partly Italian descent. It is estimated that 150,000 people could have Italian ancestors. In Southern Chile, there were state-conducted Italian immigrants programs, though they were not as massive as the German and Croats immigrants programs. These families settled especially in Capitán Pastene, Angol, Lumaco, and Temuco, but also in Valparaiso, Concepción, Chillán, Valdivia, and Osorno. One of the notable Italian influences in Chile is, for example, the sizable number of Italian surnames of a proportion of Chilean politicians, businessmen and intellectuals, of whom a good number intermarried into the "Castilian-Basque" elites.
Italian Chileans, along with French Chileans, contributed to the development, cultivation and ownership of the world-famous Chilean wines from haciendas in the Central Valley, since the first wave of Italians arrived in colonial Chile in the early 19th century.
Although being just a fraction of the size of the migration to Argentina, Italians in immigration to Chile have been present since the arrival of the first Spaniards into the country, such as Captain Giovanni Battista Pastene who helped Pedro de Valdivia's expedition. Thence, with akin Latin culture, Italians have helped forge the nation, with architects (Gioacchino Toesca), painters (Camilo Mori), businessmen (Anacleto Angelini), economists (Vittorio Corbo) and statesmen (Arturo Alessandri).
In an unusual manner, since Italian immigration was never massive or organized, the only case of concerted immigration appeared in the town of Capitán Pastene, in the Araucanía Region of southern Chile, where in 1904, 23 families from Emilia-Romagna were left at their own device after being wrongfully enticed to the "riches" of Chile. Today, this small town celebrates a renaissance of their Italic heritage.
History.
Italian emigration in Chile was limited to a few tens of Italians during the centuries of the Spanish colony.
After independence, the Chilean government encouraged European emigration, but without getting the results of nearby Argentina.
However, there was a substantial flow of migration of Liguria to the area of Valparaíso, which came to control 70% of the city. These immigrants founded the "Body of Fire" (called "Cristobal Colon") of the city and its "Italian School", whose building the Government of Chile has declared a National Historic Monument (Spanish: "Monumento Histórico Nacional").
At the end of the 19th century, many Italian merchants were rooted in the northern part of Arica, where they began exploiting the rich mines of saltpetre. Meanwhile, many Italian families settled in the capital Santiago, Concepción and Punta Arenas.
In 1904 was planned an emigration of 700 immigrants of Emilia to a town of the Araucanía Region, which was named "Colonia Nueva Italia" and now called "Capitán Pastene".
Throughout the central-southern zone of Chile, 7,740 Italians were transplanted to the early 20th century.
Some Italian-Chileans voluntarily returned to Italy, like the aviator Arturo Dell'Oro, who died in the skies of Belluno in 1917, which was head to Valparaíso one of the main Italian schools in Chile. Giulio Ravazzano (medal of honor) went back to Italy to defend his country during the Great War, to return later on where he married.
After World War I, it had exhausted major migration from Italy, and in Chile currently there are only 39,650 Italian citizens (including those with dual passports).
Many Italian Chileans, have reached positions of leadership in the society of Chile, like the president Jorge Alessandri.
Italian Community.
The Italian community has been present since the times of "Giovanni Battista Pastene", who participated in the discovery of Chile to the Spanish crown in the shipment of Pedro de Valdivia.
Since then, Italians have always occupied positions of great importance, also married with members of high society Chilean of Spanish origin who ruled Chile, for example, the wife of Salvador Allende, the Italian Chilean Hortensia Bussi.
An anecdote demonstrates the importance of Italian culture in the people of Chile: the influence of a Genovese shoemaker, named Giovanni De Marchi on Salvador Allende. Indeed, the President Allende told the journalist Régis Debray that De Marchi had a strong influence on its policy of training adolescents.:
Undoubtedly, the Italian family that has distinguished itself more in Chile is that of Alessandri. In the start of the 19th century, the parent, Giuseppe Pietro Alessandri Tarzo, came from Tuscany and worked as Consul of the Kingdom of Sardinia in Santiago. Among his descendants there are two presidents of Chile, Arturo Alessandri (1920–1925 and 1932–1938) and Jorge Alessandri (1958–1964).
Among the Italian-Chileans are the most illustrious architects (as Gioacchino Toeschi), painters (as Camilo Mori), industrial (as Anacleto Angelini), actresses (like Claudia Conserva), economists (as Vittorio Corbo) and statesmen (as the President Arturo Alessandri and his son).
The Italian language is promoted by the Chilean section of "Dante Alighieri", while the Italian press has with:
There are some Italian schools in Chile (the most important are located in Santiago, the "Vittorio Montiglio" ) and some organizations protect and serve the Italian community.
Capitán Pastene.
In the southern Chilean town named Capitán Pastene, there is currently a small concentration of 2,200 Italo-Chilean, who constitute almost all of the local population and maintain a few words of Italian dialect of their ancestors emigrated.
Indeed, in 1904 about 100 families from the province of Modena moved there, as organized by the Chilean Government, to populate an area newly conquered by Chilean troops in their war against Mapuche tribes.
These families founded the "Urban Pinhead", which currently is called "Capitán Pastene" and that is experiencing a revival of tourism based on the culture still present in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18347753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347753" title="Pitt Ohio Express">
Pitt Ohio Express

PITT OHIO is a $287.1 Million service organization providing less-than-truckload, truckload, supply chain solutions and ground services in the Mid-Atlantic and Midwest United States. Headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA, PITT OHIO began operations in 1979 by the Hammel family and is now owned by Charles L. Hammel, III. As of 2014, PITT OHIO has more than 2,300 employees
History.
PITT OHIO was founded in 1979 by the Hammel brothers Robert, Kenneth, and Charles III. The company began with 3 trucks, three drivers and one terminal. In 1982, PITT OHIO opened its second terminal in Cleveland, Ohio and have continued to open terminals in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, New Jersey, Illinois, Indiana and Michigan.
PITT OHIO Truckload, powered by ECM Transport, was formed in 2005 when PITT OHIO acquired a majority interest in ECM Transport, LLC, a truckload company also located in the Pittsburgh area. ECM Transport maintains a comprehensive fleet with over 300 tractors, and 1,200 trailers.
The Reliance Network.
In 2008, PITT OHIO joined Lakeville Motor Express to create The Reliance Network (TRNET), a unified, across-the-continent coalition for all freight services. TRNET is a single source provider of freight forwarding for all of North America. The 7 carriers of The Reliance Network include:
PITT OHIO Services.
PITT OHIO has the following services: Less-Than-Truckload (LTL), TRUCKLOAD (TL), SUPPLY CHAIN, GROUND, Expedited - Fast Track, Protect From Freezing – Heat Track, The Reliance Network and TRNet Express.
Safety.
PITT OHIO is a five-time recipient of the American Trucking Association’s President’s Trophy. This is the highest of Safety Awards presented to motor carriers in the transportation industry, recognizing the company for having the best overall safety program.
In 2012, PITT OHIO was awarded first place in the General Commodities LTL Over 15 Million Miles in Pennsylvania, first place in the LTL Division Over 4 Million Miles in Virginia, and first place in the 2,250,000-3,000,000 Miles intercity Fleet Safety Award. In May 2013, PITT OHIO received their third Pennsylvania Motor Truck Association President's Trophy for having the lowest accident frequency of any carrier in the state.
Awards.
Archives of PITT OHIO's awards from 2009-2013 can be found on their website..

</doc>
<doc id="18347755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347755" title="2008 ILF Men's U-19 World Lacrosse Championship">
2008 ILF Men's U-19 World Lacrosse Championship

The 2008 International Lacrosse Federation Under–19 World Lacrosse Championships (U–19's) was held at Percy Perry Stadium in Coquitlam, British Columbia from July 3 to July 12. The event was sponsored by the International Lacrosse Federation. This lacrosse tournament is held about every four years, and teams are composed of players that are under the age of nineteen.
This was the last major event to be sponsored by the ILF. In August 2008, the ILF merged with the former governing body for international women's lacrosse, the International Federation of Women's Lacrosse Associations, to form the Federation of International Lacrosse (FIL). Future Under–19 championships will be sponsored by FIL.
The United States won the gold medal, the silver medal winners were Canada and the bronze medal went to the Iroquois Nationals.
Teams.
The 2008 tournament saw twelve nations competing in the championship. Teams were split into two division: the elite "Blue Division" and the "Red Division" consisting of nations where lacrosse is still developing. The tournament consisted of round robin play within a team's division, where each team played every team in its division once. Round robin play established seedings for the following series of single elimination play-in games to compete in the "placing" or semi-final round.
The Blue Division was composed of the following six elite teams: the United States had won each of the International Lacrosse Federation's Under-19 World Lacrosse Championship tournaments since its inception in 1988, Canada led by head coach Gary Gait, Iroquois Nationals, this Native American team is only sanctioned to compete in lacrosse internationally, the up and coming England team, Australia, who won the bronze medal in 2003, and Japan, who moved up to the Blue Division after going undefeated in the Red Division in 2003.
The Red Division included three nations making their first appearance in an Under–19 World Lacrosse Championship tournament. Bermuda, Finland, and Scotland are making their first appearance in the tournament. The nations of Wales and South Korea are making their second appearances in the Under-19 World Lacrosse Championship. Germany is also participating, but was granted a waiver by the ILF to field a team consisting of Under-21 year olds.
Round Robin results.
"WPct. = Winning Percentage, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, P.I.M. = Penalty Minutes, PPG= Points per Game"
The round robin portion of the tournament determined seeding for the semi-finals and the placing games. The top two teams in the Red Division are awarded automatic semi-final berths, while the third and fourth seeded teams from the Red Division meet up with the first and second seeded teams from the Blue Division, respectively, in a semi-final "play-in game.
The round robin portion of the tournament saw two teams go undefeated in their divisions. In the Red Division, the United States defeated all five oppenants in their division to gain the top seed in the semifinals. In the Blue Division, Germany won its five round robin games. Prior to this tournament, Germany had never won an international U-19 contest.
In the Red Division there were a number of highly contested games. Canada defeated the Iroquois Nationals in a close game 15–12. England defeated Australia in an overtime game 12–11.
The United States earned one of the automatic semi-final berths by winning the division, while Canada earned the second spot based on it 4–1 record. The remaining two semi-finals spots were earned by a series of Play-in game.
The "play-in games" featured the top-ranked Blue Division Germany team facing up against Team England. The English defeated Germany 16–2. The Iroquois Nationals met Team Scotland, and were victorious with a final score of 28–2. The Iroquois Nationals advanced to the semifinals.
Semi-finals.
The July 10 semifinals saw the United States face England, and the Iroquois Nationals face Team Canada. The United States defeated England 25–5, extending their all-time Under-19 tournament record to 35-0. Team Canada defeated the Iroquois Nationals 23–12 on the play of attacker Mark Cockerton (son of Hall of Famer Stan Cockerton) who scored five goals in the contest.
Finals.
In the bronze medal game, Iroquois Nationals defeated England.

</doc>
<doc id="18347777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347777" title="Benton County Courthouse (Indiana)">
Benton County Courthouse (Indiana)

Benton County Courthouse is a Second Empire style building in Benton County, Indiana that was built in 1874.
It was nominated for listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008,[http://www.in.gov/dnr/historic/11841.htm] and it was listed on the National Register on August 1 of that year.
There was a previous Benton County Courthouse that was built in 1855 but was torn down in 1873.
History.
Benton county was formed in 1840. After a long struggle, the seat was moved to Fowler in 1874.
The current Benton County Courthouse, located in Fowler, was designed by Gordon P. Randall of Chicago and built in 1874 by Levi L. Leach at a cost of $62,257. The new courthouse was an impressive building from an architectural standpoint, but also provided much-needed improvements in security, including large fire-proof vaults. Randall had designed the Marshall County courthouse a few years earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="18347788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347788" title="Truncated tetrahedral prism">
Truncated tetrahedral prism

In geometry, a truncated tetrahedral prism is a convex uniform polychoron (four-dimensional polytope). This polychoron has 10 polyhedral cells: 2 truncated tetrahedra connected by 4 triangular prisms and 4 hexagonal prisms. It has 24 faces: 8 triangular, 18 square, and 8 hexagons. It has 48 edges and 24 vertices.
It is one of 18 uniform polyhedral prisms created by using uniform prisms to connect pairs of parallel Platonic solids and Archimedean solids.

</doc>
<doc id="18347792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347792" title="Eremurus">
Eremurus

Eremurus is a genus of 35-40 deciduous perennial flowers, also known as the foxtail lilies or desert candles. The inflorescence looks similar to a long spike or a bottlebrush. It consists of many flowers in copper, bright yellow, snow white, pastel pink, orange or any combination of those colors. The leaves grow in tufts of thin, green, straplike strips. Species are known for thick roots that grow out from a central hub. It is also known for being tall, sometimes rising up to 10 feet over the foliage, depending on the variety. These plants are generally native to western and central Asia, although "Eremurus thiodanthus" is endemic to the Crimea.
Cultivation.
"Eremurus" is hardy to USDA Zones 5-7. In addition to the species named below, hybrids are sold, such as 'Cleopatra'. The octopus-like tuberous roots are easily injured; planting on a cone of soil, with the crown on the peak and the roots hanging down, is recommended. Plants are readily affected by winter root rot, so that a layer of sand or gravel beneath is recommended to ensure drainage. Covering with compost or mulch provides protection from frost.

</doc>
<doc id="18347803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347803" title="Andrew Dewar Gibb">
Andrew Dewar Gibb

Andrew Dewar Gibb (Gaelic: Aindrea Mac an Deòir MacIlleBhrìghde; 13 February 1888 - 24 January 1974) was a Scottish politician, barrister and professor.
Born in Paisley, Gibb studied at the University of Glasgow, graduating in arts in 1910 and law in 1913.
Legal and academic career.
Following graduation, Gibb first became a member of the Scottish bar in 1914 and, following service in the Royal Scots Fusiliers during World War I, became a member of the English bar in 1919. After the war, he practised law in England and held posts as a lecturer in Scots law at the University of Cambridge (appointed in 1929) and as a lecturer in English law at the University of Edinburgh (appointed in 1931). In 1934, he was appointed Regius Professor of Law at the University of Glasgow, and from 1937 to 1939 and 1945 to 1947 was Dean of the University's Law Faculty. In 1947, Gibb became a King's Counsel, and from 1955 to 1957 he was the Chairman of the Saltire Society. He retired from his professorship in 1958.
Political career.
During the 1920s, Gibb was an active Unionist Party politician and stood unsuccessfully for Parliament. However, in the 1930s he became a Scottish nationalist, initially as a member of the Scottish Party. In 1934, he became a founder member of the Scottish National Party (SNP). He was the second leader of the SNP, serving from 1936 until 1940. He stood for the party in the Combined Scottish Universities by-election, 1936, taking 31.1% of the vote and second place in the poll, but was less successful at the 1938 by-election, his share falling to 18.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="18347804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347804" title="Cape Carysfort">
Cape Carysfort

Cape Carysfort is a headland in the north east of East Falkland between Macbride Head and Volunteer Point. Lochhead Pond is behind it. In 1921 it was the site of the shipwreck of "SS Guvernøren", a whale oil tanker which, under its former name "SS Imo", had been involved in the massive 1917 explosion that caused severe damage to Halifax Harbour in Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="18347817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347817" title="Newton County Courthouse (Indiana)">
Newton County Courthouse (Indiana)

The Newton County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in Kentland, Indiana, United States. In 2008, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The original Newton County was formed by statute on February 7, 1835, and was a roughly square area some 30 miles on a side, encompassing what is now the northern half of the county, the northern half of Jasper County, and a large section to the north. The northern border was cut back to the Kankakee River on February 1, 1836, with all land north of the Kankakee River going to Lake and Porter counties. The county was abolished and combined with Jasper County in 1839. On December 8, 1859 the county was recreated and the borders were redrawn to essentially their current state.

</doc>
<doc id="18347863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347863" title="2008–09 Slovenian Second League">
2008–09 Slovenian Second League

The 2008-09 Slovenian Second League season started on 10 August 2008 and ended on 24 May 2009. Each team played a total of 26 matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18347885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347885" title="Taulihawa">
Taulihawa

Kapilvastu (Nepali: कपिलवस्तु), formerly Taulihawa, is a municipality and seat of Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. The city is located within the historical Kapilvastu area. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census it had a population of 27,170 people. The Tauleshwor Nath Temple is a devotional spot for Hindus.Populous number of Hindu devotee come here for worshipping Lord Shiva on Maha Shivaratri.
It is located at 27°31'60N 83°2'60E with an altitude of 92 metres (305 feet) on Nepal's southern border across from Khunwa, Uttar Pradesh state, India. There is a customs checkpoint for goods. Movement of Indian and Nepalese nationals across the border is unrestricted.

</doc>
<doc id="18347889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347889" title="Serious (Luther Allison album)">
Serious (Luther Allison album)

Serious is an album by American blues guitarist Luther Allison, released in 1987 on the Blind Pig label.
Track listing.
All songs by Luther Allison, unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18347890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347890" title="Białowieża (disambiguation)">
Białowieża (disambiguation)

Białowieża is a village in Podlaskie Voivodeship (eastern Poland).
Białowieża may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18347892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347892" title="Hog Island, Falkland Islands">
Hog Island, Falkland Islands

Hog Island is the second largest island in Berkeley Sound, Falkland Islands.
During the August 1833 events in nearby Port Louis, the surviving members of Luis Vernet's colony sought refuge on the nearby Hog Island to escape the murderous gang of Antonio Rivero, and they regularly sent their boat to neighbouring Long Island for food supplies to bring cattle, pigs, and geese.

</doc>
<doc id="18347898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347898" title="Kumar Bose">
Kumar Bose

Kumar Bose (born 4 April 1953) is an Indian tabla maestro and composer of Indian classical music. Bose belongs to the Benaras Gharana style of tabla playing. Having honed his skills under the tutelage of the legendary Pandit Kishan Maharaj, Pandit Bose rose to prominence with his flamboyant performances with Pandit Ravi Shankar. In addition to his musical abilities, Bose is also an awarded sportsman, a carrom champion, and fluently speaks four languages. In a career spanning more than four decades,Pandit Kumar Bose has established himself as one of the leading exponents of the tabla and an internationally recognised face in the world of Indian Classical Music. He received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 2007.
Family.
Bose was born in Kolkata in a musical family. His father was Biswanath Bose, a distinguished tabla player who taught his son to play his first beat of rhythm. 
His mother Bharati Bose was an eminent sitarist and disciple of the great Dabir Khan and Ali Akbar Khan Bharati received several awards in her career, including recognition as an All India Radio Artist and the President's Award for Best Sitar Performance in 1956. She guided her son with the basic forms of classical music and helped him to groom himself as a professional tabla player. 
His brothers are also noted musicians, who keep a traditional, thorough and vigorous training regime. His brother Acharya Jayanta Bose is an internationally reputed composer, lyrist, harmonium soloist and singer, while his brother Debojyoti Bose is a noted sarod player and music director.
Music career.
Bose's first teacher was his father. After his father’s untimely death, he was taught by Kishan Maharaj (1923–2008), a highly respected musician.
Bose has been applauded for evolving a distinctive style of his own without diluting the purity of tradition. Bose has elevated the tabla as a musical instrument in its own right, both through solo performances as a main artist and through his accompaniment of others. Bose has been devoted to the classic tabla for 35 years without interruption and is considered one of the most powerful players alive.
Instruments.
A master percussionist, Bose plays several other drums besides the tabla which include the sri-khole, the pakhwaj, the dholak, the nal, and the banga-kanga. However, it is the unusual way that he plays the bnaya that has brought him attention. He plays the bass drum-like instrument with his right hand, although he plays the tabla with his left. Though he is right-handed, he picked up this practice by sitting across from and mirroring his father from early childhood.
Performances.
Bose gave his first public performance at the age of 4. By 14, he performed abroad and has played at almost every major music hall in the world since. He has performed at the Royal Albert Hall and the Barbican Centre in London, the Kremlin in Moscow, the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts and Carnegie Hall in New York, and at various venues throughout India.He also has the distinction of having performed for Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles as an accompanist to Pandit Ravi Shankar. 
He has the rare distinction of highly-acclaimed performances with Zubin Mehta's Philharmonic Orchestra and participation in several symphony orchestras conducted by Ravi Shankar, Yehudi Menuhin, and Arnovich in England, Italy, China, Russia and the United States.
Collaborations.
In addition to a 10 year exclusive tour as the tabla accompanist to Ravi Shankar from 1984 to 1994, he has performed and composed with musicians globally. Over the past 40 years, he has also performed and recorded in duets with his guru. From the Benaras Gharana, he has played with Girija Devi, Rajan and Sajan Mishra, Kanthe Maharaj, and Kishan Maharaj. 
While he has collaborated with leaders in jazz, pop and rock, it was his duet with Iranian thumba player Professor Semurani that drew praise. Bose's collaborations have given an international reputation as a great musician.
Tradition.
Of the six established tabla gharanas or schools of tabla playing, the Benares Gharana, of which Bose belongs, has been the most staunch in its refusal to compromise the traditions when moving into more lucrative contemporary fusions. While criticized decades ago for his rigidity and refusal to adapt modern fusion and film music, Bose is now credited with preserving classical musical style and philosophy. He has kept the tradition of the Benares Gharana by subtly balancing the warm bass tones of the bayan with the higher-pitched crisp tones and syncopations of the dayan. Many of Bose's compositions have been written to accompany the rhythmical movements of kathak dancers and are a specialty of the Benares tradition. 
Bose currently conducts private lessons in the style of his mentors. He conducts classes daily with students from age 3 to 35 at his home in North Calcutta. He is known for maintaining high standards for his students, emphasizing the importance devoted practice and other aspects of the tradition. His high profile students also includes the likes of the Mumbai-based tabla player Shyama Prasad Das.
Recordings.
Bose has produced or performed on over 200 recordings in several genres, while staying true to his classical Indian lineage. The first live international recording of his solo "Virtuosity" was released through the Darbar Festival 2006 in London. The album includes some rare gems from the archives of the Benares repertoire, including the compositions of Ram Sahai, who founded the gharana at the beginning of the nineteenth century. Toward the end of the album, Bose demonstrates one of his specialities: playing a variety of cross rhythms on the dayan with his right hand while simultaneously holding down a fast repetitive beat on the bnaya with his left hand. The Times reviewed the performance, declaring him "the best tabla player in the world today."
Personal life.
Kumar Bose is married to Kaberi Bose, a classical singer and they have a daughter Trisha Bose, a vocalist.
Discography.
CDs released are

</doc>
<doc id="18347901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347901" title="Białowieża, Tuchola County">
Białowieża, Tuchola County

Białowieża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347907" title="Bielska Struga">
Bielska Struga

Bielska Struga () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347914" title="Bladowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bladowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bladowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 330.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347916" title="Bladowo-Wybudowanie">
Bladowo-Wybudowanie

Bladowo-Wybudowanie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347921" title="Borki, Tuchola County">
Borki, Tuchola County

Borki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347925" title="Brody, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Brody, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Brody is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347933" title="Dąbrówka, Tuchola County">
Dąbrówka, Tuchola County

Dąbrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347938" title="Dziekcz">
Dziekcz

Dziekcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 51.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347939" title="Fojutowo">
Fojutowo

Fojutowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347941" title="Connecticut Historical Society">
Connecticut Historical Society

The Connecticut Historical Society (CHS) is the official state historical society of Connecticut. Established in Hartford in 1825, the CHS is one of the oldest historical societies in the nation.
The Connecticut Historical Society is a non-profit museum, library, archive and education center. Its mission is to inspire and foster a lifelong interest in history through exhibitions, programs and Connecticut-related collections. The CHS houses a research center containing 270,000 artifacts and graphics and over 100,000 books and pamphlets. It has one of the largest costume and textile collections in New England.
History.
In 1825, the Connecticut General Assembly was presented a petition signed by Connecticut citizens including Thomas Robbins, John Trumbull, Thomas Day, and William W. Ellsworth stating the importance of creating a society for preserving historical materials.
After approval from the General Assembly, the Connecticut Historical Society was created to collect objects related to the history of the United States, specifically Connecticut. The first elected officers were Trumbull, Day, Robbins, Thomas Church Brownell and Walter Mitchell.
With the rise in prominence of Hartford in the 1820s, the Society's committee decided to house its first meetings in the city. Yet despite a flurry of activity, the Society became inactive after 1825 and it was not until 1839 when new interest regained. The first official quarters for the CHS was over a store at 124 Main Street in Hartford.
The CHS' new ideals and direction were spearheaded by educationalist Henry Barnard, who recommended that the Society enroll members from around the state, encouraged a history and genealogy magazine and retrieved speakers for lectures who could address groups throughout Connecticut.
With its growing collection of books, pamphlets and objects, the CHS moved its home to a room in the newly built Wadsworth Athenaeum in 1843. By 1844, the collection of Society grew to 6,000 pamphlets, 250 bound volumes of newspapers, manuscripts, coins, portraits and furniture. New officers were elected including David D. Field. The CHS appointed Thomas Robbins as its first librarian because of his extensive book collection and antiquarian expertise.
Under Robbins' tenure, the new quarters were open six days a week and interpretive tours of objects were given. Some early objects in the collection were a chest of William Brewster, a tavern sign of General Israel Putnam and a bloodstained vest worn by Colonel William Ledyard at the Battle of Groton Heights. After the death of Robbins in 1856, Connecticut historians James Hammond Trumbull and Charles J. Hoadly contributed to the CHS through various published research and lectures. The first woman elected in the organization was Ellen D. Larned in 1870.
In 1893, the Society hired Albert Carlos Bates as a full-time librarian and it was under his tenure that membership doubled, the annual income increased five-fold and the collection grew. To accommodate the growth, the CHS purchased the house of inventor Curtis Veeder at Elizabeth Street in the West End of Hartford. Alterations to the building in the 1950s-1970s included the addition of book stacks, auditorium, exhibition galleries and reading room.
In the early 2000s, the CHS hired Bruce Mau and Frank Gehry to design a new museum near Trinity College, but lack of funds prevented the project from happening. From 2003 to 2007, CHS operated the Old State House and created a permanent exhibit "History Is All Around Us".
Exhibits.
Permanent exhibits include "Making Connecticut", about the history of Connecticut, and "Inn & Tavern Signs". There are also galleries for temporary exhibitions.
Recent exhibit topics include women and needlework, the Kellogg brothers lithography firm, women's basketball, the Amistad, a history of cleanliness, the Civil War and Eliphalet Chapin, an 18th-century furniture maker.

</doc>
<doc id="18347943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347943" title="Huby, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Huby, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Huby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 56.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347945" title="Jaty">
Jaty

Jaty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347948" title="Jesionowo">
Jesionowo

Jesionowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18347952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347952" title="Jesionowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jesionowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jesionowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347954" title="Kiełpin">
Kiełpin

Kiełpin may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18347957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347957" title="Kiełpin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kiełpin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kiełpin (, 1942–1945 "Kelpen") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 820.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347960" title="Kiełpin-Wymysłowo">
Kiełpin-Wymysłowo

Kiełpin-Wymysłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347963" title="Końskie Błota">
Końskie Błota

Końskie Błota is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347968" title="Koślinka">
Koślinka

Koślinka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18347972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347972" title="Koślinka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Koślinka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Koślinka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347973" title="USS James (SP-429)">
USS James (SP-429)

USS "James" (SP-429) — also known as USS "W. T. James" (SP-429) — was a steam trawler acquired by the United States Navy during World War I. She was converted into an armed minesweeper and assigned to the European Theater, where she performed varied tasks, including minesweeping, patrolling, and escorting of larger ships in convoy. In 1919, while returning to the United States, she was severely damaged in a storm off the French coast, and sank. Her crew was rescued.
A Menhaden fisherman.
"W. T. James" — a "Menhaden fisherman" built in 1912 at Wilmington, Delaware by Harlan and Hollingsworth — operated out of the Virginia waterways over the next five years of her service as a trawler before becoming required for the World War I war effort. She was acquired by the Navy in the spring of 1917 from the Taft Fish Company, of Tappahannock, Virginia; ordered delivered on 1 April; and accepted on 28 May for service as a minesweeper.
Under the terms of General Order #314, issued in late July 1917, her name was officially shortened to "James", but her original name," W. T. James", also continued in use, at least informally. The erstwhile fishing craft was commissioned in the 5th Naval District on 10 August 1917, Ensign E. R. Burr, USNRF, in command.
World War I service.
Outfitted as a minesweeper.
Later in 1917, "James" was refitted for minesweeping. Designated SP-429, "James" was fitted out for "distant service" at the Norfolk Navy Yard and, near the end of August, departed the Tidewater area, bound for Boston, Massachusetts. There, with other sister ships which had made the passage from Hampton Roads, Virginia, "James" prepared for the voyage to European waters.
Assigned to the European coast.
Accordingly, after shifting from Boston to Provincetown, Massachusetts on 25 August, "James" got underway for the Azores two days later, on the first leg of the Atlantic Ocean crossing. Reaching Ponta Delgada, Azores on 6 September, "James" and her sister ships remained for five days, awaiting the tardy arrival of coal and water. On 11 September, the group departed the Azores on the last leg of the passage.
Disbanded as a mine squadron almost immediately after arriving at Brest, France on 18 September, the vessels of the group soon were busy escorting convoys into and out of port. Between these missions, they spent long weeks awaiting delivery of winches and French minesweeping gear. In November, the mine squadron was reconstituted under the command of Captain Thomas P. Magruder. "James", among the second group to be fitted out for minesweeping service, soon shifted to Lorient, France, where she would base for the remainder of the war.
From Lorient, "James" not only conducted minesweeping operations but covered coastal convoys, cleared important passages near Belle Île, undertook night antisubmarine patrols using her crude listening gear, and assisted vessels in distress in her area. In July 1918, "James " and two sister ships swept a minefield south of Belle Isle and, despite the heavy weather in which the ships were forced to operate, accomplished their mission in such exemplary fashion that the three mine vessels received commendations from Vice Admiral Aubry, the French "Prefet Maritime". During this operation, "James" cut out four mines in the space of 17 minutes.
Damaged in a storm at sea.
"James" remained in European waters through the winter of 1918-1919. She departed Brest on 27 April 1919, bound for the U.S., but soon began encountering "boisterous weather" with increasing north westerly winds and a choppy sea. At 14:22, the escort commander — in — ordered the group to return to Brest.
When it became evident that "James" was taking on more water than usual, she was directed to proceed to Brest without delay. Unfortunately, the "Menhaden fisherman" worked so much that her seams opened, allowing water to flood the engine rooms and affect the boiler fires — an occurrence that severely limited the ship's capacity to deal with the rising flood waters.
"James" — her predicament grave — signaled the nearby and for aid. The former closed swiftly and unsuccessfully attempted to take the foundering minecraft in tow. The tug managed to get a towline across to "James" the following morning and towed the ship for about 20 minutes before the line parted.
"James" sinks.
By that point, the heavy seas were nearly swamping the ship. "Marietta" closed as close as was practicable in the gale and put over a line. Rigging up a ferry arrangement with a liferaft from "James", the trawler's entire crew reached safety on board the gunboat by shortly after 08:00 on 28 April. Two hours later, "James" sank, off Armen Light.

</doc>
<doc id="18347979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347979" title="Lasek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Lasek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Lasek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347982" title="Legbąd">
Legbąd

Legbąd is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 470.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347986" title="Lipce, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Lipce, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Lipce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18347987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347987" title="Andrew Gibb">
Andrew Gibb

Andrew Gibb may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18347993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18347993" title="Łosiny, Gmina Tuchola">
Łosiny, Gmina Tuchola

Łosiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348000" title="Lubierzyn">
Lubierzyn

Lubierzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348003" title="Mała Komorza">
Mała Komorza

Mała Komorza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348006" title="English Chilean">
English Chilean

English Chileans (Spanish: "Anglochilenos") are citizens of Chile who are descended from English people who have emigrated. They are estimated to number 700,000 (4% of the national population).
Since the Port of Valparaíso opened its coasts to free trade in 1811, the English began to congregate in Valparaíso. The first to arrive brought with them tools, articles of china, wool and cotton, with instructions to return with copper and hemp. This was the first exchange of what would become a deep-rooted commercial relationship between the UK and Chile.
In the Valparaíso they constructed their largest and most important colony, bringing with them neighborhoods of English character, schools, social, sports clubs, business organizations and periodicals. This influence is apparent in unique areas of Chilean society today, such as the bank and the national marina, as well as in certain social activities popular in the country, such as football, horse racing, and drinking tea.
The English eventually numbered more than 32,000 during the port of Valparaíso's boom period during the saltpeter bonanza at the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th centuries. The British colonial influence is important to understanding the boom and bust of the port of Valparaíso.
The English colony was also important in the northern zone of the country during the saltpeter boom, in the ports of Iquique and Pisagua. The "King of Saltpeter", John Thomas North, was the principal backer of nitrate mining. The English legacy was reflected in the streets of the historic district of the city of Iquique, with the foundation of various institutions, such as the Club Hípico (Racing Club). Nevertheless, said presence came to an end with the saltpeter crisis during the 1930s.
An important contingent of English immigrants also settled in the present-day region of Magallanes. In the same way, they established English families in other areas of the country, such as Santiago, Coquimbo, the Araucanía, and Chiloé.
Notable people.
Australian prime minister Chris Watson was born in Valparaiso to British and German-Chilean parents.

</doc>
<doc id="18348007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348007" title="Mały Mędromierz">
Mały Mędromierz

Mały Mędromierz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 480.

</doc>
<doc id="18348010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348010" title="Mrowiniec">
Mrowiniec

Mrowiniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348012" title="Na Polach">
Na Polach

Na Polach is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 47.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348017" title="Nad Bladówkiem">
Nad Bladówkiem

Nad Bladówkiem is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348019" title="Nad Kanałem">
Nad Kanałem

Nad Kanałem is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348022" title="Nadolna Karczma">
Nadolna Karczma

Nadolna Karczma is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 53.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348024" title="Kinross services">
Kinross services

Kinross services is a motorway service station near Kinross, Scotland. The service station is located next to the M90 motorway and is accessed using motorway junction 6 in both the northbound and southbound directions. It is owned by Moto.
It is the most northerly motorway service station in the United Kingdom.
History.
The services opened in 1982.
In 2011 it was announced that Moto planned to demolish and rebuild the services, with new access via a roundabout.
Facilities.
The following facilities can be found at Kinross:

</doc>
<doc id="18348026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348026" title="Nadolnik">
Nadolnik

Nadolnik may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348032" title="Nadolnik, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Nadolnik, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Nadolnik () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 53.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348036" title="Niwki">
Niwki

Niwki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348040" title="Niwki, Tuchola County">
Niwki, Tuchola County

Niwki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348041" title="Lü Qin">
Lü Qin

Lü Qin ("Chinese": 吕钦) is one of the world's best players in xiangqi, or Chinese chess.
Lü was born in Huiyang, Guangdong Province, China, in 1962.[http://www.stqiyuan.com/m_player_view.asp?id=0002] He is one of a number of xiangqi grandmasters from Guangdong Province, which is notable for being the birthplace of many famed grandmasters such as Yang Guanli, Cai Furu and Xu Yinchuan. Lü's major achievements in xiangqi include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18348046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348046" title="Nowa Tuchola">
Nowa Tuchola

Nowa Tuchola () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
Geographical location.
Nowa Tuchola lies approximately south of Tuchola, south-east of Chojnice and north of Bydgoszcz.
History.
The village has emerged from a rural colony founded on the terrain of a former crown-land type of farm steading administered by the Prussian royal domain office of Tuchel () which around 1789 controlled four domains and 123 villages. The foundation of the village dates back to the last quarter of the 18th century; already at that time the village had also a Jewish school. In a list of all towns and villages of Prussia compiled around 1849, the settlement of Neu-Tuchel is described as a `village of parcel owners´ ().
The history of the village is similar to the history of the neighbouring town of Tuchel. Around the end of the third quarter of the 19th century both places belonged to Kreis Konitz in the administrative district of Regierungsbezirk Marienwerder of the German Province of Prussia. In 1863 and 1869 the competent land-registry office was located in Tuchel. Because of population growth in Prussia, in 1875 the new Kreis Tuchel was formed, of which Neu-Tuchel became part. In 1878 the Province of Prussia was sub-divided into the Province of West Prussia and the Province of East Prussia, and since then the village belonged to West Prussia. In 1894 the county court and post office appertaining to Neu-Tuchel were located in Tuchel.
Until 1920 Neu-Tuchel belonged to Kreis Tuchel in Regierungsbezirk Marienwerder of the Province of West Prussia.
When on January 10, 1920, the regulations of the Treaty of Versailles became effective, Neu-Tuchel together with Kreis Tuchel became part of the Second Polish Republic. In 1939 the region was annexed by Germany's Third Reich, and on November 26, 1939, Neu-Tuchel together with Kreis Tuchel were integrated into the newly formed Reichsgau West Prussia – later on Reichsgau Danzig-West Prussia – in the new administrative district of Regierungsbezirk Bromberg.
Second World War and thereafter.
According to a Polish source, at the beginning of World War II a massacre was committed in Neu-Tuchel.
During the German Invasion of Poland in 1939, members of German minority from Selbstschutz on 30 September murdered 48 people in the village, including two Poles and 46 Jews. The vicitms were collected also from neighbouring villages. Among the Germans following names were identified: Helmut Bratsch, Hans Briske, Walter Klos, Kurt Merten-Feddler and Willy Müller. Concerning the same incident, according to another source, in connection with suspicion of arson at least 45 Poles were killed on 24 October, i.e. more than two weeks after the campaign had ended on October 6, 1939.
After the end of the war the village was put under the administration of the People's Republic of Poland and integrated under its Polish name "Nowa Tuchola" into the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship.
Parish.
In 1868 the Catholics of Neu-Tuchel belonged to the catholic parish of Tuchel, and the Protestants belonged to the Protestant parish of Tuchel.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348051" title="Ostrów, Tuchola County">
Ostrów, Tuchola County

Ostrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348058" title="Parcele Legbądzkie">
Parcele Legbądzkie

Parcele Legbądzkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348064" title="Pod Komorzą">
Pod Komorzą

Pod Komorzą is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348070" title="Pod Lasem, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Pod Lasem, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Pod Lasem is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 31.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348073" title="Raciąski Młyn">
Raciąski Młyn

Raciąski Młyn () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 16.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348078" title="Raciąż, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Raciąż, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Raciąż () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 756.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348081" title="Raciąż-Piaski">
Raciąż-Piaski

Raciąż-Piaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348084" title="Radonek">
Radonek

Radonek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348086" title="Rzepiczna">
Rzepiczna

Rzepiczna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348090" title="Andi language">
Andi language

Andi is a Northeast Caucasian language belonging to the Avar–Andic branch spoken by about 5,800 ethnic Andi (2010). There are four dialects, Munin, Rikvani, Kvanxidatl, and Gagatl, which appear quite divergent. Speakers generally use Avar or Russian as their literary language(s).

</doc>
<doc id="18348091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348091" title="Słupy, Tuchola County">
Słupy, Tuchola County

Słupy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348096" title="Stegny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Stegny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Stegny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348102" title="Stobno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Stobno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Stobno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz. It is located to the southwest of Lake Stobno.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348104" title="Szosa Bydgoska">
Szosa Bydgoska

Szosa Bydgoska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 135.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348107" title="Szosa Sępoleńska">
Szosa Sępoleńska

Szosa Sępoleńska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 38.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348108" title="2007 German Open – Singles">
2007 German Open – Singles

12th seeded Serbian Ana Ivanovic was the champion, after edging 3rd seeded Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova in a thrilling last set tie-break in the finals.
Nadia Petrova was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals to Svetlana Kuznetsova.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18348112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348112" title="Tajwan, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Tajwan, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Tajwan is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. People live there. It lies approximately north of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz, on the southern bank of Lake Stobno. Stobno lies to the southwest.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348116" title="Trzcionek">
Trzcionek

Trzcionek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 29.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348121" title="Wielka Komorza">
Wielka Komorza

Wielka Komorza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348124" title="Wiśniówka">
Wiśniówka

Wiśniówka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348127" title="Wiśniówka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wiśniówka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wiśniówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 66.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348131" title="Woziwoda">
Woziwoda

Woziwoda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348137" title="Wybudowanie Raciąskie">
Wybudowanie Raciąskie

Wybudowanie Raciąskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 19.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348139" title="Wysocki Młyn">
Wysocki Młyn

Wysocki Młyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348140" title="Wysoka, Gmina Tuchola">
Wysoka, Gmina Tuchola

Wysoka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348143" title="Wysoka Wieś, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wysoka Wieś, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wysoka Wieś () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348144" title="Za Jeziorem">
Za Jeziorem

Za Jeziorem ("behind the lake") is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348150" title="Zielona Łąka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Zielona Łąka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Zielona Łąka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348151" title="Zielonka, Gmina Tuchola">
Zielonka, Gmina Tuchola

Zielonka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348168" title="Soul Fixin' Man">
Soul Fixin' Man

"Soul Fixin' Man" is an album by American blues guitarist Luther Allison, released in 1994 by Alligator Records. It is also known as "Bad Love". Some editions have a different track listing.

</doc>
<doc id="18348170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348170" title="Bieszewo">
Bieszewo

Bieszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348177" title="Błądzim, Tuchola County">
Błądzim, Tuchola County

Błądzim is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348178" title="Chlorine production">
Chlorine production

This article presents the industrial and laboratory methodologies to prepare elemental chlorine.
Gas extraction.
Chlorine can be manufactured by electrolysis of a sodium chloride solution (brine). The production of chlorine results in the co-products caustic soda (sodium hydroxide, NaOH) and hydrogen gas (H2). These two products, as well as chlorine itself, are highly reactive. Chlorine can also be produced by the electrolysis of a solution of potassium chloride, in which case the co-products are hydrogen and caustic potash (potassium hydroxide). There are three industrial methods for the extraction of chlorine by electrolysis of chloride solutions, all proceeding according to the following equations:
Overall process: 2 NaCl (or KCl) + 2 H2O → Cl2 + H2 + 2 NaOH (or KOH)
Mercury cell electrolysis.
Mercury cell electrolysis, also known as the Castner-Kellner process, was the first method used at the end of the nineteenth century to produce chlorine on an industrial scale. The "rocking" cells used have been improved over the years. Today, in the "primary cell", titanium anodes (formerly graphite ones) are placed in a sodium (or potassium) chloride solution flowing over a liquid mercury cathode. When a potential difference is applied and current flows, chlorine is released at the titanium anode and sodium (or potassium) dissolves in the mercury cathode forming an amalgam. This flows continuously into a separate reactor ("denuder" or "secondary cell"), where it is usually converted back to mercury by reaction with water, producing hydrogen and sodium (or potassium) hydroxide at a commercially useful concentration (50% by weight). The mercury is then recycled to the primary cell.
The mercury process is the least energy-efficient of the three main technologies (mercury, diaphragm and membrane) and there are also concerns about mercury emissions.
It is estimated that there are still around 100 mercury-cell plants operating worldwide. In Japan, mercury-based chloralkali production was virtually phased out by 1987 (except for the last two potassium chloride units shut down in 2003). In the United States, there will be only five mercury plants remaining in operation by the end of 2008. In Europe, mercury cells accounted for 43% of capacity in 2006 and Western European producers have committed to closing or converting all remaining chloralkali mercury plants by 2020.
Diaphragm cell electrolysis (Bipolar).
In diaphragm cell electrolysis, an asbestos (or polymer-fiber) diaphragm separates a cathode and an anode, preventing the chlorine forming at the anode from re-mixing with the sodium hydroxide and the hydrogen formed at the cathode. This technology was also developed at the end of the nineteenth century. There are several variants of this process: the Le Sueur cell (1893), the Hargreaves-Bird cell (1901), the Gibbs cell (1908), and the Townsend cell (1904). The cells vary in construction and placement of the diaphragm, with some having the diaphragm in direct contact with the cathode.
The salt solution (brine) is continuously fed to the anode compartment and flows through the diaphragm to the cathode compartment, where the caustic alkali is produced and the brine is partially depleted. As a result, diaphragm methods produce alkali that is quite dilute (about 12%) and of lower purity than do mercury cell methods.
Diaphragm cells are not burdened with the problem of preventing mercury discharge into the environment; they also operate at a lower voltage, resulting in an energy savings over the mercury cell method, but large amounts of steam are required if the caustic has to be evaporated to the commercial concentration of 50%.
Membrane cell electrolysis.
Development of this technology began in the 1970s. The electrolysis cell is divided into two "sections" by a cation permeable membrane acting as an ion exchanger. Saturated sodium (or potassium) chloride solution is passed through the anode compartment, leaving at a lower concentration. Sodium (or potassium) hydroxide solution is circulated through the cathode compartment, exiting at a higher concentration. A portion of the concentrated sodium hydroxide solution leaving the cell is diverted as product, while the remainder is diluted with deionized water and passed through the electrolysis apparatus again.
This method is more efficient than the diaphragm cell and produces very pure sodium (or potassium) hydroxide at about 32% concentration, but requires very pure brine.
Other electrolytic processes.
Although a much lower production scale is involved, electrolytic diaphragm and membrane technologies are also used industrially to recover chlorine from hydrochloric acid solutions, producing hydrogen (but no caustic alkali) as a co-product.
Furthermore, electrolysis of fused chloride salts (Downs process) also enables chlorine to be produced, in this case as a by-product of the manufacture of metallic sodium or magnesium.
Other methods.
Before electrolytic methods were used for chlorine production, the direct oxidation of hydrogen chloride with oxygen or air was exercised in the Deacon process:
This reaction is accomplished with the use of copper(II) chloride (CuCl2) as a catalyst and is performed at high temperature (about 400 °C). The amount of extracted chlorine is approximately 80%. Due to the extremely corrosive reaction mixture, industrial use of this method is difficult and several pilot trials failed in the past. Nevertheless, recent developments are promising. Recently Sumitomo patented a catalyst for the Deacon process using ruthenium(IV) oxide (RuO2).
Another earlier process to produce chlorine was to heat brine with acid and manganese dioxide.
Using this process, chemist Carl Wilhelm Scheele was the first to isolate chlorine in a laboratory. The manganese can be recovered by the Weldon process.
Small amounts of chlorine gas can be made in the laboratory by putting concentrated hydrochloric acid in a flask with a side arm and rubber tubing attached. Manganese dioxide is then added and the flask stoppered. The reaction is not greatly exothermic. As chlorine is denser than air, it can be easily collected by placing the tube inside a flask where it will displace the air. Once full, the collecting flask can be stoppered.
Another method for producing small amounts of chlorine gas in a lab is by adding concentrated hydrochloric acid (typically about 5M) to sodium hypochlorite or sodium chlorate solution.
Potassium permanganate can be used to generate chlorine gas when added to hydrochloric acid.
Industrial production.
Large-scale production of chlorine involves several steps and many pieces of equipment. The description below is typical of a membrane plant. The plant also simultaneously produces sodium hydroxide (caustic soda) and hydrogen gas. A typical plant consists of brine production/treatment, cell operations, chlorine cooling & drying, chlorine compression & liquefaction, liquid chlorine storage & loading, caustic handling, evaporation, storage & loading and hydrogen handling.
Brine.
Key to the production of chlorine is the operation of the brine saturation/treatment system. Maintaining a properly saturated solution with the correct purity is vital, especially for membrane cells. Many plants have a salt pile which is sprayed with recycled brine. Others have slurry tanks that are fed raw salt.
The raw brine is partially or totally treated with sodium hydroxide, sodium carbonate and a flocculant to reduce calcium, magnesium and other impurities. The brine proceeds to a large clarifier or a filter where the impurities are removed. The total brine is additionally filtered before entering ion exchangers to further remove impurities. At several points in this process, the brine is tested for hardness and strength.
After the ion exchangers, the brine is considered pure, and is transferred to storage tanks to be pumped into the cell room. Brine, fed to the cell line, is heated to the correct temperature to control exit brine temperatures according to the electrical load. Brine exiting the cell room must be treated to remove residual chlorine and control pH levels before being returned to the saturation stage. This can be accomplished via dechlorination towers with acid and sodium bisulfite addition. Failure to remove chlorine can result in damage to the cells. Brine should be monitored for accumulation of both chlorate anions and sulfate anions, and either have a treatment system in place, or purging of the brine loop to maintain safe levels, since chlorate anions can diffuse through the membranes and contaminate the caustic, while sulfate anions can damage the anode surface coating.
Cell room.
The building that houses the many electrolytic cells is usually called a cell room or cell house, although some plants are built outdoors. This building contains support structures for the cells, connections for supplying electrical power to the cells and piping for the fluids. Monitoring and control of the temperatures of the feed caustic and brine is done to control exit temperatures. Also monitored are the voltages of each cell which vary with the electrical load on the cell room that is used to control the rate of production. Monitoring and control of the pressures in the chlorine and hydrogen headers is also done via pressure control valves.
Direct current is supplied via a rectified power source. Plant load is controlled by varying the current to the cells. As the current is increased, flow rates for brine and caustic and deionized water are increased, while lowering the feed temperatures.
Cooling and drying.
Chlorine gas exiting the cell line must be cooled and dried since the exit gas can be over 80°C and contains moisture that allows chlorine gas to be corrosive to iron piping. Cooling the gas allows for a large amount of moisture from the brine to condense out of the gas stream. Cooling also improves the efficiency of both the compression and the liquefaction stage that follows. Chlorine exiting is ideally between 18°C and 25°C. After cooling the gas stream passes through a series of towers with counter flowing sulfuric acid. These towers progressively remove any remaining moisture from the chlorine gas. After exiting the drying towers the chlorine is filtered to remove any remaining sulfuric acid.
Compression and liquefaction.
Several methods of compression may be used: liquid ring, reciprocating, or centrifugal. The chlorine gas is compressed at this stage and may be further cooled by inter- and after-coolers. After compression it flows to the liquefiers, where it is cooled enough to liquefy. Non condensible gases and remaining chlorine gas are vented off as part of the pressure control of the liquefaction systems. These gases are routed to a gas scrubber, producing sodium hypochlorite, or used in the production of hydrochloric acid (by combustion with hydrogen) or ethylene dichloride (by reaction with ethylene).
Storage and loading.
Liquid chlorine is typically gravity-fed to storage tanks. It can be loaded into rail or road tankers via pumps or padded with compressed dry gas.
Caustic handling, evaporation, storage and loading.
Caustic, fed to the cell room flows in a loop that is simultaneously bled off to storage with a part diluted with deionized water and returned to the cell line for strengthening within the cells. The caustic exiting the cell line must be monitored for strength, to maintain safe concentrations. Too strong or too weak a solution may damage the membranes. Membrane cells typically produce caustic in the range of 30% to 33% by weight. The feed caustic flow is heated at low electrical loads to control its exit temperature. Higher loads require the caustic to be cooled, to maintain correct exit temperatures. The caustic exiting to storage is pulled from a storage tank and may be diluted for sale to customers who require weak caustic or for use on site. Another stream may be pumped into a multiple effect evaporator set to produce commercial 50% caustic. Rail cars and tanker trucks are loaded at loading stations via pumps.
Hydrogen handling.
Hydrogen produced may be vented unprocessed directly to the atmosphere or cooled, compressed and dried for use in other processes on site or sold to a customer via pipeline, cylinders or trucks. Some possible uses include the manufacture of hydrochloric acid or hydrogen peroxide, as well as desulfurization of petroleum oils, or use as a fuel in boilers or fuel cells. For example, in Porsgrunn the byproduct is used for the hydrogen fueling station at Hynor.
Energy consumption.
Production of chlorine is extremely energy intensive. Energy consumption per unit weight of product is not far below that for iron and steel manufacture and greater than for the production of glass or cement.
Since electricity is an indispensable raw material for the production of chlorine, the energy consumption corresponding to the electrochemical reaction cannot be reduced. Energy savings arise primarily through applying more efficient technologies and reducing ancillary energy use.

</doc>
<doc id="18348182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348182" title="Błądzim-Dworzec">
Błądzim-Dworzec

Błądzim-Dworzec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348185" title="Scottish Chilean">
Scottish Chilean

Scottish Chileans are Chileans of Scottish descent who came from Scotland and in some cases, Scots-Irish people from Northern Ireland. A large proportion of Scottish Chileans are sheep farmers in the Magallanes region of the far south of the country, and the city of Punta Arenas has a large Scottish foundation dating back to the 18th century.
A famous Scot, Thomas, Lord Cochrane (later 10th Earl of Dundonald) formed the Chilean Navy to help liberate Chile from Spain in the independence period. Chile has developed a strong diplomatic relationship with Great Britain and to further invite more British settlers to the country in the 19th century.
The Chilean government land deals invited settlement from Scotland and Wales in its southern provinces in the 1840s and 1850s. The number of Scottish Chileans is still higher in Patagonia and Magallanes regions.
"The Mackay School", in Viña del Mar is an example of a school set up by Scottish Chileans. The Scottish and other British Chileans are primarily found in higher education as well in economic management and the country's cultural life. 
Easter Island.
Scottish Chileans also played a prominent role in the annexation of Easter Island/Rapa Nui by Chile.
The Williamson-Balfour Company, a Scottish Chilean firm, controlled many aspects of island life, and in 1903 they created a subsidiary, Compania Explotadora de la Isla de Pascua (CEDIP), up until it was handed over to the Chilean Navy.
Scottish Chilean communities.
There is the Gran Santiago metropolitan region; followed by the towns of Antofagasta, Chillan, Concepcion, Coquimbo, Iquique, Osorno, Puerto Aisen, Puerto Montt, Valdivia, Valparaíso and Viña del Mar.

</doc>
<doc id="18348186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348186" title="Brzozie, Tuchola County">
Brzozie, Tuchola County

Brzozie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 200, varav hälften utav dom är små svarta invandrarbarn.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348187" title="Cekcyn">
Cekcyn

Cekcyn is a village in Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Cekcyn. It lies approximately east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 1,710.
Cekcyn is the picturesque village in the middle of 'Bory Tucholskie' Region. Around the buildings there are few lakes with the biggest one - Wielkie Jezioro Cekcyńskie. The word 'bory' means woods riddled with conifers, mainly pines. And visitors admit the pine forests are everywhere around. 
One of the most recognizable building in the centre is a church. This Neogothic church was erected in 1869.
During summer vacation there is a very important event for the whole community.It is the holiday of administrative district Cekcyn, which has become a new tradition, and the way to promote this village. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348189" title="Cekcynek">
Cekcynek

Cekcynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 290.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348196" title="Dębowiec, Tuchola County">
Dębowiec, Tuchola County

Dębowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348198" title="Gołąbek">
Gołąbek

Gołąbek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18348201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348201" title="Broken Island">
Broken Island

Broken Island is one of the Falkland Islands, in Byron Sound, due north of West Falkland.
Geography and geology.
The island gains its name from its terrain which contains many bays, and inlets. It has a central portion in a circular shape, with one spit extending to the west, and another to the east, in twisted fashion. It is shaped like and S on its side.
There are a number of small islets off it.
It is due south of Pebble Island and east of Golding Island.

</doc>
<doc id="18348202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348202" title="Gołąbek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gołąbek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gołąbek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348204" title="Robbie Busscher">
Robbie Busscher

Robert "Robbie" Busscher (; born 23 November 1982 in Leidschendam) is a former professional footballer who now plays futsal for FC Tutor.
Career.
As a youngster Busscher played for Feyenoord and appeared for the Netherlands at U19 level. In 2001 he secured a move to English club Grimsby Town, joining on a free transfer along with fellow Feyenoord youngster Ronald Ermes. Busscher featured once for Grimsby, coming on as a substitute for fellow countryman Menno Willems in the 89th minute of a 1–0 victory over West Bromwich Albion at The Hawthorns.
If chances were limited under Lennie Lawrence, they were non-existent under new manager Paul Groves. Busscher and Ermes were released in January 2002. The pair returned to Holland and signed with SC Feyenoord an amateur sister club connected to Feyenoord.
Busscher now plays Futsal for FC Tutor Delft in his home country.

</doc>
<doc id="18348206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348206" title="Huta, Tuchola County">
Huta, Tuchola County

Huta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Cekcyn, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348207" title="Iwiec">
Iwiec

Iwiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Cekcyn, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 550.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348211" title="Jelenia Góra, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jelenia Góra, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jelenia Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348218" title="Karpaty, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Karpaty, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Karpaty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Cekcyn, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348221" title="Kiełpiński Most">
Kiełpiński Most

Kiełpiński Most is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348223" title="Knieja">
Knieja

Knieja may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348224" title="Knieja, Tuchola County">
Knieja, Tuchola County

Knieja is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348225" title="Jaleswor">
Jaleswor

Jaleswar () is a municipality in Janakpur Zone, Nepal and is the headquarters of Mahottari District. It is located in the Terai at an altitude of 53 metres (177 feet) and has about 23,533 inhabitants (2011). It is on the border with India at Sursand, Bihar and has a customs checkpoint.
Media.
To Promote local culture Jaleswor has three Community radio Stations. They are Radio Appan Methila - 94.4 MHz, Radio Rudraksha - 103.4 MHz and Jaleshwor Nath F.M. - 90.4 MHz.

</doc>
<doc id="18348230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348230" title="Irish Chilean">
Irish Chilean

Irish Chileans (in Spanish: "Irlandés-chileno" or "Hibernochileno", Irish: "Gael-Sileánach") are the inhabitants of Chile who either came from some part of the island of Ireland or are descendants of immigrants from there. Generally coming in the 18th century and early 19th century, the generally Catholic Irish were seeking refuge from the oppression of the Protestant-run government of the Kingdom of Great Britain. Spain, being a Catholic power, enticed many Irish to move to Latin America. Immigration reduced later in the 19th century as Catholic Emancipation made emigration to a Catholic nation less of a vital consideration and as the United States and Canada established themselves as more viable lands for settlement.
A large proportion of Irish Chileans are sheep farmers in the Magallanes region of the far south of the country, and the city of Punta Arenas has a large Irish foundation dating back to the 18th century. 
The most notable Irish Chilean, Bernardo O'Higgins is often referred to as the "Father of Chile", and is commemorated in many places in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="18348232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348232" title="Kosowo, Tuchola County">
Kosowo, Tuchola County

Kosowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Cekcyn, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348236" title="Kowalskie Błota">
Kowalskie Błota

Kowalskie Błota is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348238" title="Kruszka">
Kruszka

Kruszka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348241" title="Kruszka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kruszka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kruszka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Cekcyn, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348244" title="Krzywogoniec">
Krzywogoniec

Krzywogoniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348247" title="Lisiny">
Lisiny

Lisiny may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348249" title="Lisiny, Gmina Cekcyn">
Lisiny, Gmina Cekcyn

Lisiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348254" title="Łosiny, Gmina Cekcyn">
Łosiny, Gmina Cekcyn

Łosiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348259" title="Lubiewice, Gmina Cekcyn">
Lubiewice, Gmina Cekcyn

Lubiewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiweo
, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348260" title="Leptolinae">
Leptolinae

Leptolinae (or Leptolina) are a subclass of the Hydrozoa Class (biology) in the cnidarian phylum. They contain the bulk of the paraphyletic "Hydroida" which were one of the main groupings of the Hydrozoa in older classifications and were placed at order rank. They also include, however, the highly advanced colonial jellies of the Siphonophora, which were not included in the "Hydroida".
Systematics.
Some sources (e.g. ITIS) use the younger alternate names Hydroidolina or Hydroidomedusa for Leptolina(e).
SUBCLASS LEPTOLINAE
Other classifications.
Other hydrozoan classifications, which are beset by paraphyly however, are also often seen. They do not unite the Leptolinae in a monophyletic taxon and thus do not have any merit according to modern understanding of hydrozoan phylogeny.
The traditional 19th-century system had the Leptominae dispersed among the following taxa:
A very old classification that is sometimes still seen had them in:
The system used by Animal Diversity Web uses:
Catalogue of Life uses:

</doc>
<doc id="18348261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348261" title="Lubińsk">
Lubińsk

Lubińsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348263" title="Ludwichowo, Gmina Cekcyn">
Ludwichowo, Gmina Cekcyn

Ludwichowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348265" title="Anna Persson">
Anna Persson

Anna Persson (born February 22, 1986) is a Swedish orienteering competitor and junior world champion.
She became Junior World Champion in the "relay" in Gdansk in 2004, together with Elina Skantze and Helena Jansson, and received
an individual gold medal in the "middle distance" in Tenero in 2005. She received silver medals in the "relay event" in 2005 and in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18348266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348266" title="Madera, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Madera, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Madera is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348268" title="Akhvakh people">
Akhvakh people

The Akhvakhs (also known as Akhwakh, Akhvakhtsy or G'akhevalal; "ахвахцы" in Russian) are one of the Andi–Dido peoples of Daghestan and have their own language. They call themselves Atluatii or Ashvado. Prior to 1930 Soviet ethnologists considered them to be a distinct ethnic group. Since that time they have often been classified as Avars.
The Akvakh live between the Avar and Andi Rivers. In 1926 they numbered 3,683. The Akhvakhs are mainly Sunni Muslims. They face continued assimilation by the Avars. By the early 1990s it was estimated that about 8,000 people were Akhvakh, although this number includes those who have been fully assimilated as Avars but still recognize that they have Akhvakh ancestry.

</doc>
<doc id="18348273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348273" title="Mała Huta, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Mała Huta, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Mała Huta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348279" title="Małe Budziska">
Małe Budziska

Małe Budziska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348281" title="Małe Gacno">
Małe Gacno

Małe Gacno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348285" title="Mikołajskie">
Mikołajskie

Mikołajskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348286" title="Nowy Sumin">
Nowy Sumin

Nowy Sumin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348288" title="Okiersk">
Okiersk

Okiersk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348289" title="Okoninek">
Okoninek

Okoninek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348293" title="Ostrowo, Tuchola County">
Ostrowo, Tuchola County

Ostrowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348294" title="Francis Fox Tuckett">
Francis Fox Tuckett

Francis Fox Tuckett FRGS (10 February 1834 – 20 June 1913) was an English mountaineer. He was vice-president of the Alpine Club from 1866 to 1868, and a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society.
Life and family.
Tuckett was born in 1834 at the Old House, Frenchay Common, near Bristol, the eldest child of Francis and Mariana Tuckett. 
His father, Francis Tuckett of Frenchay (1802–1868), was a world traveller as well as a leather merchant, horticulturalist, social reformer, philanthropist and Quaker. Himself the son of Philip Debell Tuckett (1749–1816), Francis Tuckett married Mariana Fox (1807–1863), a daughter of Robert Were Fox the Elder (1754–1818) and a member of the notable Fox family of Falmouth, on 29 March 1833. Francis Tuckett was in Naples when he died in 1868.
Tuckett's grandfather Robert Were Fox the Elder was a Quaker ship broker and business man in Cornwall, while his uncle Robert Were Fox the Younger (1789–1877) was a geologist and natural philosopher who became a Fellow of the Royal Society.
Francis Fox Tuckett was the eldest of five children, and his parents' only son. His eldest sister Elizabeth Fox Tuckett, born in 1835, died young, and his other sisters were a second Elizabeth Fox (1837), followed by Mariana Fox (1839) and Charlotte Fox (1842).
Tuckett entered his father's business as a leather factor and was also a gentleman farmer all of his life, taking two to three months off each year for alpine exploration. In 1882, his business, under the name of 'Tuckett and Rake', was at 18 & 20, Victoria Street, Bristol, and was described as 'Leather, Valonia, and Raw Hide factors'. 
On 17 January 1896, at the age of 62, Tuckett married Alice Fox while he was in New Zealand.
He died in 1913 at his birthplace, the Old House, Frenchay Common, and was buried at the Friends' Meeting House in Frenchay.
Alpinism.
Tuckett was one of the main figures of the Golden age of alpinism, making the ascent of 269 peaks and the crossing of 687 passes. In "Scrambles amongst the Alps" Edward Whymper called Tuckett "that mighty mountaineer, whose name is known throughout the length and breadth of the Alps". Geoffrey Winthrop Young called Tuckett's approach to climbing "encyclopaedic".
His first trip to the Alps was in 1842 in the company of his father. They went to Chamonix and he explored the Mer de Glace. 
On 18 June 1859 he made the first ascent of the Aletschhorn in the Swiss Alps together with the guides Johann Joseph Bennen, Peter Bohren and V. Tairraz. Here he showed his passion for scientific observation, making barometric calculations during the climb and on the summit in the teeth of a strong gale. Of the scene at the summit he wrote:
In 1861, Tuckett tested a prototype Alpine sleeping bag. Within a few years he had perfected a bag design which consisted of blanket material with rubber-coated fabric on the underside.
He pioneered exploration within the Dauphiné Alps in the French Alps, in 1862 making the first crossings of the col des Ecrins, the col du Sélé and the col du Glacier Blanc in the Massif des Écrins with the guides Michel Croz, Peter Perren and Bartolommeo Peyrotte. He also made an attempt, with the same party, on the highest mountain in the range, the unclimbed Barre des Ecrins. In Tuckett's own words:
According to Whymper, Tuckett "halted before the Pointe des Ecrins the Barre was then called, and, dismayed by its appearance, withdrew his forces to gather less dangerous laurels elsewhere". The expedition did have the benefit, however, of " some light on the Ecrins".
Tuckett was also one of the first alpinists to explore the Dolomites in Italy; in 1864, together with Douglas William Freshfield, he traversed the Pale di San Martino group in eastern Trentino, crossing the San Martino Dolomites for the first time, a feat which astonished the mountaineering world as they had no maps and little equipment, relying on skill and intuition. In Trentino, the names of Tuckett, Freshfield, John Ball, and Edward Robson Whitwell are remembered as the pioneers who put the Dolomites on the map. In 1871, in the Brenta Dolomites, Tuckett, with Freshfield and guide Devouassou climbed the Cima Brenta (3,150 m) via the Vedretta di Brenta Superiore on the west side; at the time this peak was thought to be the highest summit in the range. The Rifugio Tuckett above Madonna di Campiglio, situated at an altitude of 2,272 metres in the Brenta Dolomites, is named after him, as is the "Bocca del Tuckett" (2,648 m), a pass between two steep, rocky peaks that may be seen from the hut. 
In the Bernina Range in Italy and Switzerland, Tuckett and E. N. Buxton made the first crossing of the "Fuorcla dal Zupò", the "fairly difficult" pass between Piz Zupò and Piz Argient, together with guides Peter Jenny, Christian Michel and Franz Biner on 28 July 1864; on the same day, with the same party, he made the first crossing of the Fuorcla Crast' Agüzza. In the same range Tuckett and F. A. Y. Brown made the first ascent of the south ridge (or "Spallagrat") of Piz Bernina together with guides Christian Almer and Franz Andermatten on 23 June 1866. This is today the normal route up the mountain.
His sister Charlotte wrote that "He kept himself in good training for his beloved pursuit of mountaineering by his daily walks to and from Bristol, five miles each way. He used to get home for six and for more years than I can say, the institution existed of an apple tart served with his tea".
Another sister, Elizabeth, who was a traveller, writer and artist in her own right, illustrated her "Alpine Journal" with sketches. One is of the first ascent of the Cimon della Pala by Edward Robson Whitwell in 1870.
Collector and antiquarian.
A Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society and a member of the British Association for the Advancement of Science, on his travels Tuckett built up a collection of objects which by 1917 had been donated to the Pitt Rivers Museum at Oxford.
As a member of the Clifton Antiquarian Club, Tuckett published antiquarian papers in its Proceedings, including "Notes of ancient Norwegian wooden churches" (1888) and "Notes on ancient Egyptian methods of hewing, dressing, sculpturing and polishing stone" (1889).
Author.
Tuckett's "A Pioneer in the High Alps: Alpine Diaries and Letters of F. F. Tuckett, 1856–1874" was published posthumously in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="18348296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348296" title="Piła-Młyn">
Piła-Młyn

Piła-Młyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348298" title="Sidney Loeb">
Sidney Loeb

Sidney Loeb (1917–2008) made reverse osmosis (RO) practical by developing, together with Srinivasa Sourirajan, semi-permeable anisotropic membranes. The invention of the "practical reverse osmosis membrane " revolutionized the concept of water desalination. Loeb invented the power generating process "pressure retarded osmosis" (PRO)--making accessible a rich previously unknown source of green energy, and a method of producing power by a reverse electrodialysis (RED) heat engine, among other inventions in related fields. The production of energy by PRO and RED, among others, is sometimes called "osmotic power."
Loeb was born in Kansas City, Missouri in 1917. He studied chemical engineering at the University of Illinois, Chicago. After working in industry for 20 years, he earned his M.Sc. (1959) and Ph.D. (1964) degrees from the University of California at Los Angeles. It was in the course of his M.Sc. thesis research that the Loeb-Sourirajan membrane breakthrough was achieved. 
In 1967 Loeb came to Beersheva to teach RO technology at the Negev Institute for Arid Zone Research, later incorporated into the Institutes for Applied Research of the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev (BGU). Loeb later accepted a half time teaching and half time research position as Professor of Chemical Engineering at the newly established BGU. For 15 years at BGU, Loeb carried out research and taught membrane processes, desalination, and other subjects. It was at BGU that Loeb invented pressure retarded osmosis and a method of producing power by a reverse electrodialysis heat engine.

</doc>
<doc id="18348299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348299" title="Plaskorz">
Plaskorz

Plaskorz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348304" title="East Point, Virginia">
East Point, Virginia

East Point is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18348305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348305" title="Pustelnia">
Pustelnia

Pustelnia may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348306" title="Akhvakh">
Akhvakh

Akhvakh (or alternatively Akhwakh) could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18348307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348307" title="Pustelnia, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Pustelnia, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Pustelnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348309" title="Rudzki Młyn">
Rudzki Młyn

Rudzki Młyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348312" title="Sarnówek">
Sarnówek

Sarnówek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18348314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348314" title="Jutøya">
Jutøya

Jutøya AS is a passenger ferry company that operates services from Tenvik in Nøtterøy and Engø in Sandefjord to the island of Veierland. The company was founded in 2000, and operates the ferry MF "Jutøya" on contract with Vestviken Kollektivtrafikk.

</doc>
<doc id="18348315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348315" title="Sarnówek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Sarnówek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Sarnówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348317" title="Siwe Bagno">
Siwe Bagno

Siwe Bagno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348321" title="Skrajna">
Skrajna

Skrajna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348323" title="Flag Pond Landing, Virginia">
Flag Pond Landing, Virginia

Flag Pond Landing is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18348324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348324" title="Sławno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Sławno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Sławno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348326" title="Sowiniec">
Sowiniec

Sowiniec may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348328" title="Sowiniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Sowiniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Sowiniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348332" title="Stary Sumin">
Stary Sumin

Stary Sumin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348336" title="Stary Wierzchucin">
Stary Wierzchucin

Stary Wierzchucin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348339" title="Suchom">
Suchom

Suchom is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348341" title="Świt, Gmina Cekcyn">
Świt, Gmina Cekcyn

Świt is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348342" title="Szczuczanek">
Szczuczanek

Szczuczanek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348348" title="Szklana Huta">
Szklana Huta

Szklana Huta may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348352" title="Szklana Huta, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Szklana Huta, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Szklana Huta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348353" title="Trzebciny">
Trzebciny

Trzebciny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348355" title="Daren Dochterman">
Daren Dochterman

Daren R. Dochterman (b. July 2, 1967) is an award-winning illustrator and set-designer for the silver screen. He illustrated for "Get Smart", "Rush Hour 3", "Monster House", "Poseidon", "Sky High", and ', and is otherwise credited with "The Chronicles of Riddick", "The Terminal", "Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas", "The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas", "The Nutty Professor", "Sleepless in Seattle", and James Cameron's "The Abyss". Dochterman has twice been a guest of honor at the science, science fiction, and fantasy convention, CONvergence. He shared a Video Premier Award for his visual effects in '. He was also a conceptual illustrator on the upcoming film "".

</doc>
<doc id="18348356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348356" title="Wielkie Budziska">
Wielkie Budziska

Wielkie Budziska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348360" title="Wielkie Gacno">
Wielkie Gacno

Wielkie Gacno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348363" title="Wielkie Koralskie Błota">
Wielkie Koralskie Błota

Wielkie Koralskie Błota is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348364" title="Wierzchlas">
Wierzchlas

Wierzchlas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18348365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348365" title="Passage Island, Falkland Islands">
Passage Island, Falkland Islands

Passage Island is one of Falkland Islands, in Byron Sound, to the "north" of West Falkland. It is not to be confused with the Passage Islands which are to the "west" of West Falkland. It is to the west of Golding Island

</doc>
<doc id="18348369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348369" title="Wierzchlas, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wierzchlas, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wierzchlas is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348371" title="Wierzchucin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wierzchucin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wierzchucin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348375" title="Wrzosowisko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wrzosowisko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wrzosowisko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348383" title="Wysoka, Gmina Cekcyn">
Wysoka, Gmina Cekcyn

Wysoka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348385" title="Zalesie, Tuchola County">
Zalesie, Tuchola County

Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348391" title="Zamarte, Tuchola County">
Zamarte, Tuchola County

Zamarte is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348396" title="Zdroje, Tuchola County">
Zdroje, Tuchola County

Zdroje is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Cekcyn, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348398" title="Zielonka, Gmina Cekcyn">
Zielonka, Gmina Cekcyn

Zielonka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 330.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348415" title="Never Smile at a Crocodile">
Never Smile at a Crocodile

Never Smile at a Crocodile is a song with music by Frank Churchill and lyrics by Jack Lawrence. The music is heard in the Walt Disney movie "Peter Pan", but not the lyrics. It is unclear whether it was ever intended to be featured in the film with lyrics.
The song (including with lyrics) was covered by other entertainers, including comedian Jerry Lewis and The Muppets. A cover performed by an unknown band was featured on the Disney Sing Along Songs video "Under the Sea".
The song including lyrics was performed on season 1 episode 3 of The Muppet Show
Related: The phrase 'never smile at the crocodile' is used in connection with the Mi-24 Hind helicopter.
Disney's Peter Pan.
The instrumental featured with Captain Hook hearing the ticking of the crocodile.
Under the Sea.
The song was featured from the Disney Sing Along Songs video "Under the Sea" with the scenes from the film.

</doc>
<doc id="18348416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348416" title="Bagienica">
Bagienica

Bagienica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Gostycyn, south of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 310.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348418" title="Chame">
Chame

Chame may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18348421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348421" title="Gostycyn">
Gostycyn

Gostycyn is a village in Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Gostycyn. It lies approximately south of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 1,800.

</doc>
<doc id="18348423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348423" title="Franklin City, Virginia">
Franklin City, Virginia

Franklin City is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia, United States.
Greenbackville and neighboring Franklin City grew as a result of the railroad line laid in the late 19th century to transport oysters and other shellfish from Chincoteague to Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New York City. However, during the course of the 20th century the Depression, the construction of the Chincoteague Causeway, and the nor'easter of 1962 all helped to erode Greenbackville's economic base.

</doc>
<doc id="18348424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348424" title="River Island, Falkland Islands">
River Island, Falkland Islands

River Island is one of the Falkland Islands. It is located in Byron Sound to the south of East Island and Pebble Island. There is a tidal island to its west, separated by a shallow lagoon.
Despite its name, River Island is actually a salt water island.

</doc>
<doc id="18348426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348426" title="Kamienica, Tuchola County">
Kamienica, Tuchola County

Kamienica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Gostycyn, south of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 640.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348427" title="J. P. Collas">
J. P. Collas

John Collas (usually known as J. P. Collas) (1911 – 13 August 1984) was Professor of French at Queen Mary College, London from 1953 to 1976. In his obituary, he was described as being "the principal Anglo-Norman scholar of the day" and "one of the leading philologists of his generation."
Collas was born in Guernsey in 1911 and was educated at Elizabeth College in St Peter Port before winning an exhibition to Jesus College, Oxford, where he obtained a B.A. degree in 1932. He conducted research into Norman-French, leading to a B.Litt. degree in 1934. He became a lecturer at Manchester University in 1936, moving to Glasgow University in 1937. He was a conscientious objector during the Second World War. After returning to Manchester University in 1946, he was appointed as Lecturer in French at Queen Mary College in 1947. He became professor and head of department in 1953, and remained at the college until his retirement in 1976, although he continued to carry out research in his retirement.
He came from a Guernsey family that spoke Guernésiais. He conducted research into Jèrriais, including Sercquiais – although this research was never completed, it was made available to other scholars in the field and the fieldwork papers are currently in the collection of the Priaulx Library in Guernsey. He studied Anglo-Norman from the Middle Ages onwards, working on the Anglo-Norman dictionary for twenty years, and developing a particular interest in Anglo-Norman law, publishing three volumes of Year Books from the time of King Edward II for the Selden Society. In his regard, he was consulted on one occasion by the Supreme Court of Canada. He also taught medieval French literature and, when called upon to do so, could teach topics in more modern fields such as Proust. He died in Dorset on 13 August 1984. His wife, Gaby Cassel, survived him.

</doc>
<doc id="18348432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348432" title="Blue House (album)">
Blue House (album)

Blue House is a blues album by Marcia Ball, it was released in 1994 by Rounder Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by Marcia Ball except as noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18348433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348433" title="Łyskowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Łyskowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Łyskowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gostycyn, south of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 390.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348445" title="Mała Klonia, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Mała Klonia, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Mała Klonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Gostycyn, south-west of Tuchola, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348446" title="Motyl (glider)">
Motyl (glider)

History and Development.
The Motyl (Polish:Butterfly) was an early Polish glider constructed by the Poznań Aviation Circle of the Heavy machinery School under the supervision of Michal Bohattrew. The Motyl was entered in the Second Polish Glider Contest, at Oksywie near Gdynia on the Baltic coast, with contest number 20, pilotted by Gorzke. The Motyl had a span of 10m (32ft 9¾in), length of 6.7m (22ft), wing area of 17m2 (183 ft2) and an aspect ratio of 5.9 with a plywood covered rectangular section fuselage. Little is known of its achievements or detail of the structure.

</doc>
<doc id="18348448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348448" title="Motyl, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Motyl, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Motyl is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Gostycyn, south of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 106.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348451" title="Graysville, Virginia">
Graysville, Virginia

Graysville is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348458" title="Piła, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Piła, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Piła is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gostycyn, south of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348460" title="DogTown">
DogTown

DogTown is a National Geographic Channel series set at the Best Friends Animal Sanctuary, a animal facility in southern Utah. It is a documentary-style program that profiles staff and volunteers as they care for dogs in need of homes. Many animals featured are severely abused or neglected or in need of specialized medical treatment. The goal is usually to secure each dog an adoptive home but if this is not possible, animals are cared for at the sanctuary for the remainder of their lives. 
The show first aired on January 4, 2008, and continued for four seasons. The final episode aired on March 12, 2010. By participating in the series, the sanctuary aimed to raise public awareness of issues in animal welfare as well as funds for their life-saving work. Best Friends Animal Society has credited the show with dramatically improving membership, volunteer, and visitor numbers, as well as helping secure homes for many dogs on the program.
Program Format.
Each episode typically features three cases. Veterinarians Mike Dix and Patti Iampietro treat dogs in need of medical care, while behavioral issues are addressed by trainers/behavioralists John Garcia, Pat Whitacre, Ann Allums, Michelle Besmehn and Sherry Woodard.
In addition to the four seasons released by National Geographic, Best Friends Animal Society released a DVD titled ""DogTown" Unleashed," providing updates on various dogs and a behind-the-scenes looks at "DogTown".
Michael Vick Dogs.
In its second season premiere, "DogTown" profiled the rehabilitation of four American pit bull Terriers rescued from the property of NFL player Michael Vick in April 2007. The dogs' placement with Best Friends was the subject of some controversy. Following their removal from the dogfighting compound both PETA and the Humane Society of the United States advocated the dogs be euthanized; a court ruling, however, allowed 22 of the most badly abused dogs to be placed at Best Friends for rehabilitation. Following their progress, one of the dogs, Georgia, went on to make media appearances with trainer John Garcia, including on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show".
The two-hour episode featuring the Vick dogs rated well, becoming the National Geographic Channel's highest rating Friday night premiere and highest rating second season premiere, in network history.
DVD Releases.
Most episodes are also available in two volumes on iTunes.

</doc>
<doc id="18348466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348466" title="Groton Town, Virginia">
Groton Town, Virginia

Groton Town is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348468" title="Pruszcz, Tuchola County">
Pruszcz, Tuchola County

Pruszcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Gostycyn, south of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 870.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348472" title="Przyrowa">
Przyrowa

Przyrowa may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348475" title="Wayne Radford (cricketer)">
Wayne Radford (cricketer)

Wayne Reginald Radford (born 29 August 1958) is a former cricketer. Born in Luanshya, Zambia, he played intermittently at first-class and List A level for Orange Free State, Boland, Eastern Transvaal and their successors Easterns, and (once) for Impalas. 
He is the brother of two other significant cricketers: Neal Radford and Glen Radford.

</doc>
<doc id="18348477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348477" title="Przyrowa, Tuchola County">
Przyrowa, Tuchola County

Przyrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Gostycyn, south-west of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348484" title="Świt, Gmina Gostycyn">
Świt, Gmina Gostycyn

Świt is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gostycyn, south of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348485" title="Paddy Gantly">
Paddy Gantly

Fr. Paddy Gantly (1919–2002) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling at various times with his local clubs Ardrahan in Galway and St. Finbarr's in Cork. Gantly also played with the Galway senior inter-county team from 1945 until 1949. He is regarded as one of Galway’s greatest-ever players.

</doc>
<doc id="18348486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348486" title="Battle of Salamis in Cyprus">
Battle of Salamis in Cyprus

Battle of Salamis in Cyprus may refer to two different battles: 

</doc>
<doc id="18348487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348487" title="Wielka Klonia">
Wielka Klonia

Wielka Klonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Gostycyn, south-west of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 470.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348491" title="Wielki Mędromierz">
Wielki Mędromierz

Wielki Mędromierz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348492" title="Akhvakh language">
Akhvakh language

The Akhvakh language (also spelled "Axvax, Akhwakh") is a Northeast Caucasian language from the Avar–Andic branch. Ethnologue lists 6500 speakers, but Magomedova and Abulaeva (2007) list 20,000 speakers of the language. Akhvakh has several dialects, though sources do not agree on the number. Ethnologue lists Kaxib, Northern Akhvakh and Southern Akhvakh (which can be further subdivided into the Tlyanub and Tsegob subdialects). Creissels (2010) lists Northern Akhvakh and three dialects of Southern Akhvakh (Cegob, Tljanub, and Ratlub). 
A few publications have been made in the Akhvakh language, but for the most part speakers of Akhvakh have adopted Avar as their literary language.
Grammar.
Agreement classes.
Akhvakh has three agreement classes. In the singular, these are human masculine, human feminine, and non-human. In the plural, there are only two—human plural and non-human plural. Akhvakh verbs agree with the absolutive argument (subject of an intransitive or object of a transitive.)
Consider the following examples, which show the general principles. In the first example, the intransitive verb 'run' shows feminine agreement because its subject, 'girl', is feminine. In the second example, the transitive verb 'cook' shows neuter agreement because its object, 'meat', is neuter. (Creissels 2010:114)
Note that in the second example, 'wife' is in the ergative case and appears to be the subject of both the verbs 'cook' and 'eat', but neither verb shows feminine agreement.
Cases.
Akhvakh has an ergative-absolutive case-marking system. As the following examples (repeated from above) show, the transitive subject has the ergative case, while an intransitive subject has absolutive case. Absolutive case is not overtly marked by a suffix, but the noun phrase with absolutive case controls agreement on the verb:
In addition to the ergative and absolutive cases, Akhvakh has eighteen other cases, for a total of twenty cases (Creissels 2010:108-9). The additional cases are

</doc>
<doc id="18348494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348494" title="Żółwiniec">
Żółwiniec

Żółwiniec may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348499" title="Grotons, Virginia">
Grotons, Virginia

Grotons is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348500" title="Żółwiniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Żółwiniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Żółwiniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348507" title="Paul Nussbaum">
Paul Nussbaum

Paul David Nussbaum is an American clinical neuropsychologist and an adjunct associate professor in Neurological Surgery at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. His major research areas are in Brain Health, Forensic Neuropsychology, Clinical Psychology, Health Care Policy and Aging, and Application of Brain Health. He received the Gloria Cavanaugh Award in 2007 from the American Society on Aging for career training and education in aging.
Education.
Nussbaum obtained his B.A. in Psychology in 1985 and his Master's degree in Clinical Psychology in 1987 at the University of Arizona. After completing his M.A., Nussbaum continued to the doctorate program and received his Ph.D in 1991. On the 45th Anniversary of University of Arizona, the university made Nussbaum an honorary alumnus of the class of 1991.
Career.
Nussbuam is a consultant in the area of Brain Health in corporate and associations programs, such as Alzheimer's Program Development, Assisted Living for Cognitively Impaired, Geriatric Continuum of Care, MetLife, International Center for Leadership in Education, and Memorial Hospital in South Bend. In addition, he is the Chief Scientific Officer and Co-founder of Vivity Labs, Inc. which runs Fit brains.

</doc>
<doc id="18348509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348509" title="Hacksneck, Virginia">
Hacksneck, Virginia

Hacksneck is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348517" title="High Woods, Virginia">
High Woods, Virginia

High Woods is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348519" title="Adamkowo">
Adamkowo

Adamkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Kęsowo, south-west of Tuchola, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348522" title="Bralewnica">
Bralewnica

Bralewnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kęsowo, south-west of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348523" title="Brzuchowo">
Brzuchowo

Brzuchowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kęsowo, south-west of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>
Many porn stars are located in this city.

</doc>
<doc id="18348529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348529" title="Drożdzienica">
Drożdzienica

Drożdzienica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kęsowo, south-west of Tuchola, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 380.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348530" title="Northern desert horned lizard">
Northern desert horned lizard

The northern desert horned lizard (Phrynosoma platyrhinos platyrhinos) is a subspecies of the desert horned lizard, along with the southern desert horned lizard ("P. p. calidiarum"). It is often referred to as a "horny toad" due to its wide body and blunt snout, but it is not a toad.
Description.
It ranges in size between from snout to vent, and can get to long including the tail. Like all horned lizards, it features horns on the back of its head and sharp scales on its back. Its color typically varies depending on the local environment, ranging from shades of red, brown, gray, and tan to match the color of the soil and/or rocks in which it resides. Adult males average smaller than females. It usually has a flat, ovular body to avoid prey seeing its shadow. 
Diet.
Its diet mostly consists of ants, but it will eat other insects and invertebrates, as well. Its typical hunting method involves digging itself into the sand, leaving only its head exposed, and waiting for prey to pass by. However, it will occasionally eat small plant matter and berries.
Behavior.
It enjoys basking in the sun in the morning and evening. When threatened, the lizard will shoot blood out of the corners of its eyes. However, this is mainly used in desperate emergencies, else it will try to run to the nearest bush it can find, dive in a rodent's burrow, or bury/shuffle into the sand like a shovel. If it is grabbed, it will swell, hiss, stab with its horns, and try to bite. If further provocation occurs, the blood-squirting starts.
Geographic distribution.
"P. p. platyrhinos" is native to the Great Basin Desert area of North America. It occurs primarily in Nevada, where its range covers most of the state, but its territory also extends into parts of Idaho, Utah, and Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="18348531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348531" title="Courtney Fortune">
Courtney Fortune

Courtney Fortune is an American singer/songwriter from Seattle, Washington. Her musical style is categorized as crossover jazz and pop, drawing upon a long list of vintage and modern influences. Her voice is often compared to singers like Peggy Lee, Eva Cassidy and Norah Jones.
Career.
“The proof is in her music,” One wrote of American singer/songwriter Courtney Fortune, “ delves into the bitterness of heartbreak with a distinctly nostalgic flair, a smooth homage to timeless jazz greats embellished with Fortune’s distinctive pop fusion.” A Seattle native, Courtney Fortune began cultivating her crossover style at an early age while performing at cabaret clubs and rock venues around town. She performed across Japan and the UK, before moving to Los Angeles, where she attended and graduated from the University of Southern California with a Bachelor of Science degree in Music Industry.
In 2009 Courtney met seven-time Grammy nominated producer/arranger Chris Walden. Together they released her debut jazz album “Speak Love”, driven by original work and those co-written with the celebrated composer. She also performed as the featured vocalist of the Grammy nominated Chris Walden Big Band. Courtney received the Brian Wilson Musical Achievement Award from the University of Southern California, as well as Glamour Magazine’s “Top Ten College Women of the Year” honor in 2009. In November 2013 she performed at TEDx in Manhattan Beach. And in January she will become the featured artist at the prestigious Mandarin Oriental Hotel in Hong Kong, for a three month residency engagement.
Courtney Fortune has been recognized by MTV, The John Lennon Foundation, GENLUX Magazine, and has performed alongside Garrison Keillor of A Prairie Home Companion. She is currently at work on her new EP of original music, set for release this year.

</doc>
<doc id="18348533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348533" title="Chame, Nepal">
Chame, Nepal

Chame () is the headquarters of Manang District in the Gandaki Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census it had a population of 1204 people living in 278 individual households. Manang District is the lowest populated district in Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="18348536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348536" title="Grochowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Grochowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Grochowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Kęsowo, north-west of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348540" title="Jeleńcz">
Jeleńcz

Jeleńcz may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18348546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348546" title="Jeleńcz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jeleńcz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jeleńcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kęsowo, south-west of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348547" title="Earlston High School">
Earlston High School

Earlston High School is a secondary school in Earlston, Scottish Borders. It serves Earlston, as well as the surrounding area. It is in the middle of Earlston, off the A68 road. 
A new school building was completed in 2009.
Catchment area.
Earlston High School accepts all pupils within a certain geographical area. Pupils from the areas below are offered free bus travel to and from the school (provided by Scottish Borders Council):
Pupils from these areas, where there are other high schools, can be accepted, but must pay for transport to the school:
New school.
A new Earlston High School has been built along with two other schools in the region. This is to cope with the rising student body and the limited space available. The new school building was designed by architects 3D Reid and built by Graham Construction, opening its doors to students in August 2009.
Primary school.
Earlston Primary School has strong links to Earlston High School, and adjoined the old main high school building.

</doc>
<doc id="18348549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348549" title="Kęsowo">
Kęsowo

Kęsowo is a village in Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kęsowo. It lies approximately south-west of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 790.

</doc>
<doc id="18348552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348552" title="Krajenki">
Krajenki

Krajenki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kęsowo, south-west of Tuchola, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348560" title="Mick King">
Mick King

Mick King (1905–1961) was a famous Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Castlegar and with the Galway senior inter-county team from 1923 until 1935. King is regarded as one of Galway's greatest-ever players.
Playing career.
Club.
King played his club hurling with his local club in Castlegar, however, he enjoyed little success. Although Castlegar are the most successful club in the Galway county championship, King had retired from hurling just one year before the club won their first county title.
Inter-county.
King first came to prominence on the inter-county scene with Galway in 1923. That year the county won the All-Ireland title for the first time, however, King was not a member of the team.
In 1924 Galway reached the All-Ireland final once again, however, King played no part in the defeat by Dublin.
In 1925 King had finally established himself on the team as Galway trounced Kilkenny by 9-4 to 6-0 in the All-Ireland semi-final to set up a championship decider with Tipperary. It was Galway’s third All-Ireland final in-a-row, however, Tipp got off to a great start with two quick goals. King’s side never recovered and lost the game by 5-6 to 1-5.
The next two seasons saw Galway face defeat in the All-Ireland semi-final; however, the team received special treatment in 1928. That year Galway got a bye into the All-Ireland final without even picking up a hurley. Cork were the opponents on that occasion and trounced King’s side by 6-12 to 1-0. 
King was off the team again in 1929 as Galway lost out to Cork in a second consecutive championship decider. This was Galway’s last appearance in the All-Ireland final until 1953, however, there was one final victory left in the team in the 1930-1931 National Hurling League. In the final of that competition Galway played Tipperary, the reigning All-Ireland champions. In a thrilling game Galway emerged victorious by 4-5 to 4-4. It was King’s sole National League title and his only major honour from inter-county activity.
After suffering a number of consecutive defeats in the All-Ireland semi-final, King retired from inter-county hurling in 1935.
King was posthumously named on the Galway Hurling Team of the Millennium in 2000. His inclusion on the team in the right wing-forward position marks him out as one of his county’s greatest-ever players.

</doc>
<doc id="18348563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348563" title="Christ the King Jesuit College Prep High School">
Christ the King Jesuit College Prep High School

Christ the King Jesuit College Preparatory School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Chicago, Illinois.
Background.
Christ the King Jesuit opened to Freshmen in August 2008. The first graduating class will be in 2012. It is part of the Cristo Rey Network of schools.

</doc>
<doc id="18348567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348567" title="Ludwichowo, Gmina Kęsowo">
Ludwichowo, Gmina Kęsowo

Ludwichowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kęsowo, south-west of Tuchola, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 42.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348569" title="Nowe Żalno">
Nowe Żalno

Nowe Żalno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kęsowo, north-west of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 790.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348574" title="Obrowo, Tuchola County">
Obrowo, Tuchola County

Obrowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. The village has a population of 160.
Geography.
Obrowo lies approximately north-west of Kęsowo, west of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
History.
Obrowo formed a part of Royal Prussia, which had seceded from Teutonic Prussia in 1466 following the Second Peace of Thorn. In 1569 Royal Prussia merged in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. In 1772 in the course of the First Partition of Poland the Kingdom of Prussia seized Obrowo, with most of Royal Prussia, as ratified by the Partition Sejm in 1773. In 1871 the Kingdom of Prussia merged in the German Empire. After World War I Obrowo became part of the Second Polish Republic following the Peace of Versailles. During World War II Nazi Germany occupied and annexed Obrowo. This unilateral act was reversed by Germany's defeat in 1945. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348577" title="Pamiętowo">
Pamiętowo

Pamiętowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kęsowo, south-west of Tuchola, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348579" title="Piastoszyn">
Piastoszyn

Piastoszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Kęsowo, west of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 560.

</doc>
<doc id="18348586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348586" title="Przymuszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Przymuszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Przymuszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kęsowo, south-west of Tuchola, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348592" title="Sicinki">
Sicinki

Sicinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Kęsowo, west of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348598" title="Siciny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Siciny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Siciny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kęsowo, west of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348601" title="Tuchółka">
Tuchółka

Tuchółka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kęsowo, south-west of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 248.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348609" title="Wieszczyce, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wieszczyce, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wieszczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kęsowo, south-west of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348610" title="2000–01 Scottish Challenge Cup">
2000–01 Scottish Challenge Cup

The 2000–01 Scottish Challenge Cup was the 10th season of the competition, which was also known as the Bell's Challenge Cup for sponsorship reasons. It was competed for by the 30 member clubs of the Scottish Football League. The defending champions were Alloa Athletic, who defeated Inverness Caledonian Thistle 5–4 on penalties in the 1999 final.
The final was played on 19 November 2000, between Airdrieonians and Livingston at Broadwood Stadium in Cumbernauld. Airdrieonians won 3–2 on penalties after a 2–2 draw after extra time, to win the tournament for the second time after winning it in 1994.
First round.
Hamilton Academical and Stenhousemuir received random byes into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="18348612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348612" title="Żalno">
Żalno

Żalno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kęsowo, west of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 851.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348616" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Ventura County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ventura County, California

This List of Registered Historic Places in Ventura County, California is intended to describe all 36 U.S. Registered Historic Places in Ventura County. The locations of RHPs whose latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".
See List of Registered Historic Places in California for other counties.

</doc>
<doc id="18348621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348621" title="Family Pride (TV series)">
Family Pride (TV series)

Family Pride was a short lived British soap opera produced by Central Television, which ran for two series from 1991-92. It was written by Mahmood Jamal and Barry Simmer and centred around the lives of three Asian families living in Birmingham. It was produced by Zia Mohyeddin, directed by Henry Foster and Faris Kermani, and first appeared on 30 June 1991.
The series was shown in the Midlands region on ITV and nationally on Channel 4.
Among the actors to have appeared in the series were Paul Henry, Rula Lenska and Zia Mohyeddin.

</doc>
<doc id="18348626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348626" title="Glen Radford">
Glen Radford

Glen Radford (born 27 February 1962) is a former cricketer. Born in Luanshya, Zambia, he played at first-class and List A level for Eastern Transvaal, Western Transvaal and WT's successor North West in the 1990s.
He is the brother of two other significant cricketers: Neal Radford and Wayne Radford.

</doc>
<doc id="18348629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348629" title="Bruchniewo">
Bruchniewo

Bruchniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Lubiewo, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 63.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348630" title="Brukniewo">
Brukniewo

Brukniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 28.

</doc>
<doc id="18348632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348632" title="Bysław">
Bysław

Bysław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Lubiewo, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
In 2002 the village had a population of 1,513.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348634" title="Mick Derivan">
Mick Derivan

Mick Dervan (born 1889 in Tynagh, County Galway) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Tynagh and with the Galway senior inter-county team in the 1920s. Dervan is regarded as one of Galway’s greatest-ever players.
Playing career.
Club.
Dervan played his club hurling with his local club in Tynagh and enjoyed much success. He won his first senior county title in 1920. Dervan added further county medals to his collection in 1922, 1923, 1925 and 1928.
Inter-county.
Dervan first came to prominence on the inter-county scene with Galway in the early 1920s. At the time Galway were unopposed in the Connacht Championship and had an easy passage to the All-Ireland semi-final every year. Dervan‘s side lost to Dublin and Limerick respectively in the All-Ireland semi-finals of 1920 and 1921.
In 1922 the Connacht championship was revived for the first time since 1917. That year Dervan collected a Connacht title as Galway defeated Roscommon in the provincial final. The men from the West were later defeated by Tipperary in the All-Ireland semi-final.
In 1923 Galway were unopposed n Connacht once again and went straight into the All-Ireland semi-final. Kilkenny, the All-Ireland champions of 1922, provided the opposition in that game, however, Galway emerged victorious by 5-4 to 2-0. For the first time since the inaugural championship in 1887 Galway had reached the All-Ireland final. Limerick, winners of the All-Ireland semi-final over Donegal, were the opponents, however, the team refused to play until all Civil War prisoners were released. Limerick were initially disqualified and the title awarded to Galway, however, the game eventually took place. Mick Gill’s tactic of dropping the sliothar into the square paid dividends as Galway won the game by 7-3 to 4-5. Not only was it Derivan’s first All-Ireland title but it was also the first time that the county had won the championship.
In 1924 Galway defeated Tipp by a single point to set up an All-Ireland final meeting with Dublin. Mick Gill, who had played with the Galway team for the previous championship, was now a key member of the Dublin team. Galway took an early lead but ‘the Dubs’ got back on level terms when Garrett Howard drove the ball and the Galway goalkeeper, Junior Mahony, into the net. Dublin also copied Galway’s tactic of dropping the sliothar into the goalmouth, thus securing a 5-3 to 2-6 victory.
In 1925 Galway trounced Kilkenny by 9-4 to 6-0 in the All-Ireland semi-final to set up a championship decider with Tipperary. It was Galway’s third All-Ireland final in-a-row, however, Tipp got off to a great start with two quick goals. Derivan’s side never recovered and lost the game by 5-6 to 1-5.
The next two seasons saw Galway face defeat in the All-Ireland semi-final, however, the team received special treatment in 1928. That year Galway got a bye into the All-Ireland final without even picking up a hurley. Cork were the opponents on that occasion and trounced Galway by 6-12 to 1-0. This defeat brought Derivan’s inter-county hurling career to an end.

</doc>
<doc id="18348635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348635" title="Bysławek">
Bysławek

Bysławek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Lubiewo, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 340.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348637" title="Cierplewo">
Cierplewo

Cierplewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Lubiewo, south of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348639" title="Search engine (disambiguation)">
Search engine (disambiguation)

A search engine is a term commonly used to refer to a web search engine.
Search engine may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18348641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348641" title="Klonowo, Tuchola County">
Klonowo, Tuchola County

Klonowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lubiewo, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
In 2002 the village had a population of 643.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348642" title="Narrow Island, Falkland Islands">
Narrow Island, Falkland Islands

Narrow Island is one of the Falkland Islands, in Byron Sound. It is between Golding Island and Middle Island, and to the west of East Island. As its name implies, it is slender, and extends for several miles east-west, while only being about 500 yards in width at is widest point. 

</doc>
<doc id="18348644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348644" title="Soundcast">
Soundcast

Soundcast Systems, Inc. is a privately funded company that creates wireless audio technologies for the consumer market. The company is headquartered in California, near San Diego.
Soundcast Systems is a producer of wireless audio transmission systems that overcome 2.4GHz band interference, and allow digital music to be listened to in stereo throughout the home.
Products.
The Soundcast product line has grown in stages since 2006. The first product, the AudioCast, was designed to create a bridge between an audio source and an audio speaker. With this creation came the G2 systems technology. Since then, the list of products has expanded by building on the G2 system first developed for the AudioCast. 
Some of the current products are:
Melody.
Melody streams music wirelessly and delivers omni-directional beautifully precise sound out of its 8-speaker bi-amped system with the latest Bluetooth® v3.0 technology. Some of its many features:
OutCast.
The OutCast is SoundCast Systems flagship product and perhaps the most well known of all their products. It is a weather-resistant, wireless speaker that lets you enjoy rich multi-directional stereo sound throughout the house, the yard, the patio and even on a boat/RV. With broadcast range of up to 300 feet, this powerful wireless speaker receives transmissions through walls, floors, and ceilings without the hassle of running wires.
OutCast Jr.
OutCast Jr. is a highly portable wireless speaker system that features multiple drivers, 3-amplifiers, a down-firing built-in subwoofer, volume/track control with Soundcast’s optional UAT and iCast transmitters – Pick it up, move it and listen to music anywhere! It's Weather-Resistant, plays on included rechargeable batteries up to 20 hours.
SurroundCast.
SurroundCast - a wireless rear or side speaker amplifier system. It consists of a transmitter with speaker level inputs and an amplified receiver module with 60 watts of digital power and speaker level outputs. The system allows you to set up any brand of surround speakers without the need for front to back of room wires. The system has a low latency (15 ms) and is a quick and easy installation. No programming, no fuss. Just great audio.
Note: SurroundCast is not compatible with any other Soundcast wireless products
SubCast.
An exciting alternative to WIRES! SubCast allows any subwoofer to play wireless. It is also a full range transmitter - receiver system. It will transmit 20-20K Hertz and can be used to support full audio, not just Low Frequency Effects. It is marketed as a Sub kit but has many more very flexible uses. There is latency adjustment to 64Ms for longer range applications. No programming, no assigning IP addresses, just plug Sub "out" into SubCast transmitter and power it up, then plug Receiver module into Subwoofer inputs and power it up.
Technology.
Soundcast forms a wireless bridge between an audio source like an MP3 player and an audio sound system with plug-n-play setup. Soundcast's audio products incorporate 2.4 GHz wireless technology. The Soundcast engineering team refined this wireless technology to avoid interference from other appliances like the microwave oven or the cordless phone. The wireless range is reported to be up to 350 feet.
Soundcast employs Spread Spectrum technology. This is widely regarded as the most effective method of achieving effective communication in the 2.4GHz ISM band. There are two principle ways this can be done: Frequency Hopping Spread Spectrum (FHSS)—such as used by Bluetooth, and Direct Sequencing Spread Spectrum (DSSS)—such as used by 802.11b. Soundcast G2 transceivers use FHSS. This allows as many as three Soundcast G2 systems to operate in close proximity to each other. This also allows for wireless audio to be securely used in high density multi-unit dwellings (MUD). The platform also provides the flexibility of being configured as a one transmitter one receiver system or a one transmitter multiple receiver system. The Soundcast G2 module integrates the RF physical layer, baseband, MAC protocol, audio CODEC, and dynamic error correction functions. Hardware forward error correction, adaptive frequency hopping, and dynamic hopping channel diversity are all built into the protocol of the system. The system also supports bi-directional communication for acknowledging and retransmission should packet loss occur.
Environmental efforts.
Soundcast's products are RoHS compliant. This is a directive which restricts the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment. This directive bans from the market new electrical and electronic equipment containing more than agreed to levels of lead, cadmium, mercury hexavalent chromium, polybrominated biphenyl (PBB) and polybrominated biphenyl Ether (PBDE) flame retardants.
Editorial Awards & Recognition.
• 2010 - Sound & Vision's Best: The top gear to buy right now, as selected by S&V's Editors. 
• 2011 - Editors Choice Top 40 E-Gear Magazine: Soundcast Outcast Wireless Speaker 
• 2007 - Consumer Electronics Show - INNOVATIONS DESIGN AND ENGINEERING AWARD
• 2013 - TrulyNet: There's a lot to like here - exceptional range, great audio quality, and excellent battery life/

</doc>
<doc id="18348645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348645" title="Koźliny">
Koźliny

Koźliny may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348647" title="Koko Komégné">
Koko Komégné

Koko Komégné is a visual artist based in Douala and he is a promoter of the contemporary art scene in Cameroon.
Life and career.
In 2000 he has to leave his atelier in the neighbourhood of Bonadibong in Douala and he moves to the neighbourhood CCC.
After signing his paintings "Komégné Gaston", "Koko Décor", "Gaston Komé", he chooses to sign his paintings with the name Koko Komégné, a combination of his father's name (Kouamo) and his name (Komégné). In his personal work he concentrates on music, dance, prostitutes, poverty, night life and masks. In 1974 he produced the scene painting of the film "Pousse Pousse" by Daniel Kamga, the first Cameroonian film and in 1976 he has his first solo show at Quartier Latin, a restaurant club in Douala. In 1979 he participates in the first competition for young Cameroonian painters. In 2005 DUTA, the first edition of the Biennale of Douala, devotes a tribute to Koko Komégné and in 2006 Doual'art organises the wide solo shop "Koko Komégné: 40 ans de peinture" curated by Didier Schaub.
In 1985 he decorates the club Black et White in Limbe and the Hotel Arcade in Douala; in 1986 the Cabaret le Vieux Négre in Douala and in 1987 the Mountain Hotel in Buéa and the University Centre in Dschang; in 1989 the Hotel Hilton in Yaoundé decorates his rooms with litographies by Koko Komégné; in 1993 he decorates the Phaco Club International and the Restaurant Parfait Garden in Douala; in 1994 the Central Hotel in Yaoundé; in 1995 the Hotel Méridien in Douala commissions him a series of 11 frescos which will be distracted after the hotel changes management. In 2002 he makes frescos for the new building of the assurance company La Citoyenne in Douala and in 2003 the Hotel Sofitel Mont Fébé in Yaoundé decorates his 90 rooms with litographies by Komégné.
In 1992 he participates in Art Venture, a workshop organised by the cultural organisation Doual'art which produces a fresco: a triptych 4,50m long by 1,50m high in plexiglas installed in Dakar Square in Douala. In 1993 he is the artistic director of Doual'art Pop '93, a workshop organised by Doual'art in the neighbourhood of Madagascar in Douala in which 25 artists produced frescos on stockades of a building yard; in the same year he participates in Cadavres exquis at the Mbappé Leppé Stadium in Douala and he is committee member of the Festival National des Arts et de la Culture. In 1997 he participates in Le Kwatt, a workshop organised by Doual'art in the neighbourhood Makepe Petit-Pays in Douala and in 1998 in Entr'Artistes curated by Mariela Borello at Doual'art. In March 2007 he participates in the Ars et Urbis International Workshop and in December in the SUD-Salon Urbain de Douala.
In 1994 he exhibits in "Kwanza Holiday Black Expo" in New York; in 1995 in the Ottakringer Museum in Austria. In 1997 he participates in the workshop Daro Daro in Abidjan, Ivory Coast and in 2003 in the group show "Cameroon Connexion", curated by Yann Quennec in the gallery Pravda in Paris.
Koko Komégné promotes art and artists in Cameroon: he participates to over 500 radio programmes, 100 TV programmes and 500 interviews on newspapers and magazines. In 1979 he creates the first association of artists of Cameroon Cercle Maduta ("meduta" means "images" in the Douala language) with the artists Viking Kanganyam, Jean-Guy Atakoua and Samuel Abélé. Cercle Maduta closes in 1983 when Koko Komégné founds with other artists the CAPLIT - Cercle des Artistes Plasticiens du Littoral. In 1980 ha exhibits in Menuiserie ETD MUCAM Meubles, a furniture shop; in 1981 he has his first retrospective show (1976–1982) at the American Cultural Centre and in 1982 at the French Cultural Centre in Yaoundé. 
He is founding member in 1994 of the cultural association Kheops Club which brings together ten Cemroonian artists with the aim of promoting visual arts in Cameroon. In 1995 he is the artistic director of the workshop UPEMBA. In 1995 he presents the young artists Joël Mpah Dooh, Blaise Bang, Salifou Lindou, Hervé Youmbi and Hervé Yamguen inside the exhibition "Tele Miso" at the MAM Gallery in Douala. In 2001 he is curator of the group show "Yann & Co" at the Atelier Viking and of Squatt'art, a one-week workshop and show with 22 artists open air in the neighbourhood Bali in Douala. In 2002 he participates in Squatt'art II in the neighbourhood Deïdo in Douala. He is also one of the founding member of the artist-run art space Art Wash.

</doc>
<doc id="18348649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348649" title="Koźliny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Koźliny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Koźliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 1.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348652" title="Albanians in Ukraine">
Albanians in Ukraine

The Albanians in Ukraine are an ethnic minority group located mainly in Zaporizhia Oblast and Budjak. They descend from Albanian rebels, who fought against the Ottoman Empire in the Russo-Turkish wars and were allowed to settle in the Russian Empire in the 18th century. 
History.
The historical community of Albanians in Ukraine call themselves Shqiptarë. They are also at times called Arnaut. Their ancestors came to Ukraine in the 18th and 19th centuries. The coming of the Albanians was connected with the Russo-Turkish War of 1768-1774. During this war Orthodox Christian Albanians revolted against the power of the Ottoman Empire. After their rebellion initially failed many joined up with the Russian fleet which was on its Aegean Expedition. At the end of the war about 1,700 Albanian fighters and family members went to the Russian Empire. They settled primarily in the vicinity of Kerch and Yenikale. Later Albanian immigrants to the Russian Empire settled primarily in the vicinity of Odessa. Over time many of the Albanian have been assimilated into either the Greek, Russian or Ukrainian populations of these areas. 
Demographics.
By the late 20th Century, only a few years before the fall of the USSR the Albanian of Ukraine were mainly concentrated in Zaporizhia Oblast: "Geandran", today "(Hannivka)", "Taz" (today "Divninske") and "Tuiushki" (today "Heorhiivk"a). There is also an Albanian village in Budjak: Caracurt ("Karakurti" in Albanian, "Caracurt" in Romanian, "Karakurt / Каракурт" in Ukrainian and since 1947 "Zhovtneve / Жовтневе"). In 1958 they numbered 5,258 in the entire Soviet Union. Their number had fallen to 4,402 by 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="18348653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348653" title="Manang">
Manang

Manang () is a town in the Manang District of Nepal. It is located at 28°40'0N 84°1'0E with an altitude of . According to the preliminary result of the 2011 Nepal census it has a population of 2863 people living in 1495 individual households. Its population density is 3 persons/km2.
It is situated on the broad valley of the Marshyangdi River to the north of the Annapurna mountain range. The river flows to the east. To the west there is the pass Thorong La to Muktinath shrine and the valley of the Kali Gandaki. To the north there is the Chulu East peak of 6,584 meters. Most groups trekking around the Annapurna will take resting days in Manang to acclimatize to the high altitude, before taking the Thorong La pass. The village is situated on the northern slope, which gets the most sunlight and the least snow cover in the winter. The cultivation fields are on the north slope with terraces.
There are no roads, only trails where most heavy goods are transported on mule trains or carried by porters. 2.5 kilometers to the east of the town there is a small airport serving the whole valley. The airport is fairly recent. It did not exist in 1985. The development of a road linking Manang to the Annapura conservation area was finished in February 2011. It has brought many benefits to the villagers and the area.
Besides catering to the trekking groups there is some agriculture and herding activity (yaks). There is a medical centre which specializes in high-altitude sickness.
References.
Can also mean older sister in Filipino

</doc>
<doc id="18348655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348655" title="Thomas Farrington">
Thomas Farrington

Thomas Farrington (1798 – December 2, 1872) was an American lawyer and politician.
Life.
He lived at Owego.
He was a Democratic member from Tioga County of the New York State Assembly in 1833 and 1840. He was Surrogate of Tioga County from 1835 to 1840. He was New York State Treasurer from 1842 to 1845, and from 1846 to 1847. He was Adjutant General of the New York State Militia from 1845 to 1846.
He was a delegate to the 1856 Republican National Convention.

</doc>
<doc id="18348656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348656" title="Lubiewice, Gmina Lubiewo">
Lubiewice, Gmina Lubiewo

Lubiewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348659" title="Lubiewo">
Lubiewo

Lubiewo may refer to the following places:
There is also a Polish gay novel by Michał Witkowski named Lubiewo

</doc>
<doc id="18348662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348662" title="Lubiewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Lubiewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Lubiewo is a village in Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lubiewo. It lies approximately south-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 1,012.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348667" title="Minikowo, Tuchola County">
Minikowo, Tuchola County

Minikowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Lubiewo, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 390.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348669" title="Płazowo">
Płazowo

Płazowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Lubiewo, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348675" title="Sokole-Kuźnica, Gmina Lubiewo">
Sokole-Kuźnica, Gmina Lubiewo

Sokole-Kuźnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 6.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348679" title="Magnoliids">
Magnoliids

Magnoliids (or Magnoliidae) are a group of about 9,000 species of flowering plants, including magnolias, nutmeg, bay laurel, cinnamon, avocado, black pepper, tulip tree and many others. They are characterized by trimerous flowers, pollen with one pore, and usually branching-veined leaves.
Classification.
Traditionally, Magnoliidae is the botanical name of a subclass. The circumscription of a subclass will vary with the taxonomic system being used. The only requirement is that it must include the family Magnoliaceae. More recently, the group has been redefined under the "PhyloCode" as a node-based clade comprising the Canellales, Laurales, Magnoliales, and Piperales.
APG system.
The APG III (2009) and its predecessor systems do not use formal botanical names above the rank of order. Under these systems, larger clades are usually referred to by informal names, such as "magnoliids" (plural, not capitalized) or "magnoliid complex". The APG III recognizes a clade within the angiosperms for the magnoliids. The circumscription is:
The clade includes most of the basal groups of the angiosperms. This clade was formally named Magnoliidae in 2007 under provisions of the "PhyloCode".
Cronquist system.
The Cronquist system (1981) used the name Magnoliidae for one of six subclasses (within class Magnoliopsida = dicotyledons). In the original version of this system the circumscription was:
Dahlgren and Thorne systems.
Both Dahlgren and Thorne classified the magnoliids ("sensu" APG) in superorder Magnolianae, rather than as a subclass. In their systems, the name Magnoliidae is used for a much larger group including all dicotyledons. This is also the case in some of the systems derived from the Cronquist system. 
Dahlgren divided his Magnolianae into ten orders, more than other systems of the time, and unlike Cronquist and Thorne, he did not include the Piperales. Thorne grouped most of his Magnolianae into two large orders, Magnoliales and Berberidales, although his Magnoliales was divided into suborders along lines similar to the ordinal groupings used by both Cronquist and Dahlgren. Thorne revised his system in 2000, restricting the name Magnoliidae to include only the Magnolianae, Nymphaeanae, and Rafflesianae, and removing the Berberidales and other previously included groups to his subclass Ranunculidae. This revised system diverges from the Cronquist system, but agrees more closely with the circumscription later published under APG II.
Comparison table.
Comparison of classification systems is often difficult. Two authors may apply the same name to groups with different composition of members; for example, Dahlgren's Magnoliidae includes all dicots, whereas Cronquists' Magnoliidae is only one of five dicot groups. Two authors may also describe the same group with nearly identical composition, but each may then apply a different name to that group or place the group at a different taxonomic rank. For example, the composition of Cronquist's "subclass" Magnoliidae is nearly the same as Thorne's (1992) "superorder" Magnolianae, despite the difference in taxonomic rank.
Because of these difficulties and others, the synoptic table below imprecisely compares the definition of "magnoliid" groups in the systems of four authors. For each system, only orders are named in the table. All orders included by a particular author are listed and linked in that column. When a taxon is not included by that author, but was included by an author in another column, that item appears in unlinked italics and indicates remote placement. The sequence of each system has been altered from its publication in order to pair corresponding taxa between columns.
Economic uses.
The magnoliids is a large group of plants, with many species that are economically important as food, drugs, perfumes, timber, and as ornamentals, among many other uses.
One widely cultivated magnoliid fruit is the avocado ("Persea americana"), which is believed to have been cultivated in Mexico and Central America for nearly 10,000 years. Now grown throughout the American tropics, it probably originates from the Chiapas region of Mexico or Guatemala, where "wild" avocados may still be found. The soft pulp of the fruit is eaten fresh or mashed into guacamole. The ancient peoples of Central America were also the first to cultivate several fruit-bearing species of "Annona". These include the custard-apple ("A. reticulata"), soursop ("A. muricata"), sweetsop or sugar-apple ("A. squamosa"), and the cherimoya ("A. cherimola"). Both soursop and sweetsop now are widely grown for their fruits in the Old World as well.
Some members of the magnoliids have served as important food additives. Oil of sassafras was formerly used as a key flavoring in both root beer and in sarsaparilla. The primary ingredient responsible for the oil's flavor is safrole, but it is no longer used in either the United States or Canada. Both nations banned the use of safrole as a food additive in 1960 as a result of studies that demonstrated safrole promoted liver damage and tumors in mice. Consumption of more than a minute quantity of the oil causes nausea, vomiting, hallucinations, and shallow rapid breathing. It is very toxic, and can severely damage the kidneys. In addition to its former use as a food additive, safrole from either "Sassafras" or "Ocotea cymbarum" is also the primary precursor for synthesis of MDMA (methylenedioxymethamphetamine), commonly known as the drug ecstasy.
Other magnoliids also are known for their narcotic, hallucinogenic, or paralytic properties. The Polynesian beverage kava is fermented from the pulverized roots of "Piper methysticum", and has both sedative and narcotic properties. It is used throughout the Pacific in social gatherings or after work to relax. Likewise, some native peoples of the Amazon take a hallucinogenic snuff made from the dried and powdered fluid exuded from the bark of "Virola" trees. Another hallucinogenic compound, myristicin, comes from the spice nutmeg. As with safrole, ingestion of nutmeg in quantities can lead to hallucinations, nausea, and vomiting, with symptoms lasting several days. A more severe reaction comes from poisoning by rodiasine and demethylrodiasine, the active ingredients in fruit extract from "Chlorocardium venenosum". These chemicals paralyze muscles and nerves, resulting in tetanus-like reactions in animals. The Cofán peoples of westernmost Amazon in Colombia and Ecuador use the compound as a poison to tip their arrows in hunting.
Not all the effects of chemical compounds in the magnoliids are detrimental. In previous centuries, sailors would use Winter's Bark from the South American tree "Drimys winteri" to ward off the vitamin-deficieny of scurvy. Today, benzoyl is extracted from "Lindera benzoin" (common spicebush) for use as a food additive and skin medicine, due to its anti-bacterial and anti-fungal properties. Drugs extracted from the bark of "Magnolia" have long been used in traditional Chinese medicine. Scientific investigation of magnolol and honokiol have shown promise for their use in dental health. Both compounds demonstrate effective anti-bacterial activity against the bacteria responsible for bad breath and dental caries. Several members of the family Annonaceae are also under investigation for uses of a group of chemicals called acetogenins. The first acetogenin discovered was uvaricin, which has anti-leukemic properties when used in living organisms. Other acetogenins have been discovered with anti-malarial and anti-tumor properties, and some even inhibit HIV replication in laboratory studies.
Many magnoliid species produce essential oils in their leaves, bark, or wood. The tree "Virola surinamensis" (Brazilian "nutmeg") contains trimyristin, which is extracted in the form of a fat and used in soaps and candles, as well as in shortenings. Other fragrant volatile oils are extracted from "Aniba rosaeodora" (bois-de-rose oil), "Cinnamomum porrectum", "Cinnamomum cassia", and "Litsea odorifera" for scenting soaps. Perfumes also are made from some of these oils; ylang-ylang comes from the flowers of "Cananga odorata", and is used by Arab and Swahili women. A compound called nutmeg butter is produced from the same tree as the spice of that name, but the sweet-smelling "butter" is used in perfumery or as a lubricant rather than as a food.
Magnoliids are also important sources of spices and herbs used to flavor food, including the spices black pepper, cinnamon and nutmeg, and the herb bay laurel.

</doc>
<doc id="18348680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348680" title="Sucha, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Sucha, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Sucha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Lubiewo, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 604.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348682" title="Szumiąca">
Szumiąca

Szumiąca may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348683" title="Szumiąca, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Szumiąca, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Szumiąca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 67.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348685" title="Szyszkówka">
Szyszkówka

Szyszkówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Lubiewo, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348693" title="Teolog, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Teolog, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Teolog is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Lubiewo, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 61.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348697" title="Trutnowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Trutnowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Trutnowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Lubiewo, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348699" title="Wandowo">
Wandowo

Wandowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348700" title="Hopkins, Virginia">
Hopkins, Virginia

Hopkins is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348702" title="Wandowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wandowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wandowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 2.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348705" title="Wełpin">
Wełpin

Wełpin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Lubiewo, south-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348711" title="Johnson Corner, Virginia">
Johnson Corner, Virginia

Johnson Corner is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348713" title="Wielonek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wielonek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wielonek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 2.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348716" title="Zamrzenica">
Zamrzenica

Zamrzenica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Lubiewo, south of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 48.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348717" title="Inverted nun">
Inverted nun

Inverted nun ( "isolated nun" or "inverted nun" or "׆" in Hebrew) is a rare glyph used in classical Hebrew. Its function in the ancient texts is disputed. It takes the form of the letter nun in mirror image, and appears in the Masoretic text of the Tanakh in nine different places:
The images at right show three common variants of the inverted nun – vertically flipped, horizontally flipped, and Z-shaped. Other renderings exist, corresponding to alternative interpretations of the term "inverted". It may also occur with a dot above.
Occurrence and appearance.
Inverted nuns are found in nine passages of the Masoretic Text of the Bible. The exact shape varies between different manuscripts and printed editions. In many manuscripts, a reversed nun is found—referred to as a "nun hafucha" by the Masoretes. In some earlier printed editions, they are shown as the standard nun upside down or rotated, because the printer did not want to bother to design a character to be used only nine times. The recent scholarly editions of the Masoretic text show the reversed nun as described by the Masoretes. In some manuscripts, however, other symbols are occasionally found instead. These are sometimes referred to in rabbinical literature as "simaniyot" (markers).
In the Torah, the inverted nuns frame the text
The nuns are generally positioned close to, but not touching, the first and last words of the couplet. They are supposed to be positioned between the gaps in between the paragraphs, but there is disagreement as to how this should be done. Some texts invert the existing nuns in the Torah text and don't add inverted nuns before and after it.
Rashi's commentary states that the name of the city of Haran at the end of the Torah portion Noach also occurs with an inverted nun, but this is not found in existing texts.
Rabbinic basis.
The Babylonian Talmud records in the tractate Shabbath, folio 116a, that the markings surrounding Numbers 10:35–36 were thought to denote that this 85 letter text was not in its proper place. One opinion goes so far as to say that it would appear in another location which discusses the order of tribal column, with the position of the Ark already stated there.
The 85 letter text found between the nuns is also said to be denoted because it is the model for the least number of letters which constitute a 'text' which one would be required to save from fire due to its holiness. It also suggests that the inverted nuns may suggest the Hebrew word נֵר "ner", meaning 'a light'.
The tractate Shabbat in the Talmud says regarding the inverted nuns:
Sifrei explains these "signs":
The Talmud continues, stating that as this section is a separate book, the portions of Numbers before and after it also count as books and thus the Torah contains seven books in total:
Bar Kappara is known to have considered our Torah as composed of 7 volumes in the Gemara "The seven pillars with which Wisdom built her house (Prov. 9:1) are the seven Books of Moses". Genesis, Exodus and Leviticus and Deuteronomy as we know them but Numbers was really 3 separate volumes Num 1:1 to Num 10:35 followed by Number 10:35–36 and the third text from there to the end of Numbers. {quote|R. Shimon Ben Gamliel says: This section will be uprooted from its place and written in its rightful place in the future (but for now it is in its correct location). Why is it written here? So as to separate between first and second retribution . Second retribution is "and the people grumbled". First retribution is "and they traveled from the mountain of G-d (i.e., they eagerly run away from G-d's presence)". Where is it its appropriate place? Rav Ashi says: "In the section dealing with the disposition of the Israelites according to their banners and their travelling arrangements" (Numbers 1:52-2:34, Shabbath 116a).
The Mishnah, in tractate Yadayim, states:
According to Midrash:
Maharshal ruled that the Talmud only mandates the usual break for a parashah section, and Torah scrolls with extra letters are "passul" (unfit for ritual use). Rabbi Yechezkel Landau, however, defends the custom, stating that punctuation such as inverted nuns don't count as extra letters and thus don't invalidate the scroll.
Elsewhere.
Inverted nun appears to have been used as a scribal or editorial annotation or text-critical mark.
The primary set of inverted nuns is found surrounding the text of Numbers 10:35–36. The Mishna notes that this text is 85 letters long and dotted. This demarcation of this text leads to the later use of the inverted nun markings. Saul Lieberman demonstrated that similar markings can be found in ancient Greek texts where they are also used to denote 'short texts'. Greek sources, especially Alexandrian ones, refer to the sign as reversed sigma.
Unicode.
The inverted nun is not part of any word, and never pronounced, thus it is classed as punctuation and not a letter.

</doc>
<doc id="18348718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348718" title="Jordan, Virginia">
Jordan, Virginia

Jordan is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348725" title="Justisville, Virginia">
Justisville, Virginia

Justisville is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348728" title="WAAJ">
WAAJ

WAAJ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18348734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348734" title="WAAJ (FM)">
WAAJ (FM)

WAAJ (89.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Benton, Kentucky, USA. The station airs a Bluegrass format and is owned by Heartland Ministries, Inc..

</doc>
<doc id="18348739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348739" title="Lecato, Virginia">
Lecato, Virginia

Lecato (also known as Lecato Station) is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348745" title="Sanjaasürengiin Zorig">
Sanjaasürengiin Zorig

Zorig Sanjaasuren (, 20 April 1962 – 2 October 1998) was a prominent Mongolian politician and leader of the country's 1990 democratic revolution. He is called the "Golden Magpie of Democracy" (, Ardchillyn altan kharaatsai). His murder remains unsolved. After his death, his sister Oyuun entered politics and founded the Civic Will Party.
Early life.
Zorig's grandfather was a Russian geographer who had come to Mongolia as part of an expedition headed by Pyotr Kozlov. Zorig's grandfather was a victim of Marshal Choibalsan's purges, leaving his daughter Dorjpalam, Zorig's mother, an orphan. Dorjpalam starred in a popular Mongolian movie before marrying Sanjaasüren, a medical college professor and a Buryat (a Mongolian ethnic minority). Zorig was the second of their three children.
From 1970 on, Zorig attended middle school No. 23 in Ulaanbaatar, one of the city's Russian-language schools. From 1980 to 1985 he studied philosophy at Moscow's Lomonosov Moscow State University. Afterwards, he worked for a year as an instructor for the Mongolian Revolutionary Youth League in Ulaanbaatar, and in 1986 became lecturer for scientific communism at the Mongolian State University. He became an accomplished chess player, later serving as president of the Mongolian Chess Federation. In 1988 he founded the "New Generation" group of young dissidents dedicated to spreading democracy in Mongolia.
Political career.
Democratic Revolution.
In 1989 and 1990, S. Zorig played a leading role in the events that led to Mongolia's adoption of a multi-party system. On December 10, 1989, a month after the fall of the Berlin Wall, Zorig led a group of 200 activists in a public protest demanding a free-market economy and free elections. In January 1990 Zorig and his fellow Mongolian Democrat dissidents began staging weekend protests in Sükhbaatar Square, the center of Ulaanbaatar. The protests started small but grew into large crowds as January passed into February. Tensions increased as the crowds swelled and the Communist government debated crushing them with force. At one point when protesters were scuffling with soldiers and an outbreak of violence seemed likely, Zorig took a microphone, sat atop a friend's shoulders to make himself visible to the crowd, and called for calm. Violence was averted. The picture of Zorig addressing the protesters became a famous symbol of Mongolia's peaceful revolution. In March, the Mongolian Politburo resigned and one-party rule in Mongolia ended.
After the revolution.
In June 1990, Zorig was elected into the People's Great Khural. In August 1991, he was the only prominent Mongolian politician to immediately denounce the coup attempt by Soviet hardliners against Mikhail Gorbachev. He was elected into the State Great Khural both in 1992 and 1996, the first time as a minority member and the second time as a member of the Democratic Union that swept into power as Mongolia's first non-Communist government since the 1921 Communist revolution. Zorig questioned the pace of free-market reforms in Mongolia after the Democrats came to power, believing the reforms weren't fair and would push too many Mongolians below the poverty line. In 1998 he became Mongolia's Minister for Infrastructure.
The year 1998 was a year of political crisis in Mongolia. Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj became the new Prime Minister of Mongolia in April 1998, and in one of his first decisions he sold the state-owned Reconstruction Bank to the private Golomt Bank, which was owned by Mongolian Democrats. Members of the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party walked out in protest, and, without a working majority in Parliament, Elbegdorj was forced to resign. The parties conferred and in closed meetings agreed on Infrastructure Minister S. Zorig as a compromise candidate to be the new Prime Minister. The announcement was scheduled for Monday, October 5.
Assassination.
Zorig was murdered on Friday, October 2, 1998. Two assailants entered his apartment, tied up his wife Bulgan, and waited. As soon as Zorig stepped through the door they jumped him, stabbing him sixteen times, including three stab wounds to the heart. Strangely, they stole a bottle of vinegar and a bottle of soy sauce from the refrigerator before fleeing the apartment. Four days after the murder, mourners crowded Sukhbaatar Square, holding candlelight vigils. His body lay in the Government House before his burial on Wednesday, October 7. The government crisis lingered for another two months until Janlavyn Narantsatsralt, the mayor of Ulaanbaatar, was finally named the new Prime Minister in December 1998.
His murder remains unsolved, although the timing led to speculation that someone with insider knowledge of Zorig's impending elevation to the post of Prime Minister took action to prevent it. Zorig's wife Bulgan came under suspicion and was briefly held by police, but no charges were ever brought. Oyun believes that her brother was murdered to prevent him from mounting an anti-corruption campaign as Prime Minister.
Aftermath.
Zorig's sister Sanjaasürengiin Oyuun was elected to his seat in the Mongolian parliament soon after his assassination. She later served as Mongolia's Minister of Foreign Affairs. The political party founded by his sister Oyuun, the "Irgenii Zorig Nam" () or Civic Will Party, bears a reference to his name.
A statue for him has been erected in Ulaanbaatar, across the street from the Central Post Office. The statue faces toward the Government Palace, symbolizing Zorig's morning walk toward his workplace. Flowers are placed at the statue every year on the day of his death, attended by his family members, friends, politicians, and other citizens. 
The Zorig Foundation, founded in October 1998 shortly after S. Zorig's murder, exists today as "a Mongolian non-profit organization promoting democracy through social action, youth activities, and good governance programs."

</doc>
<doc id="18348747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348747" title="The French, They Are a Funny Race">
The French, They Are a Funny Race

The French, They Are a Funny Race, known in France as Les Carnets du Major Thompson ("The Notebooks of Major Thompson") and in the U.K. as The Diary of Major Thompson, is a 1955 comedy film written and directed by Preston Sturges, based on the novel by Pierre Daninos. It stars Jack Buchanan and Martine Carol.
This was the last film directed by Preston Sturges.
Plot.
Major Thompson (Jack Buchanan) is a crusty, middle-aged English officer, retired and widowed and living in Paris, who tries to adjust to the French way of life. He falls in love with frivolous but alluring Martine (Martine Carol), and then marries her. The question is, will their child be raised as a proper Englishman, or a swinging Frenchman?
Cast.
Cast notes:
Production.
The film was based on a popular column by Pierre Daninos in "Le Figaro". Daninos would write as fictitious English Major Marmaduke Thompson who would observe the French. Daninos then turned these columns into a book "The Notebooks of Major Thompson".
Preston Sturges had come to Paris in hopes of reviving his career, which had hit the skids in Hollywood after his partnership with Howard Hughes dissolved in acrimony. He did some work on Broadway, wrote the screenplay for an adaptation of George Bernard Shaw's "The Millionairess" which Katharine Hepburn, who had performed in the play in New York, wanted to get produced, and then came to France where, because he was fluent in French, he was able to write and direct the screenplay for this adaptation of Pierre Daninos popular novel.
Sturges originally wrote a script called "Forty Million Frenchmen," about a French author who invents an English character who assumes a borrowed identity. However ,then Daninos published his novel to such success that Sturges was requested to write a version closer to that. The movie was shot both in French and English using two crews.
Release.
The film was released in France on 9 December 1955, but Sturges did some additional polishing of it for the American audience, and it was not released in the United States until 20 May 1957, when it premiered in New York City, the final American opening of Sturges' film career.
The movie was the 9th most popular film in France in 1956 but was not a hit in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="18348749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348749" title="Brzozowe Błota">
Brzozowe Błota

Brzozowe Błota is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Śliwice, north-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348750" title="Little Hell, Virginia">
Little Hell, Virginia

Little Hell is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348751" title="Byłyczek">
Byłyczek

Byłyczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Śliwice, north-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348754" title="Ana Patricia Botín">
Ana Patricia Botín

Ana Patricia Botín-Sanz de Sautuola O'Shea, born in 1960 in Santander, is a Spanish businesswoman. Since December 2010 she has served as CEO (replacing António Horta-Osório) of Santander UK, the British banking subsidiary of the Santander Group.
In 2005, Botín was ranked by Forbes Magazine as the 99th most powerful woman in the world. In 2009, she was ranked 45th. In February 2013 she was assessed as the 3rd most powerful woman in the United Kingdom by Woman's Hour on BBC Radio 4.
Biography.
Ana Patricia Botín is one of the daughters of Spanish billionaire Emilio Botín who is the Executive Chairman of Spain's Grupo Santander and Paloma O'Shea, 1st Marquise of O'Shea, from whom she is expected to succeed in her title. She studied Economics at Bryn Mawr College (U.S.A.) and went to graduate school at Harvard Business School (Harvard University), to earn her Master of Business Administration.
She worked for seven years at JP Morgan in the United States. In 1988, she came back to Spain and began working for the Santander Group. She was the executive chairman of the Spanish bank, Banco Español de Crédito.
In 2000 she founded "Suala Capital", a Venture Capital Investment Fund, but in 2006 she resigned from it in the wake of disappointing results.
In November 2010, Ana Patricia became the successor of António Horta Osório as Chief Executive of Santander's UK Operation.
In 2013, she was appointed as a director at the Coca-Cola Company by the company's board.

</doc>
<doc id="18348757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348757" title="Główka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Główka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Główka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Śliwice, north-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348760" title="Krąg">
Krąg

Krąg may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348763" title="Metompkin, Virginia">
Metompkin, Virginia

Metompkin is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 551.

</doc>
<doc id="18348764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348764" title="Krąg, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Krąg, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Krąg is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Śliwice, north-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348767" title="WAIA">
WAIA

WAIA (1600 AM) was a radio station formerly licensed to Beaver Dam, Kentucky, USA. The station was owned by Starlight Broadcasting Co., Inc..
History.
The station originally signed on on June 21, 1969. Before October 1, 1996, it was WLLS: a daytime-only simulcast of WLLS-FM. The station changed its calls to WSNR on October 1, 1996. On March 26, 2001, the station changed its calls again to WAIA.
Starlight Broadcasting surrendered the station's license to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on June 26, 2012. The station's license was cancelled and its call sign deleted from the FCC's database on July 19, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18348769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348769" title="Laski, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Laski, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Laski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Śliwice, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348773" title="Łąski Piec">
Łąski Piec

Łąski Piec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Śliwice, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348777" title="WAIN (AM)">
WAIN (AM)

WAIN (1270 AM) is a radio station licensed to Columbia, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Forcht Broadcasting.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18348778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348778" title="Pad stitch">
Pad stitch

Pad stitches are a type of running stitch made by placing small stitches perpendicular to the line of stitching. Pad stitches secure two or more layers of fabric together and give the layers more firmness; smaller and denser stitches create more firmness. They may also be used to enforce an overall curvature of the layers.
Usage.
Tailors pad stitch a jacket's lapel and undercollar to give them additional firmness, and maintain their curvature. The line of stitching usually runs parallel to the direction of the most important curve of the layers. For example, pad stitches in a suit's lapel run parallel to the lapel's roll line; pad stitches in the under collar of a tailored jacket run parallel to the collar's back edge.

</doc>
<doc id="18348779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348779" title="Linówek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Linówek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Linówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Śliwice, north-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348780" title="Lińsk">
Lińsk

Lińsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Śliwice, north-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 570.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348784" title="WAIN-FM">
WAIN-FM

WAIN-FM (93.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Columbia, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Forcht Broadcasting.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18348788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348788" title="Gamgadhi">
Gamgadhi

Gamgadhi is the headquarters of Mugu District in the Karnali Zone of northern Nepal.
Media.
To Promote local culture Gamgadhi has one FM radio station Radio Mugu - 107.4 MHz Which is a Community radio Station. 

</doc>
<doc id="18348789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348789" title="Lipowa, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Lipowa, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Lipowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Śliwice, north-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348794" title="Locksville, Virginia">
Locksville, Virginia

Locksville is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348796" title="Lisiny, Gmina Śliwice">
Lisiny, Gmina Śliwice

Lisiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Śliwice, east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348802" title="Lubocień">
Lubocień

Lubocień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Śliwice, north-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348803" title="Locust Mount, Virginia">
Locust Mount, Virginia

Locust Mount is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348807" title="Okoniny">
Okoniny

Okoniny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Śliwice, north-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348809" title="Okoniny Nadjeziorne">
Okoniny Nadjeziorne

Okoniny Nadjeziorne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Śliwice, north-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348812" title="Ignatius Harney">
Ignatius Harney

Ignatius Harney (1903–1954) was a famous Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Tynagh and with the Galway senior inter-county team from 1920 until 1934.
Playing career.
Club.
Harney played his club hurling with his local club in Tynagh and enjoyed much success. He won his first senior county title in 1920. Harney added further county medals to his collection in 1922, 1923, 1925 and 1928.
Inter-county.
Harney first came to prominence on the inter-county scene with Galway in 1920. At the time Galway were unopposed in the Connacht Championship and had an easy passage to the All-Ireland semi-final every year. Harney’s side lost to Dublin and Limerick respectively in the All-Ireland semi-finals of 1920 and 1921.
In 1922 the Connacht championship was revived for the first time since 1917. That year Harney collected a Connacht title as Galway defeated Roscommon in the provincial final. The men from the West were later defeated by Tipperary in the All-Ireland semi-final.
In 1923 Galway were unopposed n Connacht once again and went straight into the All-Ireland semi-final. Kilkenny, the All-Ireland champions of 1922, provided the opposition in that game, however, Galway emerged victorious by 5-4 to 2-0. For the first time since the inaugural championship in 1887 Galway had reached the All-Ireland final. Limerick, winners of the All-Ireland semi-final over Donegal, were the opponents, however, the team refused to play until all Civil War prisoners were released. Limerick were initially disqualified and the title awarded to Galway, however, the game eventually took place. Mick Gill’s tactic of dropping the sliothar into the square paid dividends as Galway won the game by 7-3 to 4-5. Not only was it Harney’s first All-Ireland title but it was also the first time that the county had won the championship.
In 1924 Galway defeated Tipp by a single point to set up an All-Ireland final meeting with Dublin. Mick Gill, who had played with the Galway team for the previous championship, was now a key member of the Dublin team. Galway took an early lead but ‘the Dubs’ got back on level terms when Garrett Howard drove the ball and the Galway goalkeeper into the net. Dublin also copied Galway’s tactic of dropping the sliothar into the goalmouth, thus securing a 5-3 to 2-6 victory.
In 1925 Galway trounced Kilkenny by 9-4 to 6-0 in the All-Ireland semi-final to set up a championship decider with Tipperary. It was Galway’s third All-Ireland final in-a-row, however, Tipp got off to a great start with two quick goals. Harney’s side never recovered and lost the game by 5-6 to 1-5.
The next two seasons saw Galway face defeat in the All-Ireland semi-final, however, the team received special treatment in 1928. That year Galway got a bye into the All-Ireland final without even picking up a hurley. Cork were the opponents on that occasion and trounced Galway by 6-12 to 1-0. Both sides met again in the championship decider of 1929, however, Galway got off to a bad start. Mick Ahern scored a goal after just twenty-five seconds for Cork and another rout followed. Cork won by 4-9 to 1-3. This defeat brought Mahony’s inter-county hurling career to an end.
This was Galway's last appearance in the All-Ireland final until 1953, however, there was one final victory left in the team. In the 1930-1931 National Hurling League Harney was appointed captain of the team. In the final of that competition Galway played Tipperary, the reigning All-Ireland champions. In a thrilling game Galway emerged victorious by 4-5 to 4-4. It was Harney’s sole National League title.
After suffering a number of consecutive defeats in the All-Ireland semi-final, Harmey retired from inter-county hurling in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="18348813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348813" title="Theodotus of Chios">
Theodotus of Chios

Theodotus of Chios (died in 43 BC or 42 BC) was the rhetoric tutor of the young Egyptian king Ptolemy XIII.
Biography.
Theodotus of Chios was a trained rhetorician and the tutor of Ptolemy XIII. He was one of the three influential men who led the guardianship for the young Egyptian king after the death of Ptolemy XII (spring of 51 BC). The most powerful of these men was the eunuch and minister Pothinus, the second in rank was the commander-in-chief Achillas and finally in third place was Theodotus. In autumn of 50 BC these three guardians succeeded in securing Ptolemy XIII the participation in the rule of Egypt together with his ambitious older sister Cleopatra VII who in the first year of her accession to the throne (spring of 51 BC) had been able to rule alone. At the end of 49 BC Pothinus and his comrades expelled the Queen from Egypt. So Ptolemy XIII became sole regent but was still under the influence of his three guardians.
The dethroned Queen soon organized her own army by recruiting mercenaries in Palestine. Ptolemy XIII and his advisers were forced to move with their army into position near the Egyptian border fortress Pelusium, not far from the troops of Cleopatra. At that time (end of July 48 BC) the Roman triumvir Pompey – who had lost the decisive Battle of Pharsalus against Julius Caesar – appeared at the Egyptian coast near Pelusium and asked the allied Pharaoh for asylum and assistance. 
The advisers of Ptolemy XIII officially agreed to the petition of Pompey to gain time. After the departure of the Roman messengers a council of state was held to discuss the next steps. Caesar in his "Commentarii de Bello Civili" and the Roman poet Lucan in his "Pharsalia" do not mention the participation of Theodotus in this council but it was his suggestion to murder Pompey that was accepted. With professional skilfulness Theodotus justified his plan: If Pompey was received he would become the ruler of Egypt and Caesar the enemy of the country; if Pompey was rejected he would be discontented because of his refusal and Caesar because he had to continue his pursuit; so the best course was to put Pompey to death, because in this case Caesar would be satisfied and the murdered Roman general would no longer be a danger because a dead man could not bite. The assassination of Pompey was executed by Lucius Septimius at the behest of Achillas.
Only two days later Caesar arrived with a fleet in Alexandria. According to the Roman historian Livy and the Greek biographer Plutarch it was Theodotus who immediately delivered the signet ring and the head of Pompey to Caesar. But the Roman general was allegedly disgusted and wept. Ancient and modern historians have different opinions if the tears of Caesar were honest. The dictator stayed in Egypt and tried to win influence in the political affairs by claiming to decide the Ptolemaic struggle for the throne. He also demanded the payment of a large sum of money that the Ptolemaic government allegedly owed him for the military restoration of Ptolemy XII in 55 BC. This behaviour caused a war between the Roman dictator and the supporters of Ptolemy XIII. Because Caesar’s army was much too small he could only win the war after long and hard fighting.
Pothinus and Achillas were assassinated in the course of the war but Theodotus managed to escape from Egypt. Some years he eked out a miserable existence. He died in Asia in 43 BC or 42 BC when Marcus Junius Brutus or Gaius Cassius Longinus put him cruelly to death. The famous Roman rhetorician Quintilian tells that "a discussion with Caesar about the punishment of Theodotus" was a subject in rhetoric schools.

</doc>
<doc id="18348815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348815" title="Rosochatka">
Rosochatka

Rosochatka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Śliwice, north-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348821" title="WAKY">
WAKY

"For the original WAKY-AM Top 40 music station in Louisville, see WKRD (AM)."
WAKY (103.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Radcliff, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Louisville area. The station is currently owned by W & B Broadcasting, Inc.. The station's studios are located in Elizabethtown, Kentucky.
History.
The station went on the air as WUOX on 1991-11-01. on 1992-10-30, the station changed its call sign to WLVK, on 1995-07-17 to WASE, on 2007-05-11 to the current WAKY. 
The WAKY calls and oldies format the station airs are an homage to Louisville's WAKY AM 790, a legendary and popular Top 40 music station from the late 1950s to the late 1970s. The original WAKY had its own stint as an oldies station from 1982 to 1986 and is now WKRD. Prior to adopting the WAKY calls, 103.5 FM also played oldies as WASE "Kool 103.5."
Since former competitor WRKA 103.1 FM dropped its classic hits format in favor of contemporary country music, WAKY is now the only rock oldies station in the Louisville market.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18348825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348825" title="Gatorhythms">
Gatorhythms

Gatorhythms is a blues album by Marcia Ball; it was released in 1989 by Rounder Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by Marcia Ball except as noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18348826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348826" title="Śliwice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Śliwice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Śliwice is a village in Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Śliwice. It lies approximately north-east of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 2,600.
References.
NO WEJ,BYŚ SIĘ SPODZIAL?

</doc>
<doc id="18348829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348829" title="Accademia degli Svogliati">
Accademia degli Svogliati

The Accademia degli Svogliati ("Academy of the Will-less" or, erroneously, "Disgusted") was a 17th-century association of Italian men of letters in Florence. It began as a conversation at the house of Jacopo Gaddi, where it continued to meet. Gaddi was the driving force behind the Svogliati, as evidenced by the title of its statutes: "Statuti dell' Accademia degli Svogliati sotto il Principato dell'Illustrissimo Signore Jacopo Gaddi, suo Primo Principe e Promotore Stabiliti". 
The Svogliati were a well-educated lot: their marginalia contain learned references to the classics, mythology, and ancient history. Gaddi's "palazzo", the "Paradiso Gaddi", now the Boscolo Hotel Astoria, and its gardens along the Via Melarancio was the principal meeting place of the members. The Villa Camerata, now a youth hostel, near Fiesole, and the chapel of Santa Maria Novella were other common meeting places. Membership in the Accademia was regulated by the statutes, which admitted only persons with "virtù" or "scienza" (knowledge), who were elected by the other members. Nationality, however, was incidental and the Accademia admitted as well as Italians speakers of English, French, and German. The English poet John Milton participated—and read his own work—at four meetings of the Accademia during his sojourn in Florence (June–August 1638). It is possible that he was even a member and in later writings he refers to the "Gaddiana Academia" (Gaddian Academy).

</doc>
<doc id="18348830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348830" title="Śliwiczki">
Śliwiczki

Śliwiczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Śliwice, north-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 490.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348832" title="Zwierzyniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Zwierzyniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Zwierzyniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Śliwice, north-east of Tuchola, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348837" title="Mearsville, Virginia">
Mearsville, Virginia

Mearsville is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348844" title="Messongo, Virginia">
Messongo, Virginia

Messongo is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348850" title="Miona, Virginia">
Miona, Virginia

Miona is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348852" title="Dębowa Łąka">
Dębowa Łąka

Dębowa Łąka () is a village in Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dębowa Łąka. It lies approximately east of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 750.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348854" title="Kurkocin">
Kurkocin

Kurkocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Łąka, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Dębowa Łąka, south-east of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 337.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348856" title="Łukasz Kadziewicz">
Łukasz Kadziewicz

Łukasz Kadziewicz (born September 20, 1980 in Dobre Miasto), is a volleyball player from Poland. He competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens and in the Volleyball World League in 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2007. In 2006 he took part in the Volleyball World Championship, where the Polish team finished as runners-up.
For his sport achievements, he received: <br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348859" title="Mount Nebo, Virginia">
Mount Nebo, Virginia

Mount Nebo is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348862" title="Lipnica, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Lipnica, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Lipnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Łąka, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dębowa Łąka, south-east of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 390.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348866" title="Łobdowo">
Łobdowo

Łobdowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Łąka, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Dębowa Łąka, south-east of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348871" title="Małe Pułkowo">
Małe Pułkowo

Małe Pułkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Łąka, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dębowa Łąka, south-east of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348872" title="Mount Zion, Virginia">
Mount Zion, Virginia

Mount Zion is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348874" title="Andrés de Pez">
Andrés de Pez

Andrés de Pez y Malzarraga (Cadiz, 1657 – Madrid, May 7, 1723) was a Spanish Naval commander and founder of Pensacola, Florida.
Life and career.
Andrés de Pez was born into a naval tradition. His father and older brother were Spanish Naval captains. By the age of 16, de Pez had also entered the Spanish Navy, sailing to and from the Americas.
In 1676, he fought the French in the Battle of Palermo, where his brother and father were killed. He then became a company commander in the Caribbean, guarding Spanish ships and colonies from foreign attackers and pirates. He earned a reputation for outstanding bravery and efficiency, being wounded five times.
He was selected to explore and claim the largely unmapped coasts of the northern Gulf of Mexico. He participated as second in command on three of these voyages between 1688 and 1689. 
Here he saw the opportunities of Pensacola Bay as a deep-water bay that could be easily defended from approach with land.
Pez sailed to Spain to convince the War Council of the need to establish a stronghold along the shores of Pensacola Bay. After much opposition, he finally received funds for an official reconnaissance of the bay, and a promotion to the rank of admiral. Admiral de Pez returned to New Spain (Mexico) in the fall of 1692 and began plans for the expedition that would lead to the first successful European colonization of Pensacola.
De Pez sailed from "Veracruz" on March 25, 1693 taking with him the pre-imminent scientist and cartographer Don Carlos de Siguenza y Gongora. They carried with them 120 sailors and 20 infantrymen in two ships: the frigate, Neustra Senora de Guadalupe, and the sloop, San Jose. The expedition entered the bay on April 7. Siguenza named the bay Bahia Santa Maria de Galve.
De Pez returned to the south and commanded the entire Windward Fleet until 1701.
During the War of the Spanish Succession, he supported the Bourbon King Philip V of Spain and fought the British, Dutch and Catalans who supported Charles VI of Austria. He served as captain general of the Indies fleet from 1708 to 1710. Pez became in 1715 a member of Spain's Supreme War Council. In 1717 he was named governor of the Council of the Indies, and was named secretary of state and navy in 1721.
Current Times.
The all men's mardi gras krewe Andres de Pez pays homage to the honor and memory of Andres de Pez. The krewe members wear bright red tabards and traditional Spanish dress.

</doc>
<doc id="18348876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348876" title="Niedźwiedź, Wąbrzeźno County">
Niedźwiedź, Wąbrzeźno County

Niedźwiedź is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Łąka, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dębowa Łąka, south-east of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348882" title="Wielkie Pułkowo">
Wielkie Pułkowo

Wielkie Pułkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Łąka, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Dębowa Łąka, south-east of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348883" title="WANY (AM)">
WANY (AM)

WANY (1390 AM) is a radio station licensed to Albany, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Pamela Allred.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18348884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348884" title="Wielkie Radowiska">
Wielkie Radowiska

Wielkie Radowiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Łąka, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dębowa Łąka, south-east of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348886" title="Mutton Hunk, Virginia">
Mutton Hunk, Virginia

Mutton Hunk is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348895" title="Nandua, Virginia">
Nandua, Virginia

Nandua is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348899" title="Nash Corner, Virginia">
Nash Corner, Virginia

Nash Corner is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348900" title="Blizienko">
Blizienko

Blizienko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książki, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
History.
Blizno and Blizienko are villages, located by the road Radzyń Chełmiński – Jabłonowo Pomorskie, are mentioned in historical sources for the first time towards the end of the 13th century. These two villages border on each other and the border between them runs near the bridge which separates two lakes. Meinhard Von Queufurt, the country master of the Order of Teutonic Knights, granted 34 włóka in Blizno to a men named Mirogniew. At that time, Blizienko was owned by Jan from Blizienko, and in the mid-14th century the Order of Teutonic Knights founded in its area a manor subordinate to the castle in Radzyń. Jan, the village leader of Blizienko (sołtys), gained sołectwo and 4 włóka of arable land free from rent in the village Zielnowo from the Order of Teutonic Knights in 1365. Blizno had 8 free włóka, but it was partially abandoned after the war in 1414. 8 local peasants were killed and the Order of Teutonic Knights estimated the losses at 1400 grzywna (a monetary unit). A few interesting facts come from 1570 – there was an inn, also a brewer and a blacksmith lived in the village. Augustyn, the village leader, was cultivating 8 włóka free from rent, according to the old privilege. King Sigismund Augustus granted the village leader a right to fish in lake Jędro, collect dry wood in the forest and a right to profits from the inn. Both villages, Blizno and Blizienko, belonged to the parish in Rywałd and both during the period of the Partitions of Poland were colonised by Germans. According to information from the second half of the 19th century, only 29 out of 308 inhabitants of Blizno were Poles. However, in Blizienko there were more than 100 out of 182 inhabitants were of Polish nationality. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348902" title="Blizno">
Blizno

Blizno may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348905" title="Blizno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Blizno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Blizno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książki, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
History.
Blizno and Blizienko are villages, located by the road Radzyń Chełmiński – Jabłonowo Pomorskie, are mentioned in historical sources for the first time towards the end of the 13th century. These two villages border on each other and the border between them runs near the bridge which separates two lakes. Meinhard Von Queufurt, the country master of the Order of Teutonic Knights, granted 34 włóka in Blizno to a men named Mirogniew. At that time, Blizienko was owned by Jan from Blizienko, and in the mid-14th century the Order of Teutonic Knights founded in its area a manor subordinate to the castle in Radzyń. Jan, the village leader of Blizienko (sołtys), gained sołectwo and 4 włóka of arable land free from rent in the village Zielnowo from the Order of Teutonic Knights in 1365. Blizno had 8 free włóka, but it was partially abandoned after the war in 1414. 8 local peasants were killed and the Order of Teutonic Knights estimated the losses at 1400 grzywna (a monetary unit). A few interesting facts come from 1570 – there was an inn, also a brewer and a blacksmith lived in the village. Augustyn, the village leader, was cultivating 8 włóka free from rent, according to the old privilege. King Sigismund Augustus granted the village leader a right to fish in lake Jędro, collect dry wood in the forest and a right to profits from the inn. Both villages, Blizno and Blizienko, belonged to the parish in Rywałd and both during the period of the Partitions of Poland were colonised by Germans. According to information from the second half of the 19th century, only 29 out of 308 inhabitants of Blizno were Poles. However, in Blizienko there were more than 100 out of 182 inhabitants were of Polish nationality. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348906" title="Lawrence C. Becker">
Lawrence C. Becker

Lawrence C. Becker (born 1939) is an American philosopher working mainly in the areas of ethics and social, political, and legal philosophy. He is the author of books and journal articles on justice, stoicism, reciprocity, property rights, and metaethics. He was an associate editor of the journal "Ethics" from 1985-2000, and the editor, with the librarian Charlotte B. Becker, of two editions of the Encyclopedia of Ethics.
Becker is a Fellow of Hollins University, where he taught philosophy from 1965-1989, and is Professor of Philosophy Emeritus from the College of William & Mary, where he was the William R. Kenan, Jr. Professor in the Humanities and Philosophy from 1989-2001. 
From 2000-2011 he was on the volunteer Board of Directors of Post-Polio Health International, and served as its President and Chair from 2006-2009.
External links.
Bio blurb and CV at http://www.bookwork.net/Content%20pages/BW-bio-LCB.htm

</doc>
<doc id="18348907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348907" title="Brudzawki">
Brudzawki

Brudzawki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książki, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Książki, north-east of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
History.
The village was most probably founded in 13th century. According to the documents of the Order of Teutonic Knights, it was called Kl. Brusau, Klein Brudzaw, Browse, Bruschaw, Brusau. The name might come from „brnąć” – “to wade” – the settlement was located on the flooded areas through which inhabitants were wading. The land was cultivated only on hills. In 15th century the village was owned by Osieczkowski family. In 1561 Mateusz Osieczkowski sold it to Jan Działyński. Olędrzy colonised Brudzawki in 1720. Their task was to drain the land and then bring it under cultivation. In 1773 there were 17 homesteads and a school which survived to the present day. Brudzawki was separated on 20 August 1828. The commune covered 627 ha. After 1914 Poles bought farms from Germans. When Pomerania was joined to Poland, the village became a part of Pomeranian Province. 
On 8 September 1939 an operation unit of the security police of the Reich shot 50 Poles in a place where sand was mined, located by the road Książki – Brudzawki. To cover up the crime, Nazis exhumed the corpses by burning them on the spot in 1944. There is a monument and a plaque with the names of the people killed there. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348908" title="OmniGuide">
OmniGuide

OmniGuide, Inc. is a private medical device company developing and commercializing minimally-invasive surgical tools. Founded in 2000, OmniGuide's manufacturing facilities and executive offices are located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA. The Company’s manufacturing plant, located at OmniGuide’s headquarters in Cambridge, Massachusetts, has manufacturing processes that provide the capability to manufacture fibers with semiconductor level tolerances and microscopic layers in a scalable manner.
Technology.
The technology is based on the revolutionary photonic bandgap fiber invented at MIT, published in Nature and Science and subsequently licensed exclusively to the company. The first flexible fiber-optic surgical scalpel capable of delivering CO2 laser light has been developed using this technology.

</doc>
<doc id="18348909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348909" title="The Oaks, Virginia">
The Oaks, Virginia

The Oaks is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348911" title="Książki">
Książki

Książki () is a village in Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Książki. It lies approximately north-east of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 1,900.
History.
In 1635, 8 families from Silesia settled in Książki. However, a true beginning of the village is 24 June 1638 – the date when a charter according to the Olęder law (the Dutch law) was granted by duchess Anna Katarzyna Konstancja, starost of Brodnica. She settled German colonists there (so called Olędrzy). In historical sources appears a German name Ksionsken. The village became a member of the starosty of Brodnica. Olędrzy were colonists from the area of the present day Netherlands, Denmark and Rhineland. They were settling in the Duchy of Prussia (Prusy Książęce) and Royal Prussia (Prusy Królewskie) since the half of the 16th century, mainly in Żuławy and Greater Poland. They were reclaiming floodlands and boggy areas, as well as introducing new agricultural techniques. In the 17th and 18th century the name “Olędrzy” was associated with colonists in general, as well as with Poles with long-term lease who settled in the area of north-western Poland. Olęder planting of towns in Poland was a part of the great settlement movement in the area covering not only mentioned regions in Poland but also north coasts of Germany and Denmark. Olędrzy, mainly German colonists, were settling willingly in the area of north-western Poland because they were granted there economic privileges: lease, rent, end of serfdom, Lutherans – freedom of worship, tithe exemption.
The name “Ksionsken” (similar to "Books") does not stem from a book. It should be associated with Ksiądz (Priest) or, more probably, with Książę (Duke). It should be remembered that the charter was granted by the owner of the village, duchess Anna Katarzyna Konstancja, starost of Brodnica.
According to the record of church inspection which took place in 1672, there were Wielkie (Great) and Małe (Small) Książki. They were Dutch villages which were not paying tithe. Małe Książki, a Dutch village, was granted to settlers (there were 51 of them in 1738) in 1720 for 30 years. In 1744 starost of Brodnica had taken Książki Małe on perpetual lease. Starost Pleskowski prolonged the lease for 40 years in 1750. In 1773 Książki was inhabited by 56 peasant families (including 4 Catholics). There was a wooden church dating from 1720. It was surrounded by a cemetery, there was also a bell tower on a scaffolding. An evangelical school was functioning there. When in 1797 the Prussian government sold the estate, it was covering 35 włóka (1 włóka chełmińska = 17.955 ha), 20 morga (1 morga = about 1 ha), 91 pręt (1 pręt = 5.0292 m) of arable land, 3 włóka of meadows and a big peat bog. According to the record from 1797, the estate Małe Książki was obliged to: pay rent for the government cashier office in Brodnica, provide feed for cavalry, provide horses in case of the king’s visit in the country, send people for wolf hunting and building fortifications and churches, transport alcohol from the brewery in Kruszyn, maintain flows and drainage ditches from the Sitnowski Canal which were crossing the area of the estate. The land was often changing its owners. In 1828 it was owned by widow Wierzbicka (her maiden name) from Trzcian. In the same year 61 peasants were granted freehold (46 włóka); they were obliged to maintain the Sitnowski Canal. 3 plots were added to Małe Książki in 1873. They previously belonged to Niemieckie (German) Łopatki and were exchanged for 360.08 ha which was used for building the railway Toruń-Olsztyn. The estate changed its owner once again in 1877. One year later, Małe Książki was renamed as “Gut Hohenkirch”. Until 1872 the estate changed its owner twice. The name “Hohenkirch” was used till 1868. A church was being built from 24 July 1868 to 18 June 1869. In 1900 a 4-class school, and 2-class school were under construction. Baptists established in Książki a chapel in 1864.
The evolution of the name “Książki”.
Książki within the space of about 300 years was changing its name:
- When it was located, in 1638, it was called Ksionsken.
- According to the evangelical community of Książki record of baptisms, marriages and deaths, the name was spelled Gros Xiążken (Wielkie Książki). There was also Małe Książki (Klein Xiążken – a landed estate, after the Second World War it was a state- owned farm – Polish PGR).
- In the 19th century, until 1878, an original name was used. (Ksionsken).
- Since 26 June 1878 German administration introduced a new name: Hohenkirch (a high church) after a church existing to the present day is finished.
- After regaining independence of Pomerania, 20 January 1920, the village was given the Polish name Książki.
- From 6 September 1939 to 22 January 1945 (occupation), Germans reintroduced and used the name Hohenkirch
- On 24 January 1945, after regaining independence, the village was given its prewar name – Książki.
It is an interesting detail that in 1902 a new brickyard opened by a landed estate (Małe Książki), which was functioning until 1943, was inscribing on their bricks the name “Ksionsken”. In the records of a Catholic church in Lemborg, that village is called “Xiążki”.
Monuments.
- the parish church dedicated to the Holy Trinity from 1867 and a presbytery
- a primary school - the end of the 19th century
- a house at Główna Street from 1908
- the post office – the beginning of the 20th century
- a cottage from the 19th century
- Teacher’s House, the beginning of the 20th century
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348912" title="Łopatki">
Łopatki

Łopatki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348913" title="WANY-FM">
WANY-FM

WANY-FM (100.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Albany, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Pamela Allred Dba Albany Broadcasting Company.

</doc>
<doc id="18348917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348917" title="Łopatki, Wąbrzeźno County">
Łopatki, Wąbrzeźno County

Łopatki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książki, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
History.
In the distant past and in the period of the first Piasts this area was covered with impenetrable forests and impassable bogs, full of wild animals, like any other part of Poland at that time. It was already inhabited. People who lived there were providing the court with wooden paddles (“paddle” – “łopata” in Polish, so the name Łopatki stems from “łopata”). Łopatki is mentioned by the Order of Teutonic Knights' chronicler Konrad. He writes that Łopatki was under the control of the Teutonic commander who resided in Kowalewo and then in Grudziądz. In Teutonic times the area was colonised by people from Silesia. The village was called then Kieslingswalde. There was a church in the settlement then. The village covered 84 włóka. It was completely destroyed by the fire in 1410. Only a church remained but it was plundered in 1410, during the war. It was burnt a second time in 1656 and was not used for a long time. In 1414-1438 the land was lying fallow. It was gradually reclaimed and in 1446 only 4 włóka were not used. Over the course of time, for some unknown reason, the settlement became depopulated. The land became the property of Jerzy from Konopatu. He erected some buildings. In 1640 Łopatki consisted of: a manor, free sołectwo (the lowest unit of local administration, usually comprising a single village; village council office nowadays), 2 lemaństwo (a land given to a soldier). There lived more than 40 peasant families, a lot of them were poor and had to hire themselves out for work. Inhabitants were regarded as the best taxpayers. Łopatki was almost completely plundered during the Second Swedish War. After the war, the village was colonised by Germans. On 20 April 1769 Łopatki was given to Mikołaj Czapski, then the estate was requisitioned by the Prussian government. Łopatki Niemieckie (German Łopatki), Łopatki Polskie (Polish Łopatki), as well as Buczek, became the property of Lubtov, a German major. After colonising a patron estate and a maron “Braunsrode”, Jarantowice, Sitno and Frydrychowo (from the parish Wąbrzeźno) was added to the parish to reinforce it. When the estate Łopatki became the owner of a patron land, it was obliged in 1853 to rebuild a church. That duty was taken over by the canon Sampławski from Radzyń in 1864 because the Catholic community had only 282 inhabitants. When German settlers where founding the village Niemieckie Łopatki, sołectwo was ruled by Rafał Prądzyński. Prądzyński family owned sołectwo with lemaństwo covering 379 morga until 1837 when the estate became the property of the Estate Łopatki. Freehold was granted in 1826. The boundaries of the land were changed because the estate wanted to have its land enclosed within one complex.
In 1928 Łopatki was inhabited by 2087 Poles, 1000 Germans, 923 Baptists.
Monuments.
- the early medieval fortification
- the parish church dedicated to Saint Maria Magdalena from the 14th century
- a manor house, the 19 th/20th century
- a primary school from the beginning of the 20th century
- a cemetery where people killed in the Second World War in Łopatki are buried - A place where sand was mined, a diameter of 70 m, located by the road Łopatki-Szczuplinki (about 2 km). Poles were killed there by the Nazis in autumn 1939. Germans were bringing people who were captured and imprisoned in Wąbrzeźno there. They shot about 150 prisoners each time. The killed were buried in mass graves. The massacre lasted for 6 weeks, from the beginning of December 1939. In 1994, in order to cover up the crime, Nazis exhumed and burnt corpses. The exact number of the killed is unknown. The documents of Rada Ochrony Pomników Walki i Męczeństwa (The Council for the Protection of Struggle and Martyrdom Sites) mention about 2400 victims, including 25 women and a few priests. There is a memorial commemorating the victims in that place now.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348920" title="Parker Landing, Virginia">
Parker Landing, Virginia

Parker Landing is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348922" title="Osieczek, Wąbrzeźno County">
Osieczek, Wąbrzeźno County

Osieczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książki, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Książki, east of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
History.
The first information about Osieczek dates from 1222. However, the village existed much earlier, which is proved by the remains of the early medieval fortification. It was located on the shore of Jezioro Wielkie, about 750 m in a north-east direction from the present day centre of the village. The medieval fortification was surrounded by 4–5 m high embankment, which was made of earth and wood (you can see the remains even today), and by moat, due to which the fortification was completely cut off from the land. That fortification existed probably from the 10th to the end of the 13th century. It was used by country dwellers as a shelter in case of attack of Prussian tribes which happened very often. At the very beginning of Poland, Osieczek belonged to Chełmno Land (ziemia chełmińska) which was ruled by the first Piasts. The village became the property of the Order of the Teutonic Knights of St. Mary's Hospital in Jerusalem (for short the Teutonic Order) in 1226. As a result of the administrative changes, Osieczek became a part of the commandership Brodnica (komturstwo brodnickie). The village was owned by Jeśke von ritter Mosseken (Jan from Osieczek) at the time. In 1450 it was passed into Jakob von Mossegh’s hands and in 1499 into Johanes Osyeczkowski’s hands. Descendants of the latter sold the village to voivode Jan Działyński. He owned 2621 włóka of land, 118 buildings, 72 houses, 3 inns, a watermill, a brewery and a distillery. He was also maintaining a church and added a tower and a chapel with vault to it. The latter was designed for the family tomb of the founders. During Swedish wars the village was completely destroyed and depopulated. It faced also the outbreak of a cholera epidemic which decimated inhabitants. The remains of these horrible days are statues standing at the ends of the village where the sick were being buried. After the second Swedish war, Olędrzy were brought to the village. Towards the end of the 17th century, Działyński family gave Osieczek to Benedictine nuns from Grudziądz who moved into the village. Działyński family bought Osieczek from the order in 1770. The land was leased to Pokrzywnicki and Piwnicki. Osieczek became a member of the parish Nieżywięć and belonged to it until 1920. Prussian authorities built a school in 1840. It is a building of historic interest today. During the period of Partitions of Poland, inhabitants of Osieczek were opposing Prussian authorities very strongly. The proof of it may be a peasant who as the first in Poland moved to a cart in 1905 (before a famous Drzymała). After the Polish army took over Pomerania from Germans, the village came back to the motherland after 123 years.
Monuments.
- the remains of the medieval fortification
- the parish church dedicated to Saint Katarzyna from 1222 
- a cottage owned by J. Lewandowski, the 19th century
- a cottage owned by A. Janke, the 19th century
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348925" title="Aughintober Pipe Band">
Aughintober Pipe Band

Aughintober Pipe Band is a Great Highland Bagpipe Band and comes from Castlecaulfield, which is a small village in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.
Current Band Members.
Pipe Corps
Bass Section
Drum Corps
Achievements in RSPBA Competition.
2012, Grade 2
2011, Grade 2
2010, Grade 2
2009, Grade 3A
2008, Grade 3A
2007, Grade 3A
2006, Grade 3B
2005, Grade 4A
2004, Grade 4A
2001, Grade 4B
External links.
Aughintober Official Website [http://www.aughintoberpipeband.com]
References.
Royal Scottish Pipe Band Association [http://www.rspba.org]

</doc>
<doc id="18348926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348926" title="Szczuplinki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Szczuplinki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Szczuplinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książki, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Książki, north of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 170.
History.
The first information about Szczuplinki dates back to 1268. It was when Chełmno Land (ziemia chełmińska) was raided by Prussians. Invaders burnt a fortification belonging to Cippel, a liege knight. Jeroschin, a chronicler, in a document dating from 1335 spells Cippel’s name as Zipfil. According to the oldest sources of the Order of the Teutonic Knights, the village Szczuplinki (called Czhippiln) covered about 13 włóka. In a book from 1444, in which damage and losses were written down, the village is called Schippelsdorf. It was owned by Johannes von Czyppelyn (Jan from Szczuplinki). Other information about that settlement dates from 1667, so from a church inspection of the canon Strzesz in a church in Radzyń. It states that the village was the property of Łukasz Trzciński, a country gentleman. During the Swedish invasion of Poland in 1655-1660, the village was completely destroyed. It was owned by Tomasz Czapski in 1776. Its next owner was Jakub Zaleski. Konstancja Małachowska (maiden name Zaleska) granted the estate to farmers who lived there in perpetual lease. The village was sold to the descendants of leaseholders in 1835. Szczuplinki became a part of Poland once again in 1920. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348927" title="Pastoria, Virginia">
Pastoria, Virginia

Pastoria is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 649.

</doc>
<doc id="18348928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348928" title="Zaskocz">
Zaskocz

Zaskocz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książki, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Książki, north-east of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 430.
History.
From the beginning of 15th century, it was a feudal land belonging to Jan Cegenberg (Jan from Cymbark). In 1410 the fire completely destroyed the estate and the land (30 włóka) was lying fallow for a long time. In September 1628 the village was severely damaged by Swedes who were marching on Brodnica along Radzyń – Zaskocz route. During the Second Swedish War 1655-1660 Zaskocz and Łopatki fell prey to the fire. However, fertile soil attracted new settlers. In 1682 the village had three owners: Znaniecki, Strachowski and Pawłowski. In 1704 Pawłowski became the owner of Zaskocz. He added some land to it and called the whole “Zaskocz”. In 1784 the estate covered 40 włóka of arable and grazing land, 22 włóka of not used pasture, as well as 8 włóka of forest. The village consisted of: one dwelling house with outbuildings, a distillery, a brewery, an orchard and three vegetable gardens, one manor, a roadside inn, a windmill, two carp ponds and 24 workers’ homesteads which were very poor. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348930" title="The Big Question (TV series)">
The Big Question (TV series)

The Big Question is a five-part science documentary television series broadcast in the United Kingdom on the Five channel, beginning January 2004 and continuing into 2005. In the North American market, it has been re-released on the Discovery Science network. Each half-hour episode is hosted by a renowned authority, and examines the following provocative questions:
The series attracted controversy and criticism from creationists, as well as praise from other reviewers.

</doc>
<doc id="18348937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348937" title="Pennyville, Virginia">
Pennyville, Virginia

Pennyville is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348941" title="Persimmon Point, Virginia">
Persimmon Point, Virginia

Persimmon Point is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348943" title="Bągart, Wąbrzeźno County">
Bągart, Wąbrzeźno County

Bągart is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348945" title="Piggen, Virginia">
Piggen, Virginia

Piggen is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348948" title="Bartoszewice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bartoszewice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bartoszewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płużnica, west of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348950" title="Poulson, Virginia">
Poulson, Virginia

Poulson is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348952" title="Red Hill, Virginia">
Red Hill, Virginia

Red Hill is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348953" title="9th Operations Group">
9th Operations Group

The 9th Operations Group (9th OG) is the operational flying component of the 9th Reconnaissance Wing, stationed at Beale Air Force Base, California.
The 9th OG's mission is to organize, train and equip Lockheed U-2R, RQ-4 Global Hawk and MC-12W Liberty combat elements for peacetime intelligence gathering, contingency operations, conventional war fighting and Emergency War Order support.
It is a descendant organization of the 9th Group (Observation), one of the 15 original combat air groups formed by the Army before World War II. It is the fourth oldest active group in the USAF, and the seventh created following the establishment of the U.S. Air Service. During World War II, the 9th Bombardment Group (Very Heavy), was a B-29 Superfortress group assigned to Twentieth Air Force flying bombardment operations against Japan. Its aircraft were identified by a "X" inside a Circle painted on the tail.
History.
Origins.
The 1st Squadron was the first squadron organized in the air force, formed on 5 March 1913, at Texas City, Texas, as the 1st Aero Squadron. In March 1916, the 1st Aero Squadron, with Captain Benjamin D. Foulois as commander, supported General "Black Jack" Pershing's punitive expeditions into Mexico. Pancho Villa had raided Columbus, New Mexico, and Pershing pursued and hoped to capture him. On 16 March 1916, Captain T.F. Dodd, with Captain Foulois as observer, flew the first American aerial reconnaissance mission in combat. The wavy line in the middle of the wing's emblem represents the Rio Grande and the 1st Aero Squadron's operations in 1916. The 5th Aero Squadron was organized in 1917 at Kelly Field, Texas, and served as a flying training unit.
World War I.
Between 12 and 15 September 1918, they joined the great air armada of 1,481 airplanes in a massive air offensive in the St. Mihiel sector of France. The squadrons also participated in the Champagne-Marne, Aisne-Marne, and Meuse-Argonne combat operations. The four black crosses on the wing's emblem commemorate these air battles.
Between the wars.
From June to September 1921 both squadrons served as part of the "1st Provisional Air Brigade", organized by Brig. Gen. William L. Mitchell to demonstrate aerial bombardment of battleships.
Originally created as the 9th Observation Group on 19 July 1922, as part of the U.S. Army Air Service, the group was organized on 1 August 1922, at Mitchel Field, New York. The squadrons assigned to the group were the 1st and 5th Aero Squadrons (Observation), both re-designated bomb squadrons in March 1935. From 1923 to 1929, both squadrons of the 9th were reassigned to higher echelons, but remained in actuality a part of the group. From 1922 to 1940, they also trained, took part in maneuvers, and participated in air shows. The 99th Observation Squadron, organized at Kelly Field in 1917 and earning four campaign streamers in France, was added to the 9th Group on 9 November 1928, and on 15 February 1929, all three squadrons were assigned permanently. The 9th Observation Group used the Airco DH.4 for its observation airplane between 1922 and 1928, and the Curtiss O-1B Falcon from 1928 to 1935.
The Air Service became the U.S. Army Air Corps on 2 July 1926.
The 9th was re designated the ‘’’9th Bombardment Group’’’ in 1935, and early that year, the Air Corps re-organized, with all combat groups within the continental United States being centrally controlled for the first time, under a new command organization called General Headquarters Air Force. The role of observation as the primary function of the air arm had been de-emphasized in the creation of eight new groups between 1927 and 1932. With the creation of GHQAF it was further de-emphasized and the 9th was converted into a bombardment group. Made a part of the 2nd Wing, the 9th BG was responsible for the air defense of the East Coast of the United States.
The group's designation was changed to the 9th Bombardment Group on 19 February 1935, the 9th Bombardment Group (Medium) on 6 December 1939, and the 9th Bombardment Group (Heavy) on 20 November 1940. During the period 1935–1940 the 9th Bombardment Group trained aircrews, took part in maneuvers, and participated in air shows, equipped with Keystone B-6 (1935–36), Martin B-10 (1936–38), and the B-18 Bolo (1938–1942).
The 9th moved to Rio Hato, Panama, on 12 November 1940, to serve as part of the defense force for the Panama Canal. The 44th Reconnaissance Squadron stationed at Albrook Field, Panama Canal Zone, was attached to the 9th on 20 November 1940. In addition to 5 additional B-18's it provided a single B-17B Flying Fortress to the group. The group later hunted German U-boats in the Caribbean.
The 9th Bombardment Group relocated in a series of moves to Caribbean bases to conduct antisubmarine patrols. The 1st Bomb Squadron moved to Piarco Airport, Trinidad, on 24 April 1941; followed by the 5th Bomb Squadron to Beane Field, Saint Lucia, on 28 September; the group headquarters squadron to Waller Field, Trinidad, on 30 October (where it was joined by the 1st Bomb Squadron); the 44th Reconnaissance Squadron to Atkinson Field, British Guiana, on 4 November; and the 99th Bomb Squadron to Zandrey Field, Surinam, on 3 December 1941.
World War II.
Anti-Submarine Patrols.
The 44th Recon Squadron was formally assigned to the 9th Bombardment Group on 25 February 1942, and re designated the 430th Bombardment Squadron on 22 April. The group's Headquarters Squadron was disbanded on 22 July 1942. The 1st Bomb Squadron changed stations to Edinburg Field, Trinidad, on 23 August, and the group was assigned to the Antilles Air Task Force on 18 September, where it continued antisubmarine patrols and conducted reconnaissance of the Vichy French fleet at Martinique, using B-18 aircraft from a base in Trinidad. It then returned without personnel or equipment to the United States on 31 October 1942.
Army Air Force School of Applied Tactics.
The 9th Bombardment Group's assets were transferred to the 25th Bombardment Group and it was returned without personnel or equipment to the US in October 1942, where it was reconstituted as part of the Army Air Force School of Applied Tactics (AAFSAT) at Orlando Army Air Base, Florida. The group's squadrons were assigned as school squadrons, with the 1st located at Brooksville Army Air Field, the 5th at Pinecastle Army Air Field, and the 99th at Montbrook Army Air Field, Florida. These used B-17 Flying Fortress, B-24 Liberator, and B-26 Marauder aircraft to train cadres for 44 bomb groups in organization and operations, performed bombing pattern tests, experimented with 3-plane formations to attack moving ships, and performed over a hundred equipment tests.
B-29 Superfortress.
On 3 March 1944, the ‘’’9th Bombardment Group’’’ was established on paper at Dalhart Army Airfield, Texas, as part of the 313th Bombardment Wing, to organize and train for B-29 operations in the Western Pacific. The 9th helped to develop operational bombardment tactics and tested special devices and equipment during this time.
During April, the key personnel of the new group (including group commander Col. Donald Eisenhart and Deputy Group Commander Lt.Col. Henry Huglin) assembled at Dalhart, forming the command and operations cadres, and were transferred with the group to McCook Army Airfield, Nebraska. After a brief period establishing the units at McCook, the cadre of group and squadron operations staffs went by train to the Army Air Force School of Applied Tactics in Orlando, Florida. This occurred during May for the 4-week training course in organizing and conducting combat operations with very heavy bomb group units.
While the cadre was training in Florida, an influx of new personnel continued at McCook.
After the return of the group and squadron cadres in June 1944, the squadrons organized new combat crews and the group conducted an intensive program of ground and flying training using B-17 aircraft to practice takeoffs, landings, instrument and night flying, cross-country navigation, high altitude formation flying, and bombing and gunnery practice.
The 9th Group had been forced to use B-17's in its training because the development of the B-29 as an operational weapon had been plagued since an early flight test on 28 December 1942, resulted in an engine fire. This culminated in a massive emergency modification program in the winter of 1943–44 ordered by Chief of the U.S. Army Air Forces, General Henry H. Arnold, and nicknamed the "Battle of Kansas". In particular the program sought to resolve a spate of problems with serious engine fires and faulty gunnery central fire control systems. All B-29s modified in this program were diverted to the 58th Bombardment Wing to meet President Franklin D. Roosevelt's commitment to China to have B-29's deployed to the China Burma India Theater in the spring of 1944. This commitment inadvertently led to there being no available aircraft to equip the 12 new groups being formed in the 73rd, 313th, and 314th Bombardment Wings.
Pacific Theater.
The 9th Group received its first training B-29 on 13 July 1944. After four further months of training, Col. Eisenhart declared the unit ready for movement overseas, and its ground echelon left McCook for the Seattle, Washington, port of embarkation on 18 November 1944, traveling by the troopship U.S.S. Cape Henlopen to the Mariana Islands on a voyage that required thirty days. The ground echelon of the group debarked at Tinian on 28 December and was assigned a camp on the west side of the island between the two airfields.
The air echelon of the 9th Bombardment Group began its overseas movement in January 1945 by sending the combat crews to Herington Field, Kansas, where over a three-week period they accepted 37 new B-29s. The first bombers left their staging field at Mather Army Airfield, California on 15 January 1945, and proceeded individually by way of Hickam Field, Hawaii, and Kwajalein to North Field, Tinian, with the first five arriving on 18 January 1945. The last of the original 37 airplanes to reach Tinian arrived on 12 February, by which time the group had already flown its first combat mission.
The 9th Bombardment Group was one of four groups of the 313th Bombardment Wing stationed at North Field as part of XXI Bomber Command, Twentieth Air Force. It was assigned the Unit identification aircraft markings of the letter "X" above a small black triangle symbol, both placed above the aircraft's tail fin serial and victor number (a one- or two-digit number assigned an airplane to identify it individually both within the group and squadron). The group carried this marking until April, when the 313th Wing changed its marking to that of a circle in black to outline a group letter.
The 9th Bombardment Group conducted four training missions against the Japanese-held Maug Islands in the Northern Marianas on 27, 29, 31 January, and 6 February. Its first combat mission took place on 9 February 1945 with 30 aircraft bombing a Japanese naval airfield located on the island of Moen at Truk atoll (now known as the Chuuk Islands). Flown by day at an altitude of 25,000 feet, it was in actuality a further training mission, encountering no opposition.
The second group mission was a pre-invasion bombing of Iwo Jima on 12 February, one week prior to D-Day for Operation Detachment. The capture of Iwo Jima had as its objective an emergency landing field for Twentieth Air Force bombers attacking Japan and a base for P-51D Mustang and P-47N Thunderbolt fighters to fly escort and strafing missions.
The first mission to the Japanese home islands was the 9th Bombardment Group's fifth mission overall. It was flown on 25 February 1945. Again, a day mission flown at high altitude, the target was the port facilities of Tokyo. That same day Col. Eisenhart was made Operations Officer of the 339th Bombardment Wing and was succeeded in command of the group by Lt. Col. Huglin.
Unlike their counterparts in the Eighth Air Force and Fifteenth Air Forces, B-29s of the Twentieth Air Force did not assemble in defensive formations over friendly territory before proceeding on the mission. On daytime missions to Japan (which because of the seven-to-eight-hour flight time to Japan from the Marianas usually resulted in night takeoffs) B-29's took off from Tinian's multiple runways to shorten group launch times.
To conserve fuel and engine stress when the aircraft were at their heaviest, the bombers flew individually at low altitude, usually climbing to bombing altitude only in the last hour before rendezvous (dictated by weather conditions encountered). After 9 March bombing altitudes rarely exceeded 20,000 feet, reducing the amount of climb required to assemble and further conserving fuel and engine life. Flight profiles were carefully calculated during mission planning and recorded as detailed performance tables, specifying power settings and fuel consumption rates, and carried by the flight deck crews during the mission.
At a designated rendezvous point off the coast of Japan, lead B-29's (using colored-smoke generators to identify themselves) flew circles with a radius of a mile or more, at different altitudes and in different directions for squadrons within a group. Aircraft formed on the leader as they arrived, and it was not uncommon for formations to include aircraft from other groups that had been unable to locate their own group formation. If the mission plan called for a wing assembly, the lead group flew to a second assembly point and flew one large circle, measured in minutes and not distance, to allow following groups to join up. The formation stayed together only in the target area, breaking up again and reducing altitude to return to base (or Iwo Jima) individually.
Night missions had similar profiles to and from the target, except that aircraft did not assemble in the target area but bombed individually, guided by their own navigation systems and by the glow of fires started by pathfinder aircraft. In addition, bombing altitudes were rarely higher than 8,000 feet.
On the group's seventh mission, which lasted from 9 to 10 March 1945, XXI Bomber Command radically changed tactics at the direction of its commander, Maj.Gen. Curtis LeMay, attacking Tokyo's urban center by night with incendiary bombs and at altitudes of only 6,400 to 7,800 feet, resulting in one of the most destructive attacks in history. The mission resulted in the first two losses to the group when B-29s from both the 1st Bomb Squadron and 99th Bomb Squadrons were forced to crash-land at sea after they ran out of fuel while returning to Tinian. The crew of the 1st BS B-29 was rescued, but three members of the 99th BS crew were killed, including the Group Radar Officer.
The Tokyo fire raid was the first of five flown between 9 and 18 March, resulting in devastation of four urban areas (Tokyo, Nagoya, Osaka, and Kobe) and extensive civilian loss of life. The 9th Bombardment Group had its first bomber shot down on 16 March Kobe mission, and its second on 24 March 1945, attacking the Mitsubishi Aircraft factory at Nagoya (ironically the same crew that had ditched on 10 March).
On 27 March, the 9th Bombardment Group began a week of night missions sowing both acoustic and magnetic aerial anti-shipping mines in Japanese harbor approaches and Inland Sea ship passages, with a mission to block the Shimonoseki Straits. Attacks in April were a combination of night and medium altitude day missions against the Japanese aircraft industry, and beginning 18 April, three weeks of daytime attacks against Japanese airfields on Kyūshū launching "Kamikaze" attacks against U.S. naval forces at Okinawa.
The 9th Bombardment Group was awarded a Presidential Unit Citation for the mission of 15–16 April 1945, during which the 313th Bombardment Group flew B-29s for 1,500 miles at a low-level to avoid detection, over water, at night, to attack the heavily defended industrial area of Kawasaki, Japan. The group also attacked Kawasaki Heavy Industries at Kawasaki, Japan, a target judged to be "an important link in the component productive capacity...upon which industries in Tokyo and Yokahama depended."
Because of its strategic location between two heavily-defended areas, the objective was strongly guarded by masses of defenses both on the flanks and in the immediate target area, making the approach, the bomb run, and the break-away from the target extremely hazardous." The 9th Group, dispatching 33 aircraft on a "maximum effort", was the last group over the target. Japanese anti-aircraft defenses had by then determined the bombing altitude and direction of attack and the 9th Bombardment Group experienced close coordination between Japanese searchlights and anti-aircraft guns while over land, and accurate fire from flak boats on ingress and egress to the target area. 56 Japanese fighters were reported by returning crews, including a number of Kamikaze planes, with 2 claimed as shot down. Enemy searchlight, anti-aircraft guns, and flak boats destroyed four of the group's 33 bombers and damaged six others. Nevertheless, the attack demolished Kawasaki's strategic industrial district. The group earned a Distinguished Unit Emblem (DUE) for its actions.
On 18 May 1945, the 9th Bombardment Group resumed mine-laying operations, which continued through 28 May, for which the group was awarded its second Distinguished Unit Citation. Flying at night at 5,500 feet in what the citation stated was "the second most heavily-defended zone in Japan", the group sowed 1425 mines in 209 sorties with a 92% accuracy rate, primarily against Shimonoseki Straits and harbors on Kyūshū and the northwest coast of Honshū. This caused the 9th to win another DUE the following month that and the blocking of Inland Sea traffic as well as the isolation of important Japanese ports. During the mining campaign the 9th lost one B-29 on a takeoff accident on 20 May and a second in combat on 28 May.
On 1 June 9 Bombardment Group resumed a grim campaign of night incendiary raids against the remaining urban areas of Japan not previously attacked that continued to its final mission, 14 August 1945.
The 9th Bombardment Group flew 71 combat missions, three show-of-force flyover missions after the cessation of hostilities, and one mission to drop medical and food supplies to liberated prisoners-of-war. Total combat sorties for the group were 2,012, of which 1,843 were against the Japanese home islands. The group logged approximately 28,000 total hours of combat flight time and dropped approximately 12,000 tons of bombs and mines.
Of the 71 combat missions, 27 were incendiary raids, 14 mining operations (with 328 total sorties), 13 against airfields, 9 against aircraft production, and 9 against other industry or targets other than the home islands. 39 of the missions were flown at night, and 32 by day. Only six of the 71 combat missions were flown above 20,000 feet altitude.
The group began combat operations with 37 aircraft and ended them with 48 B-29's, with an average of 47 on hand and 33 in commission at any one time. 78 B-29's were assigned to the group at some point while it was stationed on Tinian, of which 5 were transferred to other groups. Of the remainder, 11 were shot down in combat or lost on return because of battle damage (a combat attrition rate of 16%), 2 were lost after running out of fuel, 1 crashed on takeoff, 1 crashed attempting to land, 4 were written off as salvage, and 3 were declared "war-weary" and retired from combat operations while being carried on the group inventory.
91 combat crews of eleven crewmembers each served with the 9th Bombardment Group on Tinian. 11 combat crews were lost (13%) on combat missions while 10 crews completed a full 35-mission tour by the end of hostilities (although 12 additional crews had accumulated 31 or more missions by 15 August 1945).
The 9th Bombardment Group (VH) had 153 total aircrew casualties:
The history of the group reports that part or all of 4 crews captured after parachuting over Japan were killed in a fire in Tokyo on 25 May 1945, when prison guards intentionally kept them confined for which the guards were later prosecuted for war crimes.
Post/Cold War.
Although partially demobilized with personnel and aircraft, the 9th returned to the United States, and moved to Clark Field in the Philippines on 15 April 1946. It relocated to Harmon Field on Guam on 9 June 1947, by which time it was largely a paper organization with few personnel or aircraft. The group was inactivated on Guam on 20 October 1948, and its squadrons re-assigned to other units.
On 1 May 1949 the 9th Strategic Reconnaissance Group and the 1st, 5th, and 99th Strategic Reconnaissance Squadrons were re-activated at Fairfield-Suisun Air Force Base, California. Upon activation, the group was assigned to the new 9th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing under the Hobson Plan. 
The 9th's mission was to obtain complete data through visual, photographic, electronic, and weather reconnaissance operations. To carry out this mission, the group flew RB-29 Superfortresses and a few RB-36 Peacemakers. The 9th Reconnaissance Technical Squadron also joined the 9th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing on 1 May 1949.
On 1 April 1950, the Air Force redesignated the 9th SRW as the 9th Bombardment Wing, Heavy, with similar redesignations of the 9th Group and the 1st, 5th, and 99th Squadrons. Seven months later, on 2 November, the wing and subordinate units were again re-designated to Bombardment, Medium with the transfer of the RB-36s, leaving the wing at B-29 Superfortress unit. In early February 1951, the Air Force realigned its flying operation and placed the flying squadrons directly under control of the wings. The Air Force, therefore, placed the 9th Bombardment Group in Records Unit status as part of the tri-deputate reorganization, then inactivated the group on 16 June 1952.
Modern era.
Reactivated as the 9th Operations Group on 1 September 1991 as part of the Objective Wing organization of the 9th Wing.
U-2s surveyed earthquake damage over California's Yucca Valley, in June and July 1992, and Northridge in 1994. The reconnaissance photographs helped geologists map surface ruptures, fault lines, and potential landslide sites. The pictures also pinpointed infrastructure damage and allowed local and national planners to assess the relief and recovery needs.
In the early 1990s personnel and aircraft provided reconnaissance coverage during the crises in Croatia and Bosnia-Hercegovina. Later, U-2s verified compliance with the Dayton Peace Accords that ended the immediate crisis. Then, when Serbia began the “ethnic cleansing” of Albanians in Kosovo, Operation Allied Force halted the killing and restored order. During Operation Allied Force, U-2s provided over 80% of the targeting intelligence for NATO forces. NATO leadership credited the U-2 with the destruction of 39 surface-to-air missile sites and 28 aircraft of the Serbian military.
During U.S. military operations in Afghanistan in late 2001 and Iraq in early 2003, the group also flew the unmanned RQ-4 Global Hawk aircraft. Serves as the sole manager for U-2 high-altitude reconnaissance aircraft.
Emblem.
The crest and motto were approved for the 9th Observation Group on 20 March 1924, and for the 9th Reconnaissance Wing on 1 July 1952. The shield, in black and green, represents the old colors of the Air Service parted by a wavy line representing the Rio Grande and the 1st Aero Squadron's operations in 1916. On the gold band are four black crosses representing four World War I offensives, Aisne-Marne, Champagne-Marne, Meuse-Argonne, and St. Mihiel, in which squadrons later assigned to the 9th Group (Observation) fought. The crest recalls the service in Mexico of the 1st Aero Squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="18348954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348954" title="Bielawy, Wąbrzeźno County">
Bielawy, Wąbrzeźno County

Bielawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Płużnica, west of Wąbrzeźno, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348956" title="Błędowo">
Błędowo

Błędowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348957" title="Błędowo, Wąbrzeźno County">
Błędowo, Wąbrzeźno County

Błędowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Płużnica, north-west of Wąbrzeźno, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348958" title="Rue, Virginia">
Rue, Virginia

Rue is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348963" title="Czaple, Wąbrzeźno County">
Czaple, Wąbrzeźno County

Czaple is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płużnica, west of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348967" title="Savage Town, Virginia">
Savage Town, Virginia

Savage Town is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 78.

</doc>
<doc id="18348970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348970" title="Dąbrówka, Wąbrzeźno County">
Dąbrówka, Wąbrzeźno County

Dąbrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Płużnica, west of Wąbrzeźno, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348973" title="Działowo">
Działowo

Działowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Płużnica, north-west of Wąbrzeźno, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 253.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348978" title="Goryń">
Goryń

Goryń may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18348979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348979" title="Shields, Accomack County, Virginia">
Shields, Accomack County, Virginia

Shields is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348982" title="Goryń, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Goryń, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Goryń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Płużnica, north-west of Wąbrzeźno, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348983" title="World Mill">
World Mill

The World Mill (also "heavenly mill", "cosmic mill" and variants) is a mytheme suggested as recurring in Indo-European and other mythologies. It involves the analogy of the cosmos or firmament and a rotating millstone.
The mytheme was extensively explored in Viktor Rydberg's 1886 "Investigations into Germanic Mythology". Donald Mackenzie described the World Mill’s symbolic relationship to the Swastika, and developed supposed analogs in Chinese, Egyptian, Babylonian, and AmerInd folklore.
Clive Tolley (1995) examined the significance of the mytheme in Indo-European and Finnish mythology. Tolley found that "the image of a cosmic mill, ambivalently churning out well-being or disaster, may be recognized in certain fragmentary myths", adding additional Indo-European and Finnish analogs of the mill to the material previously considered by Rydberg and others. Tolley comes to the conclusion that
Richard M. Dorson surveyed the views of 19th-century writers on the World Mill in his 1968 historical review, "Peasant Customs and Savage Myths: Selections from the British Folklorists", and the mytheme is discussed in the "Kommentar zu den Liedern der Edda", in regard to the Eddic poem, "Grottasöngr".

</doc>
<doc id="18348987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348987" title="Sign Post, Virginia">
Sign Post, Virginia

Sign Post is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348988" title="Józefkowo, Wąbrzeźno County">
Józefkowo, Wąbrzeźno County

Józefkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Płużnica, west of Wąbrzeźno, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348989" title="Narinder Nath Vohra">
Narinder Nath Vohra

Narinder Nath Vohra () (N. N. Vohra) (born May 5, 1936) is the current governor of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. He took over from S K Sinha on June 25, 2008. He is the first civilian governor of Jammu and Kashmir in 18 years after Jagmohan.
Vohra was educated at Punjab and Oxford Universities, and served in the IAS between 1959 and 1994. He served as Principal Secretary to Prime Minister I.K. Gujral in 1997-98 and was a member of the National Security Advisory Board from 1998 to 2001 when the NDA government was in power. He also headed the National Task Force on internal security and co-chaired the India-European Union Round Table in 2001. In between, he also served as director of the India International Centre and was chairman of the IDSA review committee. For his service to the nation, Vohra was awarded the Padma Vibhushan in 2007.
Since February 2003 until he became the governor, Vohra had been the Indian government's interlocutor in Kashmir. As such he had been holding wide-ranging discussions with both the elected representatives in the state and also the separatists in a bid to forge a common ground for the all-round development of the state. 
His first major action was to withdraw the controversial Amarnath shrine land transfer order.

</doc>
<doc id="18348990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348990" title="Kotnowo">
Kotnowo

Kotnowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Płużnica, north-west of Wąbrzeźno, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348991" title="Mgowo">
Mgowo

Mgowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Płużnica, north-west of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348992" title="Sinnickson, Virginia">
Sinnickson, Virginia

Sinnickson is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18348996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348996" title="Nowa Wieś Królewska, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Nowa Wieś Królewska, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Nowa Wieś Królewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Płużnica, north-west of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18348998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18348998" title="South Chesconessex, Virginia">
South Chesconessex, Virginia

South Chesconessex (listed as Southside Chesconessex by the Census Bureau) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 131.

</doc>
<doc id="18349003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349003" title="Orłowo, Wąbrzeźno County">
Orłowo, Wąbrzeźno County

Orłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Płużnica, west of Wąbrzeźno, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 392.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349005" title="South Point, Virginia">
South Point, Virginia

South Point is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18349006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349006" title="Ostrowo, Wąbrzeźno County">
Ostrowo, Wąbrzeźno County

Ostrowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Płużnica, west of Wąbrzeźno, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349008" title="Francisco Javier Vergara y Velasco">
Francisco Javier Vergara y Velasco

Francisco Javier Vergara y Velasco (* Popayán 1860 - Barranquilla † 1914) was a colombian geographer, cartographer and historian.
His major works are the "Nueva Geografía de Colombia" (1888, 1892 and 1901) and the "Atlas completo de geografía colombiana" (1906–1910), through which he won the Charles Manoir price of the Paris Geographical Society.
The anarchist French geographer Elisée Reclus based his chapter on Colombia in his "Nouvelle Géographie Universelle" on the works of Vergara y Velasco.

</doc>
<doc id="18349009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349009" title="Płąchawy">
Płąchawy

Płąchawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Płużnica, north-west of Wąbrzeźno, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349012" title="Płużnica">
Płużnica

Płużnica () is a village in Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Płużnica. It lies approximately west of Wąbrzeźno and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 650.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349014" title="Ticktown, Virginia">
Ticktown, Virginia

Ticktown is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18349015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349015" title="Pólko">
Pólko

Pólko may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18349020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349020" title="Pólko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Pólko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Pólko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349021" title="Trower, Virginia">
Trower, Virginia

Trower is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18349022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349022" title="Uciąż">
Uciąż

Uciąż is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płużnica, west of Wąbrzeźno, and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349026" title="Wieldządz">
Wieldządz

Wieldządz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Płużnica, north-west of Wąbrzeźno, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349027" title="Wiewiórki">
Wiewiórki

Wiewiórki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18349028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349028" title="Tunnels Mill, Virginia">
Tunnels Mill, Virginia

Tunnels Mill is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18349031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349031" title="Wiewiórki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wiewiórki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wiewiórki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Płużnica, north-west of Wąbrzeźno, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 390.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349032" title="Hot Tamale Baby">
Hot Tamale Baby

Hot Tamale Baby is a blues album by Marcia Ball, released in April 1985 by Rounder Records.
Track listing.
"Hot Tamale Baby" was track 1, side 2 on Clifton Chenier's album "Boogie & Zydeco", released on Rounder Records in 1979

</doc>
<doc id="18349035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349035" title="The Renaissance Revelers">
The Renaissance Revelers

The Renaissance Revelers are a madrigal ensemble that performs medieval music and renaissance music in the greater Washington D.C. area.
The ensemble has performed at the Maryland Renaissance Festival, in Crownsville, Maryland, annually since 1987 and at the Washington National Cathedral for its Fall Open House and Christmas celebrations. The ensemble has also performed at the White House for two Christmas season celebrations, the National Christmas Tree and the Pageant of Peace on the Washington D.C. Mall, the Maryland State House in Annapolis, the Walters Art Museum, Baltimore, Maryland in celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore, the Lutheran Reformation Service, held at the Washington National Cathedral, and at the Kennedy Center during the Christmas season.
The ensemble was co-founded by the present director, Karen Cain, and David and Laura Ash in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18349037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349037" title="Leptomedusae">
Leptomedusae

Leptomedusae or Leptomedusa, commonly called thecate hydroids, are a cnidarian order in the subclass Leptolinae. They were formerly placed at suborder rank in the paraphyletic "Hydroida". Their closest living relatives, according to the modern view, are the Anthomedusae which are similar enough to have always been considered closely related, and the very apomorphic Siphonophora which were placed outside the "Hydroida" Given that there are no firm rules for synonymy for high-ranked taxa, alternative names like Leptothecata, Thecaphora or Thecata, with or without the ending emended to "-ae", are also often used for the Leptomedusae.
The about 1,900 species of Leptomedusae are characterized by a number of features: Their polyps are always living in colonies with the hydranths set in hydrotheca which are usually permanent and often long enough so the animal can fully retract into it; some have very reduced hydrothecae resembling Anthomedusae. There is a single whorl of tentacles. 
The gonophores are borne on much reduced hydranths and usually protected in a peridermal gonotheca. Medusae forming on fully developed hydranths are extremely rare; usually the gonophores develop into medusae or into sessile sporosacs. The medusae have a shallow bell, bear the gonads on their radial canals, and usually have statocysts which are formed only from epidermal tissue and more than four tentacles and. The cnidome never has stenoteles.
Notable Leptomedusae include:
Systematics.
ORDER LEPTOMEDUSAE

</doc>
<doc id="18349038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349038" title="2004–05 Maltese First Division">
2004–05 Maltese First Division

The Maltese First Division 2004–05 (known as BOV First Division 2004-05 for sponsorship reasons) started on 5 September 2004 and finished on 15 May 2005.Balzan and Hamrun were relegated from the Premier League.St.Georges and Gozo were promoted from Maltese Second Division with the latter(Gozo) having won a promotion playoff against Gzira to clinch promotion.Hamrun were champions and Mosta were runners-up.Both teams were promoted to the Maltese Premier League.Balzan having just got relegated from Premier League were once again relegated this time to the Maltese Second Division alongside Gozo.
Participating teams.
The Maltese First Division 2004–05 was made up of these teams:
Final League Table 2004-05.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = PointsC = Champions; R = Relegated; RP = Relegation playoffs
2004/2005 Results.
"To read this table, the home team is listed in the left-hand column."

</doc>
<doc id="18349041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349041" title="Whitesville, Virginia">
Whitesville, Virginia

Whitesville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 219.

</doc>
<doc id="18349047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349047" title="Winterville, Virginia">
Winterville, Virginia

Winterville is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18349051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349051" title="Johannes F. Linn">
Johannes F. Linn

Johannes F. Linn is Executive Director of the Wolfensohn Center for Development and Senior Fellow of the Global Economy and Development program at the Brookings Institution.
Linn studied law at the Free University, Berlin, Germany. He received his training as an economist at Oxford University, England (BA, 1968), and at Cornell University, USA (PhD, 1972).
Linn is a former World Bank Vice President for Europe and Central Asia. He began his career at the World Bank in 1973 in the research wing focusing on issues of urban development policy. Using his nine years of research for the Bank, he published Cities in the Developing World: Policies for Their Equitable and Efficient Growth and Urban Public Finance in Developing Countries, along with a number of articles on urban development and finance.
In 1978, Linn briefly left the Bank for the University of Munster, Germany as a visiting scholar. He returned to the Bank’s East Asia Region to serve as Country Economist and Senior Economic Advisor. In 1988, he published, with Amarendra Bhattacharya, a study entitled “Trade and Industrial Policy in the Developing Countries of East Asia” (World Bank Discussion Paper No. 27). Between 1988 and 1991, he served as Senior Economic Advisor in the Bank’s Development Economics Staff, as the Director of its International Economics Department and as Director of its Country Economics Department. He was appointed Vice President for Financial Policy and Resource Mobilization in 1991 and became Vice President for Europe and Central Asia in 1996. A collection of his speeches from this period were published under the title Transition Years – Reflections on Economic Reform and Social Change in Europe and Central Asia.
From September 2003 to June 2006, Linn was a Visiting Fellow at the Brookings Institution. Since July 2005, Linn has served as Executive Director for the Wolfensohn Center at Brookings. In this capacity he has been engaging himself in research and advisory work regarding issues of global governance, transition in Central and South-East Europe, the CIS and Turkey, on transatlantic relations, and on cultural heritage preservation. Since beginning at Brookings he has also served as Project Leader and Lead Author for the UNDP Central Asia Human Development Report and has edited, with Colin Bradford, Global Governance Reform: Breaking the Stalemate.
He is also the Senior Resident Fellow at the Emerging Markets Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="18349058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349058" title="Nothing Worth Having Comes Easy">
Nothing Worth Having Comes Easy

Nothing Worth Having Comes Easy is the second album by Sheffield band Little Man Tate released on 15 September 2008. It was released as a standard CD and a special enhanced version with exclusive video footage.
Track listing.
All songs written by Jon Windle and Edward 'Maz' Marriott.

</doc>
<doc id="18349060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349060" title="Wishart, Virginia">
Wishart, Virginia

Wishart is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18349078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349078" title="Tansen, Nepal">
Tansen, Nepal

Tansen is a Municipality and the administrative center of Palpa District in the "hills" of western Nepal. It is located on the highway between Butwal and Pokhara, on the crest of the Mahabharat Range or Lesser Himalaya overlooking the valley of the Kaligandaki River to the north. The town enjoys a moderate climate with temperatures rarely exceeding 30 Celsius (86F) or going below freezing. The highway bypasses the town center on the west, protecting pedestrian amenities in the central maze of steep, narrow, winding alleys lined with "Newari" shop-Houses and temples. Besides trade, local Newars are known for traditional metalwork and producing "dhaka" cloth used in traditional jackets and "topis". The most important landmark is the octagonal Pavilion in the middle of Sitalpati, the main market square.
Tansen was the capital of the "Magar" kingdom Tanahun, one of the most powerful regional principalities before the rise of the Shah dynasty. It even came close to conquering Katmandu in the 16th century under the leadership of Mukunda Sen. Local Magar kings lost influence in the 18th century and Tansen became a Newari bazaar on the important trade route between India and Tibet via the Kaligandaki River and Mustang. Because it was a district administrative center of the Kingdom of Nepal, Maoists targeted Tansen several times during the Nepalese Civil War, including a major assault on the historic "Durbar" (palace) compound in 2006.
Nearby "Srinagar Danda" (hill) offers a panoramic view of the high Himalaya. From west to east, the Kanjiroba, Dhaulagiri, Annapurna, Mansiri, Ganesh and Langtang groups are in sight. Other nearby attractions include Ranighat, a Rana palace next to the Kaligandaki River, and Ridi Bazaar, a major Hindu pilgrimage destination at the auspicious confluence of the Kaligandaki and Ridi Rivers. A large "mela" is held there on Maghe Sankranti (about January 14). 
Tansen is the home of United Mission Hospital, located one mile east of the town center. As of 2010, Mission Hospital has 160 beds, and the clinics there see over 100,000 patients per year. Mission Hospital is the oldest project of United Mission to Nepal (UMN), a consortium of eight worldwide Christian denominations which was formed in 1952 to coordinate missionary work in Nepal. Presently there are about a dozen expatriate medical personnel assisted by a staff of about 300 Nepalese. Mission Hospital collaborates with Tansen Nursing School, considered to be among the best training programs for basic nursing education in the country. The 2007 book, "The Hospital at the End of the World" describes the workings of Mission Hospital from the perspective of a short-term Medical Missionary. ( Plainview Press AUstin TX, ISBN #798-1-935514-28-2)
Sites of Interest (Tourism).
1. RaniMahal 
2. Shreenagar
3. Whitelake View
4. Sybolic Gate (Muldhoka)
5. Sitalpati
6. Budhha Stupa
Sites of Interest (Religion).
1. Ranaujeshwori Temple, Bhagawati Tole
2. Bhairav Temple, Bhairavsthan
3. Ganesh temple, Bhagawati Tole
4. Santi Bihar, Taksar Tole
World Heritage Status.
This site was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List on January 30, 2008 in the Cultural category. 
Media.
To Promote local culture Tansen has one FM radio station Radio Mugu - 107.4 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="18349090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349090" title="Bagrationi, wife of John IV of Trebizond">
Bagrationi, wife of John IV of Trebizond

Bagrationi (c. 1411/2–1438) was the first Empress consort of John IV of Trebizond. Her first name is unknown.
Family.
Bagrationi was a daughter of Alexander I of Georgia and his first wife Dulandukht, the daughter of Beshken II Orbeliani. Dulandukht had died or was repudiated before 1415, for Alexander to marry his second wife, the heiress of Imeretia.
Empress.
In about 1426, Bagrationi married John IV of Trebizond. He was a son of Emperor Alexios IV of Trebizond and Theodora Kantakouzene. According to "Trebizond: The Last Greek Empire of the Byzantine Era" by William Miller, earlier in that same year John had murdered a courtier who allegedly served as the lover of his mother. He had then attempted to assassinate both of his own parents but the palace staff defended the royal couple. John had gone into exile in Georgia, where he married Bagrationi.
Failing to secure sufficient support from his father-in-law, John left Georgia for Caffa, where he was able to charter a large galley and its crew. In 1429 he led them to an invasion of Trebizond. Alexios IV prepared to face his son in the battlefield. John subborned some of his father's retainers, who assassinated Alexios IV while he slept. He executed the assassins of his father in order to deny any connection with them, then succeeded his father, presumably with Bagrationi as his Empress.
Their daughter Theodora Komnene was betrothed to Uzun Hassan of Ak Koyunlu in 1457, whom she married the next year. According to Anthony Bryer, this is the "most celebrated Trapezunite-Muslim marriage", and for which the terms of their marriage can be determined. These terms included: a dowry of properties in the villages of Halanik and Sesera; a "bride-price" in that Uzun Hassan would extend some kind of effort to help defend Trebizond; Theodora's right to continue to profess the Christian faith, keep a chaplain, and act as protector of Christians subject to Uzun Hassan; and "as it turned out, Theodora's considerable (and probably unusual) right to influence Akkoyunlu foreign relations" Theodora's tomb in Diyarbekir was shown to an Italian visitor in 1507. Her two daughters found their way to Damascus where Caterino Zeno met them in 1512.
An account by Caterino Zeno dated to 1474 names another daughter, Eudokia-Valenza of Trebizond. This Valenza was a reported wife of Niccolò Crispo, Lord of Syros. However she is reported as having a daughter who married in 1429. John IV and Bagrationi are unlikely to have been the grandparents of a married woman only three years following their own marriage. Valenza is considered likely to have been a sister of John IV, instead of a daughter. Niccolò Crispo had eleven children. According to his own correspondence, Niccolò was also a son-in-law of Jacopo of Lesbos. His children could be from either of his two marriages. They included (among others) Francesco II Crispo, Duke of the Archipelago and Fiorenza Crispo, mother of Catherine Cornaro.
Death.
According to the "Europäische Stammtafeln: Stammtafeln zur Geschichte der Europäischen Staaten" (1978) by Detlev Schwennicke, Bagrationi was dead by 1438. John IV went on to marry an unnamed Turkish lady. The "Europäische Stammtafeln" considers this second wife to have been a daughter of Dawlat Berdi. Pero Tafur, in his travel memoirs, records that when he visited Trebizond in 1438 John IV had a Turkish wife.

</doc>
<doc id="18349096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349096" title="Kip Collins">
Kip Collins

Alarza Lee Collins Jr. (1969 – 2006), best known as Kip, was born on April 26, 1969. Alarza Lee Collins Jr. was an American record producer and composer who had collaborated with a number of music artists in the 1990s and early 2000s.
Biography.
Professional Path.
In the early 90s, Kip Collins started on his path of professional musical collaborations by taking on Keith and Hank Shockley of the Bomb Squad as one of his first clients. In 1993 Kip collaborated with R&B singer Aaron Hall on his album "The Truth,". In 1995, he collaborated with singer Monifah on her song "I Miss You". Kip went on to work with artists such as Heavy D and contribute songs to the "Living Single" Soundtrack. He was the music director for the Warner Brothers' sitcom "Built to Last" in 1997. 
In 2000, Kip Collins wrote, produced, and played instruments for Faith Evans and Jennifer Lopez. One of his biggest musical accomplishments blossomed when he was given the opportunity by his manager Troy Moet (Mo'Entertainment!) to create the musical score and produce numerous songs for MTV's "". Later on in 2002, Kip became the musical director and composer for UPN's TV series "Half & Half."

</doc>
<doc id="18349097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349097" title="Ali Ili">
Ali Ili

The Ali Ili were one of the ten major tribal divisions in Turkmenistan. Prior to the rise of the Soviet Union, they considered themselves to be a distinct ethnic group. However, the Soviets pressured them into the category of Turkmen.

</doc>
<doc id="18349100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349100" title="Transmutations (album)">
Transmutations (album)

Transmutations is the fourth full-length studio album by Chicago-based progressive metal band Yakuza. It was released on August 7, 2007 by Prosthetic Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18349102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349102" title="2008–09 Ukrainian Cup">
2008–09 Ukrainian Cup

The Ukrainian Cup 2008–09 is the eighteenth annual season of Ukraine's football knockout competition, currently known as "DATAGROUP – Football Ukraine Cup" or "Kubok of Ukraine". The defending champion of this edition is Shakhtar Donetsk.
The Cup began with a Preliminary Round where teams from Druha Liha and Amateur Cup champions participated. In the Second Preliminary Round teams from Persha Liha were drawn into the competition and then in the Round of 32 teams from Premier League entered the competition.
The winners of this competition will enter as Ukraine's Cup Winner representative in the play-off round of the UEFA Europa League 2009–10. Since one of the finalist, Shakhtar Donetsk has already qualified for European Competitions for 2009–10 by their position in the Premier League, Vorskla Poltava qualifies automatically for the UEFA Europa League 2009–10.
Team allocation.
Sixty two teams entered the competition
Round and draw dates.
All draws held at FFU headquarters (Building of Football) in Kiev unless stated otherwise.
Competition schedule.
First Preliminary Round.
In this round entered 25 teams from Druha Liha and winners of the Ukrainian Amateur Cup. The draw for the First Preliminary Round was held on July 8, 2008 while the matches took place on July 16, 2008.
Second Preliminary Round.
In this round entered all 18 teams from Persha Liha. They were drawn against the 14 winners of the First Preliminary Round, with two matches containing only Persha Liha teams. The draw was held on July 22, 2008 while the matches were played on August 6, 2008, unless otherwise noted.
Round of 32.
In this round entered all 16 teams from Premier League. They were drawn against the 16 winners from the previous round, who played home in this round. The draw was held on August 15, 2008 while the matches were played on September 13, 2008, unless otherwise noted.
Notes:
Round of 16.
In this round entered winners from the previous round (11 Premier League and 5 Persha Liha teams). The draw was random and was held on September 24, 2008. The matches were played on October 29, 2008, unless otherwise noted.
Notes:
Quarterfinals.
The draw was held on October 31, 2008 and was random. The matches were played November 12, 2008.
Notes:
Semifinals.
The draw was held on November 19, 2008 and was random. The games were scheduled to be played on April 22, 2009.
Notes:
Final.
The Ukrainian Cup Final was played in Dnipro Stadium, Dnipropetrovsk on May 31, 2009.
Top goalscorers.
Status on June 1, 2009
In bold are the players that are still in the competition. Statistics can be found at RSSSF web-site.

</doc>
<doc id="18349110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349110" title="Bugeria I">
Bugeria I

Bugeria I is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349113" title="Bugeria II">
Bugeria II

Bugeria II is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349114" title="Cymbark">
Cymbark

Cymbark is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349117" title="Czystochleb">
Czystochleb

Czystochleb is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349121" title="Frydrychowo, Wąbrzeźno County">
Frydrychowo, Wąbrzeźno County

Frydrychowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349124" title="Jarantowice, Wąbrzeźno County">
Jarantowice, Wąbrzeźno County

Jarantowice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
Notable residents.
Paul Wegener (1874–1948), actor
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349129" title="Jarantowiczki">
Jarantowiczki

Jarantowiczki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349135" title="Jaworze, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jaworze, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jaworze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349141" title="Katarzynki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Katarzynki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Katarzynki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349143" title="Łabędź, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Łabędź, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Łabędź is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.

</doc>
<doc id="18349145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349145" title="Ludowice">
Ludowice

Ludowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349149" title="Małe Radowiska">
Małe Radowiska

Małe Radowiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349152" title="Panchthar">
Panchthar

Panchthar is the headquarters of Panchthar District in the Mechi Zone of northern Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="18349154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349154" title="Michałki, Wąbrzeźno County">
Michałki, Wąbrzeźno County

Michałki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349155" title="Agrzhan">
Agrzhan

The Agrzhan were a group of primarily Muslim merchants from India who operated in Astrakhan. In 1857 they numbered 107. Since then they have assimilated into the Astrakhan Tatar population.
At least some of the earliest Agrzhan were Hindus. They were closely connected with the Bukharan merchants in Astrakhan, and part of the trade network connecting Astrakhan with Bukhara and Iran before and after the Russian conquest of the city. Over time they all became Muslims. They retained special privileges, as well as the so-called Gilani Tatars, the Iranina trading community in the city, and with the cities Bukharan Tatars, until 1836.

</doc>
<doc id="18349160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349160" title="Młynik">
Młynik

Młynik may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18349162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349162" title="Młynik, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Młynik, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Młynik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349164" title="Myśliwiec">
Myśliwiec

Myśliwiec may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18349166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349166" title="Myśliwiec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Myśliwiec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Myśliwiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349167" title="Nielub">
Nielub

Nielub is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349169" title="Lake Macquarie Amateur">
Lake Macquarie Amateur

The Lake Macquarie Amateur is an amateur golf tournament in Australia. It has been played since 1958 and is organised by and played at the Belmont Golf Club in nearby Marks Point, New South Wales. It is a 72-hole stroke play tournament (54 holes in 1958).
It is a Golf Australia national ranking event and a "Category B" tournament in the World Amateur Golf Ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="18349171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349171" title="Orzechówko">
Orzechówko

Orzechówko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18349175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349175" title="Orzechówko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Orzechówko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Orzechówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately southwest of Wąbrzeźno and northeast of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349185" title="Orzechowo">
Orzechowo

Orzechowo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18349187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349187" title="Orzechowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Orzechowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Orzechowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
Churches.
One of the churches in Orzechowo is Our Lady of Częstochowa Church.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349191" title="Plebanka, Wąbrzeźno County">
Plebanka, Wąbrzeźno County

Plebanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349194" title="Pływaczewo">
Pływaczewo

Pływaczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349197" title="Prochy">
Prochy

Prochy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18349200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349200" title="Prochy, Wąbrzeźno County">
Prochy, Wąbrzeźno County

Prochy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349203" title="Przydwórz">
Przydwórz

Przydwórz () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349206" title="Rozgard">
Rozgard

Rozgard () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349208" title="Ryńsk">
Ryńsk

Ryńsk ( (1902-1919), "Rynsk", older spelling "Rinsk") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 750.
In 1655, it was the site of the Treaty of Rinsk, a short-lived inner-Prussian alliance during the Second Northern War.

</doc>
<doc id="18349211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349211" title="Sicinek">
Sicinek

Sicinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349213" title="Sitno, Wąbrzeźno County">
Sitno, Wąbrzeźno County

Sitno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349216" title="Ak Nogai">
Ak Nogai

The Ak Nogai are a division of the Nogai whose dialect forms the main base for the written Nogai language.
They live in northern Karachay–Cherkessia.

</doc>
<doc id="18349220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349220" title="Sosnówka, Wąbrzeźno County">
Sosnówka, Wąbrzeźno County

Sosnówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349222" title="Stanisławki">
Stanisławki

Stanisławki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349225" title="Alexandrium tamarense">
Alexandrium tamarense

Alexandrium tamarense is a dinoflagellate known to produce saxitoxin, a neurotoxin which causes the human illness clinically known as paralytic shellfish poisoning (PSP). Multiple species of phytoplankton are known to produce saxitoxin, including at least 10 other species from the genus "Alexandrium".
Recent molecular work shows that this species belongs to the "Alexandrium tamarense" complex (Atama complex, including "A. tamarense," "Alexandrium fundyense," "Alexandrium catenella") and that none of the three original morphospecies designations forms monophyletic groups in the present SSU-based and previous LSU-based phylogenetic trees, i.e. these species designations are invalid. 

</doc>
<doc id="18349226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349226" title="Trzcianek">
Trzcianek

Trzcianek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349233" title="Institute of Advanced Study">
Institute of Advanced Study

Institute of Advanced Study may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18349234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349234" title="Trzciano, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Trzciano, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Trzciano is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349243" title="Wałycz">
Wałycz

Wałycz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349245" title="Wałyczyk">
Wałyczyk

Wałyczyk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349248" title="Onyx on First">
Onyx on First

Onyx on First is a high-rise building located in the United States capital of Washington, D.C.. The high-rise was developed by the Canyon-Johnson Urban Fund. Demolition of the original buildings in the location began in September 2006 and construction began on October 31, 2006, being completed in August 2008 
The building rises , with 14 stories and 4 below-grade parking levels. The building is an apartment complex with 266 units.

</doc>
<doc id="18349256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349256" title="Węgorzyn, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Węgorzyn, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Węgorzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349269" title="Wronie">
Wronie

Wronie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349273" title="2008 Rogers Cup">
2008 Rogers Cup

The 2008 Canada Masters (also known as the 2008 Rogers Masters and 2008 Rogers Cup for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 119th edition of the Canada Masters, and was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 2008 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 2008 WTA Tour. The men's event took place at the Rexall Centre in Toronto, Canada, from July 19 through July 27, 2008, and the women's event at the Uniprix Stadium in Montreal, Canada, from July 26 through August 3, 2008.
The men's field featured World No. 1, French Open and Wimbledon runner-up Roger Federer, ATP No. 2, French Open and new Wimbledon winner Rafael Nadal, and Australian Open titlist and Canada Masters defending champion Novak Djokovic. Also competing were ATP No. 4, Miami Masters, Pörtschach and Warsaw titlist Nikolay Davydenko, Valencia and s'Hertogenbosch winner David Ferrer, Andy Roddick, James Blake and Andy Murray.
On the women's side were present World No. 1 and French Open champion Ana Ivanovic, Rome Tier I winner and 2007 Canada Masters runner-up Jelena Janković, and reigning Australian Open champion Maria Sharapova. Other top seeded players were French Open semifinalist Svetlana Kuznetsova, Wimbledon semifinalist and Dubai titlist Elena Dementieva, Anna Chakvetadze, Dinara Safina and Vera Zvonareva.

</doc>
<doc id="18349275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349275" title="Zaradowiska">
Zaradowiska

Zaradowiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349280" title="Zieleń">
Zieleń

Zieleń may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18349283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349283" title="Cambiata">
Cambiata

Cambiata, or nota cambiata (Italian for "changed note"), has a number of different and related meanings. Generally it refers to a pattern in a homophonic or polyphonic (and usually contrapuntal) setting where a note is skipped from in one direction and this is followed by motion in the opposite direction, and where either the note skipped from is distinguished as a dissonance or the note skipped to is distinguished as a non-harmonic or non-chordal tone. With regards to pedagogical, species counterpoint, it refers to a more specific set of patterns.
In species counterpoint.
In species counterpoint, the dissonant cambiata can be called an "idiom" in that it is considered an acceptable pattern even though it breaks a rule, in this case, that of skipping from a dissonance. The dissonant cambiata is frequently called, simply, cambiata, and it is the main focus of cambiata in general. The dissonance in the dissonant cambiata is approached by descending step and occurs on a weak half or quarter of the beat; the skip from the dissonance must be a descending third to a consonance; and this consonance must be followed by some number of ascending steps. This means there are only three possible essential dissonant cambiatas in third species: Two above the cantus firmus, with vertical intervals 8-7-5-6 (Ex.1) and 6-b5-3-4 (Ex.2); and one below the C.F., with 3-4-6-5 (Ex.3).
The consonant cambiata is not considered an idiom like the dissonant version as it does not break any rules of species counterpoint by itself. There are two consonant cambiatas in third species: One above the C.F., with 6-5-3-4; and one below, with 5-6-8-7. Whereas, when dealing with species counterpoint, the dissonant cambiata is frequently called, simply, cambiata, the consonant cambiata is rarely called cambiata at all.
The inverted cambiata is a cambiata where the melodic movement of the contrapunctus is inverted; where the dissonant cambiata has a skip down a third, the inverted cambiata has a skip up a third, etc. There are both dissonant and consonant inverted cambiatas. There are three dissonant inverted cambiatas in third species: One above the C.F., with 3-4-6-5; and two below, with 8-7-5-6 and 6-b5-3-4. There are two consonant inverted cambiatas in third species: One above the C.F., with 5-6-8-7; and one below, with 6-5-3-4.
In fifth species, cambiatas need not be quarter-note lines added to whole-note cantus firmi as in these examples, which is only a requirement of the third species, but could take many different rhythmic forms. Rhythmically, it is only essential that the dissonance that is skipped from be in a weak position, when not considering any other rules which may apply. This means further that the cambiatas need not have the same pattern of vertical intervals that the cambiatas in third species have. Example 4 shows a dissonant cambiata in fifth species.
Outside species counterpoint.
Outside species counterpoint, what is considered a cambiata varies. What is common to all is that a note is skipped from in one direction and this is followed by motion in the opposite direction, and either the note skipped from is distinguished as a dissonance or the note skipped to is distinguished as a non-chordal tone. This means that three aspects of cambiata in species counterpoint—that the note which is skipped from must be preceded by a step, that the skip be a third, and that the note which is skipped to must be followed by a step in the opposite direction of the skip—are not necessarily all true for all patterns which are considered cambiatas. For example, a pattern in two-voice counterpoint, similar to the dissonant or dissonant inverted cambiata in species counterpoint, but which only does not follow the dissonance which is skipped to with a step in the opposite direction, but rather with a skip in the opposite direction, is still called a cambiata. This is shown in Example 5, which is from Guerrero's Ex. 16-15.
Example 6 shows a cambiata at * as a nonharmonic tone which is skipped to, rather than as a dissonance which is skipped from. It is approached by a skip in one direction and left by step in the opposite direction. The same pattern occurs at (*), and this too may be considered a cambiata, but might not if the chord is considered a major seventh rather than a triad, and so the note would not be nonharmonic.

</doc>
<doc id="18349287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349287" title="Zieleń, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Zieleń, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Zieleń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wąbrzeźno and north-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349291" title="Erdeniin Bat-Üül">
Erdeniin Bat-Üül

Erdeniin Bat-Üül (, born 1 July 1957) is a prominent Mongolian politician from the Democratic Party and the Mayor of Ulaanbaatar City and the Governor of the Capital City.
Early life and career.
E. Bat-Üül was born in Ulaanbaatar on 1 July 1957. His father was Sengiin Erdene, one of Mongolia's most well-known authors. In 1975 he completed Ulaanbaatar's High School No. 1, and in 1981 he graduated from the physics department of the National University of Mongolia. From 1982 to 1985, he worked as a teacher in Renchinlkhümbe, Khövsgöl, and afterwards worked at the Astronomic Laboratory of Mongolian Academy of Sciences in Ulaanbaatar.
Mongolia's Democratic Revolution.
In 1988, Bat-Üül was a part of organizing a political group, which in December 1989 would become the first to articulate dissent against the ruling Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party. Shortly afterwards, all members of the group were arrested, but set free again on lack of evidence. Bat-Üül was one of the leaders of Mongolia's 1990 democratic revolution. He served as chairman of the Democratic Party from 1990 to 1992, and as the party's general secretary from 1992 to 1996. He was elected into the People's Great Khural in 1990, and into the State Great Khural in 1996, 2004 and 2008, representing the Democratic Party. He was appointed as Mayor of Ulaanbaatar on August 7, 2012 by its City Council. He was awarded with the title of Hero of Mongolia for his role in the 1990 democratic revolution on December 10, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18349292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349292" title="2008–09 Coupe de France">
2008–09 Coupe de France

The 2008–09 Coupe de France was the ninety-second season of the French most prestigious cup competition and was open to all clubs in French football, as well as 7 teams from overseas departments and territories (Guadeloupe, French Guyana, Martinique, Mayotte, New Caledonia, French Polynesia, and Réunion). The final was held on 9 May 2009 at Stade de France.
Guingamp claimed their first Coupe de France trophy by defeating Rennes 2–1, after two second-half goals from the Brazilian Eduardo.
Calendar.
On 8 July 2008, French Football Federation announced the calendar for the Coupe de France.
Seventh Round.
The draw for the seventh round of Coupe de France was conducted on 5 November 2008 in Lyon by former Olympique Lyonnais players Bernard Lacombe and Jean Djorkaeff, who currently serves as the president of the Coupe de France Commission. The overseas region draw was conducted in Paris the same day, by Olympic medalists Pascal Gentil and Grégory Baugé. The matches were played on the 21, 22 and 23 November 2008. The matches that were postponed were played on 30 November.
Eighth Round.
The draw for the eighth round was conducted on 25 November 2008 at the offices of French Football Federation in Paris. The drawers were current France under-17 coach Philippe Bergeroo and Stéphane Guivarc'h, member of the French squad that won the 1998 FIFA World Cup. The overseas region draw was conducted in Paris as well, by Bernard Diomède, who was also a member of the France squad that won the 1998 FIFA World Cup. The following matches were played on 12, 13 and 14 December 2008. The matches that were postponed were played on 20 December.
Round of 64.
The Round of 64 matches were played on 2, 3 January and 4, 2009. The draw was conducted on 15 December 2008 in Metz by former Nancy greats Olivier Rouyer and Bernard Zénier, former wheelchair fencing champion Yvon Pacault, and Ann-Sophie Mathis, who is the current WBC Super-lightweight world champion. The matches that were postponed were played on 10 and 24 January 2009.
Round of 32.
The Round of 32 matches were played on 23, 24, 25 and 28 January . The draw was conducted on 4 January 2009 in Issy-les-Moulineaux, Paris at the headquarters of Eurosport by Chloé Mortaud, the recently crowned Miss France and 2008 Summer Olympics bronze medalist Teddy Riner. The Guingamp – Brest match was rescheduled to 20 January.
Round of 16.
The Round of 16 matches were played on 3 and 4 March. The draw was conducted on 25 January 2009 in Issy-les-Moulineaux, Paris at the headquarters of Eurosport by French journalist and television host Michel Drucker and former player and manager Michel Hidalgo.
Quarter-finals.
The quarterfinal matches were played on 17 and 18 March. The draw was conducted on 8 March 2009 in Versailles, Paris at the Galaxy Foot Salon by French female volleyball player Victoria Rava and French female sprinter Muriel Hurtis.
Semi-finals.
The semifinal matches were played on 21 and 22 April. The draw was conducted on 22 March 2009 by current France international Samir Nasri.
Miscellaneous.
RC Saint-André were awarded the ""Petit Poucet"" Plaque for achieving the best performance in the Coupe de France by an amateur club. Saint-André, who play Championnat de District Level 3 managed to reach the 6th round by eliminating Promotion Ligue side Etoile Chapelaine in the 1st Round, three d'Honneur Régionale sides (FC Nogentais, Chaumont PTT, FCO St. Julien) in the 2nd Round, 3rd Round, and 4th Round, respectively. They defeated another Promotion Ligue side in Bagneux Clesles, before suffering elimination to Foyer Barsequanais in the 6th Round. Their exploits allowed the club to accumulate 30 points and thus defeat FCE Schirrhein (29 points), who were eliminated by Ligue 1 club Toulouse FC after making it all the way to the Round of 32.

</doc>
<doc id="18349304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349304" title="Ramechhap,VDC">
Ramechhap,VDC

Manthali the headquarters of Ramechhap District in the Janakpur Zone of Nepal. It is located at 27°19'60N 86°4'60E with an altitude of 1218 metres (3999 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="18349310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349310" title="Baruchowo">
Baruchowo

Baruchowo is a village in Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Baruchowo. It lies approximately south-east of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349314" title="Goreń Duży">
Goreń Duży

Goreń Duży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Baruchowo, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349317" title="Grodno, Włocławek County">
Grodno, Włocławek County

Grodno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Baruchowo, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349320" title="Kłótno">
Kłótno

Kłótno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Baruchowo, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349321" title="Amur-Ussuri Cossacks">
Amur-Ussuri Cossacks

The Amur-Ussuri Cossacks are the combined peoples of the Amur Cossack Host and the Ussuri Cossack Host. Early in their history they intermarried with or incorporated into their units many Tungus peoples. This was a key element in their considering themselves a separate people from other Cossacks.

</doc>
<doc id="18349325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349325" title="Kurowo-Kolonia, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kurowo-Kolonia, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kurowo-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349328" title="Kurowo-Parcele">
Kurowo-Parcele

Kurowo-Parcele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349332" title="Lubaty">
Lubaty

Lubaty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349334" title="Nowa Zawada">
Nowa Zawada

Nowa Zawada is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Baruchowo, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349340" title="Okna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Okna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Okna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349342" title="Birkot hashachar">
Birkot hashachar

Birkot hashachar or Birkot haShachar () ("morning blessings' or ""blessings the dawn"") are a series of blessings that are recited at the beginning of Jewish morning services. The blessings represent thanks to God for a renewal of the day.
The order of the blessings is not defined by halakha and may vary in each siddur, but is generally based on the order of activities customary upon arising.
The blessings.
Al netilat yadayim.
This blessing represents the cleanliness of one's hands following ritual defilement.
Asher yatzar.
This is a blessing regarding the works of one's body. It is also recited each time following one's urination or defecation.
Elohai neshama.
This paragraph represents thanks to God for the return of one's soul. When one sleeps, the soul departs the body. This state is referred to as a "semi-death." Upon awakening, the body is reunited with the soul.
Blessings of Torah study.
The Birkot hashachar includes some blessings pertaining to Torah study. It is forbidden for one to study any Torah prior to reciting these blessings. One of the blessings is identical to the one that is recited by a person called for an aliyah.
Since one is required to fulfill a mitzvah immediately after reciting a blessing on that mitzvah without interruption, some verses from the oral and written Torah are recited immediately following this blessing. These include Numbers 6:24-26 (known as the Priestly Blessing), the Mishnah Peah 1:1, and Talmud Shabbat 127a.

</doc>
<doc id="18349343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349343" title="Patrówek">
Patrówek

Patrówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349351" title="Skrzynki, Włocławek County">
Skrzynki, Włocławek County

Skrzynki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Baruchowo, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349354" title="Conica (suborder)">
Conica (suborder)

Conica are a cnidarian suborder of the Leptomedusae (thecate hydroids). They make up the bulk of their order; their internal relationships are not well resolved, and most of the roughly 30 families are not yet assigned to a superfamily.
They are named for the distinctive shape of their hypostome, the "tip" of the polyps' body where the mouth is located. As opposed to the smaller thecate suborder Proboscidoidea with their elongated hypostome, the Conica have a simple hypostome without a pregastric cavity and a shape that is generally round or conical.
Well-known members of the Conica are the "air fern" ("Sertilaria argentea") of the Sertulariidae which is sold dried as novelty "plants" and aquarium ornaments, and the Crystal Jelly ("Aequorea victoria") of the Aequoreidae, a bioluminescent hydrozoan.
Systematics.
Apart from the families assigned to the three named superfamilies, there are many Conica that are presently unassigned as to superfamily, either because their relationships and/or validity remain unknown or because they represent minor but very ancient ancient lineages basal to the three main radiations within this order:
Basal and "incertae sedis"
Superfamily Campanulinoidea (disputed)
Superfamily Plumularioidea (4 families)
Superfamily Sertularioidea

</doc>
<doc id="18349359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349359" title="Świątkowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Świątkowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Świątkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Baruchowo, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349365" title="Zakrzewo, Gmina Baruchowo">
Zakrzewo, Gmina Baruchowo

Zakrzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349373" title="Zawada-Piaski">
Zawada-Piaski

Zawada-Piaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Baruchowo, south-east of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349399" title="Anielin, Włocławek County">
Anielin, Włocławek County

Anielin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349405" title="Arciszewo">
Arciszewo

Arciszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349411" title="Gawler bypass road">
Gawler bypass road

Gawler Bypass Road is a major north-south route in the outer northern suburbs of the city of Adelaide, South Australia. It has the national designation of National Highway A20 north of the Northern Expressway, while south of this intersection it has the state designation of A52.
It is a freeway standard route connecting Main North Road to the Sturt Highway, bypassing Gawler. Major exits include Two Wells Road, Mallala Road and the Barrier Highway known as "Main North Road". Each of these exits also have minor roads leading into Gawler.
The route was built in the mid-1980s in an attempt to redirect traffic on the national highway out of Gawler town centre.
Northern Expressway.
The Northern Expressway is a 31 kilometre long freeway grade road, with construction on the expressway finishing in 2010. It begins at a freeway style interchange on the Gawler Bypass Road and heads south west towards Port Wakefield Road (National Highway A1) through the Adelaide suburbs of Angle Vale, Penfield and Macdonald Park. The new road was built to four-lane standard to provide a faster route between Adelaide and Gawler, whilst reducing the amount of traffic on Main North Road and Salisbury Highway. The Northern Expressway consists of 23 km of new road, in addition to an 8 km upgrade of the existing Port Wakefield Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18349414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349414" title="Bierzyn, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bierzyn, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bierzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349418" title="Bnin">
Bnin

Bnin may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18349422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349422" title="Bnin, Włocławek County">
Bnin, Włocławek County

Bnin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349423" title="Shake It...">
Shake It...

Shake It... is Australian band Endorphin's fifth studio album, released in late 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18349424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349424" title="Signe Klinting">
Signe Klinting

Signe Klinting (born April 17, 1990) is a Danish orienteering competitor and medalist from the junior world championships.
She received a silver medal in "relay" at the Junior World Orienteering Championships in Gothenburg in 2008, together with Ida Bobach and Maja Alm, and received an individual bronze medal in the "middle distance" at the 2006 championships in Druskininkai.

</doc>
<doc id="18349430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349430" title="Boniewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Boniewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Boniewo is a village in Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Boniewo. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349433" title="Boniewo-Kolonia">
Boniewo-Kolonia

Boniewo-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349439" title="Czuple">
Czuple

Czuple is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349445" title="Grójczyk">
Grójczyk

Grójczyk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Boniewo, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349451" title="Janowo, Gmina Boniewo">
Janowo, Gmina Boniewo

Janowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349457" title="Act of Love (1980 film)">
Act of Love (1980 film)

Act of Love is a 1980 made-for-TV film adaptation of the book "Act of Love: The Killing of George Zygmanik" by Judith Paige Mitchell. It was directed by Jud Taylor and written for screen by Michael De Guzman. It stars Ron Howard, Robert Foxworth, Mickey Rourke, David Spielberg and Jacqueline Brookes. Film also features "Married… with Children" star David Faustino. The score was composed by Billy Goldenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18349458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349458" title="Jastrzębiec">
Jastrzębiec

Jastrzębiec may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18349462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349462" title="Jastrzębiec, Włocławek County">
Jastrzębiec, Włocławek County

Jastrzębiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349470" title="Jerzmanowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jerzmanowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jerzmanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Boniewo, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349471" title="Kaniewo">
Kaniewo

Kaniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349477" title="Łączewna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Łączewna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Łączewna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349481" title="Łąki Wielkie">
Łąki Wielkie

Łąki Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349490" title="Agder Kollektivtrafikk">
Agder Kollektivtrafikk

Agder Kollektivtrafikk AS is a public transport administrator for the county of Vest-Agder, Norway. It is owned by and works on behalf of Vest-Agder County Municipality and based in Kristiansand. It does not operate the transport, but has contracts with operators. The four main bus terminals, in Kristiansand, Mandal, Lyngdal and Flekkefjord are operated by Agder Kollektivtrafikk. It also operates the information system for publishing timetables in both Vest-Agder and Aust-Agder.

</doc>
<doc id="18349491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349491" title="Łąki Zwiastowe">
Łąki Zwiastowe

Łąki Zwiastowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349496" title="Lubomin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Lubomin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Lubomin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Boniewo, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349500" title="Lubomin Leśny">
Lubomin Leśny

Lubomin Leśny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Boniewo, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349504" title="Lubomin Rządowy">
Lubomin Rządowy

Lubomin Rządowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349508" title="Michałowo, Włocławek County">
Michałowo, Włocławek County

Michałowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349516" title="Mikołajki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Mikołajki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Mikołajki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Boniewo, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349518" title="Osiecz Mały">
Osiecz Mały

Osiecz Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349520" title="Osiecz Wielki">
Osiecz Wielki

Osiecz Wielki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349525" title="Vanguard Managed Solutions">
Vanguard Managed Solutions

Vanguard Managed Solutions (VanguardMS) was a limited liability company (LLC) which specialized in monitoring live data networks from a Network operations center from 2001 to 2007. It began as Codex Corporation then was a division of Motorola, and then purchased by Platinum Equity.
Platinum merged the network monitoring business section to CompuCom in 2007, but retained the IP router business renamed to Vanguard Networks.
History.
Codex Corporation was founded in July 1962 by James M. Cryer Jr. and Arthur Kohlenberg, who were director and chief scientist at a Boston area research division of Melpar.
Originally the company was a government contractor headquartered in Newton, Massachusetts.
In May 1967, Codex acquired Teldata, a small company led by Jerry Holsinger that was developing data communication products that would operate at data rates of 9600 bit per second compared to the 1200 bit per second rate of existing products.
Robert G. Gallager was hired as a consultant, and convinced the company to develop quadrature amplitude modulation techniques using two sidebands instead of single-sideband modulation. This technique was later refined by Dave Forney (hired in 1965) into a successful modem (modulator and demodulator) product.
Within a few years it had about 20% of the market, which then was dominated by American Telephone & Telegraph.
Codex had its initial public offering in 1968.
By 1970 military spending was decreasing, so pure commercial products were developed. 
However, the AE-96 model 9600 bit/s modems had problems in practice when manufacturing was scaled up.
Holsinger left in 1970 found another modem company: Intertel.
Founding president Cryer and chief scientist Kohlenberg both died in 1970, and financing was delayed. Art Carr took over in September 1970 and reduce staff to conserve cash.
A secondary public offering was held in 1972 to reduce debt and raise capital to expand.
Motorola purchased Codex Corporation February 7,1977.
That same month, chief primary competitor Milgo was purchased by British firm Racal, after a take-over attempt by Applied Digital Data Systems.
In 1982, Carr became head of the Motorola Information Systems Group, which included other acquisitions such as Four-Phase Systems in California.
The ISG division based in Mansfield, Massachusetts sold their "Vanguard" series Motorola routers to enterprise and retail markets. The Vanguard series delivered transport capabilities of multiplexing voice, legacy protocols, and IP Routing over a single Frame Relay circuit using Annex G protocol derived from X.25. The product's popularity led to its expansion of a managed services unit where existing router customers were given the option to have their network monitored in real time for Frame Relay outages, and hardware failures. This service attracted customers who preferred a hands-off approach to maintaining their own networks, and not have to deal with contacting the telecommunications company for Frame Relay Circuit outages on their own.
In 1994, Motorola re-organized ISG and combined Codex with Universal Data Systems products. The new group was called the Networking line, with John Lockitt, remaining president and chief executive of Motorola Codex.
After the dot-com bubble collapse in 2000, Motorola was forced to close or sell off some of their own business units.
Holding company Platinum Equity purchased the division from Motorola.
The acquisition was announced in July 2001 and closed on September 4, 2001.
The network management unit marketed network monitoring products and was purchased in 2007 by Court Square Capital Partners.
Court Square merged the products into those of the CompuCom Systems (based in Dallas, Texas), which was also acquired at the same time.
The Multi-service router unit remained with Platinum Equity. The "VanguardMS" brand name was changed to Vanguard Networks.
In February 2013 the brand was purchased by Raymar Information Technology.
At that time, Raymar was located in Sacramento, California, and Vanguard continued to operate in Foxboro, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18349527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349527" title="Otmianowo">
Otmianowo

Otmianowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349531" title="Paruszewice">
Paruszewice

Paruszewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349535" title="Sarnowo, Gmina Boniewo">
Sarnowo, Gmina Boniewo

Sarnowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349538" title="Sieroszewo">
Sieroszewo

Sieroszewo is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349541" title="Sułkówek">
Sułkówek

Sułkówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349543" title="Firwood, Washington">
Firwood, Washington

Firwood is an unincorporated community located in Pierce County, Washington, United States. The community was settled in the early 1900s and was primarily an agricultural growing region.

</doc>
<doc id="18349549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349549" title="Wólka Paruszewska">
Wólka Paruszewska

Wólka Paruszewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349552" title="Żurawice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Żurawice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Żurawice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349573" title="Aleksandrowo, Włocławek County">
Aleksandrowo, Włocławek County

Aleksandrowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Brześć Kujawski, west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349576" title="Brzezie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Brzezie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Brzezie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Brześć Kujawski, west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349578" title="Falborek">
Falborek

Falborek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349582" title="Falborz">
Falborz

Falborz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brześć Kujawski, west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349584" title="Falborz-Kolonia">
Falborz-Kolonia

Falborz-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349590" title="Gustorzyn">
Gustorzyn

Gustorzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349591" title="Guźlin">
Guźlin

Guźlin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brześć Kujawski, south-west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349593" title="Dominique Labourier">
Dominique Labourier

Dominique Labourier (born 29 April 1943) is a French actress. 
Born in Paris, France, she is best known outside France for starring as Julie in Jacques Rivette's film "Celine and Julie Go Boating" ("Céline et Julie vont en bateau", 1974). She has appeared in more than 40 films since 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="18349595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349595" title="Jądrowice">
Jądrowice

Jądrowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349598" title="Jaranówek">
Jaranówek

Jaranówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brześć Kujawski, west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń. This is not Sparta.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349602" title="Kąkowa Wola">
Kąkowa Wola

Kąkowa Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Brześć Kujawski, west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349606" title="Kąkowa Wola-Parcele">
Kąkowa Wola-Parcele

Kąkowa Wola-Parcele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349608" title="Kąty">
Kąty

Kąty may refer to any of the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18349612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349612" title="Kąty, Gmina Brześć Kujawski">
Kąty, Gmina Brześć Kujawski

Kąty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brześć Kujawski, west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349617" title="Kuczyna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kuczyna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kuczyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brześć Kujawski, west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349620" title="Machnacz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Machnacz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Machnacz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brześć Kujawski, west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349623" title="Botlikh people">
Botlikh people

The Botlikh people (also known as Bótligh, Botlig, Botlog or Buikhatli, in Botlikh Буйхалъида "Bujxałida") are an Andi–Dido people of Dagestan. Until the 1930s they were considered a distinct people. Since that time they have been classified as Caucasian Avars and have faced a campaign to have them assimilate into that population. 
The Botlikh are primarily Sunni Muslims. They numbered 3,354 people in 1926. They speak the Botlikh language, which belongs to the Northeast Caucasian language family. According to the Russian Census (2002) only 16 people in Russia declared themselves as Botlikhs (none of them in Dagestan), and 90 people declared speaking the Botlikh language. The number of speakers is higher, about 5,500, according to a survey by Koryakov in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18349624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349624" title="Miechowice, Włocławek County">
Miechowice, Włocławek County

Miechowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brześć Kujawski, west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349627" title="Miechowice Duże">
Miechowice Duże

Miechowice Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349630" title="Parcele Sokołowskie">
Parcele Sokołowskie

Parcele Sokołowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349633" title="Pikutkowo">
Pikutkowo

Pikutkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brześć Kujawski, south-west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349638" title="Redecz Krukowy">
Redecz Krukowy

Redecz Krukowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Brześć Kujawski, west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349640" title="Rzadka Wola">
Rzadka Wola

Rzadka Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brześć Kujawski, south-west of Włocławek, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349644" title="Rzadka Wola-Parcele">
Rzadka Wola-Parcele

Rzadka Wola-Parcele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349645" title="Honda OSM">
Honda OSM

The Honda OSM (for Open Study Model) is a concept car that was revealed on at the London Motor Show on 2008-07-22.
Honda OSM was designed by Honda's R&D facility in Offenbach, Germany. Honda has no plan for production model.

</doc>
<doc id="18349649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349649" title="Słone, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Słone, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Słone is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brześć Kujawski, west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349654" title="Sokołowo-Kolonia">
Sokołowo-Kolonia

Sokołowo-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349655" title="Starobrzeska Kolonia">
Starobrzeska Kolonia

Starobrzeska Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349658" title="Stary Brześć">
Stary Brześć

Stary Brześć is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349661" title="Wieniec, Włocławek County">
Wieniec, Włocławek County

Wieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brześć Kujawski, west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 790.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349663" title="Wieniec-Zalesie">
Wieniec-Zalesie

Wieniec-Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brześć Kujawski, west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349665" title="Wieniec-Zdrój">
Wieniec-Zdrój

Wieniec-Zdrój is a spa in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brześć Kujawski, west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
Wieniec-Zdrój has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349676" title="Witoldowo, Gmina Brześć Kujawski">
Witoldowo, Gmina Brześć Kujawski

Witoldowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Brześć Kujawski, north-west of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349695" title="Bodzanówek, Włocławek County">
Bodzanówek, Włocławek County

Bodzanówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349696" title="Maja Alm">
Maja Alm

Maja Alm (born July 10, 1988) is a Danish orienteering competitor and medalist from the Junior World Championships. She is since 2006 coached by Danish national coach Lars Lindstrøm
Junior career.
She received a silver medal in "relay" at the Junior World Orienteering Championships in Gothenburg in 2008, together with Ida Bobach and Signe Klinting, and received an individual bronze medal in "sprint" at the 2007 championships in Dubbo.
Senior career.
She participated on the Danish relay team at the World Orienteering Championships in Kiev in 2007, where the team finished 8th. She participated at the European Orienteering Championships in Ventspils in 2008, where the Danish relay team finished 10th.
She Won a bronze medal at the European Orienteering Championships in Bulgaria in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18349697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349697" title="Miss Mundo Dominicana 2003">
Miss Mundo Dominicana 2003

The Miss Mundo Dominicana 2003 pageant was held on September 19, 2002, with only 40 candidates competing for the national crown. The chosen winner represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss World 2003. The pageant selected three delegates from each six regions that would make it top 18. Then two delegates were elected from each region. Then they chose a delegate from each region and would get sashed with the name of the region and automatically were in the Final 6.

</doc>
<doc id="18349703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349703" title="Bodzanowo, Gmina Choceń">
Bodzanowo, Gmina Choceń

Bodzanowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349705" title="Borzymie">
Borzymie

Borzymie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349707" title="Kinney Octagon Barn">
Kinney Octagon Barn

The Kinney Octagon Barn was an octagonal barn built in 1880
just north of Burr Oak, Iowa, USA. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 19, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18349709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349709" title="Borzymowice">
Borzymowice

Borzymowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349710" title="Choceń">
Choceń

Choceń () is a village in Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Choceń. It lies approximately south of Włocławek and south-east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 980.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349716" title="Czerniewice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Czerniewice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Czerniewice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Choceń, south of Włocławek, and south-east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349731" title="Filipki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Filipki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Filipki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18349747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349747" title="William Ross Wallace">
William Ross Wallace

William Ross Wallace (1819 – May 5, 1881) was an American poet, with Scottish roots, best known for writing "The Hand That Rocks The Cradle Is The Hand That Rules The World".
Biography.
Wallace was born in Lexington, Kentucky in 1819. His father, a Presbyterian preacher, died when Wallace was still an infant. Wallace was educated at Indiana University and Hanover College, Indiana, and studied law in Lexington, Kentucky. In 1841, he moved to New York City, where he practiced law, and at the same time engaged in literary pursuits. His first work that attracted favorable criticism, a poem entitled "Perdita", published in the "Union Magazine", was followed by "Alban" (1848), a poetical romance, and "Meditations in America" (1851). Other poems that attained popularity include "The Sword of Bunker Hill" (1861), a national hymn; "Keep Step with the Music of the Union" (1861); "The Liberty Bell" (1862); and his most famous poem, "The Hand That Rocks The Cradle Is The Hand That Rules The World" (1865), a poem praising motherhood. He contributed to "Godey's Lady's Book", "Harper's Magazine", "Harper's Weekly", the "New York Ledger", and the "Louisville Daily Journal". William Cullen Bryant said of his writings: "They are marked by a splendor of imagination and an affluence of diction which show him the born poet." Edgar Allan Poe, a friend of Wallace's, referred to him as "one of the very noblest of American poets". Wallace died at his home in New York City on May 5, 1881, a week after suffering a stroke. He was working on a book to be titled "Pleasures of the Beautiful" at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18349748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349748" title="Connaught Cup">
Connaught Cup

Sporting competitions named Connaught Cup, typically named after Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught, Governor General of Canada from 1911 to 1916, include:

</doc>
<doc id="18349786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349786" title="Nicht Um Zu Sterben">
Nicht Um Zu Sterben

Nicht Um Zu Sterben (translation: Not to Die) is the debut studio album by the Austrian melodic black metal band Dornenreich. The album was recorded in four days during September 1997 at CCP Studios. It was re-released through Prophecy Productions in 2003. Only the re-release contains the full, uncut booklet.

</doc>
<doc id="18349816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349816" title="No Heroics">
No Heroics

No Heroics is a British superhero-comedy television series, which began on 18 September 2008. The show is ITV2's first original sitcom. It was nominated for Best New British TV Comedy of 2008 at the British Comedy Awards.
Setting.
"No Heroics" is set in modern-day Britain, in a world similar to ours but "With one small difference: there are superheroes." The superheroes of the world (colloquially referred to as "capes") are primarily modelled after those of the Golden Age of Comic Books, usually clad in brightly coloured outfits consisting of skin-tight materials such as Lycra or spandex. The presence of superheroes in the world is commonplace, arriving not only to save people or avert disaster but also carrying out everyday tasks such as grocery shopping or taking a smoke break, all while in full costume. Other aspects of society relating to superheroes include:
Characters.
Primary characters.
Alex controls heat and is desperate to be famous for saving the world (or at least someone), but somehow Excelsor always manages to save the day before him. His main work comes in winter when he fills in for the heaters at old peoples homes when they are broken.
Sarah can control machines with her voice. She would rather steal a pack of cigarettes from a machine than help the ‘normal’ world with her power. Seen as the most rock ‘n’ roll of the bunch, Sarah is the daughter of famous superheroes "Rampart" and "Velvet Veil", described by Sarah as the "Torvill and Dean" or the "Richard and Judy" of the superhero world. She is Alex’s on-off love interest, having broken up with him some time prior to the start of the series. Sarah was a member of the short lived superhero team known as "Lady Trouble", alongside Jenny (She-Force).
Don can see sixty seconds into the future and is an expert in torture. The gay Spaniard only uses his abilities to his friends’ advantage, due to his retirement only taking on a few jobs to keep the cash rolling. He is also an ex-drug addict and frequently engages in sex with strangers. Don appears to be the only cape with a more modern-style costume, wearing a black leather suit of body armour in stark contrast to the brightly coloured outfits of his peers.
Jenny has super-strength and is the third strongest female in the world, but doesn't feel comfortable being a superhero. She would much rather spend her days at her desk, waiting for Mr Right to come along. Socially awkward, Jenny revels in having a secret identity as an office worker, a charade her friends find pointless. Jenny was a member of the short lived superhero team known as "Lady Trouble", alongside Sarah (Electroclash).
Devlin is the most successful cape in the United Kingdom; he is a "Rock Star" within the superhero world, with a high public profile and numerous commercial endorsement deals. Due to his immense success Devlin's attitude is highly egotistical and selfish, and he takes pleasure in reminding Alex and the other "lesser" superheroes of his superiority at every opportunity, often by bullying Alex. Devlin has a wide array of powers, which include but are not limited to: flight, laser eye beams, X-ray vision, super speed, force field creation and manipulation, super sensitive hearing, and mind control abilities.
Supporting characters.
Simon worked in the Fortress as a bouncer, whose job it was to ensure that the regulars played by the rules. The regulars treat him as a bit of a joke, particularly Sarah. He is allowed to use his powers in the fortress as part of his job. His power involved summoning and commanding monkeys; the monkeys do not simply appear, they have to physically travel from wherever they happened to be. Given that they took so long to respond to his calls, they were never seen on screen (although their coffins were present at Simon's funeral), even after relocating their home reduced their response time from 2 hours to 45 minutes. After Sarah taunted him about being a crap superhero he picked a fight with Slicefist (a known supervillain with razor blade fingers), both he and his monkeys were killed in the resulting fight.
The bartender for the Fortress who fought in the Falklands War, alongside Rampart, superhero who sports injuries from the Gulf conflict, his powers are as yet unknown. He is pictured in background art dressed as a stereotypical Viking, armed with an axe.
This villain's main feature is a huge black ball-like helmet over his head with a small slit to see out of. He wishes to be taken more seriously as a villain; in this regard he could be considered an evil foil to Alex, though his actual powers are unknown. He was captured and tortured by Don in episode 6, revealing the location of the villains' stronghold to enable the heroes to avenge the death of Simon.
In-jokes.
The Fortress is a take on the Fortress of Solitude and other such superhero residences, but rather than being actually a hideout it is simply a bar.
The Fortress serves "Green Lamp Ale" on tap, "Shazamstell", "Von Doomenbrau", "Bottled Beast" (a blue vodka look alike), "Grey Widow Vodka", "Gin City", "Little Jock", "V for Vodka" "Gamma-Meister" and "Logan's Rum", a reference to both Logan's Run and Wolverine.
ATMs shown belong to "Stanlees Savings Bank".
The strip club visited by Don and Alex where the girls are wearing Wonder Woman costumes is called Paradise Island.
In the show's world, popular superheroes have comic books devoted to them, but the actual actions of all heroes are also reviewed by critics, exactly like comic books. Heroes are thus subject to criticism not only for incompetence, but also for being insufficiently entertaining.
Influences.
The series contains a lot of references to comics in the props, touching on both American comic books as well as British comics like "2000 AD" – the latter being the home of Grant Morrison's "Zenith", which was "the germ of it", according to the writer Drew Pearce. The actors Nicholas Burns and Claire Keelan had previously appeared together as main characters "Nathan Barley", with Burns as the title character.
Reception.
The show has been well-received by the broadsheet and mainstream press. Stephen Armstrong of "The Times" thinks that "No Heroics" is "possibly the first genuinely amusing sitcom on any ITV outlet since, well — any suggestions?" Also at "The Times", Michael Moran expresses similar sentiments, suggesting that it "is edgier than "My Hero" though – closer perhaps to cult favourite "Mystery Men"" and that while "Episodes one and two might be a slow burn ... the third instalment though, the hapless heroes are established as a superior sitcom characters that deserve a spot in the pantheon of loveable loser comedy that stretches from Tony Hancock to David Brent." 
Jane Simon in "The Mirror" thought that "the affectionate yet satirical tone is gauged just right to appeal to super-nerds and regular viewers, and is packed with tiny details to reward aficionados." "What's On TV" called the show "inspired" whilst "The Times" continued their support of the show by saying "ITV2's new comedy No Heroics is fast, funny and a little ingenious. Drew Pearce, the creator/writer, established an engaging collection of pretenders to the throne: The Hotness, a sexually inadequate "cape" with a penchant for heat; Electroclash, who let a shop owner get shot and suffer from his injuries because he was sexist; Timebomb is Spanish, depressed, unhinged; She Force is a superhero with the twittering insecurities of Carrie Bradshaw."
In addition, the influential British comic book creator Warren Ellis showed a warm display of support for the show saying that "it’s funnier than a comedy show about superheroes has any right to be. It’s a miracle it got on the air at all. Full points to creator/writer Drew Pearce for coming up with something that should translate to a general audience because it’s black humour first and everything else second."
Comic book writer Steven Grant responded negatively to the show, saying "boy, does it suck. Nothing but mindless, pandering sex jokes (would-be jokes, anyway) and "The Beano" level schoolboy shenanigans." Sentiments shared by Anna Lowman of TV Scoop, who thought that "main problem with this comedy is that the writers have apparently decided to replace the jokes with an unremitting coarseness ... and to produce characters that no-one in their right mind could give too (sic) hoots about" concluding that ""No Heroics" is just another reason why ITV is known as the graveyard of comedy." Robert Hanks of "The Independent" also picks up on similar angles: "It is quite a nice idea, certainly a much better idea than "My Hero" ... but so far Drew Pearce's script is too ready to fall back on the drink and the sex every time it needs a laugh." 
American adaptation.
ABC commissioned a pilot of "No Heroics" in the US, with Pearce being joined by "Will and Grace" writer Jeff Greenstein. In March it was announced that Freddie Prinze, Jr. had been cast as Infinitum, the A-list superhero, and Paul Campbell, Eliza Coupe, Tom Riley and Arielle Kebbel are playing the B-listers.
Some scenes were filmed in the Gastown District in Vancouver, BC April 2009.
Josh Gad, best known for his role on the Fox comedy "Back to You" played their former classmate from Superhero College, Horse Force, who can summon and command horses and works at a bar where the group hangs out.
ABC subsequently declined to pick up the American adaptation of "No Heroics".
DIRECTV has exclusive rights to the British version of the series.

</doc>
<doc id="18349826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349826" title="Yadier Sánchez">
Yadier Sánchez

Yadier Sánchez Sierra (born January 8, 1987) is a volleyball player from Cuba, who plays in different positions. He twice won a bronze medal with the Men's National Team in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18349827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349827" title="Charles Andrew">
Charles Andrew

Charles Andrew (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 6 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1814 until 1824.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="18349828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349828" title="Scott Reynolds Nelson">
Scott Reynolds Nelson

Scott Reynolds Nelson is the Legum Professor of History at the College of William and Mary. He is a historian of the American Civil War and the Gilded Age. He specializes in African-American history and Labor history.

</doc>
<doc id="18349848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349848" title="Charles Warren (cricketer)">
Charles Warren (cricketer)

Charles Warren (19 March 1764 – 12 August 1829) was an English amateur cricketer who made 33 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1795 to 1826. Along with John Tanner, he was the last 18th century player to retire from first-class cricket, in his case at the age of 62.
Career.
Warren was mainly associated with Middlesex. He played for the Gentlemen in the inaugural Gentlemen v Players match in 1806.

</doc>
<doc id="18349854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349854" title="Darwinian Demon">
Darwinian Demon

A Darwinian Demon is a hypothetical organism that can maximize all aspects of fitness simultaneously and would exist if the evolution of species was entirely unconstrained. Such organisms would reproduce directly after being born, produce infinitely many offspring, and live indefinitely. Even though no such organisms exist, biologists use Darwinian Demons in thought experiments to understand different life history strategies among different organisms.

</doc>
<doc id="18349856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349856" title="Benjamin Enos">
Benjamin Enos

Benjamin Enos (February 13, 1788 Richmond, Washington County, Rhode Island - February 4, 1868 DeRuyter, Madison County, New York) was an American politician.
Life.
He was the son of Joseph Enos and Thankful (Coon) Enos. On April 5, 1810, he married Sarah Doty (1788–1884) at Canaan, New York. In 1814, they settled in DeRuyter, NY. 
He was a member from Madison County of the New York State Assembly in 1834, 1839 and 1840. He was Supervisor of the Town of DeRuyter in 1837. In 1842, he was elected by the New York State Legislature a canal commissioner. As a member of the Hunker faction of the Democratic Party, he was New York State Treasurer from 1845 to 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="18349870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349870" title="Def Jam Recordings discography">
Def Jam Recordings discography

List of albums released or distributed by Def Jam Recordings.
Albums.
Upcoming.
TBA

</doc>
<doc id="18349884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349884" title="Clements (Essex cricketer)">
Clements (Essex cricketer)

Clements (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 5 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1787 to 1790.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="18349888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349888" title="KAWS (artist)">
KAWS (artist)

Brian Donnelly (born 1974), professionally known as KAWS, is a New York-based artist and designer of limited edition toys and clothing. He currently lives and works in Brooklyn, New York.
Biography.
KAWS was born Brian Donnelly in Jersey City, New Jersey. He graduated from the School of Visual Arts in New York with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in illustration in 1996. After graduation, KAWS briefly worked for Disney as a freelance animator painting backgrounds. He also contributed to the animated series , "Daria" and "Doug."
He began his career as a graffiti artist growing up in Jersey City, New Jersey. Later moving to New York City in the 1990s, KAWS started subverting imagery on billboards, bus shelters and phone booth advertisements. These reworked advertisements were at first left alone, lasting for up to several months, but as KAWS’ popularity skyrocketed, the ads became increasingly sought after. In addition to New York, KAWS has done work in Paris, London, Berlin and Tokyo.
In the late 90s, KAWS began to design and produce limited edition vinyl toys, "an instant hit with the global art toy-collecting community," especially in Japan, where this genre is well respected and widespread. More toys and later clothing were made for Original Fake, a recent collaborative store with Medicom Toy, in the Aoyama district of Tokyo where an original limited edition product is released each week. KAWS has also participated in other commercial collaborations with Nigo for A Bathing Ape, Jun “Jonio” Takahashi for Undercover, Michael "Mic" Neumann for Kung Faux, snowboard projects with Burton, and sneakers with Nike and Vans. His most recent collaboration was with Comme des Garçons. As of August 2010, it is reported that Kaws has designed a limited edition bottle for Dos Equis, a Mexican beer brand. The bottle was released in Mexico in early September 2010.
KAWS’ acrylic paintings and sculpture have many repeating images, all meant to be universally understood, surpassing languages and cultures. One of KAWS' early series, "Package Paintings," was made in 2000. This series, entitled "The Kimpsons," subverted the famous American cartoon, The Simpsons. KAWS explains that he "found it weird how infused a cartoon could become in people's lives; the impact it could have, compared to regular politics." In addition, KAWS has reworked other familiar icons such as Mickey Mouse, the Michelin Man, the Smurfs, and SpongeBob SquarePants.
Recent solo exhibitions include "OriginalFake" at the Bape Gallery in Tokyo (2003) where his sculpture "Wonderful World" sold for $400,000. KAWS has been periodically showing both paintings and products at Colette in Paris since 1999. His work is included in the traveling exhibition "Beautiful Losers," which started at the Cincinnati Contemporary Art Center and will be traveling through 2009 throughout the US and Europe, including his largest museum show to date, which will be held at the High Museum of Art in Atlanta, Georgia.
KAWS's "Companion," a grayscale figure based on Mickey Mouse with his face obscured by both hands, was adapted into a balloon for the 2012 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade as part of the parade's "Blue Sky Gallery" feature.
For the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards KAWS's company redesigned the iconic moonman statue.

</doc>
<doc id="18349893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349893" title="Entrance Island">
Entrance Island

Entrance Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18349895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349895" title="Mohan Chandra Adhikari">
Mohan Chandra Adhikari

Mohan Chandra Adhikari () is a former communist politician in Nepal. He hails from a Brahmin family in Morang District. Adhikari studied up to B.A. level, but didn't appear in the final exams. Adhikari had been a follower of Pushpa Lal Shrestha, but turned more radical than his mentor. Adhikari became a leader of the group in the Jhapa District Committee of the Communist Party which in the early 1970s intended to initiate a rebellion on the lines of the Naxalite insurgency in India.
Adhikar was arrested and sentenced to life imprisonment. He was saved from death sentence through a royal pardon. Whilst in jail, he was associated with the Communist Party of Nepal (Marxist-Leninist). Adhikari would spend 17 years in prison. He was sometimes called the 'Nelson Mandela' of Nepal.
After being released from jail, Adhikari became an advisory-member of the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist). He also represented the party in the Upper House of Parliament.
He was arrested during the 2006 Loktantra Andolan.
Adhikari later broke with communism, and became a Hindu leader. After the declaration of Nepal as a secular state, Adhikari participated in a meeting organised by the Shivsena Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="18349902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349902" title="David Collins (Hampshire cricketer)">
David Collins (Hampshire cricketer)

David Collins (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 6 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1791 to 1792. He was formerly known as David Christiansen but changed his name when he got married.
Career.
Collins was mainly associated with Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18349914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349914" title="Dean (Middlesex cricketer)">
Dean (Middlesex cricketer)

Dean (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 7 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1787 to 1790.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Middlesex and was a member of the Brentford and Richmond Cricket Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18349921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349921" title="Raydel Corrales">
Raydel Corrales

Raydel Corrales Poutou (born February 15, 1982) is a volleyball player from Cuba, who plays in different positions. He twice won a bronze medal with the Men's National Team in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18349923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349923" title="Salyan, Nepal">
Salyan, Nepal

Salyan or Salyan Khalanga is the headquarters of Salyan District in the mid-west 'hills' of Nepal. It is located at 28°22'31N 82°9'42E at 1530 metres elevation (5020 feet). </br.> 
Rapti Highway from Tulsipur follows the Sarda River 3 km. (1.9 miles) east of the town at 1,000 meters (3,280 feet) elevation. As of 2010 it was being extended north to Musikot, Rukum District A spur road from this highway climbs up to Salyan Khalanga and the town has bus connections to Tulsipur, Ghorahi and Mahendra Highway. 

</doc>
<doc id="18349933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349933" title="Denzil Onslow (British Army officer)">
Denzil Onslow (British Army officer)

Colonel (later General) Denzil Onslow (12 September 1770 – 21 August 1838) was an English amateur cricketer who made nine known appearances in major cricket matches from 1796 to 1807. 
He was born in 1770 at Marylebone, London, the son of the British Member of Parliament Middleton Onslow.
Onslow was a general in the Grenadier Guards. His daughter, Amelia, married Thomas Chamberlayne, who played cricket for Hampshire; their son Tankerville Chamberlayne also had a brief career as a cricketer, and was Member of Parliament for the Southampton constituency three times. The main road through Bevois Valley was named Onslow Road after Onslow as was nearby Denzil Avenue.
In 1833, he was living at Great Staughton and was appointed High Sheriff of Cambridgeshire and Huntingdonshire. He died in 1838 at Huntingdon.
Cricket career.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) but also represented other XIs.

</doc>
<doc id="18349944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349944" title="The Wrong Door">
The Wrong Door

The Wrong Door is a comedy sketch show, first aired on BBC Three on 28 August 2008. The programme is the first comedy show in which almost all of the sketches have a CGI element. As such, it was produced under the working title of The CGI Sketch Show. The show also contains strong language, adult humour and toilet humour.
Cast.
Unusually for a sketch show, the programme lacks a core cast of performers, although some actors recur in different roles throughout the series. Among the performers involved are Brian Blessed, Gina Bellman, Matt Berry, MyAnna Buring, Michael Fenton Stevens, Neil Fox, Simon Greenall, Laurence Hobbs, Rasmus Hardiker, Pippa Haywood, Humphrey Ker, Burt Kwouk, Alex MacQueen, David Reed, Thom Tuck, Lorna Watson and Lloyd Woolf.
Episodes.
Each episode in the series has a different narrative strand running through it. 
Episode 1: The World's Most Annoying Creature. In an attempt to create the perfect soldier, a bio-weapons lab creates the World's Most Annoying Creature, which promptly escapes. First shown 28 August 2008.
Episode 2: Njarnia. Edmund and Lucy wander through the back of their self-assembly wardrobe and find themselves in the magical, but slightly rubbish, world of Njarnia (a parody of Ikea/Narnia). First shown 4 September 2008.
Episode 3: The Smutty Aliens. A woman is abducted by aliens with rude names and a phallic spaceship. First shown 11 September 2008.
Episode 4: The Train Pirates. A group of ordinary commuters are transformed into pirates, led by Captain Goiter (Brian Blessed). First shown 18 September 2008.
Episode 5: The Wizard of Office. Dorothy is transported to an office in Oswestry after a storm, in a twist on the "The Wizard of Oz". Also the London Underground is infested with Pac-Man and a restaurant has a problem with its Death by Chocolate. First shown 25 September 2008.
Episode 6: Bondo. The secret clown agent Bondo tries to take down a ninja plot to destroy the Train Pirates and Xotang needs a holiday. First shown on 2 October 2008.
A highlights show was broadcast on 26 December 2008.
Music.
While the series does feature original music composed by Dominic Nunns, it also uses a large amount of licensed music. This is a partial listing of the licensed music used in the series (as originally broadcast).
Production.
"The Wrong Door" is directed by Ben Wheatley, and written by him, Jack Cheshire and a large writing team, including Phillip Barron, John Camm, the Dawson Brothers, Ollie Aplin, Tim Inman, Susy Kane, Will Maclean, and Bert Tyler-Moore. (A full credits list can be found at the BBC's own "The Wrong Door" website).
Recurring characters and sketches.
As with many sketch shows, this show has a number of recurring characters and sketches throughout every episode.
Philip and Melanie.
Melanie has boyfriend trouble. Philip is rather insensitive and many of her friends and family think he's "a wanker". He left his previous employment at Nottingham Trent University due to a number of anger management issues. He has a curious habit of tearing people to pieces, being, as he is, a large carnivorous dinosaur.
The Philip and Melanie sketches are examples of deadpan humour and often involve other characters in the scene treating the couple as if it were perfectly normal for a young female human to be dating a dinosaur, yet picking up on other curiosities such as their age gap.
Xotang.
Xotang the giant robot is often found destroying the environments around him to do everyday tasks (e.g. destroying the London skyline in search of his keys). Oddly enough nobody has once made any attempts to destroy him despite his constantly wrecking the area around him.
Gamer Girl.
Gamer Girl is a stereotypical gamer character, described by the official website of the show as a "classic example of the perils of console addiction". Gamer Girl sketches often involve her world merging with that of the game she is currently playing or vice-versa.
Superhero Tryouts.
A parody of the popular talent show genre of television, Superhero Tryouts is a fictional television show looking for the next popular superhero. Hosted by Captain Justice, Lady Libido and Doctor Fox, the show is plagued by mediocre superheroes such as 'The Human Spider' who excretes web-like substances from his anus, and 'Moose-Boy', who has no obvious super powers at all, other than his own theme tune. One superhero, the Raven, references Batman as he has no powers, but instead a body "honed to perfection" and a grapple gun. Upon Raven falling from the rafters, Captain Justice recognizes him as a billionaire playboy called Bobby.
Dancers.
Two dancers competing to see which one is better. The one in the red tracksuit dances normally, but the one in the blue tracksuit always has a special ability.
Snooker Hall.
Two people are playing snooker when a man in a black dress coat and white tie appears. He takes the cue from one of the players and then makes a bet with the other. The mystery man then proceeds to perform an impossible trick shot (which is done in CGI), takes his winnings and leaves while the remaining player stares in shock.
Reception.
Initial reviews for episode one were mixed. There were enthusiastic reviews in The Guardian, Heat magazine and The Times; a review in the Daily Record described it as "inventive, exhilarating, rude and sometimes astonishing sketch show combines sharp writing and performing with sci-fi standard special effects to create a whole new breed of futuristic comedy".
However, elsewhere it was not so well received; Metro gave it one star whereas a review in The Scotsman described it as having "agonisingly poor material".
The programme's launch episode's ratings, however, were very good, gaining 546,000 (a 3.5% share), the highest ever audience for the launch of a comedy on BBC Three. Despite this the second episode and beyond dropped off of the channel's top 10 weekly ratings according to BARB statistics.
Release.
Series 1 was released on DVD on 26 July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18349950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349950" title="Peace Parade UK">
Peace Parade UK

John Farrington (founder and project co-organiser) travelled to Kosovo in 2003 to attempt to build bridges between the Ethnic Serbian and Albanian children. As part of a project to bridge the divide between ethnic Albanian and Serb children he was successful in constructing a giant peace dove and flew it on a bridge that symbolically and physically separates these two communities. This project was inspired by Dame Jane Goodall UN Messenger of Peace, and the Jane Goodall Institute's global Roots & Shoots project.
In December 2004, John Farrington travelled to Khao Lak in Thailand to assist in the immediate aftermath of the devastating tsunami. His experiences and film footage were documented by the BBC’s Inside Out television programme. This documentary was subsequently nominated for a Royal Television Society Award.
The Rochdale Parade for Peace project began in Feb 2006 after a meeting with filmmakers Mark Baron and Tariq Quamar of Sleepwalker Films. It was decided that Sleepwalker Films would film the process of our attempts to establish the first ever official and public observation of U.N. Peace Day in the UK.
In February 2007, Rochdale Parade for Peace was renamed Peace Parade UK to reflect the growing results of their efforts. In the summer of 2007, Sleepwalker Films was joined by editor Chris Matthews to complete 'The UN Chitty and Me' for the films' premiere screening.
In January 2008 Peace Parade UK was constituted as a voluntary organisation, and new members came on board to drive through their aims and objectives -
Steven Cooke JP - Treasurer and co-organiser of Peace Parade UK.
Andrew Kay - Secretary and co-organiser for Peace Parade UK, and Area Manager of Rochdale & District Citizens Advice Bureau.
Nick Wigmore - Chair and co-organiser of Peace Parade UK, and local school teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="18349955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349955" title="Wolfgang Stolper">
Wolfgang Stolper

Wolfgang Friedrich Stolper (13 May 1912, in Vienna – 31 March 2002, in Ann Arbor) was an American economist.
Stolper was born in Vienna, the eldest son of liberal economist Gustav Stolper. In 1925 the family moved to Berlin and emigrated in 1933 to the USA. In 1938 Stolper completed his economics studies at Harvard University. He was a student of Joseph Schumpeter.
From 1938 to 1943, Stolper was Assistant Professor of Economics at Swarthmore College, Swarthmore PA. In 1945, he participated in the Strategic Bombing Survey (Europe).
From 1949, Stolper was Professor of Economics at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
In 1941 Stolper together with Paul A. Samuelson proposed the Stolper–Samuelson theorem.
In 1986 Stolper was a co-founder of the International Joseph A. Schumpeter Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18349962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349962" title="Joe Brainard">
Joe Brainard

Joe Brainard (1942–1994) was an American artist and writer associated with the New York School. His prodigious and innovative body of work included assemblages, collages, drawing, and painting, as well as designs for book and album covers, theatrical sets and costumes. In particular, Brainard broke new ground in using comics as a poetic medium in his collaborations with other New York School poets. He is best known for his memoir "I Remember" of which Paul Auster said: “It is…one of the few totally original books I have ever read.”
Life.
Joe Brainard was born March 11, 1942 in Salem, Arkansas and spent his childhood in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He is the brother of painter John Brainard. Brainard became friends with Ron Padgett, Dick Gallup and Ted Berrigan during high school while working on the literary journal "The White Dove Review", which was printed five times during 1959/1960. The 18 year-old Brainard joined the journal as its art editor after fellow Central High classmate Padgett sent Brainard an anonymous Christmas card praising his work. After high school, the artist re-united with the "White Dove" boys in New York City shortly after leaving the Dayton Art Institute.
By 1964, Brainard had already had his first solo exhibition and was ensconced in a circle of friends that included Frank O'Hara, Kenneth Koch, Alex Katz, Edwin Denby, Larry Rivers, Fairfield Porter, James Schuyler, Jane Freilicher, Virgil Thomson, John Ashbery, among many others. He also began a relationship with Kenward Elmslie which lasted much of his life, despite having other lovers. He found much success as an artist until he removed himself from the artworld in the early 1980s.
Brainard died of AIDS-induced pneumonia May 25, 1994.
Works.
Visual and literary Work.
Brainard began his career during the early Pop Art era, and while his work has a certain affinity with Pop Art, it does not fit the definition of the genre:
Brainard knew and admired Warhol (Brainard sat for a Warhol screen test in 1964) . . . but he was never a Pop artist in the strict sense. Warhol and Lichtenstein maintained an ironic distance from their subject matter. Brainard's relationship to the material world of popular culture was one of affection or
amusement or both. Moreover, he was too protean to be stuck with Pop or any other label. In what now would be considered Postmodern fashion, he drew his materials and images from everywhere.
The inimitability of Brainard's work is located partly in its resistance to categorization, in its breadth, and in its rapport with and awe of the quotidian:
Joe Brainard is one of those unclassifiable artists . . . who do several things well. In his case this resulted not in separate compartments but a unified whole . . . . The same qualities shine forth in all that he produced: clarity, bold simplicity, accuracy of execution and feeling, humor, casual elegance, a charm that invites his audience in rather than keeping them at arm's length, and something grander but determinedly low key and offhand, a sense of the ordinary as sacramental.
Particularly in the collages, drawings and small works on paper, Brainard transformed the everyday into something revelatory:
seems to have been drawn to forms of containment, in which the unruly or rupturing experiences of life are brought into the kind of reductive clarity that we often associate with classical modalities . . . . Not surprisingly, along with this gift for distillation, Brainard had an uncanny eye for essential, revelatory detail; these contribute to the vivid immediacy and spontaneity of his work. In essence, such specific distillations can be understood as a form of abstraction, not the abstraction we affiliate with non-representational art, but something perhaps closer to the poetics we have come to associate with the New York School of poetry: an "aesthetics of attention" as critic Marjorie Perloff has said about its most important avatar, Frank O'Hara . . . . Distillation, specificity, and a keen sense of intimate scale allowed Brainard to locate the extraordinary in the ordinary and, curiously, something like the reverse; he could, with Nancy's help, make the extraordinary seem ordinary.
"I Remember".
Joe Brainard’s "I Remember" radically departs from the conventions of the traditional memoir. His deft juxtapositions of the banal with the revelatory, the very particular with the apparently universal accumulate into a complex depiction of his childhood in the 40s and 50s in Oklahoma as well as his life in the 60s and 70s in New York City.
"I Remember" has inspired many homages, none more notable than OuLiPian Georges Perec’s "Je me souviens" which was dedicated to Brainard. Poet Kenneth Koch was the first to utilize “I remember…” in the classroom as a prompt in teaching children to write poetry. The simplicity of the form has had great appeal to both writers and teachers, and most who use it are unaware of its origins.
In 2012 filmmaker Matt Wolf released the short "I Remember: A Film About Joe Brainard" using archival film footage and recordings of Brainard's readings.
Solo exhibitions.
"Selected Collections" include Berkeley Art Museum, Chase Manhattan Bank, Baron Guy de Rothschild, Fogg Museum, Harvard; Metropolitan Museum of Art, Museum of Modern Art, Rhode Island School of Design Art Museum, Time-Life, Inc. Whitney Museum of American Art, among others. The Mandeville Special Collections Library at UCSD also has a large archive of works by and about Brainard collected by Robert Butts from 1960 to 1992.
His work in theater included set designs for Frank O'Hara's "The General Returns from One Place to Another" and LeRoi Jones's "The Baptism". He also did sets and costumes for the Louis Falco Dance Troupe and the Joffrey Ballet Company.

</doc>
<doc id="18349963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349963" title="Soon After Silence">
Soon After Silence

Soon After Silence is the sixth studio album from the Australian electronica artist Endorphin, released in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18349975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349975" title="Teafuaono">
Teafuaono

Teafuaono or Entrance Island is an islet of Nukufetau, Tuvalu. 

</doc>
<doc id="18349992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18349992" title="Cell Host &amp; Microbe">
Cell Host &amp; Microbe

Cell Host & Microbe is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Cell Press. The journal was first launched in March 2007 and focuses broadly on the study of microbes, with an emphasis on the interface between the microbe and its host. The journal is run by in-house editorial and production teams with full responsibility for selecting and preparing content for publication.

</doc>
<doc id="18350002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18350002" title="WAVJ">
WAVJ

WAVJ (104.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary format. Licensed to Princeton, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Caldwell County C.B.C., Inc..
History.
The station went on the air as WPKY-FM on 1979-03-22. on 1994-01-15, the station changed its call sign to the current WAVJ.
The station broadcasts and streams Caldwell County High School Sports. Studios are in downtown Princeton at 108 West Main Street. Station also broadcasts University of Kentucky Football and Basketball, as well as Tennessee Titans Football. 
The station has been recognized on the local, state and national level for its efforts in the area of community service. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18350029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18350029" title="WAYD">
WAYD

WAYD (88.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a youth-oriented Contemporary Christian music format. Licensed to Auburn, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Bowling Green, Kentucky area. The station is an owned-and-operated station of the WAY-FM Network.

</doc>
<doc id="18350039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18350039" title="Raydel Hierrezuelo">
Raydel Hierrezuelo

Raydel Hierrezuelo Aguirre (born July 14, 1987 in Havana City) is a volleyball player from Cuba, who plays as a setter. He twice won a bronze medal with the Men's National Team in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18350040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18350040" title="WBCE">
WBCE

WBCE (1200 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Religious format. Licensed to Wickliffe, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by David N. Courtney.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18350048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18350048" title="WBFC (AM)">
WBFC (AM)

WBFC (1470 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Gospel Music format. Licensed to Stanton, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Combs Broadcasting, Inc..

</doc>
<doc id="18350065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18350065" title="WBFC-LP">
WBFC-LP

WBFC-LP (103.7 FM) is an American low-power FM radio station licensed to serve the community of Boynton, Georgia. The station is currently owned by Boynton Low Power Broadcasting, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18350070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18350070" title="Elin Skantze">
Elin Skantze

Elin Skantze is a Swedish orienteering competitor and junior world champion.
She became Junior World Champion in the "relay" in Gdansk in 2004, together with Anna Persson and Helena Jansson, and received
an individual bronze medal in the "long distance" in Druskininkai in 2006. She received a silver medal in the "relay event" in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18350071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18350071" title="Malangawa">
Malangawa

Malangawa or Malangwa is a town and municipality and the headquarters of Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of Nepal. It is located at 26°52'0N 85°34'0E with an altitude of 79 metres (262 feet) near the border with India at Sonbarsa. There is a customs checkpoint at the border crossing.
Demographics.
At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 25,102 people residing in 4,433 individual households.
Media.
To Promote local culture Malangawa has one FM radio station Radio My FM - 107.4 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="18350101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18350101" title="Apuka">
Apuka

The Apuka are one of the nine subdivisions of the Koryaks. In pre-Soviet Russia they were considered to be a distinct people. They speak their own dialect of the Koryak language. They live primarily along the coast of the Bering Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="18350110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18350110" title="Diel (disambiguation)">
Diel (disambiguation)

Diel is a pattern of movement used by some organisms living in the ocean and in lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="18350117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18350117" title="Cavalry Division (British Indian Army)">
Cavalry Division (British Indian Army)

The Cavalry Division was formed in 1916 during First World War by units of the British Army and the British Indian Army stationed in India for service in Mesopotamia in the Mesopotamia Campaign. The Division was broken up in 1918, but its brigades then served independently.
7th Indian Cavalry Brigade.
The 7th Indian Cavalry Brigade later served as an independent brigade when the Division was broken up.
In 1918 it fought at the Battle of Sharqat and was present at the occupation of Mosul at the end of the campaign, shortly after the armistice.
11th Indian Cavalry Brigade.
The 11th Indian Cavalry Brigade also served as an independent brigade when the Division was broken up.
It was formed in September 1917 from three cavalry regiments sent from India and an artillery battery sent from the Western Front.
Its machinegun squadron and other support units were assembled in Mesopotamia. It fought at the Action of Khan Baghdadi and the Battle of Sharqat. It also was present at the occupation of Mosul at the end of the campaign.
Notes and references.
Moberly, F.J. (1923). "Official History of the War: Mesopotamia Campaign", Imperial War Museum. ISBN 1-870423-30-5

</doc>
<doc id="18350137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18350137" title="C. proximus">
C. proximus

C. proximus may refer to:

</doc>
