<doc id="18305510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305510" title="The Next Doctor">
The Next Doctor

"The Next Doctor" is the first of the 2008–2010 specials of the British science fiction television programme "Doctor Who" that was broadcast on 25 December 2008, as the fourth Christmas special of the revived series. During its original airing, the episode had an audience of 13.1 million viewers and was the second-most-watched programme of Christmas Day 2008.
The Cybermen (of the design of the parallel universe's Cybus Industries Cybermen) return in this episode, following their appearance in the two-part finale of series 2 in 2006, "Army of Ghosts"/"Doomsday". David Tennant stars as the Tenth Doctor with companions Jackson Lake (David Morrissey) and Rosita Farisi (Velile Tshabalala).
Plot.
Synopsis.
The Doctor lands his TARDIS in London on Christmas Eve, 1851. Overhearing cries for help, he encounters a man calling himself "The Doctor" and his companion Rosita, attempting to capture a Cybershade. The Cybershade escapes the trio. The Doctor, in talking to the man, comes to believe he may be a future incarnation of himself, who is suffering from amnesia. The man, dubbed the Next Doctor, takes the Doctor to a nearby house of a recently deceased reverend, believing him tied to a series of disappearances around London and the Cybershade. Inside, they discover a pair of Cybermen data-storage infostamps, which the Next Doctor recalls holding the night that he lost his memories. The two are attacked by Cybermen and the Doctor attempts to fight them off with a cutlass, but the Next Doctor kills them using electrical discharge from the infostamps.
The two Doctors regroup with Rosita at the Next Doctor's base, where the Next Doctor claims his "TARDIS" is located. The Doctor is surprised to find that "TARDIS" is a gas balloon - "Tethered Aerial Release Developed In Style", and comes to realise that the Next Doctor is really a human, Jackson Lake, the supposed first missing person. The Doctor suspects that Jackson had encountered the Cybermen and used the infostamps, containing knowledge of the Doctor, to ward them off after they killed his wife, with the side effect of infusing his mind with knowledge of the Doctor. As Jackson contemplates this revelation, the Doctor and Rosita set off to try to find the source of the Cybermen, while the Doctor theorises that they have somehow managed to escape the Void using a Dimension Vault stolen from the Daleks (episode: "Doomsday").
The Doctor and Rosita enter an underground complex to find numerous children, pulled from workhouses around the city, at work under Cybermen guard. They encounter the bitter Miss Mercy Hartigan, the Cybermen's human ally that has brought the children to them for labour. The Doctor attempts to use a modified infostamp to overload the Cybermen's systems, but they instead repair it and identify the Doctor as their long-time foe, and prepare to "delete" him and Rosita. Jackson suddenly arrives, armed with several more infostamps which he uses to distract the Cybermen long enough for the three to escape. The Cybermen turn on Miss Hartigan, converting her into the controller for the "Cyberking", a giant mechanical Cyberman powered by the energy generated by the children. She originally tries to protest, saying that the Cybermen promised her she would never be converted, but the Cyberleader claims "That was designated a lie."
Jackson explains to the Doctor how he has started recovering his memories, and remembers encountering the Cybermen on moving into his new home. The Doctor considers that Jackson's home may be near the Cyberman base, and, there, discovers a second entrance into the Cyberman base. Inside, as the Cyberking starts to rise to the city, the three rescue the children, including Jackson's son, who was abducted in the initial attack and caused Jackson's fugue state. As the Cyberking starts to lay waste to the city, the Doctor uses Jackson's balloon to rise near the level of the Cyberking's control room in the machine's head, and tries to reason with Miss Hartigan, offering to take her and the Cybermen to a new planet. When she refuses, the Doctor uses the infostamps to sever her connection to the Cyberking, exposing her to the raw emotion of what she has done. The emotional feedback causes the other Cybermen to overload, and the Cyberking starts to topple. The Doctor uses the Dimensional Vault to draw the Cyberking and the remnants of the Cybermen into the Time Vortex, saving London.
In the aftermath, Jackson thanks the Doctor for what he has done and is allowed to see the interior of the true TARDIS, much to his pleasure. He then offers the Doctor a place at Christmas dinner. However, the Doctor initially refuses, but is convinced to stay as Jackson now says it is a demand. Before they depart, Jackson enquires after the Doctor's many companions, and the Doctor replies that in the end, they move on, and he is left alone. The pair then head off for a Christmas dinner in honour of those they have lost.
Continuity.
The ten incarnations of the Doctor, to date, appear in this episode through an infostamp projection. Footage of the First Doctor (William Hartnell) is taken from "The Time Meddler"; the Second (Patrick Troughton) from "The Ice Warriors"; the Third (Jon Pertwee) from "Terror of the Autons"; the Fourth (Tom Baker) from "City of Death"; the Fifth (Peter Davison) from "Arc of Infinity"; the Sixth (Colin Baker) from "The Trial of a Time Lord"; the Seventh (Sylvester McCoy) from "Time and the Rani"; the Eighth (Paul McGann) from the 1996 "Doctor Who" television movie; the Ninth (Christopher Eccleston) from "The Parting of the Ways"; and the Tenth from "The Family of Blood". Further footage of the Tenth Doctor appears from episodes including "Blink", "Tooth and Claw", "The Runaway Bride", "Voyage of the Damned" and "The Lazarus Experiment". "The Next Doctor" marks the second time since "Doctor Who" was revived in 2005 that footage of the Doctor before his ninth incarnation, and indeed any footage made before 2005, has been used in an episode—Peter Davison filmed a new appearance as the Fifth Doctor in special mini-episode "Time Crash"—although individual frames from the classic series have been seen as photographs of Sarah Jane Smith and Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart in "The Sarah Jane Adventures". The ten Doctors were all illustrated in "A Journal of Impossible Things", a book featured in "Human Nature"; however, not all these illustrations were shown on screen. Audio clips of Roger Delgado and Anthony Ainley as the Master were used in "Utopia".
When trying to trigger Jackson's memories, the Doctor refers to "not blinking", "weeping angels" and "Sally Sparrow", all of which featured in "Blink". The Doctor also refers obliquely to past companions, noting to Lake that they either leave him, meet someone else or forget about him. A red herring as to Lake's identity refers to a Time Lord's consciousness being contained in a pocket watch, in reference to the events of "Human Nature", "The Family of Blood" and "Utopia"; nonetheless the watch does contain the answer to Lake's true identity when the Doctor notices his initials engraved on the back. The Doctor mentions the events of "Doomsday". These Cybermen have survived the apparent destruction of the Void, using Dalek technology developed in the Void to pass through dimensions. It is also implied by the Doctor that the events of the fourth series allowed the Cybermen to escape the Void, as they also allowed Rose Tyler to visit her own universe.
The concept of a Cyberking was first mentioned by Mickey Smith at the end of "Army of Ghosts". The Eleventh Doctor mentions these events in "Flesh and Stone", when he cites the failure of history to record the Cyberking's appearance in Victorian London as an example of the many anomalies that have been caused by a forthcoming temporal collapse.
According to Neil Gaiman, the Cybus Industries Cybermen "zapped off into time and space" by the Doctor at the end of this episode eventually encountered the Mondas Cybermen; their "cross-breeding and interchange of technology" resulted in the variety of Cybermen seen in "Nightmare in Silver".
Production.
Writing.
Pre-broadcast publicity, based on excerpts from Davies' book "Doctor Who: The Writer's Tale", revealed that the Doctor would meet a man played by David Morrissey who also claims to be the Doctor. In further excerpts, Davies commented, "The best title for this episode would be "The Two Doctors"... but maybe not. "The New Doctor", perhaps? Or "The Next Doctor"? I quite like "The Next Doctor"." The book also contained two pictures from a scene cut from the end of the previous episode, intended to segue into the special echoing the previous two series. This scene was included on the series boxset.
Following the success of last year's Christmas special, "Voyage of the Damned", which guest starred pop star Kylie Minogue as one-off companion Astrid Peth, Russell T Davies had initially felt tempted to copy this format with another high-profile guest star, but decided against it after jokingly offering up "Cheryl Cole on board the "Hindenburg"" as an example.
Regarding an unanswered question (from a child) of why a gigantic robot in London 1851 "isn't in the history books", Davies and Gardner jokingly offer several possibilities ranging from there being alternate history of "Doctor Who" England, pointing out "a spaceship didn't fly into the Big Ben in 2006 either" (in the episode "Aliens of London") or that perhaps "maybe everyone was retconned by the soon-to-be-born Torchwood, or something." A line in Steven Moffat's series 5 episode "Flesh and Stone" has the Doctor recall the Cyberking's rampage, attributing history's failure to record it to the cracks in time and space that are causing time to be unwritten.
Davies, from a writer's standpoint, was also unhappy with the final scene in the episode where the Doctor gets rid of the Cyberking with the convenient Dalek dimension vault but during the writing process he couldn't think of another way to stop London being crushed by a giant robot. Later, after the episode was produced, a different idea came to him. In this alternate ending Davies imagines, Miss Hartigan "should have destroyed the Cybermen when she screamed... but she's still in the chair", as the Cyberking falls to the Earth, the Doctor calls out to her saying "Save them." This version would have Hartigan redeem herself as she is the one to cause the Cyberking to disappear, with no need for what Davies calls "a silly Dalek continuum dimension vault". Julie Gardner felt this would have been a superior, "marvellous" ending and Davies says he "can't bear that there could have been a better ending than we actually transmitted".
Davies also feels he would like to write a BBC Books novel, set in the midst of that brief scene where Jackson Lake is in the Doctor's TARDIS in which the Doctor takes Jackson to another planet, ending with the "no no no" scene before Jackson invites the Doctor to spend Christmas dinner with him.
Davies claims that he attempted to make Jackson Lake's companion Rosita a combination of Rose and Martha so that she felt like a companion before she had done anything.
Locations.
Filming for this episode was conducted in April 2008 at Gloucester Cathedral, St Woolos Cemetery in Newport and the streets of Gloucester, where shooting was hampered by up to 1,000 onlookers. The main setting of "Torchwood", their Torchwood Hub was also redesigned and used as the workshop for the children.
Casting.
David Morrissey is the main guest star, playing "a character called The Doctor – a man who believes himself to be a Time Lord". He was influenced in his performance by previous Doctor actors William Hartnell, Patrick Troughton and Tom Baker, as he believed there was "a truth" to their performances because they "never saw ["Doctor Who"] as a genre show or a children's show". He is joined by Velile Tshabalala as Rosita, the companion to
Morrissey's "Doctor", whom Russell T Davies describes as "probably cleverer than the two of them Doctors put together". For Tshabalala, the character came naturally because her "feisty cockney girl" characterisation was very "close to home" for her.
Dervla Kirwan plays Mercy Hartigan, who Russell T Davies describes in the episode's podcast commentary as "dark a villain as you will ever have". A lot of her characterisation goes unstated, but Russell discussed it in long conversations with Dervla Kirwan and fellow executive producer Julie Gardner. Davies characterises Miss Hartigan as "a victim of abuse", for whom the subtext suggests a "terrible backstory" which is symptomatic of her being "part of Victorian Age." Davies describes this as being "a powerless woman who's been in servitude or far worse all her life", but holds his tongue from saying her precise profession, relaying: "I'm talking quite discreetly around this because there are children listening and watching and there's only so far I should go." He does however explain that "She's had terrible things done to her" which is responsible for her "really twisted character where she sexualises everything." In terms of costume, "she wears red" because "everything's
inflammatory with her". "And in the end, actually" Davies discusses how to escape her male oppression she "becomes a man, she becomes the CyberKing. She has to go through this extraordinary process because she's so damaged."
Design.
Millennium FX's Neil Gorton's original design for the Cybershade took the existing Cyberman design and "refurbished" it by adding rivets and a copper finish. The design was cost-effective but Russell T Davies did not believe it was the right approach. He sketched a new design for the Cybershade that was "a crude version of a Cyberman, all angular and blocky, with its trademark handlebars set at a jaunty angle and shrouded in flowing black robes". Gorton used Davies' sketch to create a fibreglass mask that the Cybershade actors wore over their heads. Costume designer Louise Page made the flowing robes, that were "light enough to not restrict movement" to complete the Cybershade costume.
Originally, Gardner relayed that there was a widespread dissatisfaction with Hartigan's CyberKing crown. The original helmet, he remarked "was like the Cyberwoman's head from "Torchwood"" (referring to the episode "Cyberwoman"), literally "a Cyberman's head on Dervla Kirwan" or "as if Dervla Kirwan decided to go to a dress party as a Cyberman." Davies' response was "Oh my lord, no." The production team however worked hard, and in two days produced the final headpiece seen in the episode which Davies described as "beautiful", because it's "Victorian and it fits the design." In the scene after the headpiece is placed on her, Dervla wore black contact lenses and SFX company The Mill helped to get rid of "any traces of white" in post-production.
Broadcast and reception.
Broadcast.
Preliminary figures show that the episode had a viewing audience of 11.71 million during its original airing, with a peak at 12.58 million viewers, and a 50.5% share of the 18:00 timeslot it was shown. It was the second most watched programme of Christmas Day 2008, behind Wallace and Gromit's "A Matter of Loaf and Death". Final viewing figures show an audience of 13.1 million viewers.
The episode had an Appreciation Index figure of 86 (considered Excellent), making it the second most-enjoyed programme on mainstream television on Christmas Day. The only programme to score higher was "A Matter of Loaf and Death", which scored 88.
In Australia, the ABC aired the episode on 25 January 2009 from 7:30pm. In Canada, Space aired the special instead of CBC on 14 March 2009. BBC America aired the special in United States on 27 June 2009.
Although "The Next Doctor" was not filmed in HD, the BBC aired it on BBC One HD Thursday 30 December 2010. They up-scaled the program to HD, and it also included Dolby Surround sound. This is the third "Doctor Who" episode that has been up-scaled in the United Kingdom.
DVD release.
The DVD was released in the United Kingdom on 19 January 2009. The DVD features a full set of end credits newly produced in a "cinematic" format to replace the broadcast version. There is an hour of special features on the disc, including the full Doctor Who Confidential for the episode, a cut-down edition of the "Doctor Who" Prom hosted by Freema Agyeman and the seven-minute mini-episode "Music of the Spheres". The DVD was re-released on 11 January 2010 in the boxset 'The Complete Specials', packaged with the remainder of the 2008-10 specials.
Blu-ray release.
Although "The Next Doctor" was not filmed in High Definition, it was up-scaled for Blu-ray, with DTS HD 5.1 Audio, and released as part of the 2008-2010 Specials boxset, for Blu-ray, entitled "Doctor Who: The Complete Specials".
Soundtrack.
Selected pieces of score from this special, as composed by Murray Gold, were included in the specials soundtrack on 4 October 2010, released by Silva Screen Records.
Awards.
In April 2010, it was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Short Form, along with "Planet of the Dead". Both lost out to "The Waters of Mars".

</doc>
<doc id="18305520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305520" title="P23">
P23

P23, p23, P-23, or P.23 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18305522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305522" title="DS Smith">
DS Smith

DS Smith Plc is a leading British-based international packaging business. It is headquartered in Euston Road, London, and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
History.
The business was founded by David Solomon Smith in 1940 manufacturing cartons. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1986. In 1986 it acquired "St Regis Paper Company" and 1988 "Kemsley Paper Mill", both paper manufacturing businesses. In 1991 it went on to buy "Kaysersberg Packaging", a leading packaging business, and in 1993 it bought "Spicers", an office products wholesaler. In 1996 it acquired "John Dickinson", an envelope manufacturer, and in 2004 it completed the purchase of "Linpac Containers", a corrugated packaging manufacturer. In July 2011 it sold Spicers, its office products wholesaling business, for £200 million. DS Smith Plc acquired the packaging division of Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget ('SCA') for a net consideration of approximately €1.6 billion (c. £1.3 billion) on 1 July 2012.
Operations.
The company manufactures packaging - corrugated packaging, plastic packaging and recycled paper - at sites across the UK, including at Kemsley in Kent, and the Wansbrough Paper Mill in Watchet, Somerset.

</doc>
<doc id="18305523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305523" title="List of Transformers UK comics">
List of Transformers UK comics

Transformers was a comic published by Marvel UK for 332 issues, from 1984 to 1991. It consisted of re-printed material from the American "Transformers" comic, as well as original UK material. The format of the comic changed several times during its seven-year run.
First Format.
From 20 September 1984 to 14 September 1985 - Issues 1 to 26 - "Transformers" was published fortnightly. It contained a single "Transformers" story, along with varying back-up strips.
Second Format.
From 21 September 1985 (Issue 27) to 9 February 1991 (Issue 308), "Transformers" was published weekly, before reverting to fortnightly publication for its final twenty-four issues. During its Second Format, it contained a single Transformers story, along with varying back-up strips.
Third Format.
For a limited period, Transformers UK featured cover-to-cover Transformers action, with the back-up strip featuring reprints of the US Transformers spin-off series Headmasters.
Fourth Format.
With the completion of Headmasters, Transformers UK returned to featuring a single Transformers story, along with varying back-up strips.

</doc>
<doc id="18305526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305526" title="Andrey Ayzderdzis">
Andrey Ayzderdzis

Andrey Daynisovich Ayzderdzis (; also Romanized "Andrei Aizderdzis") (29 October 1958 — 26 April 1994) was a Russian politician and deputy of the State Duma.
Early life and education.
Ayzderdzis was born in Khimki on 29 October 1958. His mother was Russian and his father Latvian. He graduated from Moscow institute in 1982.
Career.
Ayzderdzis became a deputy of the State Duma in 1993, just one year before his death.
Death.
In the evening of 26 April 1994, Ayzderdzis was killed in Khimki, a suburb of Moscow. After his death, Sergey Mavrodi became a deputy of the State Duma, replacing him.

</doc>
<doc id="18305539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305539" title="Tom Richmond (cinematographer)">
Tom Richmond (cinematographer)

Thomas Julian Richmond (born January 18, 1950) is a cinematographer from New York. He is a Harvard University graduate in Art and Architecture and currently resides in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18305550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305550" title="2008 Internazionali Femminili di Palermo – Singles">
2008 Internazionali Femminili di Palermo – Singles

Ágnes Szávay was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Sara Errani won in the final 6–2, 6–3, against Mariya Koryttseva.

</doc>
<doc id="18305555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305555" title="Szuć">
Szuć

Szuć () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately west of Szczytno and south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
In the Middle Ages there was a settlement of Yotvingians in the area. The village name comes from the Old Prussian word "Suckans", meaning "fish".
In 2007 the village had a population of 244.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18305561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305561" title="Vaccine (journal)">
Vaccine (journal)

Vaccine is a peer-reviewed medical journal, published by Elsevier. It is targeted towards medical professionals who are interested in vaccines and vaccination. It describes itself as "an interface between academics, those in research and development, and workers in the field. Relevant topics range from basic research through to applications, safety and legislation."

</doc>
<doc id="18305562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305562" title="Abboushi">
Abboushi

Abboushi is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18305579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305579" title="List of shipwrecks in 1878">
List of shipwrecks in 1878

The list of shipwrecks in 1878 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1878.

</doc>
<doc id="18305592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305592" title="Daxing Line, Beijing Subway">
Daxing Line, Beijing Subway

The Daxing Line of the Beijing Subway () is a rapid transit line that connects the southern Daxing District of the city with the subway network. It extends Line 4 south from its southern terminus at Majialou, on the 4th Ring Road in Fengtai District, to Nanzhao Lu, beyond the 6th Ring Road in Daxing District. The Daxing Line is about 21.7 km in length with 18 km underground. Of the 12 stations, only Xihongmen is above the surface. (See map Full-scale construction began in 2007 and the line was opened on December 30, 2010, 14:00 local time.
Route & Service.
Though the Daxing Line is classified as a distinct line, the Beijing MTR Corp. operates through-train service on Lines 4 and Daxing, making the two lines effectively one line for travelers. With the opening of the Daxing Line on December 30, 2010, the Beijing MTR Corp. now runs two types of train service on the combined Line 4-Daxing Line route: 
Stations.
Daxing Line and Line 4 stations, from north to south (with transfer points):
Notes.
a. Line 4 ridership included. 

</doc>
<doc id="18305607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305607" title="Abbruzzi">
Abbruzzi

Abbruzzi is a surname of Italian origin. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18305628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305628" title="Yizhuang Line, Beijing Subway">
Yizhuang Line, Beijing Subway

The Yizhuang Line of the Beijing Subway (), formerly designated "Line L2", is a rapid transit line that connects the Yizhuang Industrial Park with Beijing's subway network. The line is long with 14 stations, including six underground and eight on the surface. It runs from Songjiazhuang, the current southern terminus of Line 5, Beijing Subway in Fengtai District to the Yizhuang Railway Station in Tongzhou District and passes through the southern Chaoyang and northern Daxing Districts. Total investment for the line was estimated at ¥1.2 billion. Construction began on December 8, 2007 and the line opened on December 30, 2010.
Route.
Stations listed from north to south:

</doc>
<doc id="18305638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305638" title="Stjepan Babić">
Stjepan Babić

Stjepan Babić (born November 29, 1925, Oriovac) is a Croatian linguist and academic.
Biography.
He was born in the small town of Oriovac in Brod-Posavina County, even though his biological parents are from Hrvatsko Zagorje. He attended primary school in Oriovac, and gymnasium in Slavonski Brod, Osijek and finally in Zagreb. In 1948 he got employed in Industrogradnja, soon after the political winds threw him to Petrinjska prison. After Petrinjska he enrolled to Faculty of Philosophy at the University of Zagreb in 1949, graduating in 1955 Croatian, Russian and German. Afterwards he remained working as an assistant at the Faculty of Philosophy, defending his Ph.D. in 1962 and receiving full professorship in 1975. He was the vice-president of Matica Hrvatska from 1989 to 1992, and representative in the "Županijski Dom" (Chamber of the Counties) from 1993 to 1997. He retired as professor in 1991.
Selected works.
Babić is one of the most prolific Croatian linguists, with over 1000 published works (books, articles etc.). His work deals predominantly with modern Croatian standard language, word formation in particular. In his papers published during the 1960s decade Babić advocated a linguistic unification of Serbs and Croats. Since the 1990s, Babić has been one of the leading proponents of language purism in Croatia. His puristic approach has been criticised by Ivo Pranjković and especially by Snježana Kordić.
This listing includes only books:

</doc>
<doc id="18305639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305639" title="Jean Bène">
Jean Bène

Jean Bène(12 July 1901 - 26 April 1992) was a lifelong politician in France and a leader in the French Resistance.
Bène was born in Pézenas, Hérault. Initially a lawyer, he turned to politics. He was member of the Parti Socialiste in the SFIO. Bène was conseiller municipal of Pézenas in 1929, then mayor in 1931. He was recalled by the Vichy regime.
He involved himself in the resistance and created the La Tourette maquis, one of the maquis networks of resistance fighters, in the commune of Ferrières-Poussarou. For this he would be decorated with the Légion d'honneur, the Croix de guerre and the médaille de la Résistance.
He returned to the mayorship of Pézenas from 1945 to 1947 and then from 1953 to 1977.
In 1945 he became president of the conseil général of the Hérault, and continued in this role until 1979. He was senator for the Hérault from 1959 until 1971, during which he was on the commissions for foreign affairs, for defense and for the armed forces.
The "collège de Pézenas" is named in Bène's honour.

</doc>
<doc id="18305652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305652" title="List of shipwrecks in 1863">
List of shipwrecks in 1863

The list of shipwrecks in 1863 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="18305664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305664" title="LYaPAS">
LYaPAS

LYaPAS (Russian: ЛЯПАС, short for "Logical Language for the Representation of Synthesis Algorithms") is a programming language created in the Soviet Union in 1964 by Arkady D.Zakrevskij of the Laboratory of System Programming and Logical Synthesis of the BSSR Academy of Sciences.
LYaPAS is an extension to APL, and was initially designed to program the URAL-1 computer. An interesting feature of the language is its use of octal numbers.
A further refinement of LYaPAS is LYaPAS-M.

</doc>
<doc id="18305690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305690" title="Andrei Mokh">
Andrei Mokh

Andrei Vladimirovich Mokh () (born 20 October 1965 in Tomsk) is a retired Russian football player.
International career.
Mokh made his debut for USSR on 21 November 1990 in a friendly against United States. He also played one game for Russia on 24 March 1993 in a friendly against Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="18305695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305695" title="Abdel Fattah">
Abdel Fattah

Abdel Fattah () is a Muslim male given name, and in modern usage, surname. It is built from the Arabic words "Abd", "al-" and "Fattah". The name means "servant of the Conqueror", "Al-Fattāh" being one of the names of God in the Qur'an, which give rise to the Muslim theophoric names.
The letter "a" of the "al-" is unstressed, and can be transliterated by almost any vowel, often by "e". So the first part can appear as Abdel, Abdul or Abd-al. The second part may appear as Fattah, Fatah, or in other ways. The whole name is subject to variable spacing and hyphenation. 
People with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="18305707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305707" title="Brown Town, North Carolina">
Brown Town, North Carolina

Brown Town is an unincorporated community in Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. It is located on the eastern edge of the town of Belmont along the Catawba River.
Fire protection in Brown Town is provided by Community Volunteer Fire Department.

</doc>
<doc id="18305727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305727" title="Maquis La Tourette">
Maquis La Tourette

The Maquis La Tourette was one of the maquis groups of French resistance fighters during the German occupation of France in the Second World War.
The maquis was created by Jean Bène, inserted into the high cantons of the Hérault "département" in the Ferrières-Poussarou commune. It operated as far as Béziers.

</doc>
<doc id="18305757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305757" title="Intermediate Math League of Eastern Massachusetts">
Intermediate Math League of Eastern Massachusetts

The Intermediate Math League of Eastern Massachusetts (or IMLEM) is a math league for middle schools across Eastern Massachusetts. A brief history of IMLEM is given in its By-Laws:
Schools.
Each of the 64 teams, representing 58 schools, (numbers as of 2007-08) are assigned a geographic cluster and a scoring division. A school's scoring division is recommended by the league president based on an average of the school's scores for each of the previous three years. New schools are placed by the league president after a few meets.
Each team consists of at most ten students, of which no more than seven can be in 8th grade. No student above 8th grade can compete, and no student can compete for more than three years. There is no handicap for sending a team of less than ten students.
Schools may send more than one team, however no student can compete on more than one team in a year. Also, a school may send alternates to gain the experience of a meet.
Meets.
IMLEM has five meets every year, one in October, November, January, February, and March. For the first three meets, no calculators or external aids of any sort are allowed for any round. However, for the last two meets, calculators without programming or graphing capabilities, and without a QWERTY keyboard, are allowed for all rounds.
Meets are held at distinct locations for each of the ten geographic clusters. Schools within the clusters generally hold at most one of the meets. Each of the meets are generally held on the same day by all clusters; however for scheduling conflicts, schools may host meets on other days.
There are five individual categories, and they are: Mystery, Geometry, Number Theory, Arithmetic, and Algebra. Each individual round contains three questions, varying in content but focusing on topics published by the test writer. Questions in individual rounds are worth 2 points each. (Before this was the case, questions would be worth the question number, i.e., one point for question one, two points for question two and three points for question three.) Students are given 10 minutes to complete the round, along with a 1-minute warning.
The sixth category is a 15-minute, six-question team round. The entire team collaborates to solve each of the questions. The first five questions are usually based on topics from the five individual rounds, and the sixth question involves the answers to the first five questions. Each question is worth 6 points, and a team may get a maximum of 36 team round points.
Students take three individual categories, and no more than six students on a team may take a single category. In a round, the maximum score for an individual is 6, and the maximum score for a team is 36. It follows that the maximum individual score is 18, and the maximum team score is 216.
18s are not uncommon, and each meet sees many individuals who get 18s. Coming into the 2004-05 school year, a score above 200 had been achieved only five times: twice by Diamond Middle School, twice by Clarke Middle School, and the long-standing record of 205 set by Marblehead in 1983. (This was when individual rounds were weighted 1-2-3 instead of 2-2-2.) The first meet of 2004-05 saw two teams score 200: Clarke scored 200, and Diamond shattered the record by scoring 212. Diamond scored perfect 36s in each of the rounds except for round 3 (number theory), in which 2 students each got a question wrong.
The 2007-08 season saw Clarke Middle School shatter many records, recent and not alike. Firstly, Clarke scored 1006 for the year, which is an "average" of 201.2 per meet. This broke the previous record set by Diamond back in the 2004-05 year. Secondly, they outscored second place Diamond by 122 points, also breaking a Diamond record, this one set in 2005-06. This is in part an effect of the test-writers' push to make problems easier so as to encourage more participation.
Each of the meets follows the following basic format. Each of the teams arrive usually by 3:15, and after snacks, the five individual rounds are held in succession. After that, a fifteen-minute team round is conducted. For all rounds, alternates and regulars are split. Finally, awards are distributed and teams should depart around 5:30.
Divisions.
† Year indicated is that of the "end" of that school year (i.e., 2007 represents the 2006-07 school year).

</doc>
<doc id="18305760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305760" title="Mujahideen">
Mujahideen

Mujahideen ( ', nominative plural ', oblique plural ' "strugglers" or "people doing jihad") is a term that Muslims use to describe those they see as Muslims who struggle in the path of Allah. The word is from the same Arabic triliteral root as "jihad" ("struggle"). In recent years, Mujahideen has been most closely associated by the west with radical Islam, encompassing several militant groups and struggles.
History.
Origin of the concept.
The beginnings of Jihad are traced back to the words and actions of Mohammad and the Qur'an. The people who helped Mohammad were referred to as "Ansars" ("helpers") and "Muhajirs" ("immigrants" who left due to years of persecution in Makkah, settling in Madinah). Then the Muhajireen's property was confiscated in Makkah, so Mohammed called upon the Muslims to participate in Jihad against the Quraysh.
The earliest known expeditions they participated in were the Caravan raids, where they were given the task of intercepting Quraysh caravans. They also participated in other battles, such as the Battle of Badr and Uhud.
The term Mujahideen was first used by the West to describe the mountainous sect of hillmen in Afghanistan who fought against British control (although initially to the British they were known as "Sitana Fanatics"). It began in 1829 when a religious man, Sayyid Ahmed Shah Brelwi, came back to the village of Sitana from a pilgrimage to Mecca and began preaching war against the infidels in the area defining the Northwest border of British India. Although he died in battle, the sect he had created survived and the Mujahideen gained more power and prominence. During the Indian Mutiny of 1857, the Mujahideen were said to accept any fleeing Sepoys and recruit them into their ranks. As time went by the sect grew ever larger until it was raiding and controlling larger areas in Afghanistan.
Modern Jihadism.
The modern phenomenon of jihadism that presents jihad (offensive or defensive) as the "casus belli" for insurgencies, guerilla warfare and international terrorism, dates back to the 1960s and draws on early-to-mid-20th century Islamist doctrines such as Qutbism.
Afghanistan.
Arguably the best-known mujahideen outside the Islamic world, various loosely aligned Afghan opposition groups initially rebelled against the government of the pro-Soviet Democratic Republic of Afghanistan (DRA) during the late 1970s. At the DRA's request, the Soviet Union brought forces into the country to aid the government from 1979. The mujahideen fought against Soviet and DRA troops during the Soviet War in Afghanistan (1979-1989); the United States provided assistance. After the Soviet Union pulled out of the conflict in the late 1980s, the mujahideen fought each other for control in the subsequent Afghan Civil War.
Afghanistan's resistance movement originated in chaos and, at first, regional warlords waged virtually all of its fighting locally. As warfare became more sophisticated, outside support and regional coordination grew. The basic units of mujahideen organization and action continued to reflect the highly decentralized nature of Afghan society and strong loci of competing mujahideen and tribal groups, particularly in isolated areas among the mountains. Eventually, the seven main mujahideen parties allied as the political bloc called Islamic Unity of Afghanistan Mujahideen.
Many Muslims from other countries assisted the various mujahideen groups in Afghanistan. Some groups of these veterans became significant players in later conflicts in and around the Muslim world. Osama bin Laden, originally from a wealthy family in Saudi Arabia, was a prominent organizer and financier of an all-Arab Islamist group of foreign volunteers; his Maktab al-Khadamat funnelled money, arms, and Muslim fighters from around the Muslim world into Afghanistan, with the assistance and support of the Saudi and Pakistani governments. These foreign fighters became known as "Afghan Arabs" and their efforts were coordinated by Abdullah Yusuf Azzam.
Mujahideen forces caused serious casualties to the Soviet forces, and made the war very costly for the Soviet Union. In 1989 the Soviet Union withdrew its forces from Afghanistan. Many districts and cities then fell to the mujahideen; in 1992 the DRA's last president, Mohammad Najibullah, was overthrown.
However, the mujahideen did not establish a united government, and many of the larger mujahideen groups began to fight each other over power in Kabul. After several years of devastating fighting, a village mullah named Mohammed Omar organized a new armed movement with the backing of Pakistan. This movement became known as the Taliban ("students" in Pashto), referring to the Saudi-backed religious schools known for producing extremism. Veteran mujahideen confronted this radical splinter-group in 1996.
Burma.
A sizable number of mujahideen were present and concentrated in the province of Arakan, Burma. There were many Muslim Rebels in Rakhine State of Burma in 1949—a year after achieving Independence. Mir Kashem was the leader of the group known as "Mujahids", a group that consisted primarily of immigrants from neighboring Bangladesh. This particular movement was crushed by the Burmese Army in 1950s. Mir Kashem himself was assassinated in Cox's Bazar. This movement under Kashem collapsed after his death and his followers surrendered. When asked about their race, they called themselves as "Rohingyas". They were much more active before the 1962 coup d'etat by General Ne Win. Ne Win carried out some military operations targeting them over a period of two decades. The prominent one was "Operation King Dragon" which took place in 1978; as a result, many Muslims in the region fled to neighboring Bangladesh as refugees. Nevertheless, the Burmese mujahideen remained active within the remote areas of Arakan. Their associations with Bangladeshi mujahideen were significant but they have extended their networks to the international level and countries such as Pakistan, Malaysia, et al., during the recent years. They collect donations, and receive religious military training outside of Burma.
Bosnia and Herzegovina.
During the Bosnian war 1992-1995, some foreign Muslims came to Bosnia as mujahideen. The war had been depicted in the international press as an attack on Muslims. Serb forces attacked Bosniak (Bosnian Muslim) communities indiscriminately, and committed substantial atrocities against the Bosniak population (see Bosnian Genocide, Srebrenica Massacre, Serbian War Crimes in the Yugoslav Wars). This moved Muslims who shared mujahideen beliefs to come to the aid of oppressed fellow Muslims, and also presented an opportunity to strike at "infidels". The number of foreign Muslim volunteers in Bosnia was estimated at about 4,000 in contemporary newspaper reports. Later research estimated about 400 foreign volunteers. They came from places such as Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Jordan, Egypt, Iraq and the Palestinian Territories; to quote the summary of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia judgment:
The evidence shows that foreign volunteers arrived in central Bosnia in the second half of 1992 with the aim of helping Muslims against the Serbian aggressors. Mostly they came from North Africa, the Near East and the Middle East. The foreign volunteers differed considerably from the local population, not only because of their physical appearance and the language they spoke, but also because of their fighting methods. The various foreign, Muslim volunteers were primarily organized into an umbrella detachment of the 7th Muslim Brigade, which was a brigade of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, based in Zenica. This independent subdivision colloquially known as "El-Mudžahid", was composed exclusively of foreign nationals and not Bosnians (whereas the 7th Muslim Brigade was entirely made up of native Bosniaks) and consisted of somewhere between 300 to 1,500 volunteers. Enver Hadžihasanović, Lieutenant Colonel of the Bosnian Army's 3rd Corps, appointed Mahmut Karalić (Commandant), Asim Koričić (Chief of Staff) and Amir Kubura (Assistant Chief for Operational and Curricula) to lead the group.
Some of the mujahideen funnelled arms and money into the country which Bosnia was in dire need of due to a United Nations-sanctioned arms embargo restricting the importation of weapons into all of the republics of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. However, many of the mujahideen were extremely devout Muslims of the strict Salafi sect, which contrasted sharply with the widely renowned secular society and liberal attitudes Bosnian Muslims harbored. This led to friction between the mujahideen and the Bosniaks. Furthermore, some mujahideen wanted to fight a war of extermination, or use Bosniak territory as a base for terrorist operations elsewhere. This was contrary to the war goals of the Bosnian government, who was primarily oriented towards fighting for national independence.
Foreign volunteers in Bosnia have been variously accused of committing war crimes during the conflict. However, the ICTY has not ever issued indictments against mujahideen fighters. Instead, the ICTY indicted some Bosnian Army commanders on the basis of superior criminal responsibility. The ICTY acquitted Amir Kubura and Enver Hadžihasanović of the Bosnian 3rd Corps of all charges related to the incidents involving mujahideen. Furthermore, the Appeals Chamber noted that the relationship between the 3rd Corps and the El Mujahedin detachment was not one of subordination but was instead close to overt hostility since the only way to control the detachment was to attack them as if they were a distinct enemy force.
The ICTY Trial Chamber convicted Rasim Delic, the former chief of the Bosnian Army General Staff. The ICTY found that Delic had effective control over the El Mujahid Detachment. He was sentenced to three years imprisonment for failure to prevent or punish the cruel treatment of twelve captured Serb soldiers by the Mujahideen. Delic remained in the Detention Unit while appellate proceedings continued.
Some individual members of the Bosnian Mujahideen, gained particular prominence within Bosnia as well as international attention from various foreign governments, such as Abdelkader Mokhtari, Fateh Kamel, and Karim Said Atmani, all of whom were North African volunteers with well established links to Islamic Fundamentalist groups before and after the Bosnian War.
India and Pakistan.
An outfit calling itself the Indian Mujahideen came to light in 2008 with multiple large scale terror attacks. On November 26, 2008, a group calling itself the Deccan Mujahideen claimed responsibility for a string of attacks across Mumbai. The "Weekly Standard" claimed, "Indian intelligence believes the Indian Mujahideen is a front group created by Lashkar-e-Taiba and the Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami to confuse investigators and cover the tracks of the Students Islamic Movement of India, or SIMI, a radical Islamist movement with aim to establish Islamic rule over India. In the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir, Kashmiri Muslim separatists opposing Indian rule are often known as "mujahideen".
Several different militant groups have since taken root in Pakistan-controlled Kashmir. Most noticeable of these groups are Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM), Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF), Hizbul Mujahideen and Harkat-ul-Mujahideen (HuM). A 1996 report by Human Rights Watch estimated the number of active mujahideen at 3,200.
The members of the Salafi movement (within Sunni Islam) in the south Indian state of Kerala is known as "Mujahids".
Iran.
While more than one group in Iran have called themselves mujahideen, the most famous is the People's Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI), an Iraq-based Islamic Socialist militant organization that advocates the overthrow of Iran's current government. The group also took part in the 1979 Iranian Revolution, Iraq-Iran War (on the side of Iraqis), and in the Iraqi internal conflicts.
Another mujahideen was the Mujahedin-e Islam, an Islamic party led by Ayatollah Abol-Ghasem Kashani. It formed part of the National Front (Iran) during the time of Mohammed Mosaddeq's oil nationalization, but broke away from Mosaddeq over his allegedly un-Islamic policies.
Iraq.
The term "mujahideen" is sometimes applied to fighters who joined the insurgency after the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Some groups also use the word "mujahideen" in their names, like Mujahideen Shura Council and Mujahideen Army.
Following the U.S. invasion of Iraq as part of the George W. Bush administration's post 9/11 foreign policy, many foreign Mujahideen joined several Sunni militant groups resisting the U.S. occupation of Iraq. A considerable part of the insurgents did not come from Iraq but instead from many other Arab countries, notably Jordan and Saudi Arabia. Among these recruits was Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, a Jordanian national who would go on to assume the leadership of Al-Qaeda in Iraq (AQI).
North Caucasus.
The term mujahideen has often been used to refer to all separatist fighters in the case of the First and Second Chechen Wars. However, in this article, mujahideen is used to refer to the foreign, non-Caucasian fighters who joined the separatists’ cause for the sake of Jihad. They are often called Ansaar (helpers) in related literature dealing with this conflict to prevent confusion with the native fighters.
Foreign mujahideen have played a part in both Chechen wars. After the collapse of the Soviet Union and the subsequent Chechen declaration of independence, foreign fighters began entering the region and associating themselves with local rebels (most notably Shamil Basayev). Many of the foreign fighters were veterans of the Soviet-Afghan war. The mujahideen also made a significant financial contribution to the separatists’ cause; with their access to the immense wealth of Salafist charities like al-Haramein, they soon became an invaluable source of funds for the Chechen resistance, which had few resources of its own.
Most of the mujahideen decided to remain in Chechnya after the withdrawal of Russian forces. In 1999, foreign fighters played an important role in the ill-fated Chechen incursion into Dagestan, where they suffered a decisive defeat and were forced to retreat back into Chechnya. The incursion provided the new Russian government with a pretext for intervention. Russian ground forces invaded Chechnya again in December 1999.
The mujahideen were deemed responsible for the decapitation of six young Russian conscripts caught in Dagestan during a rebel incursion. The beheading was depicted in a video that was posted online. The six Russian conscripts were caught behind enemy lines after the small and unprepared Russian unit retreated during a rebel advance onto Dagestan. The mujahideen were then killed by Russian special forces during a gunfight a short time later.
The separatists were less successful in the Second Chechen War. The Chechens were unable to hold their ground against better prepared and more determined Russian forces. Russian officials claimed that the separatists had been defeated as early as 2002. The Russians also succeeded in killing the most prominent mujahideen commanders, most notably Ibn al-Khattab and Abu al-Walid.
Although the region has since been far from stable, separatist activity has decreased, though some foreign fighters remain active in Chechnya. In the last months of 2007, the influence of foreign fighters became apparent again when Dokka Umarov proclaimed the Caucasus Emirate being fought for by the Caucasian Mujahadeen, a pan-Caucasian Islamic state of which Chechnya was to be a province. This move caused a rift in the resistance movement between those supporting the Emirate and those who were in favour of preserving the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria.
Kosovo.
According to the Serbian and other European press several hundred to a few thousand Mujahideen fighters from the Middle East and other parts of the world later joined the Kosovo Liberation Army to fight against Serbian forces in the Kosovo war 1997–1999. Allegedly some of them formed their own units with Albanian leaders who spoke Arabic fluently. The greatest involvement was in the conflicts along the border with Albania as well as in the Battle of Košare. After the war most of the foreign volunteers went back to their home lands, while some of them remained in Kosovo where they became citizens.
In April 2000, official Yugoslav news agency Tanjug published a story from Priština, Kosovo about Osama bin Laden and Abu Hassan being in Kosovo in order to "carry out terrorist acts in Kosovo", and the story was carried by the AFP wire service.
The Kosovo Liberation Army included in its ranks foreign volunteers from Belgium, the UK, Germany, the US and France.
Nigeria.
Boko Haram has been active in Nigeria since it was founded in 2001. It existed in other forms before 2001. Although it initially limited its operations to northeast Nigeria, it has since expanded to other parts of Nigeria, and to Cameroon, Niger and Chad. Boko Haram seeks to implement sharia law across Nigeria.
Philippines.
Between the United States' acquisition of the Philippines in 1898 after the Spanish American War and a treaty with Sultan Jamal ul-Kiram II - the Sultan of Sulu - in 1915, the United States and the government of the Philippines faced the Moro Rebellion. During this period, religious rebels supported by the Sultan fought for removal of the Christian-dominated Philippine government from the Sulu Archipelago and Mindanao and for the independence of the Sultanate of Sulu. Some volunteers committed themselves to hand-to-hand combat and probable death. In Spanish, these religious rebels were known as "juramentados", or "oath-takers", and have been compared with Mujahideen.
Abu Sayyaf is an Islamic separatist group in the southern Philippines. The group is known for its kidnappings of Western nationals and Filipinos, for which it has received several large ransom-payments. Some Abu Sayyaf members have studied or worked in Saudi Arabia and developed relations with the mujahideen members while fighting and training in the war against the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. The members of Abu Sayyaf proclaimed themselves as mujahideen, but are not supported by many people in the Philippines including its Muslim clerics. Abu Sayyaf is thought to have around 400 members.
Somalia.
In July 2006, a Web-posted message purportedly written by Osama bin Laden urged Somalis to build an Islamic state in the country and warned western states that his al-Qaeda network would fight against them if they intervened there. Foreign fighters began to arrive, though there were official denials of the presence of mujahideen in the country.
Even so, the threat of jihad was made openly and repeatedly in the months preceding the Battle of Baidoa. On December 23, 2006, Islamists, for the first time, called upon international fighters to join their cause. The term "mujahideen" is now openly used by the post-ICU resistance against the Ethiopians and the TFG.
Harakat al-Shabaab Mujahideen is said to have non-Somali foreigners in its ranks, particularly among its leadership. Fighters from the Persian Gulf and international jihadists were called to join the holy war against the Somali government and its Ethiopian allies. Though Somali Islamists did not use suicide bombing tactics before, the foreign elements of al-Shabaab are blamed for several suicide bombings. A 2006 UN report stated that Iran, Libya, Egypt and other countries in the Persian Gulf region were the main backers of the Islamist extremists. Egypt has a longstanding policy of securing the Nile River flow by destabilizing Ethiopia. Similarly, recent media reports said that Egyptian and Arab jihadists were the core members of Al-Shabaab, and were training Somalis in sophisticated weaponry and suicide bombing techniques. In early 2012, hundreds of fighters from the Middle-East and Pakistan left Somalia, apparently to help defend Al-Qaeda territory in Yemen, where a new president is likely to use his popular mandate and American support to mount an offensive against Al-Qaeda.
Syria.
Various Islamic groups, often referred to as mujahideen and jihadists, have participated in the Syrian civil war. Alawites, the sect to which Syrian President Bashar al-Assad belongs, are considered to be heretics in some Sunni Muslim circles. In this sense, Al-Qaeda and affiliates have been anti-Assad.
American officials believe that Al-Qaeda in Iraq has conducted bomb attacks against Syrian government forces, and al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri condemned Assad. Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said that al-Qaeda in Iraq members have gone to Syria, where the militants previously received support and weapons from the Syrian government in order to destabilize the US occupation of Iraq. On 23 April, one of the leaders of Fatah al-Islam, Abdel Ghani Jawhar, was killed during the Battle of Al-Qusayr, after he blew himself up while making a bomb. A member of the Abdullah Azzam Brigades in Lebanon admitted that his group had sent fighters to Syria, while a group thought linked to al-Qaeda and calling itself the al-Nusra Front claimed for a suicide bomb attack on 6 January 2012 in the central Damascus neighbourhood of al-Midan killed 26 people, most of whom were civilians, as well as for truck bombs that killed 55 people and injured 370. Jihadist leaders and intelligence sources said foreign fighters had begun to enter Syria only in February 2012. In May 2012, Syria's U.N. envoy Bashar Ja'afari declared that dozens of foreign fighters from Libya, Tunisia, Egypt, Britain, France elsewhere had been captured or killed, and urged Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey to stop "their sponsorship of the armed rebellion". Jihadist leaders and intelligence sources said foreign fighters had begun to enter Syria only in February 2012. In June, it was reported that hundreds of foreign fighters, many linked to al-Qaeda, had gone to Syria to fight against Assad. In July, Iraq's foreign minister again warned that members of al-Qaeda in Iraq were seeking refuge in Syria and moving there to fight. When asked if the United States would arm the opposition, Hillary Clinton expressed fears that such weapons could fall into the hands of al-Qaeda or Hamas.

</doc>
<doc id="18305763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305763" title="James H. Donovan">
James H. Donovan

James H. Donovan was a New York State senator for Oneida county. He began the Parents as Reading Partners program [http://www.nyspta.org/programs/PARP.cfm][http://www.wickedlocal.com/utica/opinions/editorials/x811422813/Put-focus-on-partnership-for-reading].

</doc>
<doc id="18305811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305811" title="Sergei Nekrasov">
Sergei Nekrasov

Sergei Vladimirovich Nekrasov () (born January 29, 1973 in Moscow) is a retired Russian football player.
His younger brother Igor Nekrasov also played football professionally.
International career.
Nekrasov played his only game for Russia on November 11, 1998 in a friendly against Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="18305816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305816" title="Symphony No. 9 (Henze)">
Symphony No. 9 (Henze)

The Ninth Symphony of the German composer Hans Werner Henze was written in 1997. 
It is a choral symphony, subtitled "Den Helden und Märtyrern des deutschen Antifaschismus gewidmet" ("Dedicated to the heroes and martyrs of German anti-fascism"). The text, written by the poet Hans-Ulrich Treichel, is based on the 1942 novel "Das siebte Kreuz" ("The Seventh Cross") by Anna Seghers, in which seven prisoners attempt to escape the Westhofen concentration camp, only one of them surviving. According to the composer, the symphony deals with themes that have preoccupied him since he was conscripted to the German Army as a young man during World War II. His earlier Requiem is in many ways a precursor to this work.
Across its seven movements, and in parallel with the novel, it recounts the story of a fugitive from the Nazis, with depictions of the callousness of small-town torture and 'official' police reporting and the felling of plane trees to make crosses with which to crucify recaptured fugitives (movements two and three). The sixth movement is a delirious episode in a cathedral where the fugitive's faithless encounter with Christian imagery is contrasted with the death of an escapee in the previous movement, and the arrival of attack dogs at the end. The final movement depicts the fugitive's eventual escape in a ship (sailing down the Rhine in the novel). However, the ending, like much else in the work, is ambiguous, contrasting the individual's successful escape with the fact that the general threat remains at large.
Premiere.
It was premiered on 11 September 1997 at the Philharmonie, Berlin with the Berlin Radio Choir and the Berliner Philharmoniker conducted by Ingo Metzmacher. The performance was also recorded by EMI.

</doc>
<doc id="18305817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305817" title="The Corsham School">
The Corsham School

The Corsham School is an Arts College and large secondary school and academy in Corsham, Wiltshire, England. It has 1,417 students enrolled, with over 200 in the sixth form facility.
Background.
Students from the market town of Corsham and those of nearby villages, such as Colerne, Box, Wiltshire and Shaw, Wiltshire attend along with others from nearby towns such as Bath, Chippenham and Melksham.
Layout.
The school is split into five different blocks.
Academic standards.
The Corsham School was described as "exceptional" in increasing the number of pupils attaining top level GCSE grades by Bob Wolfson, Wiltshire's education director, in January 2004. More than two-thirds of Corsham's pupils achieved five or more A* to C grades at GCSE in 2003, a big improvement from just over half the students in 2002.School Standards Minister David Miliband announced that he was keen to see the strategy spread to most schools in the country.
In 2009, The Corsham school got an 'outstanding' Ofsted report. In December 2012, the school achieved a rating of good.

</doc>
<doc id="18305818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305818" title="Crowders, North Carolina">
Crowders, North Carolina

Crowders is an unincorporated community in Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. It is located approximately south of downtown Gastonia on U.S. Route 321 and north of the South Carolina state line.

</doc>
<doc id="18305834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305834" title="Nielson">
Nielson

Nielson is a surname. It refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18305877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305877" title="Maltio Strict Nature Reserve">
Maltio Strict Nature Reserve

Maltio Strict Nature Reserve ("Maltion luonnonpuisto") is a strict nature reserve located in Lapland, Finland. It has been used f.e. to study the relation of reindeers and predators. At Maltio is lot of bird species.

</doc>
<doc id="18305890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305890" title="Gary Hurney">
Gary Hurney

Gary Hurney (born 1980) is an Irish dual player of hurling and Gaelic football who formerly played for the Waterford senior team in both codes. 
Hurney made his first appearance for the Waterford football team during the 1999 championship against cork and immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen. He also spent three seasons with the Waterford senior hurling team. During his inter-county career Hurney has enjoyed little success. He was an All-Ireland runner-up in hurling on one occasion. He announced his retirement from inter-county football in December 2013, citing injuries and family commitments. 
Hurney plays his club hurling and football with Abbeyside/Ballinacourty. He has won three county football championship medals with his beloved Abbeyside/Ballinacourty.

</doc>
<doc id="18305897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305897" title="Musée Fragonard d'Alfort">
Musée Fragonard d'Alfort

The Musée Fragonard d'Alfort, often simply the Musée Fragonard, is a museum of anatomical oddities located within the École Nationale Vétérinaire de Maisons-Alfort, 7 avenue du Général de Gaulle, in Maisons-Alfort, a suburb of Paris. It is open several days per week in the cooler months; an admission fee is charged.
The École Nationale Vétérinaire de Maisons-Alfort is one of the world's oldest veterinary schools, and the museum, created in 1766 with the school, is among France's oldest. It opened to the public in 1991, and today consists of three rooms containing a large collection of anatomical oddities and dissections, most of which date from the 19th and early 20th centuries. In addition to animal skeletons and dissections, such as a piglet displayed in cross-section, the museum contains a substantial collection of monstrosities (teratology) including Siamese twin lambs, a two-headed calf, a 10-legged sheep, and a colt with one huge eye.
The museum's most astonishing items are the famous "écorchés" (flayed figures) prepared by Honoré Fragonard, the school's first professor of anatomy, appointed in 1766 and in 1771 dismissed from the school as a madman. His speciality was the preparation and preservation of skinned cadavers, of which he prepared some 700 examples. Only 21 remain; all are on display in the museum's final room. These exhibits include:

</doc>
<doc id="18305909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305909" title="Nikolai Olenikov">
Nikolai Olenikov

Nikolai Vladimirovich Olenikov () (born 24 May 1975 in Stavropol Krai) is an association football defender who plays for FC Sever Murmansk .
International career.
Olenikov made his debut for Russia on 21 August 2002 in a friendly against Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="18305920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305920" title="Pisavaara Strict Nature Reserve">
Pisavaara Strict Nature Reserve

Pisavaara Strict Nature Reserve ("Pisavaaran luonnonpuisto") is a strict nature reserve located in Lapland, Finland. This varied reserve includes the southermost arctic biotope in Finland, as well as totally unmanaged forests of both southern and northern Finnish types. There is no public access.

</doc>
<doc id="18305924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305924" title="SC Steinfort">
SC Steinfort

SC Steinfort is a football club from Luxembourg is a football club, based in Steinfort, in western Luxembourg.
History.
SC Steinfort was only founded in 2007, a result of the merger of "Sporting Steinfort" and "Sporting Club Lissabon Luxemburg". They immediately won promotion to the Luxembourg National Division after claiming 3rd spot in the Second Division at the end of the 2007/2008 season. They then beat FC Wiltz 71 2-0 in a promotion/relegation play off match. In 2008/09 the club finished in 13th place and were relegated to the Luxembourg Division of Honour.
Current squad.
"2010/2011 season"

</doc>
<doc id="18305926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305926" title="Kesselaid">
Kesselaid

Kesselaid (also Kessulaid, or diminutively Kessu. ; ) is a Estonian islet located between the mainland and the island of Muhu in the Suur väin ("Big Strait") which connects the Väinameri strait and the Gulf of Riga. There's only one village on the island Kesse, which is administratively part of Muhu Parish, Saare County.
With the highest point 15.6 m above sea level it's the highest islet of Estonia. It is also considered to be the oldest islet, it arose around 3000 BC.
Since 1938, the 7 to 8 feet high cliffs of Kesselaid have been designated a nature reserve. 
Kesselaid was first described in print in 1644 by in the Swedish maritime book "Een siö-book, som innehåller om siöfarten i Östersiön" by Johan Månsson. Kesselaid had been inhabited by ethnic Estonians for centuries but began heavy colonization by German settlers in the 16th Century. In 1807 Kesselaid was sold to the Baltic German noble Jacob Friedrich von Helwig. By the end of the 1930s there were still 35 permanent residents on the island. 
Today, in summer Kesselaid is partly used as pasture and grazing land for cattle and goats. It has also become an excursion destination for nature tourists. On the island, 16 species of orchids are counted. From the island of Muhu, wild boar and elk occasionally swim to Kesselaid. 
A lighthouse was first built Kesselaid in 1885. The current, fully automated lighthouse dates to 1994.
See also.
List of islands of Estonia

</doc>
<doc id="18305928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305928" title="Music of the Spheres (Doctor Who)">
Music of the Spheres (Doctor Who)

"Music of the Spheres" is a mini-episode of the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who" that premiered at the Royal Albert Hall in London before the Intermission of the "Doctor Who" Prom on 27 July 2008, for which it was especially made. The "Doctor Who" Prom, including the audio for "Music of the Spheres", was broadcast simultaneously on BBC Radio 3. "Music of the Spheres" was shown on the official BBC "Doctor Who" website during the interval and the concert itself was filmed for later broadcast on BBC One on 1 January 2009.
The episode has live and pre-recorded components: the pre-recorded component takes place in the TARDIS; the live component is the "Doctor Who" Prom which took place during the episode's first transmission. Consequently, a major component of the episode is that it breaks the fourth wall: the Doctor (David Tennant) "converses" with the audience and conducts the orchestra to perform his symphony "Ode to the Universe". He is antagonised by the Graske (Jimmy Vee), who intends to cause mischief at the Prom.
Synopsis.
The beginning of the episode depicts the Tenth Doctor composing "Ode to the Universe": a symphony based on the "music of the spheres"—an aural representation of the Universe's gravity patterns. During the composition, a Graske teleports into the TARDIS to warn the Doctor about the imminent opening of a portal linking the TARDIS to the "Doctor Who" Prom at the Royal Albert Hall. The Doctor conducts the orchestra in a performance before he realises the Graske has escaped into the Prom with his water pistol. He forces the Graske's return by "reversing the polarity of the neutron flow" and banishes him from the TARDIS and to the other side of the universe. At the end of the episode, he tells the viewer that the music of the spheres encompasses everyone.
Production.
Russell T Davies and Julie Gardner decided to create a "mini-episode" to be screened at the "Doctor Who" Prom in part because actor David Tennant was unable to participate in the live concert due to his commitments to the Royal Shakespeare Company's production of "Hamlet". Davies incorporated interactive elements into his script to ensure that the live performance was "an event":
Davies sought to continue the Doctor's long association with music in this special after he realised the Tenth Doctor had yet to show "any aptitude for music". In his introductory note, Davies cites as examples of the Doctor's previous associations with music: the First Doctor disguising himself as Ancient Rome's most famous lyre-player in Emperor Nero's court in "The Romans"; the Second Doctor playing his recorder; the Third Doctor singing Aggedor to sleep with a Venusian lullaby in "The Curse of Peladon"; the Fourth Doctor shattering glass by singing in the style of Dame Nellie Melba in "The Power of Kroll"; the Fifth Doctor playing a harp on Gallifrey in "The Five Doctors"; the Sixth Doctor singing opera; the Seventh Doctor playing the spoons; the Eighth Doctor admiring composer Giacomo Puccini; and the Ninth Doctor dancing with Rose Tyler to "In The Mood" by Glenn Miller in "The Doctor Dances". In writing the episode, Davies expressed hope that "this mini-adventure show that music can take any shape or form, whether it’s singing, or playing the recorder, or even the spoons." He states that "music can go anywhere, reach anyone, and make better people of us all. Just like the Doctor."
The mini-episode was filmed on Saturday 3 May 2008, the last day of filming for Series 4 of "Doctor Who", in the BBC Wales studios at Upper Boat, Pontypridd. Jimmy Vee, "a faithful friend of the show", was recalled to the part of the Graske he first portrayed in the interactive episode "Attack of the Graske".
Murray Gold composed music especially for this short episode. Gold's Series 4 arrangement of the "Doctor Who" theme tune is used for the title sequence, and Ron Grainer and Delia Derbyshire's original version of the "Doctor Who" theme tune is played over the end credits.
Broadcast and reception.
Screening and broadcast.
The episode premièred at the Royal Albert Hall before the interval of the "Doctor Who" Prom on Sunday 27 July 2008 and could be heard simultaneously on BBC Radio 3. It was also made available to watch during the interval on the official "Doctor Who" website and was shown on BBC One on 1 January 2009 as part of their showing of "Doctor Who" Prom. BBC Radio 3's recording of "Doctor Who" Prom including the audio of "Music of the Spheres" could be streamed via BBC iPlayer for a week after transmission.
Freema Agyeman, who played Martha Jones in "Doctor Who" and "Torchwood", introduced the episode, which was shown on a large screen above the stage and smaller screens around the edge of the Dress Circle in the Royal Albert Hall. As the Doctor addressed them, the Royal Albert Hall audience shouted back responses. Manuscript paper fell to the stage as the Doctor was seen to feed his sheet music to the orchestra. When the Graske sneaked through the portal, he appeared in the audience carrying the Doctor's water pistol and squirting members of the audience. A cellist had to defend himself from an attack by the Graske who promptly exited as, on screen, the Doctor pulled him back to the TARDIS. The Graske in the audience was Jimmy Vee in costume and prosthetics.
"Music of the Spheres" was immediately followed by a Cyberman introducing the interval over applause. On BBC Radio 3, presenter Sarah Walker back announced the episode and announced its availability to watch during the interval on the official "Doctor Who" website. "Let's Do The Time Warp Again", presented by science fiction writer Justina Robson and produced by Mark Berman, was then broadcast on BBC Radio 3 during the interval in which Robson expressed her views about "Doctor Who".
Reception.
The "Doctor Who" Prom, described as "fantastic" by Davies, was attended by 6,000 people who were addressed directly in the "panto-style scene", "Music of the Spheres". Davies commented that they had "a brilliant time" and that "Music of the Spheres" involved "a lot of interaction with the audience". He also stated that the audience in the Royal Albert Hall had a "unique, one-off "Doctor Who" experience", repaying them for their effort in getting there and queuing in the heat.
Writing in "The Times", Caitlin Moran said that the Doctor's homily to music and self-expression was "the most affecting moment" in the Prom, bringing "what could have been a wonderful, yet surreal and overwhelming introduction to orchestral music" down to "a rather lovely question. Did you like this orchestra, kids? What would you do with one?"

</doc>
<doc id="18305953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305953" title="List of songs recorded by Brandy Norwood">
List of songs recorded by Brandy Norwood

American recording artist Brandy Norwood has recorded material for her six studio albums and has collaborated with other artists for duets and featured songs on their respective albums and charity singles. After signing a record contract with Atlantic in 1993, Norwood began to work with producers Keith Crouch and R&B group Somethin' for the People, who co-wrote and co-produced most of the songs on her 1994 debut album, "Brandy". Musician Robin Thicke co-wrote the ballad "Love Is on My Side", while actor and singer Rahsaan Patterson co-wrote the album's second singles "Baby". Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins and his team co-wrote and co-produced 10 songs out of 16 on Norwood's second album "Never Say Never" (1998). The album's lead single "The Boy Is Mine" was written by Norwood, Jerkins, LaShawn Daniels, Fred Jerkins III, and Joana Tejeda, while second single "Have You Ever?" was co-penned by Award-winning songwriter Diane Warren.
Norwood reteamed with Jerkins to work on her third studio album "Full Moon" (2002), for which he again co-wrote and co-produced 10 songs for the standard version, including lead single "What About Us?". Different writers and producers, including Warryn Campbell, Uncle Freddie, Big Bert, and Mike City significantly contributed to the album, the latter of which wrote and produced the album's title track. Norwood's fourth album "Afrodisiac" (2004) marked a departure from her previous work with Jerkins, who gained no credit on the record due to a disagreement on Norwood's decision to work with Timbaland and his protégé, Walter Millsap III, on the majority of the production of the album. Timbaland composed eleven tracks for the album, including singles "Afrodisiac", "Who Is She 2 U", and buzz single Turn It Up", while rapper Kanye West and Harold Lilly co-wrote the album's lead single "Talk About Our Love". It contains a sample of Mandrill's 1978 song "Gilly Hines," penned by band members Claude Cave II, and Carlos, Louis and Ricardo Wilson, who were credited as a co-writer on the track.
Norwood's fifth studio album "Human", her first album on Epic Records, saw the singer returning to Jerkins, who co-wrote and produced eight songs on it, including both singles "Right Here (Departed)" and "Long Distance", the latter of which was co-written by fellow singer-songwriter Bruno Mars. Other contributors included Canadian musician Esthero, British singer Natasha Bedingfield, and American singer-songwriter Frank Ocean. "Two Eleven", Norwood's sixth studio album and first release on RCA Records, presented a new creative direction for the singer as she decided to include a diverse roster of collaborators. Sean Garrett, Chris Brown, Rico Love, and Bangladesh produced tracks for the album, as well as Mike WiLL Made It, and Mario Winans.
Unreleased songs.
Many of the singer's unreleased songs have been registered – the majority by her publishing company Bran Bran Music – with professional bodies such as the United States Copyright Office, the Songwriters Hall of Fame, Broadcast Music Incorporated (BMI), American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP), the Canadian Musical Reproduction Rights Agency (CMRRA) and EMI Music Publishing.
Many officially unreleased Brandy songs have been scheduled, at one point, for release on records by the singer, including her five studio albums with her former music label Atlantic and Epic Records: "Brandy" (1994), "Never Say Never" (1998), "Full Moon" (2002), "Afrodisiac" (2004), "Human" (2008), and "Two Eleven" (2012). For varying reasons, the tracks were ultimately rejected and, as of 2011, remain either completely unreleased or have been leaked onto the internet and mixtapes without gaining an official release. The singer's unreleased material includes songs recorded by Norwood as a solo artist and demo versions of tracks which were eventually re-recorded by other artists, some featuring established artists such as Esthero, Ne-Yo, Sean Paul and Timbaland.

</doc>
<doc id="18305967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305967" title="Battle of Amba Aradam">
Battle of Amba Aradam

The Battle of Amba Aradam (also known as the Battle of Enderta) was a battle fought on the northern front of what was known as the Second Italo-Abyssinian War. This battle consisted of attacks and counterattacks by Italian forces under Marshal of Italy Pietro Badoglio and Ethiopian forces under "Ras" Mulugeta Yeggazu. This battle was primarily fought in the area around Amba Aradam which included most of Enderta Province.
Background.
On 3 October 1935, General Emilio De Bono advanced into Ethiopia from Eritrea without a declaration of War. De Bono had a force of approximately 100,000 Italian soldiers and 25,000 Eritrean soldiers to advance towards Addis Ababa. In December, after a brief period of inactivity and minor setbacks for the Italians, De Bono was replaced by Badoglio.
Haile Selassie launched the Christmas Offensive late in the year to test Badoglio. By mid-January 1936, Badoglio was ready to renew the Italian advance on the Ethiopian capital. Badoglio ultimately overwhelmed the armies of ill-armed and uncoordinated Ethiopian warriors with mustard gas, tanks, and heavy artillery.
Preparation.
In early January 1936, the Ethiopian forces were in the hills everywhere overlooking the Italian positions and launching attacks against them on a regular basis. Italian dictator Benito Mussolini was impatient for an Italian offensive to get under way and for the Ethiopians to be swept from the field.
The Ethiopians facing the Italians were in three groupings. In the center, near Abbi Addi and along the Beles River in the Tembien, were "Ras" Kassa Haile Darge with approximately 40,000 men and "Ras" Seyoum Mangasha with about 30,000 men. On the Ethiopian right was "Ras" Mulugeta and his army of approximately 80,000 men in positions atop Amba Aradam. "Ras" Imru Haile Selassie with approximately 40,000 men was on the Ethiopian left in the area around Seleh Leha in Shire Province.
Badoglio had five army corps at his disposal. On his right, he had the Italian IV Corps and the Italian II Corps facing "Ras" Imru in the Shire. In the Italian center was the Eritrean Corps facing "Ras" Kassa and "Ras" Seyoum in the Tembien. Facing "Ras" Mulugeta atop Amba Aradam was the Italian I Corps and the Italian III Corps.
Initially, Badoglio saw the destruction of "Ras" Mulugeta's army as his first priority. Mulugeta's force would have to be dislodged from its strong positions on Amba Aradam in order for the Italians to continue the advance towards Addis Ababa. But "Ras" Kassa and "Ras" Seyoumm were exerting such pressure from the Tembien that Badoglio decided that he would have to deal with them first. If the Ethiopian center was successful, the I Corps and III Corps facing Mulugeta would be cut off from reinforcement and resupply.
From 20 to 24 January, the First Battle of Tembien was fought. The outcome of this battle was inconclusive, but the threat "Ras" Kassa posed to the I Corps and III Corps was neutralized.
On 9 February, Marshal Badoglio held a press conference at his headquarters and announced that the mighty obstacle that blocked the road to Addis Ababa was about to be liquidated. Badoglio was talking of course about "Ras" Mulugeta and his army dug in atop Amba Aradam. The mountain was of two parts. There was a jagged ridge known to the Italians as "The Herringbone" and, on the extreme right, a flat-topped peak called "The Priest's Hat." The land around the base of the mountain was known as the Enderta. An article in a then current issue of Time Magazine indicated that the correspondents on the Italian side were provided with a high-powered telescope to watch the progress of the battle.
While their forces were roughly equal, Badoglio held an overwhelming material advantage over Mulugeta. The Italians attacking Amba Aradam had more than 5,000 machine guns, 280 pieces of artillery, and 170 airplanes. By contrast, the Ethiopians had about 400 machine guns, 18 old field pieces of medium calibre, a small number of anti-aircraft guns, and no planes. Mulugeta's one advantage were the steep slopes of Amba Arada.
Battle.
At 8 a. m. on 10 February, Badoglio launched the Battle of Amba Aradam. Regulars and Blackshirts led the Italian advance. Native Askaris, on which De Bono had leaned so heavily, formed the reserve. The Italian I Corps and Italian III Corps advanced across the Calamino Plain. By night fall, both corps were established on the banks of the Gabat River.
Badoglio was an artilleryman first and last. As a result, he fought a gunner's battle. His headquarters was also the Italian artillery observation post and about every five minutes scout planes of the Regia Aeronautica went out to circle the front. The planes identified the locations of Ethiopian forces for the Italian gunners. But the Ethiopians fighting for "Ras" Mulugeta were regular drilled and uniformed troops. They had artillery too and knew how to use it.
The Italian scout planes also mapped out the area around Amba Aradam and discovered a weakness in "Ras" Mulugeta's defences. Air photographs showed that an attack from the Plain of Antalo to the south of Amba Aradam should be uncontested. As a result of this discovery, Badoglio planned to encircle Amba Aradam and attack Mulugeta from the rear after his forces linked up at Antalo.
On 11 February, the 4th "3rd January" Blackshirt Division and the Pusteria Alpine Division of the I Corps advanced from the Gabat moving towards and around the west side of Amba Aradam. At the same time, the III Corps moved towards and around the east side of Amba Aradam. Too late "Ras" Mulugeta realized the Italian plan to encircle his positions.
On the afternoon of 12 February, a large Ethiopian force streamed down the western slopes of Amba Aradam and attacked the 3 January Blackshirt Division. The blackshirts were held up, but the Pusteria Alpine Division continued its advance towards Antalo. The near continuous and persistent air and artillery bombardment of the Ethiopian positions had sapped the Ethiopians of much of their will to resist.
On the evening of 14 February, the Italian pincers were about to snap shut. As the encircling forces reached specified positions, they formed up, re-grouped, and positioned their artillery for the final assault.
By the morning of 15 February, under cover of darkness and dense cloud, the Italians completed the encirclement of Amba Aradam. When daylight came and the clouds lifted, the Ethiopians were reinvigorated by the sight of their predicament. They swarmed down the western slopes of Amba Aradam towards Addi Kolo. The Ethiopians attacked the Italians at the western base of Amba Aradam again and again. But the Italian artillery and air power negated the fury of the Ethiopian assault. By darkness, the battle was practically over.
"Ras" Mulugeta guessed that the Italians would take Amba Aradam by first attacking "The Priest's Hat". He guessed wrong. The Italians attacked and secured the lightly held Ethiopian positions on "The Herringbone" which made defense of the "Priest's Hat" untenable. For political reasons, the 1st "23rd March" Blackshirt Division was given the honor of hoisting the Italian flag atop Amba Aradam.
The Ethiopians had managed to create a break in the Italian line around Addi Kolo. Through this break the army of "Ras" Mulugeta made its escape as it fell back towards Amba Alagi and Sokota. Mulugeta planned to reassemble his forces around Amba Alagi.
Aftermath.
Badoglio unleashed the full power of the Italian Air Force on the fleeing army of "Ras" Mulugeta. For four consecutive days, the hapless fugitives had forty tons of mustard gas dropped on them. In addition to this, the local Azebu Galla were bribed by the Italians to attack the Ethiopian stragglers.
Tadessa Mulugeta, "Ras" Mulugeta's son, was the "Asmach" on Amba Aradam. He was killed in an action against a party of Galla and his body was mutilated by them. When "Ras" Mulugeta received news of this outrage, he turned back and was killed himself by a strafing plane. Attacked from both above and from the ground, what was left of the army of "Ras" Mulugeta dissolved.
Badoglio now turned his attention from the Ethiopian right back to the Ethiopian center and "Ras" Kassa and "Ras" Seyoum. It was time to finish what had been started at the First Battle of Tembien. The result was the Second Battle of Tembien.

</doc>
<doc id="18305976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305976" title="List of awards and nominations received by Spike Lee">
List of awards and nominations received by Spike Lee

This article presents the awards and nominations of American film director, producer, writer, and actor Spike Lee. 

</doc>
<doc id="18305977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305977" title="Have a Nice Day (Count Basie album)">
Have a Nice Day (Count Basie album)

Have a Nice Day is a 1971 studio album by Count Basie and his orchestra, with all music composed and arranged by Sammy Nestico.
This was Basie's debut recording for Daybreak.
Sammy Nestico, a graduate of Duquesne University who worked for the US Air Force Band, primarily the Airmen of Note, in Washington, DC for 12 years after World War II, had at this time been writing for Basie for four years.
Reissued on CD in West Germany by EmArcy Records (Catalog #824 867-2) and Marketed by Phonogram. (CD itself says "Made in W. Germany by Polygram")
Track listing.
All music composed by Sammy Nestico.

</doc>
<doc id="18305984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305984" title="2003 Football League First Division play-off Final">
2003 Football League First Division play-off Final

The 2003 Football League First Division playoff final was a football match played at Cardiff's Millennium Stadium on 26 May 2003 at the end of the 2002–03 season. The match determined the third and final team to gain promotion from the First Division to the Premier League, and was contested by Sheffield United and Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Wolves won the match 3–0, with three first-half goals, taking them back to the top flight for the first time in nineteen years.
Route to the final.
Sheffield United finished the season in third place in the First Division, twelve points behind the runaway top two Portsmouth and Leicester City. They had enjoyed a successful season, being positioned in the play-off zone almost throughout and reaching the semi-finals of both the FA Cup and League Cup.
Wolves had had an inconsistent first half to the campaign after the disappointment of their late slump in form during the previous season which had lost them promotion to local rivals West Bromwich Albion. A stronger run of form in the closing months however, earned them a second successive place in the play-offs with a fifth place finish, four points behind their opponents.
Both clubs had confirmed their play-off place with games to spare, before meeting in their penultimate league match - a 3–3 draw at Bramall Lane. In their first meeting of the season Sheffield United had won 3–1 at Molineux.
In the play-off semi-finals, Sheffield United drew at sixth-placed Nottingham Forest 1–1 in the first leg, before a thrilling 4–3 extra time victory at Bramall Lane took them to the final.
Wolves meanwhile faced Reading, winning the first leg 2–1 after coming from behind and edging a narrow 1–0 success in the away leg to progress 3–1 on aggregate. This marked their first play-off semi final success at this level in four attempts.
Match.
Summary.
Mark Kennedy opened the scoring in the sixth minute with a low drive into the corner of the net from 20 yards. Their lead was doubled sixteen minutes later when Nathan Blake headed in from close range at a corner. A three-goal lead was established moments shortly before the half time interval when Kenny Miller converted after a quick counterattack.
Sheffield United manager Neil Warnock was sent to the stands at half time after arguing with referee Steve Bennett. He saw his side offered a route back into the contest when they were awarded a penalty in the 48th minute after Wolves' defender Paul Butler was adjudged to have handled. However, Michael Brown's spotkick was pushed away by goalkeeper Matt Murray.

</doc>
<doc id="18305991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305991" title="Kathy Jackson">
Kathy Jackson

Kathy Jackson is the national secretary of the Health Services Union of Australia, since January 2008.
Career.
Jackson was an official of the Health Services Union's Number Three branch which represents highly skilled health professionals like radiographers, physiotherapists, radiation therapists, speech pathologists, occupational therapists and social workers from 1992, and was the State Secretary of that branch until its merger with HSUeast. After doubling the size of that branch of the union with thousands of new members, she was elevated to the most senior position within the union, as its national leader in 2008, its first ever female national secretary.
In addition, Jackson was a director of the Health Employees Superannuation Trust of Australia (HESTA) until her departure in 2011. Jackson is also a member of the Australian Council of Superannuation Investors and the AEW Advisory Board in the United States. AEW Capital Management manages real estate and other investments worth in excess of 50 billion.
Jackson is also a member of the Victorian Branch of the Australian Labor Party, within its moderate faction Labor Unity, aligned with Senator David Feeney.
She has taken high profile positions on a range of issues including corporate and union donations to political campaigns. She told "The Australian", "Without restrictions on donations and public funding... we'll end up like the United States with two parties owned by the corporations divided only on lifestyle issues like gay marriage."
Jackson has also been occasionally critical of the Brumby Victorian Labor government. During 2007 and 2008, the HSU was embroiled in an enterprise bargaining dispute with the government, where the Health Minister Daniel Andrews used legal mechanisms under federal law to restrict the union's industrial action. Jackson said at the time "It's also time that Mr Brumby wakes up and realises that Victorians did not endorse the use of WorkChoices for use against anyone, let alone their health workers. We will bargain lawfully, but we will not lie down."
Health Services Union expenses affair.
Succeeding Craig Thomson as general secretary of the HSU in January 2008, Jackson identified financial irregularities in the union's accounts and engaged external auditors to investigate. Reporting in May, the audit raised "concerns about evidence of misuse of union funds by Mr Thomson." In December, the union engaged tax specialists BDO Kendall to "conduct an investigation" over the alleged improper use of Thomson's union-issued corporate credit card. "The Sydney Morning Herald" revealed the allegations in April 2009; Thomson denied all wrongdoing and stated that an independent audit had not identified any inappropriate use of the card, noted that other people would have been able to incur charges on the account, and said the accusations had been fabricated by rivals within the HSU.
Investigations by Fair Work Australia, the Australian Federal Police, NSW Police, and Victorian Police led to Thomson being charged with 140 offences relating to theft and fraud, and trialled by judge in the Melbourne Magistrates Court. On 18 February 2014 he was found guilty of theft from the HSU and of defrauding the HSU. Thomson had misused his union credit card to pay for prostitutes, travel expenses and cigarettes, and for accommodation and dinners even after he'd left the union to run for Parliament. 
Allegations of improprieties in the HSU East branch (HSUeast) concerning Michael Williamson, a former national president of the HSU, a former general secretary of HSUeast, and a former union and Labor right-wing factional power broker, and Craig Thomson were publicly revealed by "The Sydney Morning Herald" on 9 September 2011. On 4 October 2012, Williamson was charged with more than 50 offences relating to fraud and obstruction of justice, and was suspended as director of United Edge. Appearing before the Sydney Magistrates Court on 15 October 2013, Williamson entered a guilty plea to four major charges related to cheating and defrauding HSUeast, creating false documents with the intention to deceive and the recruiting of others to hinder a police investigation. All other charges were dropped.
In June 2012, during proceedings that related to the appointment of an administrator to HSUeast, Federal Court Justice Geoffery Flick criticised attempts by Jackson, through her solicitors, to directly contact him while proceedings were under way. Jackson subsequently responded by sacking her legal representatives and asking the judge to disqualify himself from the proceedings. At the end of June 2012, Justice Flick ordered that former judge Michael Moore be appointed administrator of HSUeast, that all federal and state branch office holders lose their positions and the branch be demerged to become separate NSW and Victorian-based unions. Justice Flick found that Jackson should not keep her position in the HSUeast because "she is very much at the epicentre of the dispute".
Jackson retained her position as national secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="18305995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18305995" title="Artur Pagayev">
Artur Pagayev

Artur Sardionovich Pagayev () (born 28 December 1971 in Ordzhonikidze) is a retired association football player who played the bulk of his career for FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
International career.
Pagayev made his debut for Russia on 27 May 1998 in a friendly against Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18306001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306001" title="David Sewart">
David Sewart

David Sewart is a former Director of Student Services and Professor in Distance Education for the British Open University (OU), where he was employed from 1971 until retirement in 2004. He also worked part-time as a tutor and completed the OU's MBA programme as a student.

</doc>
<doc id="18306015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306015" title="Where It Is">
Where It Is

Where It Is is the debut album by British new wave band The Beloved, first released as a vinyl LP in October 1987 on the Flim Flam Productions label. For the initial LP release, a limited number of the albums included a free 7" EP included with purchase (containing three demo tracks: "Forever Laughing", "Falling on My Face" and "The Last Detail"). The album was then reissued on CD in 1988 as an expanded edition with a different track order, containing most of the original tracks plus rerecorded versions (for example, "If Only '88") and "A Kiss Goodbye" from the "Happy Now" EP (the latter was not included on the original LP)
At the time the material was recorded, the band was a quartet, and had a guitar-oriented sound; at times resembling New Order, Joy Division, Nick Cave, and "Pornography"-era Cure. The album was produced by New Order's engineer Michael Johnson, except for "Forever Dancing" and "If Only '87", which were produced by the band themselves. 
This album has sometimes been referred to as a compilation album, since it actually compiles all the singles and related B-sides previously released by the band between April 1986 and August 1987. The CD edition includes all of the group's early singles ("A Hundred Words", "This Means War" and the double A-side "Surprise Me"/"Forever Dancing") as well as the "Happy Now" EP, all of which made the Top 30 on the UK Indie Chart, but failed to reach the UK Top 75. Although "Where It Is" does not include any lyric sheet, and features spare, black and white cover art, each song is neatly accompanied by essential notes including recording and release dates. It didn't chart on the UK Albums Chart, but it reached Number 17 on the UK Indie Chart.
Singles from the album.
Chart placings are not from the UK Singles Chart, but from the UK Indie Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18306025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306025" title="Aqa Bozorg Tehrani">
Aqa Bozorg Tehrani

Grand Ayatollah Sheikh Mohammed Hassan Razi popularly known as Aqa Bozorg Tehrani () (b. 11 Rabi-I 1293 - d. 13 Zul-Hijjah 1389 AH /b. 7 April 1876 - d.20 February 1970), was born in Tehran. He was a Shia marja from Hawza Elmiye Najaf. He was the teacher of Grand Ayatollah Ali Hussaini Sistani, Grand Ayatollah Muhammad Hussain Najafi, and many others.
He wrote following famous books:

</doc>
<doc id="18306035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306035" title="Hardins, North Carolina">
Hardins, North Carolina

Hardins is an unincorporated community in Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. It is located approximately south of the town of High Shoals.

</doc>
<doc id="18306037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306037" title="Syed Muhammad Dehlavi">
Syed Muhammad Dehlavi

Ayatollah Allama Syed Muhammad Dehlavi was a Shia scholar, who was elected as the first president of Tehrik-e-Nifaz-e-Fiqh-e-Jafaria (later called Tehrik-e-Jafaria Pakistan). He had authored his fiqhi resalah named "Wasael-ush-Sharia" in Urdu, and the famous Urdu book "Tuhfa-tul-Awam" on Jafari fiqh was largely based on it.

</doc>
<doc id="18306038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306038" title="Higher Education European Masters">
Higher Education European Masters

The Higher Education European Masters is an Erasmus Mundus program which focuses on the functions, policies, and operations of higher education.
Professor Peter Maassen, a professor at the University of Oslo and also a research professor at NIFU-STEP, was instrumental in the conceptualisation of the programme. The program was among the first to acquire an Erasmus Mundus European Masters label of the European Union in 2004.
The students are able to study developments within higher education as taught by leading lights in the field. Moreover, they are also have an opportunity to experience three different university systems as they pursue their mobility scheme. Non-European students may be awarded scholarships as part of the Erasmus Mundus programme.
Consortium institutions.
HEEM is offered by a consortium of three universities;
Moreover, other universities and academic organisations are involved in the program, including Obirin University in Japan and the Center for Higher Education Policy Studies (CHEPS) in Netherlands.
Mobility scheme.
The programme consists of four semesters and is fully taught in English. The first semester at the University of Oslo provides the students with an introduction to the history,philosophy, theories, concepts and disciplinary perspectives for studying higher education. It also includes an introduction to social science research methods. In the second semester at University of Helsinki and third semester at University of Aveiro, students further pursue studies in research methods as well as in-depth focus on change in higher education from various perspectives such as management, administration, internationalisation and economics.This is provided in modules developed and taught by various faculty members in the involved institutions. In the third semester, students commence working on their thesis. The fourth semester is spent researching on and writing the Masters thesis at one of the consortium universities,depending on the student's area of research.
Admission requirements.
Admission is based on;
Tuition fees and funding.
There are three categories of applicants; self-financed, European students and third-country scholarship applicants. For application as a third-country scholarship student, one must meet the eligibility criteria for an Erasmus Mundus scholarship. European students have a chance to obtain a scholarship funded by the Hedda association. Moreover, European students have a chance to receive funding to spend one semester at a partner university outside of Europe, in HEEM's case, Obirin University in Japan. For the class of 2007–2009, 20 Erasmus Mundus scholarships and 5 Hedda scholarships for European students were available.
Degrees awarded.
The University of Oslo, on behalf of the consortium, awards a joint degree entitled European Masters in Higher Education and a diploma which enumerates the course content and the students achievements.
The University of Helsinki also awards a degree entitled Master of Administrative Science. The degree is issued in Finnish but an English language diploma is in Finnish.

</doc>
<doc id="18306058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306058" title="Mufti Jafar Hussain">
Mufti Jafar Hussain

Ayatollah Mufti Jafar Hussain () was a Pakistani Shia mujtahid and a political leader. He was elected as the President of Tehrik-e-Nifaz-e-Fiqh-e-Jafaria (later split into two groups One headed by Allama Arif Hussaini ( Now banned Tehrik-e-Jafaria Pakistan TJP) while the second group headed by Allama Hamid Ali Moosavi called ( Tehrik-e-Nifaz-e-Fiqh-e-Jafaria TNFJ continues to function under the old nomenclature of TNFJ ), after the demise of Syed Muhammad Dehlavi. He wrote a number of books, the most famous of which include translation of Nahj al-Balagha and Al-Sahifa al-Sajjadiyya.

</doc>
<doc id="18306062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306062" title="HMS Tigris">
HMS Tigris

Five ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Tigris", after the river Tigris, in modern-day Iraq. Another was planned but never completed:

</doc>
<doc id="18306064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306064" title="Magnuson">
Magnuson

Magnuson is a surname of Scandinavian origin. It refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18306071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306071" title="Lucia, North Carolina">
Lucia, North Carolina

Lucia is an unincorporated community in Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. It is located approximately east of the town of Stanley.

</doc>
<doc id="18306080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306080" title="Graham S. Newell">
Graham S. Newell

Graham Stiles Newell (1915–2008) was a Republican member of the Vermont State Senate, who represented Caledonia County in the Vermont Senate. He had also been elected to the Vermont House, and was an educator.
Early life.
Newell was born in St. Johnsbury, Vermont on November 27, 1915. After graduating St. Johnsbury Academy in 1933, he went on to study at Middlebury College and the University of Chicago where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1938. He received an master of arts degree in Latin in 1949 from Chicago, and did further postgraduate studies in medieval Latin.
Public life.
Newell was first elected to the Vermont House in 1952 where he served four non-consecutive terms. He was elected to the Vermont Senate for a total of eight consecutive terms In 1980, he retired from public life.
Governor Deane Davis appointed him to the Little Hoover Commission which reorganized the state government into agencies that largely still existed in 2008.
President John F. Kennedy appointed him to the National Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations.
He was a founding member of the Vermont American Civil Liberties Union. He opposed the busing of Vermont parochial school children during his legislative years.
Career.
He taught Latin and other humanities classes at St. Johnsbury Academy from 1938 to 1947. He taught at the Hatch Preparatory School, Dexter, Maine from 1947-8. He taught at St. Johnsbury Junior High School 1957-8.
In 1959 he was appointed chairman of the social science department at Lyndon State College, a position he held until he retired as professor emeritus in 1979. He continued to teach there part-time until 1996. In 2011, there was a Graham Newell Chair in History at the college.
He served on the New England Board of Higher Education from 1959 to 1965.
He resumed teaching Latin at St. Johnsbury Academy in 1982 until his death. He was preparing for his next classes until three days before he died.
Commemorative Measures.
Newell's life has been commemorated in the following ways:

</doc>
<doc id="18306095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306095" title="Donald Pike">
Donald Pike

Donald Wayne Pike (June 9, 1924 – June 9, 2008) was a lawyer who was appointed as a Los Angeles County Superior Court Commissioner, seated on the bench in 1973 until the mid-1990s. Pike is best known for graduating from law school and becoming a judge without ever having attended college.
Biography.
Born in Nebraska to Harold and Lillian Pike, Donald Pike's family migrated as farmhands, first to Oregon, then to Julian and Ramona, California mountain communities east of San Diego, where the family of nine children helped support the family by working in the corn fields. Pike dropped out of school and left home at age 14 to live in a boarding house while continuing to work as a farm laborer, then as a stock boy in a department store and, at one point, as a Western Union messenger boy. According to the "Los Angeles Daily Journal", he became a millionaire in his 60s from land investments.
During World War II, at age 18, he joined the United States Merchant Marine, enlisting as an Ordinary Seaman, sailing on the S.S. J. Maurice Thompson, S.S. Alexander Lillington and S.S. Robert Toombs during two stints overseas. He was first released from active duty, with the rank of Quartermaster Third Class, in 1942. He rejoined the Merchant Marine in 1943 and was officially discharged in 1944.
Education.
Pike earned his high school equivalency diploma at age 26. Later, he attended law school without first attending college. He passed a college equivalency test allowed at the time by the State Bar of California. He then enrolled at McGeorge School of Law in Sacramento at night while delivering Dad's Root Beer during the day. In July 1965, while attending law school, Pike formally withdrew his membership in good standing from the Teamsters union, which he needed to work as a truck driver delivering root beer. After transferring to the San Fernando Valley College of Law, he was awarded a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1967.
Career.
Pike passed the California State Bar examination his first try and was admitted as a lawyer in June 1967. He was appointed as a commissioner in Los Angeles Superior Court, Family Law Division, from 1973 until the mid-1990s. The "Daily Journal" profiled Pike in a January 5, 1982 article while he sat on the bench. In the mid-1970s, he taught children's rights at University of La Verne College of Law and psychology and the law at Claremont Graduate University.
The "Daily Journal", in its obituary about Pike, described his impoverished beginnings in a Nebraska family of nine children as a ""Grapes of Wrath"-esque exodus to California and his early job as a child working as a farm laborer. The paper titled the article "Jurist Fought for Gay Rights Before it was Popular." While a lawyer in private practice, Pike drafted contracts for gay men and women "that emulated the rights of married couples," the paper wrote. The "Daily Journal" also described Pike's work for gay rights as groundbreaking and "three decades before it was fashionable."
Personal life.
Pike was an avid sailor and boating enthusiast throughout his life. He lived in Granada Hills, California. He had two daughters, Sharon Lawrence and Victoria Pynchon, with his first wife, Lois Borden. His youngest daughter Victoria, also an attorney in Los Angeles, practices private dispute resolution.

</doc>
<doc id="18306107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306107" title="Kaohsiung Station">
Kaohsiung Station

Kaohsiung Station () is a railway station located in Sanmin District of Kaohsiung, Taiwan, Republic of China, which serves the Taiwan Railway Administration Western Line, Pingtung Line and the Kaohsiung MRT Red Line. There is a plan to extend Taiwan High Speed Rail from Zuoying to this station.
Overview.
TRA Station.
The temporary TRA station is a three-level aboveground station connected by elevated walkways between train platforms. It is divided into front and back stations. At ground level, there are four island platforms and twelve tracks (previously thirteen tracks). Eight of the tracks are aligned with platforms. 
｜□｜｜｜｜□｜｜□｜｜｜□｜｜<br><br>Numbering starts on the left (south side).
Kaohsiung MRT Station.
The Kaohsiung MRT station is a two-level, underground station with one exit. It is located at Jianguo 2nd Road.
The entire station is currently undergoing construction as part of a project to move all rail lines through Kaohsiung underground. Though the station is functional, many areas are not operating at full capacity. Kaohsiung Main Station's platform only allows for three-car configurations while all other stations on the Red Line have platforms that can accommodate six-car configurations. Construction is expected to be completed after 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18306108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306108" title="Rob Eiter">
Rob Eiter

Rob Eiter (born September 12, 1967 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American Olympic wrestler. He competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, where he wrestled in the 48 kilogram (105 pound) weight class. He wrestled for Sunkist Wrestling Club and attended Arizona State University, where he wrestled under Bobby Douglass. He became head wrestling coach of the University of Pennsylvania in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18306121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306121" title="James Murray (hurler)">
James Murray (hurler)

James Murray (born 1978) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Tallow and with the Waterford senior inter-county team.
Career.
Club.
Murray has played with his local club, Tallow from a young age. His greatest achievement with the club was in winning the Waterford Minor Hurling Championship in 1997. As well as playing with Tallow, Murray has represented St. Colmans of Fermoy, winning the Dr. Harty Cup and at collegic level, with UCC in the Fitzgibbon Cup winning two titles, and has also won a North American Championship with the Harry Bolands Chicago in 1999.
Inter-county.
He has represented Waterford at all under-age grades. Murray made his senior inter-county debut for Waterford on 28 May 2000 playing against Tipperary at Páirc Uí Chaoimh, Cork. Murray has had a successful time at inter-county winning 3 Munster Senior Hurling Championships and one National Hurling League in 2007. He also featured on the panel which lost the 2008 All-Ireland Hurling Final to Kilkenny. As well as playing with Waterford, Murray has also represented Munster, winning a Railway cup medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18306128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306128" title="Katherine Smith">
Katherine Smith

Katherine or Catherine Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18306140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306140" title="2003–04 Copa del Rey">
2003–04 Copa del Rey

The Copa del Rey 2003–04 is the 100th staging of the Copa del Rey. 
The competition started on August 24, 2003 and concluded on March 17, 2004 with the Final, held at the Estadi Olímpic Lluís Companys in Barcelona, in which Real Zaragoza lifted the trophy with a 2–3 victory over Real Madrid. The final match was played six days after the 2004 Madrid train bombings and three days after the 2004 Spanish general elections.
First round.
First leg:
Second leg:
Round of 16.
First leg:
Second leg:
Quarter-finals.
First leg.
"All times CEST."
Semifinals.
First leg.
"All times CEST."

</doc>
<doc id="18306144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306144" title="Rayburn Doucett">
Rayburn Doucett

Rayburn Donald Doucett (born January 2, 1943) is a former merchant and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. He represented Restigouche County and then Restigouche East in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1970 to 1995 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Campbellton, New Brunswick, the son of Raymond Daniel Doucett and Catherine Ila Lutes. In 1964, he married Jane Mary Crosby. He served as a school board trustee and municipal councillor for Jacquet River. Doucett was chairman for the New Brunswicck Electric Power Commission from 1987 to 1990 and later as Minister of Commerce and Technology and then Minister to the New Brunswick Regional Development Corporation. He went on to serve on the board of directors for Export Development Canada 

</doc>
<doc id="18306146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306146" title="Springdale, North Carolina">
Springdale, North Carolina

Springdale is an unincorporated community in Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. It is bordered on the west and south by the City of Gastonia, on the east by the town of Ranlo, and on the north by the unincorporated community of Monterey Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18306152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306152" title="Clemens Walch">
Clemens Walch

Clemens Walch (born 10 July 1987) is an Austrian football player who plays for SV Ried.
Club career.
He signed a professional contract with VfB Stuttgart until 2011.
On 12 August 2010 Walch moved to 1. FC Kaiserslautern. After a year and a half with Kaiserslautern, he was loaned to Dynamo Dresden., before leaving the club permanently six months later, to return to his homeland with SV Ried.

</doc>
<doc id="18306158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306158" title="Heidi Urbahn de Jauregui">
Heidi Urbahn de Jauregui

Heidi Urbahn de Jauregui (born 1940 in Remscheid) is an emeritus Professor of German Literature at the Jean Monnet University, France, and essayist.
Life.
Heidi Urbahn de Jauregui comes from an entrepreneurial family in Remscheid. After the basic studies (Philosophy, History, German) in Cologne, she moved to West Berlin. A medical condition ended her studies. Following her recuperation, she could "fulfill her desire to leave Adenauer Germany, something she had wished to do for some time."
She continued her studies in French Literature and German studies in Paris and obtained her Licence (French academic grade) at the Faculté de Lettres of the University of Montpellier.
It was not possible for her to take the necessary Agrégation ( a required competitive exam in France) for a University teaching commission because the French authorities refused to naturalize her in spite of her fulfillment of the formal admission criteria. The reason was that her research involved close contact with authors in East Germany. She went to the University of Lyon in order to finish a dissertation on the poet Peter Hacks and to attain a doctorate. She then received the naturalization and took the Agrégation.
After the tenure, an academic position would continually be refused to her. In particular, no one accepted her argument that Peter Hacks was no East German dissident but a Utopian socialist with whom the East Germans did not entirely agree and support. Finally, she received a position as Maître de conférences at the Jean Monnet University.
Today she lives in Montpellier together with her husband the Spanish Biochemist Juan Jáuregui-Adell, who researches in Montpillier at the CNRS.
Work.
Heidi Urbahn de Jauregui works mainly on essays. She has the reputation of a well known expert of Germans and in particular Literature of East Germany. In her publications, she has never followed academic rules. Her main interests are in the classics of German literature, in particular Goethe, Thomas Mann, Heinrich Heine and Bertolt Brecht.
She received the Heinrich Mann Prize of the Academy of Art in East Berlin in 1986.
Friendship with Peter Hacks.
De Jauregui saw in the East German dramatist Peter Hacks the legitimate foundations of the German classics and the descendant of Goethe, Hegel and Heine. She devoted her dissertation and many essays to his creative activity. From 1975 on, she personally visited him regularly and maintained a continual correspondence until Hack's death in 2003.
Works on Heinrich Heine.
A significant part of Heidi Urbahn de Jauregui's essays deal with Heinrich Heine's works. She presented the first comprehensive biography of Elise Krinitz, who was the Heine's last mistress, at the end of 2007 called "die Mouche."
Publications.
Heidi Urbahn de Jauregui: Zwischen den Stühlen : der Dichter Peter Hacks. (Between the Chair: the Poet Peter Hacks) Eulenspiegel-Verlag, Berlin 2006, Search/3359016572
Heidi Urbahn de Jauregui: Charlotte und Goethe - a Monolog(German: Charlotte and Goethe - a Monologue) In: neue deutsche literatur (New German Literature) 3/1998, Nr. 46, pp 144-153 (Essay of Heidi Urbahn de Jauregui to a piece by Peter Hacks)

</doc>
<doc id="18306167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306167" title="NK Zvijezda Gradačac">
NK Zvijezda Gradačac

NK Zvijezda Gradačac, or commonly referred to as just Zvijezda is a football club from Bosnia and Herzegovina, based in the town of Gradačac. Zvijezda host their home matches at the Banja Ilidža stadium, which has a capacity of 5,000 seats. They currently play in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the country's top level, having been promoted after winning the 2007–08 FBiH Division 1.
History.
The club was founded in 1922 as "NK Vardar". After World War II the club was renamed "Zvijezda". Until 1992 and the breakup of Yugoslavia, Zvijezda competed in various lower-tier zonal and regional leagues of the Yugoslav league system.

</doc>
<doc id="18306172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306172" title="Nikolai Pisarev">
Nikolai Pisarev

Nikolai Nikolayevich Pisarev () (born 11 November 1968 in Moscow) is a retired association football player. Currently he coaches the Russia national under-21 football team. In 2005–2010 he coached Russia national beach soccer team.
International career.
Pisarev played his first game for Russia on 8 March 1995 in a friendly against Slovakia. He scored a goal in the UEFA Euro 1996 qualifier against Faroe Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="18306174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306174" title="Kathy Smith">
Kathy Smith

Kathy, Kathie, Cathy or Cathie Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18306179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306179" title="Rose Island (Lake Starnberg)">
Rose Island (Lake Starnberg)

Rose Island in Lake Starnberg is the only island in the lake and site of a royal villa of King Ludwig II of Bavaria. He was particularly attached to this place and made frequent renovations and remodelings of the small garden and the villa, which is called "casino". Guests on the island were the composer Richard Wagner, his close friend Prince Paul of Thurn and Taxis, Empress Elisabeth of Austria and Czarina Maria Alexandrovna of Russia. The villa is today a small museum, open to the general public.

</doc>
<doc id="18306183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306183" title="The Scoop">
The Scoop

The Scoop is an outdoor amphitheatre situated on the south side of the River Thames near Tower Bridge in London, located underneath City Hall, providing seating for approximately 800 people. Designed by Townshend Landscape Architects, it is a venue used during the summer to show films, musical performances and theatre productions by such companies as The Steam Industry and The Pantaloons. In June 2008, films shown at The Scoop included "The Dam Busters", "Atonement" and "Withnail and I". As of 2010, The Scoop has been used as a performance venue for eight years.
References.
the large stainless steel tube,was fabricated by A.Fisher of the stainless steel works.

</doc>
<doc id="18306196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306196" title="Kenneth Colby">
Kenneth Colby

Kenneth Mark Colby, M.D. (1920 to April 20, 2001) was an American psychiatrist dedicated to the theory and application of computer science and artificial intelligence to psychiatry. Colby was a pioneer in the development of computer technology as a tool to try to understand cognitive functions and to assist both patients and doctors in the treatment process. He is perhaps best known for the development of a computer program called PARRY, which mimicked a paranoid schizophrenic and could "converse" with others. PARRY sparked serious debate about the possibility and nature of machine intelligence.
Early life and education.
Colby was born in Waterbury, Connecticut in 1920. He graduated from Yale University in 1941 and from Yale Medical School in 1943.
Career.
Colby began his career in psychoanalysis as a clinical associate at the San Francisco Institute of Psychoanalysis in 1951. During this time, he published "A Primer for Psychotherapists," an introduction to psychodynamic psychotherapy. He joined the Department of Computer Science at Stanford University in the early sixties, beginning his pioneering work in the relatively new field of artificial intelligence. In 1967 the National Institute of Mental Health recognized his research potential when he was awarded a Career Research Scientist Award. Colby came to UCLA as a professor of psychiatry in 1974, and was jointly appointed professor in the Department of Computer Science a few years later. Over the course of his career, he wrote numerous books and articles on psychiatry, psychology, psychotherapy and artificial intelligence.
Psychoanalysis.
Early in his career, in 1955, Colby published "Energy and Structure in Psychoanalysis," an effort to bring Freud's basic doctrines into line with modern concepts of physics and philosophy of science. This, however, would be one of the last attempts by Colby to reconcile psychoanalysis with what he saw as important developments in science and philosophical thought. Central to Freud's method is his employment of a hermeneutics of suspicion, a method of inquiry that refuses to take the subject at his or her word about internal processes. Freud sets forth explanations for a patient's mental state without regard for whether the patient agrees or not. If the patient does not agree, s/he has repressed the truth, that truth that the psychoanalyst alone can be entrusted with unfolding. The psychoanalyst's authority for deciding the nature or validity of a patient's state and the lack of empirical verifiability for making this decision was not acceptable to Colby.
Colby's disenchantment with psychoanalysis would be further expressed in several publications, including his 1958 book, "A Skeptical Psychoanalyst". He began to vigorously criticize psychoanalysis for failing to satisfy the most fundamental requirement of a science, that being the generation of reliable data. In his 1983 book, "Fundamental Crisis in Psychiatry", he wrote, “Reports of clinical findings are mixtures of facts, fabulations, and fictives so intermingled that one cannot tell where one begins and the other leaves off. …we never know how the reports are connected to the events that actually happened in the treatment sessions, and so they fail to qualify as acceptable scientific data.”.
Likewise, in "Cognitive Science and Psychoanalysis", he stated, "In arguing that psychoanalysis is not a science, we shall show that few scholars studying this question get to the bottom of the issue. Instead, they start by accepting, as do psychoanalytic theorists, that the reports of what happens in psychoanalytic treatment -- the primary source of the data -- are factual, and then they lay out their interpretations of the significance of facts for theory. We, on the other hand, question the status of the facts." These issues would shape his approach to psychiatry and guide his research efforts.
Computer Science.
In the 1960s Colby began thinking about the ways in which computer theory and application could contribute to the understanding of brain function and mental illness. One early project involved an Intelligent Speech Prosthesis which allowed individuals suffering from aphasia to “speak” by helping them search for and articulate words using whatever phonemic or semantic clues they were able to generate.
Later, Colby would be one of the first to explore the possibilities of computer-assisted psychotherapy. In 1989, with his son Peter Colby, he formed the company Malibu Artificial Intelligence Works to develop and market a natural language version of cognitive behavioral therapy for depression, called "Overcoming Depression." "Overcoming Depression" would go on to be used as a therapeutic learning program by the U.S. Navy and Department of Veteran Affairs and would be distributed to individuals who used it without supervision from a psychiatrist. Needless to say, this practice was challenged by the media. To one journalist Colby replied that the program could be better than human therapists because "After all, the computer doesn't burn out, look down on you or try to have sex with you." 
Artificial Intelligence.
In the 1960s at Stanford University, Colby embarked on the creation of software programs known as "chatterbots," which simulate conversations with people. One well known chatterbot at the time was ELIZA, a computer program developed by Joseph Weizenbaum in 1966 to parody a psychologist. ELIZA, by Weizenbaum's own admission, was developed more as a language-parsing tool than as an exercise in human intelligence. Named after the Eliza Doolittle character in "Pygmalion" it was the first conversational computer program, designed to imitate a psychotherapist asking questions instead of giving advice. It appeared to give conversational answers, although it could be led to lapse into obtuse nonsense.
In 1972, at the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Colby built upon the idea of ELIZA to create a natural language program called PARRY that simulated the thinking of a paranoid individual. This thinking entails the consistent misinterpretation of others' motives – others must be up to no good, they must have concealed motives that are dangerous, or their inquiries into certain areas must be deflected - which PARRY achieved via a complex system of assumptions, attributions, and “emotional responses” triggered by shifting weights assigned to verbal inputs.
PARRY: A Computer Model of Paranoia.
Colby's aim in writing PARRY had been practical as well as theoretical. He thought of PARRY as a virtual reality teaching system for students before they were let loose on real patients. However, PARRY's design was driven by Colby's own theories about paranoia. Colby saw paranoia as a degenerate mode of processing symbols where the patient's remarks "are produced by an underlying organized structure of rules and not by a variety of random and unconnected mechanical failures." This underlying structure was an algorithm, not unlike a set of computer processes or procedures, which is accessible and can be reprogrammed, in other words "cured."
Shortly after it was introduced, PARRY would go on to create intense discussion and controversy over the possibility or nature of machine intelligence. PARRY was the first program to pass the “Turing Test," named for the British mathematician Alan Turing, who in 1950 suggested that if a computer could successfully impersonate a human by carrying on a typed conversation with a person, it could be called intelligent. PARRY succeeded in passing this test when human interrogators, interacting with the program via remote keyboard, were unable with more than random accuracy to distinguish PARRY from an actual paranoid individual.
As philosopher Daniel Dennett stated in "Alan Turing: Life and Legacy of a Great Thinker", 
Much of the criticism of ELIZA as a model for artificial intelligence focused on the program's lack of an internal world model that influenced and tracked the conversation. PARRY simulates paranoid behavior by tracking its own internal emotional state on a few different dimensions. To illustrate this, Colby created another program called RANDOM-PARRY which chose responses at random. Responses from RANDOM-PARRY did not model the human patients' responses as well as standard PARRY. Some have argued that PARRY fooled its judges because paranoid behavior makes inappropriate responses or non sequiturs appropriate. But there is still a certain logic to them that PARRY simulates effectively. It is simpler to simulate paranoid behavior, perhaps, but it is not trivial.
The two computer programs, ELIZA and the paranoid PARRY, eventually met for series of "talks," executing different programs. One exchange such went like this:
Colby would claim that PARRY mimics the natural process by which a person (in this case a paranoid schizophrenic) engages in conversation. The structure of the program that makes the linguistic decisions in PARRY is isomorphic to the 'deep structure' of the mind of the paranoiac. As Colby stated: "Since we do not know the structure of the 'real' simulative processes used by the mind-brain, our posited structure stands as an imagined theoretical analogue, a possible and plausible organization of processes analogous to the unknown processes and serving as an attempt to explain their workings".
Yet, some critics of PARRY expressed the concern that this computer program does not in actuality "understand" the way a person understands and continued to assert that the idiosyncratic, partial and idiolectic responses from PARRY cover up its limitations. Colby attempted to answer these and other criticisms in a 1974 publication entitled, "Ten Criticisms of PARRY." 
Colby also raised his own ethical concerns over the application of his work to real life situations. In 1984, he wrote, 
Still, PARRY has withstood the test of time and for many years has continued to be acknowledged by researchers in computer science for its apparent achievements. In a 1999 review of human-computer conversation, Yorick Wilks and Roberta Catizone from the University of Sheffield comment: 
Other Areas of Study.
During his career, Colby ventured into other, more esoteric areas of research including classifying dreams in "primitive tribes." His findings suggested that men and women of primitive tribes differ in their dream life, these differences possibly contributing an empirical basis to our theoretical constructs of masculinity and femininity.
Colby was also a chess player, and published a respected chess book called "Secrets of a Grandpatzer." The book focuses on improving one's Elo rating from an average level ("patzer") to a very strong level ("grandpatzer", in the range 1700 to 2200).

</doc>
<doc id="18306234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306234" title="Tryon, Gaston County, North Carolina">
Tryon, Gaston County, North Carolina

Tryon is an unincorporated community in Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. It is in Cherryville Township, located approximately southeast of the city of Cherryville on North Carolina Highway 274. The rural Gaston County election precinct centered on Tryon had a voting-age population of 1524 in the 2000 Census.
The Tryon community is near the former location of the courthouse of the colonial-era Tryon County. The courthouse was the site of the signing of the Revolutionary-era Tryon Resolves, a declaration of resistance to actions of the British Empire against its American Colonies drawn up after the Battle of Lexington.
Tryon Elementary School, grades K-5, is located in the Tryon community. Its attendance district covers most of eastern unincorporated Cherryville Township. Most of these students feed into John Chavis Middle School and Cherryville High School in Cherryville, while those living in areas southeast of the community attend Bessemer City Middle and High Schools.
Industry in the area includes the Bessemer City Quarry of Martin Marietta Aggregates, a supplier of crushed aggregates for the construction industry, located just east of the community. Fire protection is provided by the Tryonota Volunteer Fire Department.

</doc>
<doc id="18306236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306236" title="List of the highest roads in Scotland">
List of the highest roads in Scotland

This is a list of the highest paved public roads in Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="18306240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306240" title="Ian Maynard">
Ian Maynard

Ian Maynard is the bass guitarist of the band, Fastlane. He is also the vocalist, guitarist, bassist and drummer of the band Compliance.

</doc>
<doc id="18306250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306250" title="Gauliga Danzig">
Gauliga Danzig

Gauliga Danzig can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18306267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306267" title="Frank Wiziarde">
Frank Wiziarde

Frank Oliver Wiziarde (died 1987) was an American actor and television personality who was known primarily for his performances as Whizzo the Clown.
Career.
He began his television career in 1953 in Kansas City, Missouri, and performed regularly in children's programming until his death in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18306269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306269" title="Patsy Rodgers">
Patsy Rodgers

Patsy Rodgers was the first ever Stampede Queen of the Calgary Stampede. She became Stampede Queen in 1946 and returned as parade marshal, at age 82, in the 2008 Calgary Stampede parade.

</doc>
<doc id="18306277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306277" title="Koivusuo Strict Nature Reserve">
Koivusuo Strict Nature Reserve

Koivusuo Strict Nature Reserve ("Koivusuon luonnonpuisto") is a strict nature reserve located in the North Karelia region of Finland. 
This reserve has been a regular place for visits by wolverines, bears, lynxes and wolves for most of the history. 
Some of the Koitajoki trails ("Tapion taival") go by the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18306279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306279" title="Bandō Kakitsu I">
Bandō Kakitsu I

Early life.
Bandō Kakitsu I was born in 1847, the son of kabuki actor Ichimura Takenojō V. On November 1848, Kakitsu appeared on stage for the first time under the stage name Ichimura Takematsu III. His father suddenly grew ill and died on August 20, 1851.
Career.
In August 1868, Kakitsu took the name Ichimura Uzaemon XIV in a traditional actor naming ceremony called a "shūmei". He became the "zamoto" (manager, troupe head) of the Ichimura-za.
In November 1868, he produced the play "Kanadehon Chūshingura", and played the roles of En'ya Hangan, Ōboshi Rikiya and Ashikaga Tadayoshi.
September 1871 brought debt to the Ichimura-za too great for Kakitsu to handle, forcing him to leave the theater to Fukuchi Mohei, who changed the name to Murayama-za.
Kakitsu returned in November 1871 to perform in the classic "Yoshitsune Senbon Zakura".
Kakitsu appeared on stage for the last time in March 1893 in the drama "Yamabiraki Meguro Shinfuji". He died soon afterward.

</doc>
<doc id="18306281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306281" title="Tim Cindric">
Tim Cindric

Tim Cindric (born 1968) is the President of Penske Racing. A native of Indianapolis, he is an alumnus of Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology, where he was a four year basketball letterman in 1990. He was promoted to the position of president at Penske Racing in January 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18306289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306289" title="Liberia national basketball team">
Liberia national basketball team

The Liberia national basketball team is the national basketball team representing Liberia. It is administrated by the Liberia Basketball Federation. Its last qualification to the FIBA Africa Championship dates back to 2007. Its most noteworthy international performance was in 1983 when Liberia finished among Africa's 10 elite basketball teams.
Current Squad.
<br>
Depth Chart.
<br>
Competitions.
Performance at Summer Olympics.
"yet to qualify"<br><br>
Performance at World Championships.
"yet to qualify"<br><br>
Performance at FIBA Africa Championship.
<br>
Past Rosters.
1983 FIBA Africa Championship: finished 9th among 10 teams
2007 FIBA Africa Championship: finished 16th among 16 teams
John Bing, Jethro Bing, Varney Tulay, Marcus Wolo, Fitgerald Cole, Alphonso Kuiah, Raphael Quaye, Alvin Tapeh, Mark Smith, Joseph Lackey, Richelieu Allison, Samuel Assembe (Coach: Allan Jallah)

</doc>
<doc id="18306300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306300" title="Sergei Podpaly">
Sergei Podpaly

Sergei Ivanovich Podpaly () (born 13 September 1963 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a retired association football player and now coach.
International career.
Podpaly made his debut for Russia on 16 August 1992 in a friendly against Mexico. That was the first game Russia played under its name after the breakup of the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18306301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306301" title="Salamanperä Strict Nature Reserve">
Salamanperä Strict Nature Reserve

Salamanperä Strict Nature Reserve ("Salamanperän luonnonpuisto") is a strict nature reserve located in the Central Finland region of Finland. It is connected to Salamajärvi National Park, and has a trail. Wolverine and Finnish Forest Reindeer ("R. tarandus fennicus") have been reintroduced here, wolves may be heard. 

</doc>
<doc id="18306322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306322" title="Trans-acting siRNA">
Trans-acting siRNA

"Trans"-acting siRNA (abbreviated "TAS", "ta-siRNA" or sometimes "tasiRNA") is a form of small interfering RNA (siRNA) that represses gene expression through post-transcriptional gene silencing in land plants. Ta-siRNAs are transcribed from the genome to form a polyadenylated, double-stranded segment of RNA that gets processed further, resulting in a segment of RNA that is 21-nucleotides long. These segments are incorporated into the RNA-induced Silencing Complex (RISC) and direct the cleavage of target mRNA. ta-siRNAs are termed siRNA because they undergo similar processing and both arise from double-stranded RNA (dsRNA). However, ta-siRNAs differ from other siRNAs in that they bind with less sequence specificity to their targets. They function more like microRNAs because they do not require full sequence complementarity in order to direct cleavage of the target RNA.
Discovery.
The presence of ta-siRNAs was originally detected in 2004 by two different lab groups researching the flowering plant arabidopsis. Both papers were published in October within days of each other. One lab group (Peragine et al.) was investigating the Argonaute protein ZIPPY (ZIP), and the other (Vazquez et al.) was trying to identify a specific small interfering RNA (siRNA) pathway. Despite starting at different points, both research groups found their projects involving the plant specific protein, suppressor of gene silencing 3 (SGS3), and the enzyme RNA-dependant RNA polymerase 6 (RDR6). Both groups found that SGS3 and RDR6 are important in the generation of a specific group of small RNAs (sRNAs) termed ta-siRNAs.
Because of key differences that set them apart from other sRNAs, Ta-siRNAs were a new discovery despite sharing similarities with both siRNAs and microRNAs (miRNAs). Unlike miRNAs, it was found that ta-siRNAs are derived from long double-stranded RNA (dsRNA), and their generation is RDR6 dependant. Ta-siRNAs differ from siRNAs because they direct cleavage of transcripts which are not identical. In this way ta-siRNAs are more functionally similar to miRNAs, but are produced in the same manner as siRNAs.
Biosynthesis.
Ta-siRNAs are generated from non coding transcripts through Argonaute mediated miRNA guided cleavage followed by conversion to double stranded RNA by the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase RDR6 and suppressor of gene silencing 3 (SGS3). The resulting dsRNA is further processed by dicer-like enzyme 4 (DCL4) to produce a phased array of 21-nt siRNAs. starting at the miRNA cleavage site.
There are four families of ta-siRNAs. The families get their names from the location in TAS gene from where they are transcribed. TAS1, TAS2, and TAS4 families require one mRNA binding site for cleavage to occur while TAS3 requires two binding sites.
TAS1 and TAS2.
TAS1/2 transcripts undergo an initial AGO1 mediated cleavage at the 5’ end that is guided by miR173. RDR6 then converts the transcript into a double strand RNA fragment which then gets processed by DCL4 to generate the 21-nt siRNA with 2 nucleotide 3’ overhangs that target complementary mRNAs in trans.
TAS4.
The initial steps for the TAS4 family of ta-siRNA is similar to that of TAS1 and TAS2. The TAS4 family of transcripts first undergo miR828 guided, AGO1 mediated cleavage, followed by dsRNA synthesis and processing by DCL4.
TAS3.
In contrast to the single mRNA binding family, TAS3 requires the guide mRNA miR390 bind the transcript at two sites. The transcript is then cleaved at the 3’ binding site only, by AGO7. As is the case for the TAS1, TAS2, and TAS3 families, RDR6 then synthesizes the dsRNA fragment which is further processed by DCL4.
Mechanism.
Endogenous ta-siRNAs act via hetero-silencing, which means that the genes they target for cleavage and repression do not have much resemblance to the genes from which the siRNAs derive. This differs from other endogenous siRNAs which are cis-acting and perform auto-silencing, repressing the expression of genes that are the same as or have a lot of resemblance to the genes from which they derive. It was previously thought that only miRNAs exhibited hetero-silencing. Like other siRNAs, the ta-siRNAs are incorporated into RNA-induced silencing complexes (RISCs), where they guide the complex to cleave the target mRNAs in the middle of a single complementary site and repress translation.
A member of the Argonaute protein family is a component of all RNA silencing effector complexes, including the RISCs that catalyze mRNA cleavage. Specifically in arabidopsis, it appears to be AGO7/ZIPPY that plays a role in the ta-siRNA pathway by acting during "TAS3"-derived ta-siRNA-mediated regulation. AGO7/ZIPPY associates with TAS3 ta-siRNAs and cleaves their targets. AGO7/ZIPPY does not seem to play a role in the mechanisms for TAS1 or TAS2 ta-siRNAs, suggesting that the different families have slight changes in their mechanisms in arabidopsis. In addition to AGO7 involvement, ta-siRNAs can be loaded into AGO1 complexes in Arabidopsis to guide target mRNA cleavage.
Presence in Plants.
In addition to being present in arabidopsis, evidence of ta-siRNAs has also been found in the moss "Physcomitrella patens", maize, and a strain of Oryza sativa rice. The trans-acting short-interfering RNA-auxin response factor (tasiR-ARF) is an example of a ta-siRNA that has been shown to be present not only in arabidopsis, but in all of the previous examples. TasiR-ARF is responsible for regulating the signaling molecule Auxin. It does this by targeting the mRNA that encodes several of the Auxin Response Factor (ARF) genes for degradation.

</doc>
<doc id="18306329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306329" title="Sompio Strict Nature Reserve">
Sompio Strict Nature Reserve

Sompio Strict Nature Reserve () is a strict nature reserve located in Lapland, Finland. This reserve is f.e. used to study effects of tourism in the adjoining Urho Kekkonen National Park. There is no public access, it is reserved to reindeer herders and scientists.

</doc>
<doc id="18306330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306330" title="Novick">
Novick

Novick is a surname that refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18306332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306332" title="Chao Kuang Piu High-tech Development Fund">
Chao Kuang Piu High-tech Development Fund

The Chao Kuang Piu High-tech Development Fund (Traditional Chinese: 曹光彪高科技發展基金; Simplified Chinese: 曹光彪高科技发展基金), is a fund at Zhejiang University, for promoting high-tech innovation and development.
Introduction.
The Hong Kong-based industrial magnate Chao Kuang Piu (曹光彪), who is a Zhejiang native, donated 10 million HK dollar to Zhejiang University. The goal of the fund is to promote high-tech innovation and development at Zhejiang University. The fund is named after Chao Kuang Piu for his generous financial supports and contributions to the university.
Chao again donated 18 million HKD to the university. The donation was used to build the "Chao Kuang Piu High-tech Building" (曹光彪科技大樓/曹光彪科技大楼), which is coupled with the fund.
December 2001, Chao further donated 20 million HKD to found the current "Chao Kuang Piu High-tech Talent Fund" (曹光彪高科技人才基金), which is also coupled with the previous High-tech Development Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="18306347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306347" title="Roy, Louisiana">
Roy, Louisiana

Roy, also known as Roytown, is an unincorporated community located about two miles south of Castor in Bienville Parish in northern Louisiana. To the south of Roy is Ashland in Natchitoches Parish. Named for Roy Otis Martin, Sr. (1890-1973), the community was the location of a closed sawmill owned and operated by the Martin Timber Company based in Alexandria, Louisiana, and operated by Martin's grandson, Roy O. Martin, III.
History.
From 1898 to 1927, the Alberta community thrived just north of Roy. Alberta began when E. M. Werkheiser established a sawmill, and the Louisiana and Arkansas Railway came into the area. By 1900, some three hundred were employed at a sawmill of the Bienville Lumber Company, which built a school, which also served as a chapel for area churches. There was a grocery store, dry goods store, cotton gin, blacksmith shop, and several gristmills. In 1915, the sawmill was moved to Mississippi. A post office operated at Alberta until 1927
Later, across from the Martin company sawmill were a grocery store and a gasoline station. A general store was located about a mile south from the sawmill. During the heyday of the mill, the grocery store was referred to as a commissary of the company town. Housing quarters for the mill workers were constructed along what is now Louisiana Highway 153. Most of those living near the mill worked for the company. The Kansas City Southern Railroad had a track that ran near the sawmill, and a spur line connected the railroad to the sawmill to facilitate shipping of the lumber.
In 1952, a tornado, spiraling from the direction of Black Lake Bayou, destroyed the sawmill and housing quarters, but the gas station, grocery store, and nearby general store survived the storm. The sawmill was rebuilt and remained operational until the death of an employee in the late 1990s caused the company to close the plant.
The grocery store burned and was razed. The gas station became a tire and lube shop until it went out of business in the late 1990s. The general store closed in the 1970s. Another general store was built behind the previous one and operated until 1990. A general store still operates in Castor.
Present day.
Most of the Roy area, formerly open country, is now a dense thicket. Existing businesses include a gas station and a bar.
Roy uses the same ZIP code and telephone numbers as the residents of Castor. Pupils from Roy attend Castor High School.
Geography.
Roy's coordinates are 32°13′26″N 93°09′07″W 
Nelson Creek a branch of Black Lake Bayou traverses Roy.
Roads.
Besides Highway 153, the Punkin Center, and Sawmill roads provide access about Roy.

</doc>
<doc id="18306351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306351" title="Sukerijärvi Strict Nature Reserve">
Sukerijärvi Strict Nature Reserve

Sukerijärvi Strict Nature Reserve ("Sukerijärven luonnonpuisto") is a strict nature reserve located in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. This reserve resembles parts of Oulanka National Park, which has popular backpacking trails. There is no public access.

</doc>
<doc id="18306353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306353" title="Steinfort (disambiguation)">
Steinfort (disambiguation)

Steinfort may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18306379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306379" title="Instruments used in oncology">
Instruments used in oncology

Instruments used specially in Oncology (surgery) are as follows:
__FORCETOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18306380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306380" title="Karkali Strict Nature Reserve">
Karkali Strict Nature Reserve

Karkali Strict Nature Reserve ("Karkalin luonnonpuisto") is a strict nature reserve located in the Uusimaa region of Finland. This small reserve protects a lush deciduous forest more commonly found in central Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18306386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306386" title="Ghulam Ahmed Chishti">
Ghulam Ahmed Chishti

Ghulam Ahmed Chishti (often abbreviated to G.A. Chishti) (17 August 1905, - 25 December 1994) was an Indian/Pakistani music composer, attributed as being one of the founders of Pakistani film music. He is also sometimes referred to as Baba Chishti.
Working with filmi music, Chishti excelled at Punjabi compositions and was 'apt at weaving the design of influences around Punjabi music'. With almost 5,000 tunes to his credit, he composed scores for 140-150 films and was the first musician to reach the 100s threshold. Being a poet, he has written lyrics for 12 most popular Pakistani film songs besides hundreds of others.
Biography.
Early life.
Ghulam Ahmed Chishti was born in 1905 in a small village in Jalandhar. Early in his childhood, Chishti became fond of music and would sing "naats". at his school. He was later noticed by Agha Hashar Kashmiri when Chishti came to Lahore. Kashmiri was a well-renowned writer and his works were praised throughout the Indian subcontinent and would occasionally compose songs for theatres.
Kashmiri hired Chishti to assist him with his work and offered him a salary of 50-rupees per month. Under Kashmiri's influence Chishti began learning the intricacies of the music industry and trained with him. Upon Kashmiri's death, Chishti joined a recording company and began composing himself. Amongst his first records were those for Jaddanbai and Amirbai Karnataki.
Composing for film.
Chishti is responsible for bringing Noor Jehan to the Lahore stage when she was 9-years old in 1935 who since then had worked in accord with Chishti after his later migration to Lahore. He started his career composing music for the films with "Deen-o-Dunya" in 1936. Once he got recognised, he was offered to compose music for L. R. Shori's film "Sohni Mahival" in 1938. Later the Censor Board banned his composition for the song "Aik Shehr Ki Londiya" from the film "Shukriya" in 1944 bestowing much needed attention upon the composer. He became known for his compositions in Urdu and Punjabi both. Chishti also taught the well-known Indian film musician Khayyam.
Partition and migration.
However, things were to take a drastic turn when in 1947, Pakistan was formed out of the partition of India. He decided on migrating to Pakistani in 1949 where the film industry was reeling in its infancy. The new industry was at the mercy of learned musicians and filmmakers and lacked funds to compete with the Indian films imported from India. Chishti offered his services as a musician.
Due to shortage of talent in the music industry, it is reported that Chishti had to compose music for three films at a time. His initial compositions for "Sachai", "Mundri" and "Pheray" were simultaneously produced. Upon its initial screening, "Pheray" became a blockbuster hit and earned plaudits for the composer. It is reported that the six to seven songs in the film were written, composed and recorded in a single day.
Last days.
Chishti was a very simple, affable and kind person. Due to his popularity and venerability, he was called "Baba Ji" in the film industry. He died at the age of 89 due to a heart attack on 25 December 1994 in Lahore. He wished his grandson, Mohammad Ali, a very healthy life.

</doc>
<doc id="18306387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306387" title="Willoughby J. Edbrooke">
Willoughby J. Edbrooke

Willoughby James Edbrooke (Evanston, Illinois 1843 — 1896) was an American architect and a bureaucrat who remained faithful to a Richardsonian Romanesque style into the era of Beaux-Arts architecture in the United States, supported by commissions from conservative federal and state governments that were spurred by his stint in 1891-92 as Supervising Architect of the U.S. Treasury Department.
Life and career.
Edbrooke first practiced in Chicago in 1868 and in 1879 formed a partnership with Franklin Pierce Burnham (died 1909). The partnership was dissolved in 1892. Among their major joint commissions were the Georgia State Capitol, and buildings for University of Notre Dame, and the Mecca Apartments (1891-1892) in Chicago, where Edbrooke served as superintendent of construction. The division of responsibilities and credit for constructions at the World's Columbian Exposition, Chicago, 1893, may have finalized the dissolution of the partnership. Edbrooke resited in Washington DC, where in his position as supervising architect of the Treasury Department, he initiated the design of at least forty buildings.
The monumentally classical Georgia State Capitol shows Burnham's design sensibility rather than Edbrooke's, as Edbrooke's late constructions show. At the turn of the twentieth century, fire destroyed many of the documents in storage at the Capitol, including the original plans and specifications for the building. The competition for the capitol's design was judged by New York architect, George B. Post, who remarked its "beauty, strength and harmony" in justifying his selection of the Edbrooke and Burnham classicizing design, that it was more academically correct, simple and elegant, and monumental in its appearance.
At the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, 1893, the Government Building was ascribed to Willoughby J. Edbrooke. Its classicizing design fit in harmoniously with the "White City" that ushered in the American Renaissance movement and the age of Beaux-Arts architecture. At the Exposition, Franklin P. Burnham was officially credited only with the Cold-Storage Warehouse, while "Willoughby J. Edbrooke, Washington" is credited with the United States Government Building and the other official federal exhibits. 
Edbrooke was elected a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects.
His son Harry W.J. Edbrooke (1873-1946) went into practice with Willoughby's brother, Frank E. Edbrooke, the dean of early Denver architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="18306394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306394" title="Aleksandr Podshivalov">
Aleksandr Podshivalov

Aleksandr Viktorovich Podshivalov () (born 6 September 1964 in Sverdlovsk) is an association football coach and a former player. As of 2009, he works as an assistant coach with FC Tom Tomsk.
In the first round of the 1992–93 UEFA Cup, he saved two penalty kicks in the penalty shootout that helped his team FC Torpedo Moscow beat Manchester United F.C. (United also missed the goal on one of the kicks).
International career.
Podshivalov played his only game for Russia on 6 October 1993 in a friendly against Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="18306409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306409" title="Chao Kuang Piu">
Chao Kuang Piu

Chao Kuang-piu, SBS (), is a Hong Kong industrial tycoon and philanthropist, sometimes referred to as Hong Kong's "Wool Magnate". 
Life.
Chao was born in 1919 or 1920 in Ningbo. His father was also a successful businessman in Shanghai. In 1950, Chao went to Hong Kong to develop his own business. His career has been mainly involved in the Hong Kong textile industry.
Chao was the main founder of the Dragonair, which was the first Chinese air company in Hong Kong. Chao also was the very first businessman who invested in Mainland China when the Chinese Economic Reform started in late 1970s.
Chao is the current Honorary Chairman of the Wharton School's Global Alumni Forum in Hong Kong. He is also the current Chairman of Novel Enterprises Ltd.
Family.
Chao's daughter, Susana Chou (曹其真), is the first President of the Legislative Assembly of Macau, Macau SAR.

</doc>
<doc id="18306410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306410" title="Sunbreak">
Sunbreak

A sunbreak is a natural phenomenon in which sunlight obscured over a relatively large area penetrates the obscuring material in a localized space. The typical example is of sunlight shining through a hole in cloud cover. A sunbreak piercing clouds normally produces a visible shaft of light reflected by atmospheric dust, called a sunbeam. Another form of sunbreak occurs when sunlight passes into an area otherwise shadowed by surrounding large buildings through a gap temporarily aligned with the position of the sun.
In Art.
Artists such as cartoonists and filmmakers often use sunbreak to show protection or relief being brought upon an area of land by God or a receding storm.

</doc>
<doc id="18306411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306411" title="Sacred Heart (Peter Ostroushko album)">
Sacred Heart (Peter Ostroushko album)

Sacred Heart is an album by Peter Ostroushko, released in 2000. It is the final part of the trilogy Ostroushko calls his "heartland trilogy" — "Heart of the Heartland", "Pilgrims on the Heart Road", and "Sacred Heart". In contrast to the first two albums, "Sacred Heart" is completely instrumental.
Reception.
In his review for Allmusic, critic William Ruhlmann stated ""Sacred Heart" is always presenting different styles to the listener, even within the same piece, and each seems fully realized before giving way to the next. It's a multi-course meal that keeps surprising the palate and leaves the listener feeling satisfied but not overstuffed."
Track listing.
All songs by Peter Ostroushko.

</doc>
<doc id="18306413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306413" title="Vaskijärvi Strict Nature Reserve">
Vaskijärvi Strict Nature Reserve

Vaskijärvi Strict Nature Reserve ("Vaskijärven luonnonpuisto") is a strict nature reserve located in the Finland Proper region of Finland. There is a short trail which is occasionally flooded, in this wetland reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="18306417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306417" title="Paul J. Manafort">
Paul J. Manafort

Paul J. Manafort is an American lobbyist and political consultant. A former adviser to the presidential campaigns of George W. Bush, Bob Dole, George H.W. Bush, Ronald Reagan, and Gerald Ford, he is a senior partner in the firm Davis, Manafort and Freedman.
Career synopsis.
Manafort was born in New Britain, Connecticut on April 1, 1949. He graduated from Georgetown University (B.S., B.A., 1971) and Georgetown University Law School (J.D., 1974).
In 1977–1980 he was an attorney with the firm of Vorys, Sater, Seymour and Pease in Washington, D.C.
In 1976 he served as a delegate-hunt coordinator for eight States for the President Ford Committee. In 1978–1980 Manafort was southern coordinator for Ronald Reagan's presidential campaign, and deputy political director, Republican National Committee. After Reagan's election he was appointed Associate Director of the Presidential Personnel Office at the White House, and in 1981 he was nominated to the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation.
He was a director of Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions (1985).
He advised Sen. Robert Dole's 1996 presidential campaign. He is also a former adviser to the presidential campaigns of George W. Bush and George H.W. Bush.
He joined the presidential campaign of John McCain as an advisor in 2008.
Lobbying career.
Manafort was founding partner of Washington, DC-based lobbying powerhouse Black, Manafort, Stone and Kelly. In 1996 he left BMSK to join Richard H. Davis in forming Davis, Manafort.
He also worked in Ukraine on the presidential campaign of Viktor Yanukovych even as the U.S. government (and McCain) opposed him because of his ties to Russia's Vladimir Putin. 
Manafort was hired to advise Yanukovych months after massive street demonstrations known as the Orange Revolution overturned Yanukovych's victory in the 2004 presidential race. 
In 2010, under Manafort's tutelage, the opposition leader put the Orange Revolution on trial, campaigning against its leaders' management of a weak economy. Returns from the presidential election gave Yanukovych a narrow win over Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko, a leader of the 2004 demonstrations. Yanukovych owes his comeback in Ukraine's presidential election to a drastic makeover of his political persona and, people in his party say, that makeover was engineered in part by his American consultant, Manafort. 
According to a 2008 U.S. Justice Department annual report, Manafort’s company received $63,750 from Yanukovych's Party of Regions over a six-month period ending on March 31, 2008, for consulting services.
HUD influence peddling scandal.
Manafort came under fire for using his connections at HUD to ensure funding for an unwanted $43 million rehabilitation of dilapidated housing in Seabrook, N.J. Manafort's firm received a $326,000 fee for its work in getting HUD approval of the grant largely through personal influence with Deborah Gore Dean, an executive assistant to former HUD Secretary Samuel R. Pierce Jr. 

</doc>
<doc id="18306424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306424" title="20th Lancers">
20th Lancers

The 20th Lancers is an armoured regiment of the Pakistan Army. It was formed in 1922 by the amalgamation of the 14th Murray's Jat Lancers and the 15th Lancers (Cureton's Multanis).
14th Murray's Jat Lancers.
The 14th Murray's Jat Lancers was raised at Aligarh as the Jat Horse Yeomanry in 1857 during the Indian Mutiny by Captain J I Murray. It was composed entirely of Hindu Jats. The regiment served as part of the Bhutan Field Force during the Bhutan War of 1864-65 and in the Second Afghan War of 1878-80. During the First World War, the regiment served in Mesopotamia.
15th Lancers (Cureton's Multanis).
The 15th Lancers (Cureton's Multanis) was formed at Lahore in 1858 by Captain C Cureton from six risallahs of Multani Pathans originally raised in 1857 by Ghulam Hasan Khan as The Multani Regiment of Cavalry. The first native commandant Nawab Ghulam Hassan Khan also served as the British Political Agent to Afghanistan. The regiment was one of the class regiments, comprising 100% Muslims of Multani Pathans. The regiment saw service in the Second Afghan War of 1878-80 and in France and Persia during the First World War. 
After the First World War, the number of Indian cavalry regiments was reduced from thirty-nine to twenty-one. However, instead of disbanding the surplus units, it was decided to amalgamate them in pairs. This resulted in renumbering and renaming of the entire cavalry line. The 14th Murray's Jat Lancers and 15th Lancers (Cureton's Multanis) were amalgamated at Sialkot on 21 September 1920 to form 20th Lancers. The new class composition of the regiment was one squadron each of Punjabi Muslims, Jatt Sikhs and Hindu Jats. The uniform of 20th Lancers was dark blue with scarlet facings. The badge consisted of crossed silver lances bearing pennons with a crown at the intersection above "XX" and a scroll below. In 1937, 20th Lancers became the training regiment of 3rd Indian Cavalry Group at Lucknow. It was converted into a training centre in 1940.
Reformation.
On 20 June 1956, 20th Lancers was re-raised by Pakistan Army as a Reconnaissance Regiment of Pakistan Armoured Corps and equipped with M24 Chaffee light tanks. The same year, the Indian Army raised an armoured regiment also named 20th Lancers, which claims to be the successor of the pre-independence 20th Lancers. The honour to raise the regiment for the Pakistan Armored Corps went to Major Syed Azmat Ali Bokhari; Major Bokhari also commanded a squardon of the regiment during the 1965 war on the Sialkot front. At the time of re-raising in 1956, the original badge was retained with the exception of the crown. During the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965, the regiment served under 15 Division in the Sialkot Sector. The regiment took part in the defence of Sialkot Cantonment and Dallowali Railway Sataion. Numerous enemy tanks, and munitions were destroyed. During the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971, 20th Lancers formed part of a delaying force in the Shakargarh Sector and held up the invading Indian divisions for two weeks. Sowar Muhammad Hussain was awarded a posthumous Nishan-i-Haider for outstanding gallantry.

</doc>
<doc id="18306425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306425" title="List of National Basketball Association players (A)">
List of National Basketball Association players (A)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with A.
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18306432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306432" title="Instruments used in plastic surgery">
Instruments used in plastic surgery

Instruments used specially in Plastic surgery are as follows:
__FORCETOC__
Instrument list.
! Instrument !! Uses
Image gallery.
Scalpel used to cut tissue
Skin expander used to stretch pieces of skin to make them larger
Silicone implants various implants are available for reconstructive or augmentative cosmetic surgery
Dermatome used to produce thin slices of skin from a donor area.

</doc>
<doc id="18306433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306433" title="Meller Sánchez">
Meller Sánchez

Meller Alexander Sánchez Rodas (born 8 June 1988) is a Honduran football player, who most recently played for Motagua.
Club career.
He was promoted from their reserves side Aguilas del Motagua by Jaime de la Pava. He was released by Motagua after the 2010 Apertura.

</doc>
<doc id="18306435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306435" title="Darncombe-cum-Langdale End">
Darncombe-cum-Langdale End

Darncombe-cum-Langdale End is a civil parish in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire, England.
According to the 2001 UK census, Darncombe-cum-Langdale End parish had a population of 42.
The parish council is Hackness & Harwood Dale Group Parish Council which covers the six parishes of Broxa-cum-Troutsdale, Darncombe-cum-Langdale End, Hackness, Harwood Dale, Silpho and Suffield-cum-Everley.

</doc>
<doc id="18306437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306437" title="Honoré Fragonard">
Honoré Fragonard

Honoré Fragonard (June 13, 1732 - April 5, 1799) was a French anatomist, now remembered primarily for his remarkable collection of "écorchés" (flayed figures) in the Musée Fragonard d'Alfort.
Fragonard was born in Grasse as cousin to painter Jean-Honoré Fragonard. After studying surgery, in 1759 he obtained his license and in 1762 was recruited by Claude Bourgelat, founder of the world's first veterinary school in Lyon. There Fragonard began to make his first anatomical exhibits. In 1765 Louis XV initiated a veterinary school in Paris, first resident at rue Sainte Appoline but in 1766 moving to the suburb of Alfort (today the École nationale vétérinaire d'Alfort in Maisons-Alfort). There Fragonard served as the school's first professor of anatomy for six years, preparing thousands of anatomical pieces, but was expelled in 1771 as a madman. He subsequently continued to prepare dissections in his home, gaining income by selling his works to the aristocracy.
Fragonard was careful in his dissections and preserved the results via means never divulged, but which may have been based on those of Jean-Joseph Sue. His pieces were often prepared for theatrical effect rather than scientific exhibition, as can be seen in the surviving pieces in the Musée Fragonard d'Alfort. In 1793, along with his cousin, he became a member of the Jury national des arts, and in the following year the "Commission temporaire des arts". In this position he collected his work at Alfort for an envisioned "Office National d'Anatomie"; but it never materialized and most of his work was dispersed. Despondent, he subsequently was named director of anatomy at the newly created École de Santé de Paris, but died in Charenton on April 5, 1799.

</doc>
<doc id="18306442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306442" title="Vesijako Strict Nature Reserve">
Vesijako Strict Nature Reserve

Vesijako Strict Nature Reserve ("Vesijaon luonnonpuisto") is a strict nature reserve located in the Päijänne Tavastia region of Finland. This small reserve is noted for its geological feature, it is near an area where a lake with same name, Vesijako has two outlets in different watersheds.

</doc>
<doc id="18306447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306447" title="Peter von Hagenbach">
Peter von Hagenbach

Peter von Hagenbach (or Pierre de Hagenbach or Pietro di Hagenbach or Pierre d’Archambaud or Pierre d'Aquenbacq, circa 1420 – May 9, 1474) was a Bourguignon knight from Alsace and Germanic military and civil commander.
He was born into an Alsatian-Burgundian family, originally from Hagenbach and owned a castle there.
He was instated as bailiff of Upper Alsace by Charles the Bold, Duke of Burgundy, to administer the territories and rights in Upper Alsace which had been mortgaged by Duke Sigmund of Further Austria for 50,000 florins in the Treaty of St. Omer in 1469. There he coined the term Landsknecht—from German, "Land" ("land, country") + "Knecht" ("servant"). It was originally intended to indicate soldiers of the lowlands of the Holy Roman Empire as opposed to the Swiss mercenaries. As early as 1500 the misleading spelling of "Lanzknecht" became common because of the association with "Lanze" ("lance").
Following a rebellion by towns of the Upper Rhine against his tyranny, Hagenbach was put on trial for the atrocities committed during the occupation of Breisach, found guilty of war crimes, and beheaded at Breisach am Rhein. His trial by an ad hoc tribunal of the Holy Roman Empire in 1474, was the first “international” recognition of commanders’ obligations to act lawfully. He was convicted of crimes "he as a knight was deemed to have a duty to prevent." He defended himself by arguing that he was only following orders, from the Duke of Burgundy to whom the Holy Roman Empire had given Breisach. Despite the fact there was no explicit use of a doctrine of command responsibility it is seen as the first trial based on that principle.

</doc>
<doc id="18306461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306461" title="William Frederick, Prince of Nassau-Dietz">
William Frederick, Prince of Nassau-Dietz

William Frederick (; Arnhem 7 August 1613 – Leeuwarden 31 October 1664), Count (from 1654 Imperial Prince) of Nassau-Dietz, Stadtholder of Friesland, Groningen and Drenthe.
Biography.
Family life.
William Frederick was the second son of Ernest Casimir I, Count of Nassau-Dietz and Sophia Hedwig of Brunswick-Lüneburg. He married Albertine Agnes of Nassau, the fifth daughter of Frederick Henry, Prince of Orange on 2 May 1652 in Cleves. They had three children:
The fact that his wife was only the fifth daughter of Frederick Henry, and that they were married after the death of her father, would later take on a special significance in the quarrel about the inheritance of the title of Prince of Orange after the death of William III of England in 1702. This was because Frederick Henry had made a provision in his will that if his male line would die out (which was the case with William III) the title of Prince of Orange would be inherited by the male issue of the line of his elder daughter Louise Henriette of Nassau. This might even have been the case without this provision, had William III not himself left the inheritance to the descendants of William Frederick in his will. The inheritance therefore came down to a clash of testaments, with the outcome that both claimants eventually took the title and divided the material inheritance.
William Frederick was a paternal grandson of John VI, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg, a younger brother of his wife's paternal grandfather William the Silent. When John died in 1606 his inheritance was divided among his five sons, one of which was William Frederick's father Ernest Casimir, who received the title of Count of Nassau-Dietz and followed his eldest brother William Louis, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg as Stadtholder of Friesland, Groningen and Drenthe in 1620. William Frederick inherited the Nassau-Dietz possessions from his elder brother Henry Casimir I of Nassau-Dietz, who died childless in 1640.
Career.
As a second son, William Frederick did not seem destined for the career he eventually would follow. He studied at Leiden University and the University of Groningen and subsequently took a commission in the army of the Dutch Republic, like his male ancestors and his brother. As such he was a junior partner of his future father in law and brother in law William II, Prince of Orange. However, his elder brother died in action near Hulst in 1640. As Henry Casimir was unmarried, and did not have children, William Frederick inherited his titles.
However, as the office of stadtholder was not yet hereditary, William Frederick only managed to be appointed in Friesland. The stadtholdership in Groningen and Drenthe went to Frederick Henry, not without a struggle with William Frederick, however. After Frederick Henry's death in 1647 William II succeeded his father also in these two provinces as stadtholder. Only when William II died in 1650, just a week before his son William III was born, did William Frederick obtain the stadtholdership in the other two provinces also.
At that time he might have obtained the stadtholdership in the five other provinces (Holland, Zeeland, Utrecht, Gelderland and Overijssel) also. After all, the stadtholderate was an appointive office. The elder branch of the Nassau family might have "first claim" to the office, but as the "claimant" was a newborn babe (William III), such a claim was not to be taken seriously. Yet, to avoid a quarrel with the members of that elder branch (William II's widow and mother) William Frederick did not press his personal claim, but offered to serve as lieutenant-stadtholder in the five provinces until the infant William III would come of age.
He might have been taken up on that offer, except for the events that preceded the death of William II. William had performed a military coup d'état against the States of Holland in the course of a quarrel about military policy. William Frederick had played a key role in that coup by leading the attempt to seize the city of Amsterdam by force in August, 1650. Though the attempted seizure was unsuccessful, the coup had not been. However, after William's demise the Holland Regents seized their chance to revert to the "status quo ante". They decided to leave the stadtholdership vacant in their province, followed by the four other provinces in which William had been stadtholder, thus inaugurating the First Stadtholderless Period. Because of his role in the coup William Frederick was politically unacceptable, not just as a stand-in for William III, but also on his own account.
The office of stadtholder was a provincial office. On the federal level William II had fulfilled the office of Captain general of the Union, like his father and uncle before him. William Frederick again would normally have been in line for this office (after all, he was a stadtholder in his own right), except for the same political awkwardness that blocked his appointment to stadtholder in Holland. Again he offered himself as lieutenant-captain-general (the function Marlborough would fulfil in England after 1702), but again the Regents decided to leave the function vacant. William Frederick did not even get the function of acting commander-in-chief (Field Marshal), which went to a noble from Holland.
This was to be the story of William Frederick's life. He tried to act as the "de facto" head of the Orangist party, in opposition to the States Party faction of Grand Pensionary Johan de Witt and his uncle Cornelis de Graeff, but was usually outwitted and checked by De Witt at every step. The fact that the members of the senior branch of the family were suspicious of his ambitions made his position even more difficult, even after he married into that senior branch.
Nevertheless, outside the Netherlands those ambitions met with more success. In 1654 his title of Count was "upgraded" to Imperial Prince ("Reichsfürst") by the Holy Roman Emperor. Within the Empire this provided him with more prestige, which however did not translate to more prestige in the Republic.
For a while, in the late 1650s, there seemed to be a chance of becoming Commander-in-chief, as part of a political compromise, brought together by De Witt, but nothing came of it. Only during the invasion of Bernhard von Galen during the Second Anglo-Dutch War, which threatened his home provinces of Groningen and Friesland (Drenthe was overrun), was he entrusted with a command in the field. He was successful in the reconquest of a strategic fortress (the "Deilerschans"), but shortly afterward he died on 31 October 1664 in an accident with a pistol that fired unexpectedly.
Before his death he had persuaded the States of Friesland that his son Henry Casimir II (only 7 years old in 1664) should succeed him as stadtholder. The States kept their word, accepting a "regency" of the young boy's mother. The Frisian stadtholderate was made hereditary in 1675.

</doc>
<doc id="18306463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306463" title="Ralph Ruppert">
Ralph Ruppert

Ralph Ruppert (aka Ralph 'P' Ruppert), a German Record Producer relocated from Frankfurt, Germany to London in August 1985. He signed an exclusive Producers contract with CBS Records (now Sony Music Entertainment) in the year 1985 to produce the Berlin/Liverpool duo Picnic At The Whitehouse, a studio project formed by Berlin-based keyboardist Ilfo Debusmann. The very original recording of their first single "We Need Protection" featured the then still unknown Terence Trent D'arby on lead vocals which were replaced later by vocals performed by Liverpool vocalist Eddie Hind.
"We Need Protection" was a Top Ten Single in many mainland Europe countries. The original version featuring Terence Trent D'arby was never commercially released and is now a sought after jewel in the world of record collectors.
Ruppert has produced and engineered commercially successful songs and albums for numerous German, British and international artists. He received Gold and Platinum records awards for his sound engineering work with Scottish pop band Wet Wet Wet and American born singer-songwriter Terence Trent D'arby. As a producer, he has had chart success with Picnic At The Whitehouse, Ellis, Beggs & Howard, The Scientist, The Buzzcocks and Messiah. Ruppert has worked as an engineer or remix engineer on record releases from Stevie Wonder, Primal Scream, Prodigy, Boney M, Jennifer Rush, Malcolm Mclaren, Michael Rose from Black Uhuru and Gregory Isaacs. He is also one of the co-founders and owned a significant stake in the recording company Millennium Records, Headroom Studios London and a music publishing company, Millennium Songs.
Early life.
Ralph Ruppert was born in Marburg a.d. Lahn, Germany in 1959, the first child to Heinz Ruppert and second child to Waltraud Magdalena Ruppert. Following the divorce of his parents in 1972, Ruppert grew up with his mother and four year older half brother Michael Mario Ruppert in the spa town of Bad Homburg, Germany where he spent his entire youth until the year 1985. There he attended the Friedrich Ebert Schule primary school from 1966 to 1969 and the secondary schools Realschule Bad Homburg and Gesamtschule Bad Homburg, Germany between 1970 and 1973. Ruppert completed his school years between 1973 and 1975 at the Georg Kerschensteiner-Schule, Bad Homburg, Germany. Following his school years, Ruppert successfully completed an apprenticeship and obtained a qualification in Business Management at Braun (company) AG in Kronberg im Taunus, Germany in 1977, Ruppert then attended the Fachoberschule Oberursel fuer Betriebswirtschaft for one year between 1978 and 1979 during which time he first discovered and developed his interest in Music and Sound Engineering.
Awards.
March 1987 - Awarded by Polygram with “Gold Disc” for Engineering and Mixing on Wet Wet Wet’s “Popped In, Souled Out” album for the sales of more than 100,000 copies
Aug. 1987 - Awarded by Polygram with “Double Platinum Disc” for Engineering and Mixing on Wet Wet Wet’s “Popped In, Soul’d Out” album for the sales of more than 600,000 copies. The album finally reached “Quadruple Platinum Status” selling more than 2 million copies world wide.
Oct. 1987 - Awarded by CBS Records with “Double Platinum Disc” for Engineering on Terence Trent Darby’s “The Hard-line According to...” ” album for the sales of more than 600,000 copies. The album finally reached “Quadruple Platinum Status”
Nov. 1987 - Awarded by Ampex with the “Golden Reel Award” for “Priceless Performance Recording & Engineering” on Wet Wet Wet’s “Popped In, Soul’d Out” album
Sept. 1983 Awarded by Ampex with the “Golden Reel Award” for “Priceless Performance Recording & Engineering” on Sydney Rome’s “Dancing Aerobic” album
Discography.
Sound Engineering & Remixes.
Co-production:
Ride My Bike (12") Italoheat 1985
Thunderdome (CD, Maxi) American Recordings 1994
Twenty First Century Jesus (CD, Album) American Recordings 1994
Twenty First Century Jesus (LP, Cle) WHTE LBLS 1994
I Love 1991 (Classic Old Skool) (CD) The Bee Mixmag 2001
Rhyme:Creator (12") Boom Bang Records 2001
Mix:
We Need Protection (12") We Need Protection (Sc... Portrait 1985
We Need Protection (Mother Mix) (12") We Need Protection (Mo... Portrait 1986
Electrica Salsa (12") DSD Records 1987
Wishing Well (12") Elevators & Hearts, CBS 1987
Wishing Well (12") (What A) Wonderful World, Columbia 1987
Wishing Well (12") Elevators & Hearts CBS 1987
Wishing Well (12") (What A) Wonderful Wor... Columbia 1987
Wishing Well (12", Promo) Elevators & Hearts CBS Records Australia 1987
Wishing Well (CD, Mini) (What A) Wonderful Wor... Columbia 1987
Wishing Well (The Darbinian Mix) (12") Elevators & Hearts, Wo... CBS 1987
Wishing Well / Elevators & Hearts (Cass, Single) Elevators & Hearts, El... CBS 1987
Soundclash (Champion Sound) (12") Kickin Records 1990
Champion Sound (The Best Of Kickin Records Volume One) (LP) Evil Surrounds Us, Wasted Kickin Records 1991
Johnny The Liar (12") Get Terminated (UK Clu... Polydor 1993
Johnny The Liar (CD, Maxi) Johnny The Liar (Acous... Polydor 1993
Paris Paris (CD, Maxi) Paris Paris (Secret Kn... No! 1994
Dance (CD, Maxi) Mascotte Music 1995
Dance (12") Mascotte Music 1995
Not What You Think (12") Not What You Think (Or... Millennium Records, Millennium Records 1996
Not What You Think (12") Not What You Think (Ex... Dance Pool 1996
Not What You Think (CD, Maxi) Not What You Think (Ra... Dance Pool 1996
Appears On:
Banana Sausage (12") Kickin Records
Please Take This Personal (CD) Right Track Records
Ten Thousand Lightyears / Remix II (CD) CD Maximum
Popped In Souled Out (CD) The Precious Organisation 1987
Popped In Souled Out (LP, Album) Mercury 1987
Temptation (7") Temptation Mercury 1988
Wrong Direction (12") MZM Production 1988
The Bee (12") Kickin Records 1990
The Bee (Remix) (12") Kickin Records 1990
The Exorcist (12") Kickin Records 1990
The Exorcist II (The Remix) (12") Kickin Records 1990
Give Peace A Dance: A CND Compilation (2xCD) The Bee (Honeycombe Mix) Beechwood Music 1991
Give Peace A Dance: A CND Compilation (2xCass) The Bee (Honeycombe Mix) Beechwood Music 1991
The Bee (Remix) (CD, Maxi) The Bee (Original Mix) Kickin Records 1991
The Bee (Remix) (Cass) The Bee (Original Mix)... Kickin Records 1991
Banana Sausage (12") Kickin Records 1992
Banana Sausage (CD, Maxi) Kickin Records, Kickin Records 1992
Evil Surrounds Us (12") Kickin Records 1992
Evil Surrounds Us (12", Promo) Kickin Records 1992
Times Of Addiction (CD, Maxi) Pandemonium Records 1992
Airborn (CD, Maxi) Eye Q Records, WEA Musik GmbH 1993
Airborn (12") Eye Q Records 1993
Airborn (12") Eye Q Records, WEA Musik GmbH 1993
Airborn (CD, Maxi) Eye Q Records 1993
End Of Part One - Their Greatest Hits (Cass, Album) The Precious Organisation 1993
Slug (CD, Album) Pandemonium Records 1993
Thunderdome (CD, Maxi) Warner Music UK Ltd. 1993
Thunderdome (12") Warner Music UK Ltd. 1993
Thunderdome (12", Promo) Warner Music UK Ltd. 1993
Thunderdome (12") Warner Music UK Ltd., Warner Music UK Ltd. 1993
Thunderdome (CD2) (CD, Maxi) Warner Music UK Ltd. 1993
Not What You Think (12") Dance Pool 1996
21st Century Media Blitz Vol. 2 (2xCD) Century Media 1999
Qilaash - How The West Was One (CD) Nation Records 2000
I'd Rather Shout At A Returning Echo Than Kid That Someone's Listening (CD, Enh) Some Bizzare 2001
TWAT v4.0: The War Against Terror (CD, Album) Intone 2003
URP Vol 1_ (CD, Album) Intone 2003
Auchtermatic (CD) Anacostia Bay (At The ... One Little Indian 2004
Meets The Truck Bombers Of Suburbia Uptown Vol. 1 (Feat. Pat Riot) (CD) Intone 2004
URP Vol 2_ (CD, Album) Intone 2004
URP Vol 3_ (CD, Album, Comp) Intone 2004
Subduing Demons In South Yorkshire Part 2 (CD, Album, Mixed) Intone 2005
The Bedsit Tapes (CD) Some Bizzare 2005
Demo Non Stop (CD) Some Bizzare 2006
Unofficial Releases:
There Is No Law / Temple Of Dreams (Foreplay) (12") Kickin Records 1992
Personal Life.
Ruppert was never married and has two children with his then partner Claire Maria Mata between 1990 and 1994 whose names are Maximilian Michael Mata, born on the 11th May 1991 and Felix Alexander Heinz Mata, born 24th January 1993. In 2012, Ruppert's father Heinz Ruppert died on the 18th April 2012, ten days after his 89th birthday in the hospital 'Krankenhaus Nordwest' in Frankfurt/Main, Germany after a short suffering from a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="18306469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306469" title="Instruments used in preventive medicine">
Instruments used in preventive medicine

Instruments used specially in preventive medicine are as follows:
__FORCETOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18306481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306481" title="Bermuda at the Commonwealth Games">
Bermuda at the Commonwealth Games

Bermuda competed in the first 1930 Games and has competed in fifteen of the eighteen previous Commonwealth Games. Bermuda took part in the 1986 games opening ceremony but boycotted the events along with 31 other countries.
Overall medal tally.
With five medals, Bermuda is now (2010) forty-first in the All-time tally of medals. 

</doc>
<doc id="18306486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306486" title="Loser (hand gesture)">
Loser (hand gesture)

The loser is a hand gesture made by extending the thumb and index fingers, leaving the other fingers closed to create the letter L, interpreted as "loser", and generally given as a demeaning sign. Sometimes this is accompanied by raising the hand to the giver's forehead, and sometimes it is done as you rest your head in your hands. The gesture was popular in the 1990s, partly popularized by the movies "" and "The Sandlot".
Usage of a "L" handsign in specific contexts.
The gesture is used in the logo of "Glee" to form the logo's L, and is used as a sign of affection among the fans of that show ('Gleeks').
In Montenegro it is used by the liberals and enjoys wider use since the breakup of Yugoslavia.
In the Philippines, it was used by supporters of Corazon Aquino during her presidential candidacy against the then-President Ferdinand Marcos, the "L" gesture meaning "laban" (translated, "fight" or "contest" which could refer to fighting against Marcos). It was readopted during the presidential campaign of Benigno Aquino III, son of Corazon Aquino.
Pro-wrestler Zack Ryder uses the gesture as one half of his own "Long Island" sign ("L" gesture on his right hand means "Long" and an extended index finger on his left hand means "Island").

</doc>
<doc id="18306501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306501" title="Index of sustainability articles">
Index of sustainability articles

This page is an index of sustainability articles.
A.
Adiabatic lapse rate -
Air pollution control -
Air pollution dispersion modeling -
Allotment (gardening) -
Alternative energy -
American Green Chamber of Commerce -
Anaerobic digestion -
Anthropogenic -
Anthroposystem -
Applied Sustainability -
Appropriate technology -
Aquaculture -
Aquatic ecosystem -
Ashden Awards
B.
Back-to-the-land movement -
Bagasse -
Behavioral ecology -
Biobutanol -
Biodegradable plastics -
Bioenergy -
Bioenergy Village -
Biofuel in Brazil -
Biofuel in the United States -
Biofuel -
Biofuelwatch -
Biogas -
Biogas powerplant -
Biogeochemistry -
Blue bag
C.
Carbon accounting -
Carbon Economy -
Carbon footprint -
Catchwater -
Causal layered analysis -
Center for Environmental Technology -
Centre on Sustainable Consumption and Production -
Clean technology -
Cleaner production -
Climate change -
Coal depletion -
Commission on Sustainable Development -
Compost -
Composting -
Confederation of European Environmental Engineering Societies -
Conservation biology -
Conservation Commons -
Conservation development -
Conservation ethic -
Conservation movement -
Consumables -
Convention on the Prohibition of Military or Any Other Hostile Use of Environmental Modification Techniques -
Cornucopian -
Corporate social responsibility
Corporate sustainability -
Cradle to Cradle Design -
Cultural sustainability
D.
Deforestation -
Demography -
Depopulation -
Desertification -
Directive on the Promotion of the use of biofuels and other renewable fuels for transport -
Diseases of poverty -
Downsizer -
Drawbridge mentality -
Dixon Golf
E.
Earth Charter -
Earth observation satellite -
Earthscan -
Eco hotels -
Eco-efficiency -
Eco-industrial park -
Eco-sufficiency -
Ecoforestry -
Ecolabel -
Ecological deficit -
Ecological economics -
Ecological footprint -
Ecological humanities -
Ecological literacy -
Ecological sanitation -
Ecological threshold -
Ecologically sustainable development -
Ecosharing -
Ecosystem -
Ecotax -
Ecotechnology -
Ecotourism -
Ecovillages -
Electric vehicle -
Emissions trading -
Energy conservation -
Energy content of biofuel -
Energy crop -
Energy density -
Energy descent -
Energy development -
Energy economics -
Efficient energy use -
Energy Globe Award -
Energy Policy Act of 2005 -
Energy saving modules -
Energy security -
Environmental accounting -
Environmental and social studies -
Environmental archaeology -
Environmental audits -
Environmental benefits of vegetarianism -
Environmental biotechnology -
Environmental Change Network -
Environmental chemistry -
Environmental concerns with electricity generation -
Environmental consulting -
Environmental control system -
Environmental defense -
Environmental design -
Environmental design and planning -
Environmental disaster -
Environmental determinism -
Environmental economics -
Environmental effects of fishing -
Environmental effects on physiology -
Environmental engineering -
Environmental enterprise -
Environmental ethics -
Environmental factor -
Environmental finance -
Environmental geography -
Environmental geology -
Environmental gradient -
Environmental hazard -
Environmental health -
Environmental impact assessment -
Environmental impact report -
Environmental Information Regulations 2004 -
Environmental journalism -
Environmental justice -
Environmental law -
Environmental Law Service -
Environmental Life Force -
Environmental management -
Environmental management scheme -
Environmental Measurements Laboratory -
Environmental medicine -
Environmental microbiology -
Environmental Modeling Center -
Environmental movement -
Environmental movement in New Zealand -
Environmental movement in the United States -
Environmental planning -
Environmental preservation -
Environmental pricing reform -
Environmental protection in japan -
Environmental psychology -
Environmental Quality Improvement Act -
Environmental racism -
Environmental remediation -
Environmental Research Letters -
Environmental restoration -
Environmental Risk Management Authority -
Environmental science -
Environmental security -
Environmental skepticism -
Environmental sociology -
Environmental standard -
Environmental studies -
Environmental suit -
Environmental Sustainability Index -
Environmental technology -
Environmental Technology Laboratory -
Environmental Technology Verification Program -
Environmental toxins and fetal development -
Environmental transport association -
Environmental vandalism -
Environmental vegetarianism -
Environmental, Safety and Health Communication -
Environmentalism -
EPA Sustainability -
Epidemics -
Ethanol fuel -
Ethical consumerism -
Eugenics -
European Biofuels Technology Platform -
F.
Famine -
Farmer field school -
Five Capitals -
Food Race -
Food Routes Network -
Food security -
Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 -
Foreshoreway
G.
Gasification -
Global Environment Outlook -
Global Reporting Initiative -
Global warming -
Glossary of climate change -
Glossary of environmental science -
Green anarchy -
Green banking -
Green brands -
Green building -
Green cities -
Green cleaning -
Green computing -
Green conventions -
Green crude -
Green development -
Green Earth Market -
Green energy design -
Green gross domestic product -
Green museum -
Green Revolution -
Green syndicalism -
Ground-coupled heat exchanger
H.
Hannover Principles -
Heating oil -
Holocene extinction event -
Hubbert Peak Theory -
Human development index -
Human development theory -
Human migration -
Humanistic capitalism -
Hybrid vehicle -
Hydrogen technologies
I.
Immigration -
Immigration reduction -
Import substitution industries -
Inclusive business -
Industrial biotechnology -
Industrial ecology -
Industrial symbiosis -
Industrial wastewater treatment -
Inhabitat -
Institute for Sustainable Communication -
Integrated catchment management -
Integrated Multi-trophic Aquaculture -
International Institute for Environment and Development -
International Year of Forests
J.
Joint Forest Management -
K.
Kyoto Protocol
L.
Langkawi Declaration -
Life cycle assessment -
Lifeboat ethics -
List of climate change topics -
List of conservation topics -
List of environmental health hazards -
List of environmental issues - 
List of environmental studies topics -
List of global sustainability statistics -
List of large wind farms -
List of religious populations -
List of renewable energy topics by country -
List of sustainability principles -
List of vegetable oils -
Local food -
Low impact development -
Low-carbon economy -
Lyle Center for Regenerative Studies
M.
Maldevelopment -
Material efficiency -
Material input per unit of service -
Medieval demography -
Megalopolis (city type) -
Melbourne Principles -
Metapattern -
Mitigation of peak oil -
Multiple chemical sensitivity - 
Micro-Sustainability
N.
National Venture Capital Association -
Natural building -
Natural resource management -
Net metering -
Nurgaliev's law -
O.
O2 Global Network -
Oceanway -
Over-consumption -
Overpopulation
P.
Participatory technology development -
Peak coal -
Peak copper -
Peak gas -
Peak oil -
Peak uranium -
Permaculture -
Permeable paving -
Photovoltaic array -
Photovoltaics in transport -
Population ageing -
Population biology -
Population control -
Population decline -
Population density -
Population ecology -
Population growth -
Population pyramid -
Promession -
Public ecology
R.
Rain garden -
Rainwater tank -
Reconciliation ecology -
Recycling -
Reef Check -
Renewable energy development -
Renewable energy -
Renewable resources -
Rio Declaration on Environment and Development -
Risks to civilization, humans and planet Earth -
Rain garden -
Rainwater tank -
Reconciliation ecology -
Recycling -
Reef Check -
Renewable energy development -
Renewable energy -
Renewable resources -
Rio Declaration on Environment and Development -
Risks to civilization, humans and planet Earth
S.
Seafood watch -
Self-sufficiency -
Seven generation sustainability -
Silicon valley -
Simple living -
Smithsonian Environmental Research Center -
Soil conservation -
Soil erosion -
Soil health -
Solar cell -
Solar heating -
Solar lamp -
Solar power -
Solar power satellite -
Solar savings fraction -
Spaceship earth -
Straight vegetable oil -
Strategic Environmental Assessment -
Strategic Sustainable Development -
strong versus weak sustainability -
Sustainability -
Sustainability accounting -
Sustainability Appraisal -
Sustainability governance -
Sustainability organisations -
Sustainability reporting -
Sustainable advertising -
Sustainable agriculture -
Sustainable architecture -
Sustainable art -
Sustainable building -
Sustainable business -
Sustainable city -
Sustainable community -
Sustainable design -
Sustainable development -
Sustainable distribution -
Sustainable food system -
Sustainable energy -
Sustainable fashion -
Sustainable forest management -
Sustainable graphic design -
Sustainable habitat -
Sustainable industries -
Sustainable landscape architecture -
Sustainable lighting -
Sustainable living -
Sustainable national income -
Sustainable packaging -
Sustainable procurement -
Sustainable product development -
Sustainable product development and design -
Sustainable regional development -
Sustainable resource extraction -
Sustainable technology -
Sustainable tourism -
Sustainable transport -
Sustainable urban drainage systems -
Sustainable urban infrastructure -
T.
The 2010 Imperative -
The good life -
The Human Farm (book) -
The Institution of Environmental Sciences -
The Natural Step -
The People & Planet Green League -
The Science of Survival -
Tragedy of the commons -
Transition Towns -
U.
United Nations Environment Programme -
Urban density -
Urban horticulture -
Urban oasis -
Urban sprawl
V.
Value of Earth -
Variable retention -
Vegetable oil economy
W.
Waste management -
Waste vegetable oil -
Waste water treatment -
Water conservation -
Water crisis -
Water purification -
Wave farm -
White flight -
Wind power -
Wind power in the United Kingdom -
Wind turbine -
World energy consumption -
World largest cities

</doc>
<doc id="18306505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306505" title="José Carlos Rivera">
José Carlos Rivera

José Carlos Rivera Espinal (born 11 July 1988) is a Honduran football player, who currently plays for Victoria.
Club career.
He was promoted from Águilas del Motagua to the Motagua first team along with his brother Rubén Antonio Rivera in 2007. He was set to move to Victoria for the 2011 Clausura championship to play alongside his brother after he spend a year abroad, but only joined them for the 2012 Apertura.

</doc>
<doc id="18306524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306524" title="Prince Wilhelm of Prussia (1906–1940)">
Prince Wilhelm of Prussia (1906–1940)

Prince Wilhelm of Prussia (Hohenzollern) (, in English, "William Frederick Francis Joseph Christian Olaf"; 4 July 1906 – 26 May 1940) was the eldest child and son of Crown Prince Wilhelm of Germany and Duchess Cecilie of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. At his birth, he was second in line to the German throne, and was expected to one day succeed to the throne after the deaths of his father and grandfather, both of whom ultimately outlived him.
Early life and childhood.
Wilhelm was born on 4 July 1906 at the Hohenzollern family's private summer residence, Marmorpalais, or Marble Palace, near Potsdam, where his parents were residing until their own home, Schloss Cecilienhof, could be completed. His father was Crown Prince Wilhelm, the eldest son and heir to the German Emperor, Wilhelm II. His mother was Duchess Cecilie of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. Emperor Franz Joseph of Austria was one of the Prince's godfathers.
The selection of a nanny for Wilhelm and his younger brother, Louis Ferdinand (born in 1907) caused considerable distress within the family.
On his tenth birthday in 1916, Wilhelm was created a lieutenant in the 1st Guards Regiment, and was given the Order of the Black Eagle by his grandfather. Two years later, when he was only twelve, the German monarchy was abolished. Wilhelm and his family remained in Germany, though his grandfather, the former Emperor, went into exile in the Netherlands. The former Crown Prince and his family remained in Potsdam, where Wilhelm and his younger brothers attended the local gymnasium.
After graduating from secondary school, Wilhelm went on to study at the Universities of Königsberg, Munich and Bonn. In 1926, while a student at the University of Bonn, Wilhelm joined the Borussia Corps, a student organization of which his father, grandfather, and other members of the Prussia Royal Family were members.
Marriage and children.
While a student at Bonn, Wilhelm fell in love with a fellow student, Dorothea von Salviati (10 September 1907-7 May 1972). His grandfather did not approve of the marriage of a member of the minor nobility with the second in line to the German Throne. At the time, the former Kaiser still believed in the possibility of a Hohenzollern restoration, and he would not permit his grandson to make an unequal marriage. Wilhelm told his grandson: ""Remember, there is every possible form of horse. We are thoroughbreds, however, and when we conclude a marriage such as with Fräulein von Salviati, it produces mongrels, and that cannot be allowed to happen.""
However, Wilhelm was determined to marry Dorothea. He renounced any rights to the succession for himself and his future children in 1933. Wilhelm and Dorothea married on 3 June 1933 in Bonn. They had two daughters. In 1940, the marriage was recognised as dynastic and the girls were given the title and style of Princesses of Prussia.
Military services.
During the Weimar Republic, Wilhelm inadvertently caused a public scandal by attending Army manoeuvres in the uniform of the old Imperial First Foot Guards without first seeking government approval. The commander of the Reichswehr, Hans von Seeckt, was forced to resign as a result.
At the beginning of World War II, Wilhelm was among a number of Princes from the former Germany monarchies who enlisted to serve in the Wehrmacht, the unified armed forces of Germany.
Death and reaction.
In May 1940, Wilhelm took part in the invasion of France. He was wounded during the fighting in Valenciennes and died in a field hospital in Nivelles on 26 May 1940. His funeral service was held at the Church of Peace, and he was buried in the Hohenzollern family mausoleum in the Antique Temple in Sanssouci Park. The service drew over 50,000 mourners, by far the largest not officially organized demonstration during Nazi rule in Germany.
His death and the ensuing sympathy of the German public revealed that despite years of Nazi ideologic indoctrination large parts of the German society still were affectionately bound to the former German royal houses. This greatly bothered Hitler, and he began to see the Hohenzollerns as a threat to his power. Shortly after Wilhelm's death, a decree known as the "Prinzenerlaß", or Prince's Decree, was issued, barring all members of the former German royal houses from service in the "Wehrmacht".

</doc>
<doc id="18306527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306527" title="USS Nokomis (YT-142)">
USS Nokomis (YT-142)

USS "Nokomis" (YT-142/YTB-142/YTM-142) was a Woban-class harbor tug built in Bremerton, Wash, and assigned to Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, in 1940. "Nokomis" was present during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, December 7, 1941. She was the first vessel on scene at the USS Arizona, and was called off by the officers on deck because of the imminent explosion of the battery below deck. It then left and helped beach the USS Nevada, with the USS Hoga, and the YT-153. The beaching of the Nevada saved Pearl Harbor's mouth from being blocked. After that the USS Nokomis fought fires and dewatered the battleship USS California, for 3 days. This effort made the California salvagable, to be recommissioned again later in the war. Nokomis was also the last vessel to move the surviving Yc-699 barge prior to the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. Post-war she continued serving Pearl Harbor ships until she was decommissioned in May 1973, and eventually sold for "scrap" to Crowley, in San Frencisco. She was renamed Sea Serpent and served many tears in the San Francisco Bay as a tug and fire boat. In 1989, after the Loma Prieta earthquake in the SF Bay area, Nokomisand Hoga fought fires alongside each other again.
Built in Bremerton, Washington.
"Nokomis" (YT–142), a diesel electric tug, was built at the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard, Bremerton, Washington; launched 29 November 1939; completed in March 1940; and allocated to the 14th Naval District for duty.
World War II service.
Upon arrival Pearl Harbor, "Nokomis" assumed the duty of providing towing and berthing services, and was available for waterfront fire protection and inner harbor security.
Post-war service.
Reclassified YTB–142, in 1944, she has remained active as a service craft based at Pearl Harbor into the 1970s.
Final decommissioning.
Nokomis was decommissioned and was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register in May 1973 and sold in April 1975.
Current status.
According to the Historic Tugboat Education and Restoration Society, the Nokomis was purchased in April 1975 by Crowley Maritime Corporation, and her name was changed to Sea Serpent. She was operated in the San Francisco Bay as a commercial tugboat to assist docking vessels. The company terminated their operations in the San Francisco area in the early 1990s and the Nokomis was reflagged Panamanian and abandoned with many other tug boats, to decay and rust.
She was rediscovered in March of 1999, in the mudflats of Hunters Point, San Francisco, by Tugboat Master Melissa Parker. She was purchased at an auction for $50 for the Historic Tugboat Education and Restoration Society. The 501(c)3 educational non-profit worked on historical research, practical engineering educational programs for underprivileged youth in the Bay Area, and cooperative programs between historical ship organizations in the SF Bay, and beyond; until the economical realities of the late 2000 decade cost the Historic Tugboat Education and Restoration Society its vessels; USS Nokomis and USS Wenonah. Both vessels were cut up in 2009. Wenonah was an identical sister to the USS Hoga. She would have been a great resource of partsto restore her. Nokomis was the oldest surviving naval vessel from the attack on Pearl Harbor. The Yc -699 barge on the SF Bay and the YT- 153 on the east coast, with the Hoga, are now the last remaining Naval Pearl Harbor surviving vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="18306529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306529" title="Rubén Antonio Rivera">
Rubén Antonio Rivera

Rubén Antonio Rivera Espinal (born 18 May 1987) is a Honduran football player, who currently plays for Victoria.
Club career.
He was promoted from Aguilas del Motagua alongside his brother José Carlos Rivera and was transferlisted at the end of 2010.
He was set to move to Victoria for the 2011 Clausura championship to play alongside his brother.,

</doc>
<doc id="18306554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306554" title="Billy Crook (English footballer)">
Billy Crook (English footballer)

William Charles "Billy" Crook (7 June 1926 – 29 May 2011) was an English footballer who spent the majority of his playing career at Wolverhampton Wanderers, with whom he won the 1949 FA Cup.
Career.
Crook first joined Wolverhampton Wanderers in August 1940 aged 14, eventually signed professional forms three years later. He made his debut in a League War Cup tie on 10 January 1942 against Blackpool, en route to lifting the trophy. He made 121 wartime appearances for the club in total, as well as guesting for Aldershot and Chelsea.
He became a regular first team player when league football recommenced in 1946, and held his place over the next six seasons. He was part of the team that lifted the FA Cup in 1949, beating Leicester City 3-1 at Wembley. However, Crook lost his place in the 1952–53 season to Ron Flowers and left for Walsall in October 1954.
He spent two seasons in the Third Division with the "Saddlers" then dropped into the non-league with Wellington Town before retiring in 1960 aged 34.
After giving up the game, he worked as a structural draughtsman for an engineering company in Darlaston, a role he had already held part-time during his playing days.
Honours.
with Wolves

</doc>
<doc id="18306567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306567" title="Heart of the Heartland">
Heart of the Heartland

Music from "Heart of the Heartland" was used by Ken Burns for the PBS documentary "" and his arrangement of "Sweet Betsy from Pike" was used in Burns' "Mark Twain". "Dakota Themes" featured in the film "Into The Wild" (2007).
Track listing.
All songs by Peter Ostroushko unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18306607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306607" title="Ganadera Santa Fe de Sollocota">
Ganadera Santa Fe de Sollocota

Ganadera Santa Fe de Sollocota was an estate ("hacienda") located in Azángaro District, in Azángaro Province, in the Puno Region of Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="18306613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306613" title="Harwood Dale">
Harwood Dale

Harwood Dale is a village and civil parish in the Scarborough 
district of North Yorkshire, England. It is located within the North York Moors National Park.
According to the 2001 UK census, Harwood Dale parish had a population of 134.
The parish council is Hackness & Harwood Dale Group Parish Council which covers the six parishes of Broxa-cum-Troutsdale, Darncombe-cum-Langdale End, Hackness, Harwood Dale, Silpho and Suffield-cum-Everley. The ruined Chapel of St Margaret was built in memory of Margaret, Lady Hoby (1571–1633) of Hackness, who kept what is thought to be the oldest extant diary by a woman in English.

</doc>
<doc id="18306616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306616" title="Oleg Sergeyev">
Oleg Sergeyev

Oleg Vyacheslavovich Sergeyev () (born 29 March 1968 in Volgograd) is a retired Russian football player. Currently, he works as an assistant coach with FK Vardar.
International career.
Sergeyev made his debut for USSR on 23 May 1991 in a friendly against Argentina. He scored both of his national team goals in friendlies against United States: for CIS on 2 February 1992 and for Russia on 13 February 1993. He was not selected for the UEFA Euro 1992 squad.

</doc>
<doc id="18306632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306632" title="Kathy Smith (filmmaker)">
Kathy Smith (filmmaker)

Kathy Smith (born 1963) is an Australian independent filmmaker, painter, photographer, and Associate Professor with the John C. Hench Division of Animation and Digital Arts (DADA), USC School of Cinematic Arts. She has been the Chair of DADA since 2004. 
Smith was born in Taree, New South Wales. She graduated from the Sydney College of the Arts in 1985. Shortly after graduation, she was awarded the Sydney Morning Herald Traveling Arts Scholarship for Painting. She received the Desiderius Orban Art Award in 1986. Her films have screened "internationally, including SIGGRAPH N-Space Art Gallery, Sundance Film Festival, New York Digital Salon, Hiroshima, Anima Mundi, and Ottawa International Animation Festivals [... she] has exhibited internationally at group and solo exhibitions such as Institute of Contemporary Art, London, Conservatorio di Santa Maria degli Angeli, Florence, Italy, and the Australian National Gallery, Canberra." Her body of work includes the award-winning animated film, "Indefinable Moods" (2001).

</doc>
<doc id="18306633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306633" title="Msoura">
Msoura

Msoura (also "Mzoura") is the site of a stone circle of northern Morocco. It is located 25 kilometres south of Asilah and consists of 167 monoliths surrounding a tumulus of almost 55 metres of diameter. One of the monoliths, known as "El Uted" (the pointer) measures more than 5 m.
Legend claims it is the tomb of the giant Antaeus.
Recently connected (2009) by a new tarmac road to the coastal town of Asilah, but in Summer 2011, the road was in pretty bad shape and shouldn't be attempted in wet weather.
External links.
Until better rural road mapping is available, this OpenStreetMaps link shows roads connecting Asilah and Msoura based on actual GPS tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18306647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306647" title="Matt Valenti">
Matt Valenti

Matt Valenti (born April 12, 1984, Newton, New Jersey) is a two-time NCAA Division I national champion wrestler from the University of Pennsylvania. He won the 133 pound weight class at the NCAA tournament in both 2006 and 2007 and finished in 5th place in 2004 at 125 pounds. He is currently an assistant coach at the University of Pennsylvania.
Career.
Matt currently holds Penn's career win record with 137 collegiate victories. He was a three-time EIWA champion, a four-time NCAA qualifier, and three-time first team All-Ivy selection. He was celebrated twice as EIWA Wrestler of the Year and was the Ivy League Wrestler of the Year in 2007.
Matt was recruited and brought to Penn by former coach Roger Reina, but was coached to both national titles by former coach, Zeke Jones.
Valenti, a Stillwater Township, New Jersey native, attended Kittatinny Regional High School where he was a two-time New Jersey state champion. He also earned a Junior National title in freestyle his senior year.

</doc>
<doc id="18306648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306648" title="Instruments used in cardiology">
Instruments used in cardiology

Instruments used specially in cardiology are as follows:
__FORCETOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18306656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306656" title="Mzoura">
Mzoura

Mzoura may refer to,

</doc>
<doc id="18306665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306665" title="Magnus Olsen">
Magnus Olsen

Magnus Bernhard Olsen (Arendal, 28 November 1878Oslo, 16 January 1963) was a Norwegian linguist and a professor in Norse philology at the University of Oslo from 1908 to 1948. His writings on Norse paganism and interpretations of the names of Norwegian farms and other placenames were influential.
Biography.
After finishing school in 1896, Olsen studied at the University of Oslo and received his Candidatus philologiæ degree in 1903. From 1899 onwards, he worked as an assistant at the University Library; from 1902 he was assistant to the almost blind Sophus Bugge. After 1904 he received a stipend. In 1908, at the age of 30, he was chosen to succeed Bugge as Professor of Old Norse and Icelandic Language and Literature; in 1921 the department was renamed Norse Philology.
During his lifetime, Olsen was one of the most prominent and best known scholars in his field. His publications included 7 volumes of Eddic and skaldic poetry with commentary, and also several volumes on runic inscriptions: after assisting Sophus Bugge in completing publication of the inscriptions in the Elder Futhark, he published the first 5 volumes on the inscriptions in the Younger Futhark. Although he took magical interpretations of runic inscriptions further than do later scholars, they were always on a reasoned basis. He assisted as joint editor and editor of 3 volumes in the completion of Oluf Rygh's "Norske Gaardnavne". He is best known for the framework he established for dating placenames and relating them to religion and society in the pre-Christian era, which he presented in two books, "Hedenske Kulturminder i Norske Stedsnavne" ("Heathen Cultural Remnants in Norwegian Placenames" - 1915) and "Ættegård og Helligdom, Norske Stednavn Sosialt og Religionshistorisk Belyst" (1926, translated into English as "Farms and Fanes of Ancient Norway: The Place-Names of a Country Discussed in Their Bearings on Social and Religious History", 1928). "Hva våre stedsnavn lærer oss" ("What Our Placenames Teach Us" - 1934) is a succinct introduction to the subject.
Olsen founded the journal "Maal og Minne" in 1909, and edited it for 40 years. His article in the first issue, "Fra gammelnorsk myte og kultus," was in itself an important contribution to the study of Germanic religion, interpreting "Skírnismál" in terms of the "hieros gamos". His inaugural lecture in 1908 had had the same title and topic. In 1941, during World War II, Magnus Olsen was chosen "dekanus" (Dean) at the university after Francis Bull was arrested. In 1952 he was honoured with a state pension. 
Personal life.
He became a Commander of the Order of St. Olav in 1945. He was a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters from 1904, a member of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters, and a Knight in the Icelandic Order of the Falcon and the Swedish Order of the Polar Star. 
In 1912 he married Gjertrud Mathilde Kjær, daughter of Albert Kjær, librarian at the Oslo Public Library and head librarian at the University Library. Ludvig Holm-Olsen, professor of Old Norse philology at the University of Bergen, was his nephew.

</doc>
<doc id="18306700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306700" title="Sanyuanqiao">
Sanyuanqiao

Sanyuanqiao may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18306709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306709" title="Instruments used in dermatology">
Instruments used in dermatology

Instruments used specially in dermatology are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18306716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306716" title="Prince Philip Designers Prize">
Prince Philip Designers Prize

The Prince Philip Designers Prize is an annual design recognition given by the Design Council and awarded by Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh who also chairs the judging panel. It is the longest running design award in the United Kingdom, having been started in 1959 as the Prize for Elegant Design. The recognition is on the basis of "a design career which has upheld the highest standards and broken new ground".

</doc>
<doc id="18306720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306720" title="Choi Pan-sul">
Choi Pan-sul

Choi Pan-sul(최판술 (崔判述)) is a minor character in Dae Jang Geum. He is the brother of Choi Seong-geum. Choi is a very wealthy and powerful but corrupt and evil merchant of the upper class yangban. Together with his sister, he monopolizes on the goods used in the Royal Kitchen for a huge profit. Choi has an alliance with Right Prime Minister Oh Gyeom-ho to gain political and economic power, which Choi already has a lot of. When the Choi family's crimes are discovered, Choi dies in episode 48 while he is being taken to a government mine as a government slave. Choi is played in the series by Lee Hee-do (이희도 (李熙道)).

</doc>
<doc id="18306722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306722" title="Rubble Creek">
Rubble Creek

Rubble Creek is a creek in southwestern British Columbia, Canada. It flows northwest into Cheakamus Creek near Mount Garibaldi.

</doc>
<doc id="18306738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306738" title="Instruments used in endocrinology">
Instruments used in endocrinology

Instruments used specially in Endocrinology are as follows:
__Forcetoc__
Instrument list.
"Vide":

</doc>
<doc id="18306744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306744" title="Merogais">
Merogais

Merogais (, ) was an early Frankish king, who, along with his co-ruler Ascaric, is the earliest Frankish ruler known. He was an enemy of the Roman Empire. Merogais is mentioned in the "Panegyrici latini" (anonymous VI and VII) and by Eutropius and Eumenius. The very existence of Merogais depends on the manuscript reading of Johann Kaspar Zeuss. The sentence which names the two kings begins with "Asacari" or "Assaccari" in all manuscripts, but it ends with the corrupt forms "cinere gaisique", "cumero geasique", "cymero craisique", and "cymero caisique". Zeuss reads those sentences as ending respectively "cum Neregaisique", "cum Merogeasique", "cum Merocraisique", and "cum Merocaisique", each meaning as "and with Merogais". 
In 306 he and Ascaric led a Frankish raid into across the Rhine southern Gaul while Constantine the Great was campaigning against the Picts in Britannia. Apparently the two had made a previous agreement with Rome, since Constantine sought to punish them as traitors upon his return. The two chieftains were defeated, captured, and executed "for their past crimes", an act which "bound with fear the slippery loyalty of the whole race," according to one of the emperor's anonymous panegyrists. The execution took place in one of the chief cities of Gaul, probably Trier, and the two Franks and their followers were torn apart by animals in the amphitheatre before a large crowd. Their defeat was followed by the subjection of the Bructeri.

</doc>
<doc id="18306785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306785" title="Down in the Valley">
Down in the Valley

Down in the Valley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18306801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306801" title="Instruments used in gastroenterology">
Instruments used in gastroenterology

Instruments used specially in Gastroenterology are as follows:
__FORCETOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18306802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306802" title="Showdown with Larry Elder">
Showdown with Larry Elder

Showdown with Larry Elder was an hour-long political commentary show on Fox News hosted by Larry Elder. It aired just one time, on Saturday, July 5, 2008 at 8 PM.

</doc>
<doc id="18306805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306805" title="Johann von Dumreicher">
Johann von Dumreicher

Johann von Dumreicher, fully Johann Friedrich Freiherr Dumreicher von Österreicher (January 13, 1815, Trieste – January 16, 1880, Jecanušev, near Zagreb) was an Austrian surgeon. He was the father of Armand von Dumreicher (1845–1908), a politician known for educational reforms.
He studied medicine at the University of Vienna, earning his doctorate in 1838. In 1844 he was habilitated as lecturer at Vienna, and in 1846 became primary physician of the surgical department at the "Allgemeinen Krankenhaus". In 1849 he was appointed professor of surgery, as well as head of the surgical clinic.
Known for his work in orthopedic medicine, his students and assistants included surgeons Eduard Albert (1841–1900) and Wenzel von Linhart (1821-1877), gynecologists Rudolf Kaltenbach (1842–1893) and Friedrich Schauta (1849–1919), obstetrician Ludwig Bandl (1842–1892) and surgeon Carl Nicoladoni (1847–1902).
Dumreicher distinguished himself in the Austro-Prussian War of 1866, and in 1869 became in charge of a commission tasked with reform and reorganization of Austrian military medicine. One of his better-known publications was an 1878 treatise titled "Über die Notwendigkeit von Reformen des Unterrichts an den medizinischen Fakultäten Österreichs", which dealt with the need of teaching reforms at Austrian medical faculties.
Dumreicher had professional differences regarding medical philosophy and methodology with surgeon Theodor Billroth (1829–1894), which resulted in a long-standing feud between the two doctors. Billroth became further angered when Dumreicher, just prior to his death in 1880, recommended Eduard Albert to be his successor as head of the First Department of Surgery at the University of Vienna. It was Billroth's contention that it was Vincenz Czerny (1845-1916), rather than Albert, who deserved the promotion.
His burial site is located at the Herzendorfer cemetery in Graz. Since 1953, in Donaustadt (22nd District- Vienna), the "Dumreichergasse" has been named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18306823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306823" title="Ascaric">
Ascaric

Ascaric or Ascarich () was an early Frankish war leader, who, along with his co-leader, Merogais, are the earliest known leaders explicitly called Frankish, although the name of the Franks is earlier.
The Germanic name is a compound of two elements, clearly identified as "asca-" "ash tree" and -"riks" "ruler".
Historical incident involving Ascaric and Merogais.
Sources.
The sources for the appearance of Ascaric and Merogais in history are few, but were written within a few years of their deaths in contemporary times. They are considered reliable. They are mentioned in a collection of recorded speeches from the period called the "Panegyrici latini". These were numbered more or less at random. Only three of the twelve are concerned with the Frankish invasions of Gaul in the late 3rd and early 4th centuries: numbers IV, VI and VII. Only VI provides any significant detail. The authors of VI and VII, conventionally entitled "Panegyric of Constantine" and "Panegyric of Maximian and Constantine" respectively, remain unknown and are therefore typically called "anonymous." Number IV, the earliest, which precedes any of the events involving the two war leaders, is termed "Eumenius for the Restoration of the Schools" because in it the orator quotes a letter from Constantius Chlorus identifying him as Eumenius. In addition Eutropius makes some mention of the period.
The earliest of the three panegyrics, IV, delivered at Lyon or Autun by Eumenius to the governor of the province, which was probably Lugdunensis II between the Seine and the Loire, on the occasion of a visit, begs the governor to restore the Maenianae school of Autun, and contributes his own salary to the effort. Only background information about the Franks is given. They assisted the pretender Carausius, temporary ruler of Britain and parts of Gaul. When the imperial government stabilized after a dynastic struggle, Constantius Chlorus reconquered northwestern Gaul, ejected the Franks from there and proceeded to the liberation of Britain. The speech, made in 297 or 298, immediately after the reconquest, in the ruins of the city, presented a letter from Constantius expressing his desire to do something for the children of Gaul and appointing Eumenius, a member of the imperial staff, whose grandfather had been headmaster, to rebuild the school.
Panegyric VII is a speech delivered to Constantine I on the occasion of his taking the senior emperor's, Maximian's, daughter in marriage in 307. By then the Franks have been cleared out of Gaul a second time. The two chiefs have just been executed. The mood is festive. The speaker brags of the treatment meted out to the treacherous Franks. The mood did not last, as once again the emperors became embroiled in conflict. By 310 Maximian is dead, his daughter repudiated, and Constantine is senior emperor. An uneasy peace has been restored in Gaul.
In Panegryric VI, on the anniversary of the foundation of Trier a middle-aged school-teacher from Autun and former member of the imperial court addresses the emperor, guest of the celebration, at the beginning of August. He could be Eumenius, but there is no proof that he is. The emperor has just successfully struck a blow against the Bructeri. The speaker reveals the details but a note of fear manages to pervade the speech. Let the Franks retaliate, he says. We know they can cross the Rhine anywhere at any time they choose. Our defense is such terror that they will fear even to approach the bank. There are forts and ships on every landing place. We don't fear them.
Eutropius has only the summary statement that Constantine, having defeated the Franks and the Alamanni, had their kings torn to pieces by wild beasts in the arena.
Accession of Constantine.
According to Panegyric VI, the young Constantine I began his reign by suppressing Frankish raids across the Rhine in the country of the later Ripuarian Franks (who may well have been known by that name, but more likely only after they had settled in Lower Germany). Motivated by the desire to restore the peace by quelling "some contemptible band of barbarians who tested the very beginnings of your reign with a sudden attack and unexpected brigandage," he brought an army back from Britain, where his father, Constantius Chlorus, Augustus of the empire, had been conducting a punitive campaign against the Picts in 305. Chlorus died at York of natural causes in 306 after a successful campaign. On his deathbed he asked that the troops proclaim his son Augustus in his place. After a quick voice vote shouted throughout the camp they "threw the purple" (an imperial robe) over him as he wept. He attempted to escape by horse but the empire pursued and brought him back. Accepting the command he proceeded "to punish with the ultimate penalty the kings of Francia themselves, who took the opportunity of your [his father's absence to violate the peace."
The command was subsequently confirmed by the senior emperor, Galerius, who insisted he take the role of Caesar, or junior emperor. Rome had been sharing the burdensome and dangerous highest office between multiple emperors for some time, at that time two, junior and senior. Dynastic struggles were a frequent distraction, which the Franks could always be counted on to expolit to the fullest, from which they acquired the reputation of being "mobile", "treacherous," a serious character flaw in the Roman ethic, and one always punished severely.
The Frankish expedition.
In 306 Ascaric and Merogais led a Frankish raid across the Rhine into southern Gaul while Constantius Chlorus was campaigning against the Picts in Britannia. Apparently the Franks or the Bructeri (their tribe) had made a previous agreement with Rome, since Chlorus' successor, his son Constantine I, sought to punish them as traitors upon his return. The two chieftains were defeated, captured, and executed "for their past crimes", an act which "bound with fear the slippery loyalty of the whole race," according to one of the emperor's anonymous panegyrists. The execution took place in one of the chief cities of Gaul, probably Trier, Constantine's capital in Gaul, and the two Franks and their followers were torn apart by animals in the amphitheatre before a large crowd. Their defeat was followed by a punitive expedition against the tribe from which they had conducted the raid, the Bructeri.
Retaliation against the Bructeri.
Having made an example of the two war leaders, Constantine judged that it was not enough of an object lesson. In addition, "so that the enemy should not merely grieve over the punishment of their kings," he determined to conduct a punitive raid on the Bructeri, presumably the tribe of the two leaders. The Romans viewed them as important kings of the Franks. They were probably not that, as the term Francia comprised all the tribes on the right bank of the Rhine. They had undoubtedly followed the Frankish custom of proposing an expedition, which the subsequent action of the Romans supports, and therefore their status could have been any of respect and import. As war chiefs, they were commanders of the expedition. Constantine was going to hold responsible all the villages that had supported the expedition.
The Bructeri were located in the vicinity Wuppertal, opposite the site of the future Düsseldorf, not far downstream from the Frankish city of Cologne, later the capital city of the Ripuarian Franks. They were relative newcomers to the area, having been allowed to settle there from further downstream by the Ubii. Constantine struck the Bructeri in 308 by surprise to prevent them from escaping through the woods and marshes. He killed or captured the target population with their herds and burned several villages. He then made a selection:"The adults who were captured, those whose untrustworthiness made them unfit for military service and whose ferocity for slavery, were given over to the amphitheater for punishment, and their great numbers wore out the raging beasts."
He did not depopulate the tribe or the region, as they remained to participate in subsequent historical events, nor did he subject them. The limits of the empire remained the Rhine river. Moreover, the Panegyric implies that, not only were Franks serving in the Roman military, but that Frankish prisoners of war might be given that option as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18306832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306832" title="Ecosystem Management Decision Support">
Ecosystem Management Decision Support

The Ecosystem Management Decision Support (EMDS) system is an application framework for knowledge-based decision support of ecological analysis and planning at any geographic scale. 
EMDS integrates state-of-the-art geographic information system (GIS) as well as logic programming and decision modeling technologies in the Microsoft Windows environment to provide decision support for a substantial portion of the adaptive management process of ecosystem management.
EMDS uses Criterium DecisionPlus from InfoHarvest, Inc. and NetWeaver from Rules of Thumb, Inc. as core components. The NetWeaver component performs logic-based evaluation of environmental data, and logically synthesizes evaluations to infer the state of landscape features such as watersheds (e.g., watershed condition). The DecisionPlus component prioritizes landscape features with respect to user-defined management objectives (e.g., watershed restoration), using summarized outputs from NetWeaver as well as additional logistical information considered important to the decision maker(s). See the #Applications section below for a current list of published papers by application area.
EMDS was originally developed by the United States Forest Service, but is currently developed and maintained by The Redlands Institute of the University of Redlands.
Several citations provide extensive background on the EMDS system and its potential applications. 

</doc>
<doc id="18306838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306838" title="Andriy Sydelnykov">
Andriy Sydelnykov

Andriy Anatoliyovych Sydelnykov (, ) (born 27 September 1967 in Rovenky, Ukrainian SSR) is a retired Soviet Union and Ukrainian football player.
International career.
Sidelnikov made his debut for Soviet Union on 23 November 1990 in a friendly against Trinidad and Tobago.

</doc>
<doc id="18306863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306863" title="Instruments used in urology">
Instruments used in urology

Instruments used specially in Urology are as follows:
__FORCETOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18306880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306880" title="Battle of the Combahee River">
Battle of the Combahee River

The Battle of the Combahee River was a skirmish of the American Revolutionary War fought on August 26, 1782, near Beaufort, South Carolina, one of many such unimportant confrontations to occur before the British evacuated Charleston in December 1782. Of note is the death of 27-year-old Colonel John Laurens, "one of the bravest and most gallant of the American officers."
Background.
British forces had essentially been under siege in Charleston since late 1781 due to the activity of General Nathanael Greene’s forces in the area. General Alexander Leslie requested a truce in March 1782 and permission to purchase food for his garrison and for the inhabitants of the city. When Greene refused, General Leslie announced his intention to resume his armed forays to seize provisions by force. Greene created a 300-man light brigade of infantry and cavalry under the command of General Mordecai Gist of Maryland to oppose such forays.
On August 21, General Leslie sent out two foraging expeditions. One went out to St. Helena's Parish, and the other, under Major William Brereton, went up the Combahee River. When Greene learned of these movements, he sent Gist's force to the Combahee to oppose Brereton's movements. Gist arrived at the north bank of the river on the 25th, but Brereton had already arrived and taken control of the ferry. Gist learned the next day that 300 of Brereton's men had crossed the river, so he sent a detachment over to deal with them, while he sent Laurens with 50 Delaware infantry and artillery captain with a howitzer to man a redoubt at Chehaw Point, where they might fire on the British as they came downriver. Laurens spent that evening visiting with friends who lived on the way, and left for Chehaw Point at about 3 am on the morning of August 27.
Battle.
The British had anticipated Gist's maneuvers and had quietly drifted downriver. Before Laurens could reach Chehaw Point, 150 soldiers set up an ambush along the road to the point. Gist discovered the British departure at 4 am and immediately led 150 cavalry after Laurens.
While sources disagree whether Laurens ordered an attack or was surprised in the ambush, battle was engaged, and Laurens fell with mortal wounds in the first volley. The artillery captain also fell, as did others, and the troops retreated in disarray, leaving the howitzer behind. Gist and the cavalry arrived in time to cover their retreat, but he was unable to recover the howitzer or dislodge the British from their position.
Aftermath.
The British eventually returned to their boats, and Brereton's men continued to forage while Gist dealt with the aftermath of the battle. Laurens and one other man died on the field, and 19 more were wounded.

</doc>
<doc id="18306893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306893" title="National Tractor Pullers Association">
National Tractor Pullers Association

The National Tractor Pullers Association (NTPA) is a national tractor pulling sanctioning body in the United States. It was born of a need to unify the rules and classes in the sport of truck and tractor pulling.
History.
The NTPA was founded in 1969 by representatives of eight states (Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio, and Pennsylvania) to establish uniform rules and provide structure to the sport of truck and tractor pulling. Throughout the years, the NTPA has been instrumental in implementation of safety standards in the sport, and is the governing body from which most other truck and tractor pulling organizations, foreign or domestic, copy their rules. Since 1987, the NTPA has been managed by the World Pulling International, Inc, which also is a marketing department and publications department of the NTPA.
Divisions.
Super National.
Several times per year, large events are held in key locations for certain classes. These events are televised on RFD-TV.
Grand National.
The NTPA's Grand National Division comprises varying classes ranging from Farm Stock to the Diesel Four Wheel Drives. It is a touring series, and holds events throughout the US and Canada.
Regional National.
Th NTPA's Regional National classes are the ones most often seen at local events, and county and/or state fairs.
Pulling Classes.
Stock.
These are the pulling tractors that look like their stock counterparts, and MUST retain stock sheet metal, as per NTPA rules. Although John Deere and International tractors are the most prevalent, most other big-name makes are represented throughout the stock classes. While most of these classes mandate the use of diesel fuel only, the Super Stock Open tractors are allowed to use alcohol as a fuel source.
Stock Classes
Modified.
Modified Classes
Mini Modifieds.
These unique vehicles look a bit like the modified tractors, but sport smaller tires, and only a single automotive-type engine.<br>
Mini Rod Class
TWD (Two Wheel Drive Trucks).
Nicknamed "Funny cars" by competitors, these high powered pulling machines do tend to look a bit like Funny Car dragsters. They feature elongated bodies, and oversized rear tires. Most also have "blowers" sticking through their hoods. In the late 1990s, the NTPA outlawed the use of T-Bucket roadsters in the TWD class. Recent years have seen the return of these popular open cockpit pulling trucks.<br>
TWD Class
FWD (Four Wheel Drive Trucks).
Looking the closest to their stock counterparts in the truck classes, the FWD, or Four Wheel Drive class actually is a highly modified class. FDW is the only class that has steerable drive wheels (The Semi classes have 4 driving wheels, but all 4 axles are straight). Although the 4x4 Super Stock Diesel Trucks run on diesel fuel, the other FWD classes have the choice of using either methanol or gasoline, with most competitors choosing methanol.<br>
FWD Classes
Semi.
The semi classes are the closest to stock form of all of the NTPA classes. Looking like, using stock engine blocks, and stock frames, these are also the heaviest of all of the classes, with a maximum weight of 20,000 pounds.<br>
Semi Classes
TV.
In 2005, the NTPA and satellite/cable network RFD-TV inked a multi-year deal to air National Tractor Pulling on its network. All Super National events, a select few Grand National events, and the Enderly Pull-off events are aired. 26 new episodes will be aired each year, with the entire series being repeated again later in the year. The new show airs on Tuesdays at 6:30 pm, with re-airs on Wednesday Mornings at 3:30 am and 10:30 am, and Saturday at 3:pm. All times are Eastern Standard Time (EST).
Various tractors from the NTPA have appeared on the History Channel's program Modern Marvels 12th season episode "".
NTPA tractors have also appeared on Discovery Network's Travel Channel show "Kings of the Road" episode "Tractor Pull Showdown."

</doc>
<doc id="18306899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306899" title="Racine Avenue (Metra station)">
Racine Avenue (Metra station)

Racine Avenue is a commuter rail station along the Blue Island Branch of the Metra Electric line in the West Pullman neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois. The station is officially located at Racine Avenue, South of 120th Street, and is away from the northern terminus at Randolph Street Station. In Metra's zone-based fare system, Racine Avenue Station is in zone D.
Racine Avenue station is the last station along the Blue Island Branch within the Chicago city limits. Parking is available exclusively along 121st Street between South Elizabeth and South Racine Avenues. No bus connections are available at this station. 

</doc>
<doc id="18306901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306901" title="Isoberlinia doka">
Isoberlinia doka

Isoberlinia doka is a hardwood tree native to African tropical savannas and Guinean forest-savanna mosaic dry forests where it can form single species stands. The tree is exploited for its economic value as a commercial timber. The leaves and shoots of the tree dominate the diet of the Giant Eland in its range. The tree is a host plant for "Anaphe moloneyi" (superfamily Thaumetopoeidae) one of the caterpillars that produces a wild silk, sayan, local to parts of Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="18306915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306915" title="The Godfather (1991 video game)">
The Godfather (1991 video game)

The Godfather is a DOS-based game that was released on six floppy disks and had five levels of gameplay. The plot revolves around all three films in the trilogy. The game levels reflect the locations which were seen in the movies, including the streets of New York City, Miami, and the village of Corleone in Sicily.
Gameplay.
"The Godfather" is a side scrolling shooter with occasional first person shooter sequences. The object of the game consists of getting to the end of the levels while shooting enemy gangsters on the street. The player must be careful not to hit any innocent people, or the game will end. At the end of every level, there is a boss, as well as brief mini games which must be completed to proceed in the game. The last level consists of taking down an enemy helicopter while protecting Michael Corleone; this scene was featured in the third film, when Michael has a reunion with the family members.

</doc>
<doc id="18306917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306917" title="Allene Jeanes">
Allene Jeanes

Allene R. Jeanes was an American chemical researcher, whose studies focused mainly on carbohydrates and the development of Dextran, a substance that replaced plasma in the Korean War. A member of the American Chemical Society, Jeanes published over 60 works, compiled 24 presentations, and received ten patents.
Biography.
Early years.
Education.
Jeanes was born July 19, 1906, in Waco, Texas. 22 years later in 1928, she received a bachelor's degree from Baylor University. Shortly afterwards in 1929, Jeanes obtained a master's degree from the University of California.
Middle years.
Employment.
From 1930 to 1935, Jeanes was employed as the head science teacher at Athens College in Atlanta, Georgia. Afterwards, she held a position as chemistry instructor at the University of Illinois. From 1938 to 1940, Jeanes served as a corn industries research foundation fellow for the NIH and USPHS, then served as a chemical researcher from 1941 until 1976 for the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Northern Regional Research Center.
Later life.
Jeanes died in 1995.
Awards.
1953 - Distinguished Service Award from the USDA.
1956 - Garvan Medal from the American Chemical Society.
1962 - Federal Woman’s Service Award from the U.S. Civil Service Commission.
1999 - posthumously inducted into the ARS Science Hall of Fame for her works in microbiological research that created life-saving polymers made from agricultural products.

</doc>
<doc id="18306918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306918" title="Scott Campbell">
Scott Campbell

Scott Campbell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18306919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306919" title="Richard Franko Goldman">
Richard Franko Goldman

Richard Franko Goldman (December 7, 1910 - January 19, 1980)
was a conductor, educator, author, music critic, and composer.
Born Richard Henry Maibrunn Goldman (Maibrunn being his mother's family name), he adopted the same middle name as his father, the conductor Edwin Franko Goldman, whose middle name came from the latter's mother's musical family.
After graduating from Townsend Harris High School in Manhattan, New York, Richard Goldman attended Columbia University, graduating in 1930 with an A.B. (with honors). After a year of graduate study at Columbia, he then went to Paris to study composition with Nadia Boulanger. He also studied privately with Wallingford Riegger. During World War II he served in the Office of Strategic Services.
He was associate conductor 1937-1956 and then succeeded his father as conductor of the Goldman Band of New York City. He led that band from 1956 until poor health caused him to stop conducting in the summer of 1979. He dissolved the band, but it returned to perform as the Guggenheim Concerts Band in 1980 and the Goldman Memorial Band in 1984.
He taught at the Juilliard School 1947-1960 and was a visiting professor at Princeton University 1952-1956. He also was director of the Peabody Conservatory of Music in Baltimore, Maryland 1968-1977 and president of the Peabody Institute 1969-1977. He was initiated as a national honorary member of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia music fraternity in 1969.
Amongst his compositions are the Lee Rigg (1942) for orchestra, Sonata for Violin and Piano (1964), and a Duo for Tubas or bassoons (1950). He also wrote several marches, including The Foundation, Pride of the 97, National Intercollegiate Band (named for the Kappa Kappa Psi and Tau Beta Sigma-sponsored ensemble), and Seaside Park. His contributions to The Musical Quarterly as New York critic ensured early recognition to Wallingford Riegger, Henry Cowell, and Elliott Carter.
Personal life.
He married Alexandra Rienzi on June 8, 1934. Together they had one child, Daniel Franko Goldman. Richard Franko Goldman died aged 69 at Mercy Hospital in Baltimore.

</doc>
<doc id="18306945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306945" title="South Street Historic District (Brockton, Massachusetts)">
South Street Historic District (Brockton, Massachusetts)

South Street Historic District is a historic district on South Street from Main Street to Warren Avenue in Brockton, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18306952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306952" title="Central Fire Station (Brockton, Massachusetts)">
Central Fire Station (Brockton, Massachusetts)

Central Fire Station is an historic fire station on 40 Pleasant Street in Brockton, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1884 and added to the National Historic Register in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18306960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306960" title="Bakhva Tedeyev">
Bakhva Tedeyev

Bakhva Otarovich Tedeyev (, ) (born 18 September 1969 in Tskhinvali) is a retired Russian football player. He was the head coach of FC Alania Vladikavkaz in 2002, 2003 and 2005.
International career.
Tedeyev made his debut for Russia on 13 February 1993 in a friendly against United States. He scored his first goal for Russia four days later in another friendly, against El Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="18306965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306965" title="Curtis Building">
Curtis Building

Curtis Building is an historic building at 105-109 Main Street in Brockton, Massachusetts, USA.
The building was constructed in 1898 and added to the National Historic Register in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18306979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306979" title="Reformed Catholic Church">
Reformed Catholic Church

Reformed Catholic Church may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18306981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306981" title="D.W. Field Park">
D.W. Field Park

D.W. Field Park is an historic park between Pond Street, Avon and Pleasant Street in Brockton, Massachusetts.
The park was added to the National Historic Register in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18306990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306990" title="Myron McCormick">
Myron McCormick

Born Walter Myron McCormick (February 8, 1908 – July 30, 1962) in Albany, Indiana, he was an American actor of stage, radio and film.
Biography.
McCormick was the only cast member of the Broadway smash "South Pacific" to remain with the show for all 1,925 performances. He won a 1950 Tony Award for his portrayal of sailor Luther Billis. He later was featured on Broadway from 1955-1957 in the military comedy "No Time for Sergeants" and repeated his role as Sergeant King for the 1958 film version starring Andy Griffith.
To movie audiences, he is possibly best remembered from 1961's "The Hustler" as Charlie, the partner of pool shark "Fast Eddie" Felson (Paul Newman). McCormick was an alumnus of Princeton University, where he was a Phi Beta Kappa.
He became a featured performer in many popular radio dramas of the 1940s. He also made guest appearances on numerous television programs of the 1950s/early 1960s, including "The Untouchables", "Naked City", "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "The Donna Reed Show", "Way Out" and "The Iceman Cometh (1960 TV production)". McCormick was also known for his portrayal of "Colonel Ralph Bryant" in the 1949 movie "Jolson Sings Again".
Death.
He died in New York City on July 30, 1962 from cancer, aged 54.

</doc>
<doc id="18306993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306993" title="Old Post Office Building (Brockton, Massachusetts)">
Old Post Office Building (Brockton, Massachusetts)

Old Post Office Building is an historic building on Crescent Street in Brockton, Massachusetts.
The Colonial Revival style post office was built in 1898 and expanded in 1932.
The building was renovated in 1977 and became home of the Brockton Public Schools central administration offices. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18306997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18306997" title="Moses Packard House">
Moses Packard House

Moses Packard House is an historic house at 647 Main Street in Brockton, Massachusetts.
The Queen Anne-style house was built in 1897 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
The house now serves as the Dahlborg-MacNevin Funeral Home.

</doc>
<doc id="18307001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307001" title="List of Nigar awards">
List of Nigar awards

The Nigar awards are divided in three sections, i.e., Urdu, Punjabi and Pushto film awards, for Punjabi films Nigar awards started from 1970 (In 1967 and 1968 Nigar Award for best Punjabi film was awarded). Following is the list of Nigar awards to Urdu films from 1957 to 2002 and Nigar awards to Punjabi films from 1970 to 2002:

</doc>
<doc id="18307005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307005" title="Gardner J. Kingman House">
Gardner J. Kingman House

Gardner J. Kingman House is an historic house at 309 Main Street in Brockton, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1886 and added to the National Historic Register in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18307006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307006" title="São Bento railway station">
São Bento railway station

São Bento Railway Station () is located in the city of Porto, in Portugal. Inaugurated in 1916, the historical station is known for its tile ("azulejo") panels that depict scenes of the History of Portugal. It is located in the Almeida Garret Square, in the centre of the city. It remains in regular use as a railway station, served by trains operated by Comboios de Portugal. 
History.
The name of the station derives from a Benedictine monastery built on this spot in the 16th century. The monastery fell victim of a fire in 1783, was later rebuilt, but was in a grave state of disrepair at the end of the 19th century. In the context of an expansion of the railway system in Portuguese territory, King Carlos I laid the first stone of the station in 1900. The project was entrusted to Porto architect José Marques da Silva, who designed a building under the influence of French Beaux-Arts architecture.
Services.
The station serves as the main terminus for Porto's suburban railways lines, and doesn't see much other service. It is also the western terminus for trains on the scenic Douro line to/from Pocinho. All trains leaving Sao Bento call at Campanha as their next station.
Tiles.
The most notable aspect of São Bento Station is the large, magnificent tile panels in the vestibule. The tiles numbers are 20 thousand, date from 1905–1916 and are the work of Jorge Colaço, the most important "azulejo" painter of the time. The first tiles were put up on 13 August 1905.
The panels depict landscapes, ethnographic scenes as well as historical events like the Battle of Valdevez (1140), the meeting of the knight Egas Moniz and Alfonso VII of León (12th century), the arrival of King John I and Philippa of Lancaster in Porto (1387) and the Conquest of Ceuta (1415).
Transport Links.
The station is near vintage tram line 22 and is connected to São Bento Metro Station on Metro line D.

</doc>
<doc id="18307009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307009" title="Mountain View, Alberta">
Mountain View, Alberta

Mountain View is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada within Cardston County. It is located along Highway 5 approximately west of Cardston and east of Waterton Lakes National Park near the United States border.
The hamlet is located in census division No. 3 and in the federal riding of Lethbridge. It is administered by Cardston County. It was originally named Fish Creek and named Mountain View in 1893. 
Demographics.
As a designated place in the 2011 Census, Mountain View had a population of 80 living in 32 of its 38 total dwellings, a 300% change from its 2006 population of 20. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.
As of 2006, Mountain View had a total population of 20 living in 14 dwellings. With a land area of , it has a population density of .

</doc>
<doc id="18307016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307016" title="Martin Delaney (actor)">
Martin Delaney (actor)

Martin Delaney (born June, 1982) is a British actor.
Life and career.
He started work in musical theatre, appearing in "Peter Pan - The British Musical" and "Oliver!" Following performances in the West End, Delaney swiftly moved into television with the Nickelodeon series, the "Renford Rejects". He played loveable Jason Summerbee, the captain of the useless Soccer team and appeared in the show for 4 years. "Renford Rejects" was Nickelodeon's first UK project and is considered a classic cult children's sit-com. In 2003, he was employed by the same team that made Renford Rejects to Direct episodes of a children's drama, The A-Z of everything and again in 2010 to direct on a pilot for Disney.
Delaney was nominated for the British Soap Awards for Best Young Actor (in 2000) and Best Actor (in 2001), both for his role of Paul Webb in "Family Affairs".
He also briefly starred in sitcom "Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps" where he played a stylist from Liverpool.
He also starred in New Zealand's highest rated home-grown drama, "Shortland Street", playing an attractive young chef from Scotland.
His TV career is made up of mostly primetime dramas and various comedies. He is from London but can often be seen using an accent other than his own and has played many Scottish, Irish and American characters.
Technically he has made three movies in Iceland. He starred in "Beowulf and Grendel" alongside Gerard Butler and Stellan Skarsgard, he played a role inUS marine in Clint Eastwood directed, "Flags of our Fathers" with Ryan Phillippe, both shot on location on the island. He also appeared as himself, lent his voice to and co-produced "Wrath of Gods", a feature documentary about the making of "Beowulf and Grendel". "Wrath of Gods" won many awards at a number of film festivals.
He was a co-writer of additional material for the British Comedy award nominated, "The Kevin Bishop Show", in 2008.
Also in film, he has made two smaller horror pictures. "Stormhouse" was released in the UK and the US, in which Delaney plays an American military technician Brandon Faber. In "Judas Ghost", he plays the lead Jerry Mackay, leader of a Ghost Finder team in a spin-off feature, to "New York Times" Best Seller, Simon R. Green's "Ghost Finder" Series.
In 2012, he appeared in a role inKathryn Bigelow]]'s film about the hunt for Osama Bin Laden, "Zero Dark Thirty".
As well as English, Delaney is fluent in German and French.

</doc>
<doc id="18307017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307017" title="Goldthwaite Block">
Goldthwaite Block

Goldthwaite Block is an historic block on 99-103 Main Street in Brockton, Massachusetts.
The block was built in 1892 and added to the National Historic Register in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18307022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307022" title="Forest Avenue School">
Forest Avenue School

Forest Avenue School is an historic school on Concord Avenue in Brockton, Massachusetts.
The school, originally located on Forest Avenue, was built in 1875 and operated until 1963. The building was moved to the (then) new Brockton High School grounds, on Concord Avenue, in 1969. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It currently serves as the Little Red Schoolhouse Museum with exhibits of local history.

</doc>
<doc id="18307024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307024" title="O'Boyle">
O'Boyle

O'Boyle is a surname of Irish origin. It is anglised from the Gaelic O'Baoighill. The derivation of the Gaelic/Irish is uncertain, but it is thought to be connected to the Irish word geall, meaning "pledge". 

</doc>
<doc id="18307030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307030" title="Franklin Block (Brockton, Massachusetts)">
Franklin Block (Brockton, Massachusetts)

Franklin Block is an historic site at 1102-1110 Main Street in Brockton, Massachusetts.
The Romanesque Revival-style block was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18307036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307036" title="Lyman Block">
Lyman Block

Lyman Block is an historic block at 83-91 Main Street in Brockton, Massachusetts.
The block was built in 1876 and added to the National Historic Register in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18307039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307039" title="Were-Hunter">
Were-Hunter

The beginning.
Lycaon, King of Arcadia, had a beautiful wife and two sons. Not knowing his wife was of the Apollite people (cursed by Apollo), he watched helplessly as she died horribly at the age of twenty-seven. Realizing his sons would meet the same fate, he attempted to circumvent the curse. Gathering as many Apollites as he could find, he began using arcane magic to change the people, trying to find a way to fool the gods.
Using these magicks, King Lycaon began splicing the essence of the Apollites with that of predatory animals, creating the first Were-Hunters. His experiments succeeded in circumventing the curse. Instead of living only twenty-seven years, they now lived for close to a thousand. Choosing the most powerful of the animals on which he had experimented, King Lycaon blended his sons with a dragon and a wolf.
For defying the will of a god, the Fates demanded that Lycaon kill his sons as punishment. When he refused, the Fates cursed the new race saying, "They will spend eternity hating and fighting until the day when the last of them breathes no more."
Whenever Lycaon blended an Apollite with an animal, he ended up with two new separate beings: one with an animal's heart and one with a human's. Thus the Katagaria and the Arcadians came to be.
Those directly descended from King Lycaon took the surname of Kattalakis.
Katagaria.
The Katagaria are the animal-hearted Weres. Born as animals, they can only become human at puberty when their magical powers are "unlocked". When a Katagaria sleeps or becomes unconscious, they revert to their base form, an animal. The Katagaria are very mistrustful of the Arcadians, because they believe humans are often deceptive. Katagaria follow the law of kill or be killed, preferring to attack when they feel threatened as opposed to waiting to be attacked themselves. The Katagaria only kill to defend themselves, their pack, or their territory.
The Katagarian "Strati" are a sort of soldier that seek out Rogue Arcadians, but will not engage an enemy unprovoked. On the other hand, there are some Katagaria who are unable to rein in the hedonistic impulses of their animal soul and succumb to madness. These Katagaria are referred to as "Slayers".
It is a common Katagarian tradition to mount their first kill on the wall of their home. It is also polite to refer to the Katagaria by their animal selves, though referring to them by the term "Were" is extremely insulting.
Arcadians.
The Arcadians are the human-hearted Weres, born as humans and can only become animals and harness their magical powers at puberty. When an Arcadian sleeps or becomes unconscious they revert to their base form, a human. The Arcadians feel that the Katagaria need to be closely monitored and controlled as to prevent them from being emotionless animals capable of killing without reason.
Arcadian soldiers, "Sentinals", usually travel in groups of four, and make it their main duty to track and kill Slayers. Only a few Sentinals are born to each patria and they are chosen by the Fates. Sentinals can be recognized by a geometric design covering one side of their face. The design is a birthmark that appears at maturity, though most prefer to use their powers to hide them.
Mating.
Mating is a serious affair in the Were-world. Mating is not just sex: it is the discovery of a soul mate. That soul mate is one chosen by the fates. As many animals mate for life, the prospect of finding a soul mate for most Weres is as natural as breathing.
For some species, mating involves a hunt or chase. For, the female must have reached maturity and be ready to receive the male. For some, it is just the divining of the proper pheromones. Than all of this animal instinct has to be weighed against the two Weres as humans, with all the pain and emotional baggage that goes with that.
Once the soul mates have discovered each other, beautiful Greek scroll-markings burn themselves into the palms of the male and female after they have sex. The markings mirror each other exactly, showing parental lineage and the ancient cipher can only be read by another Were. It looks a bit like a delicately detailed henna tattoo.
While they bear the mark, the couple must be careful as each will carry the scent of his or her mate. This complication has put a Were in mortal danger more than once. Once an enemy has pegged a Were, that Were will be tracked by his/her scent. A Were’s scent is the one thing he cannot change or hide with magic.
Once the mating marks appear, the couple has three weeks in which to consummate the mating - an act over which the female has total control. She is the one who must decide whether to take her partner into her body and accept him as a mate.
This is a tribute to the first law of Weres:”Nothing a woman gives is worth having unless she gives it of her own free will.”
If for any reason she does not, and the couple does not consummate their relationship within the allotted weeks, the Fates have declared that they must live out the rest of their very long lives without another mate. 
Such solitary damnation has less of a biological impact on the female of the species. She is still able to copulate with whomever she pleases-she just won’t ever be able to have any children.
Those are only the Fates’ laws, however. The clan laws are not so benevolent. They are strict about who and what they will allow into their patria, Fates be damned. In certain Arcadian groups, punishment for a female mating with a despised Katagria male is that she be “given” to the unmated men of the clan. Few women survive such a punishment.
If the male species were to be reject by his chosen soul mate, it would be just as cruel. He is not only rendered sterile, but also unable to perform the sexual act with any other woman, ever again, so long as his rejected mate lives.
To make it worse, it’s not something the couple can just change their minds later. The couple must make the decision within the allotted time, and they must make the right one. It’s forever. Their future depends on it.
Now, once mated, there are two classification of how strong the bond between each couple could possibly be: claimed mates and bonded mates.
Each couple is given the chance to decide whether or not to claim each other. Like almost every other decision in a Were’s life, the decision to bond or not to bond is once again eternal and irreversible.
In order to bond, during the consummation of their love the couple must clasp their mating-marked hands together. Then, each must recite the words of the Bonding Spell:
"I accept you as you are, and I will always hold you close in my heart. I will walk beside you forever."
Directly after the bonding spell, the Weres succumb to the thirio-their passionate animal instinct. They give in to their wild side, and their canine teeth elongate.
At this time, the couple can officially bond with each other by mutually sinking their teeth into each other, drinking their partner’s blood, and combining their life forces.
Just as it is the female’s choice to claim her mate, bonding is also totally within the female partner’s control. It’s easier to resist the thirio than resisting a soul mate.
The act of choosing to not claim her mate is more common practice among the indecisive female Arcadian Weres. Very few Katagaria females refuse their mates. To them, claiming your mate is simply accepted as the way things should be.
Once formally bonded, if one of the Were couple should die, the other will die as well. The only exception to this is if the female Were is with child. If a Were is pregnant when her mate dies (or is killed), she will outlive her partner only long enough to give birth to her litter. If the couple is not bonded, then when one mate dies, the other is free to mate again.
Most Wanted Katagaria.
Paris Sebastienne
Patria: Litarian (lion)
Last seen/Fought: Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, 1989.
Ilarion Konstantinus
Patria: Drakos (dragon)
Last seen/Fought: Toronto, 2002.
Icarus Kallikedes
Partia: Gerakian (falcon/hawk)
Last seen/Fought: Paris, 1860.
Jasyn Kallinos
Patria: Gerakian (falcon/hawk)
Last seen/Fought: Richmond, Virginia, 2000.
Lysander Stephanos
Patria: Tigerian (tiger)
Last seen/Fought: The wilds of the Orient, 1817.
Fang Kattalakis
Patria: Lykos (wolf)
Last seen/Fought: New Orleans, Louisiana, 2002
Vane Kattalakis
Patria: Lykos (wolf)
Last seen/Fought: New Orleans, Louisiana, 2002
Trey Xanatos aka Ax, Trion
Patria: Tigerian (tiger)
Last seen/Fought: Scotland, 1742
ANGELIA KATTALAKIS ~ 
Arcadian Sentinel.
Were Hunters- use magick to time jump- using invisible energy called Rytis to perform time jumping
LIA is mated to FURY KATTALAKIS- Arcadian born turned Katagaria on maturity
Arcadian soldiers, Sentinels, usually travel in groups of four, and make it their main duty to track and kill Slayers. Only a few Sentinals are born to each patria and they are chosen by the Fates. Sentinals can be recognized by a geometric design covering one side of their face. The design is a birthmark that appears at maturity, though most prefer to use their powers to hide them.
Apollonian, Leo.
An arcadian were-bear.
Gavril, Adrian.
This arcadian were-tiger represents his patria at the omegroin as the tigerian regis.
James, Alexander.
This arcadian were-panther rep. his patria at the omegroin as the Arcadian Panthiras Regis
Kattalakis, Antiphone.
(Deceased) Sister of Sebastien and Damos. Was killed by Bracis and his Katagaria in seventh century Britain. She was responsible for weaving the legendary dragon tapestry.
Kattalakis, Bryani.
An Arcadian Sentinal Lykos were-huntress, Mother to Vane, Fang, Anya, Fury, Dare and Star. She was captured and raped by a pack of katagaria and it was discovered she was mated to one of them (Markus). Bryani refused to complete the ritual, unfortunately she was already pregnant. After she gave birth she took the three children and left the three animals with their father to raise. Bryani and Markus were banished to a fifth-century arena on an island to battle each other for all eternity, by Acheron for Bryani's kidnapping and attempted rape on Vane's mate Bride.
Kattalakis, Damos.
Arcadian were-dragon, and Drakos Regis of the omegrion, Damos is the eldest of the direct Kattalakis Drakos descendants. Brother of Sebastian Kattalakis, and cousin of Darion. His parents along with 90% of his patria, died after a brutal slayer attack led by Darion.
Born: AD 330
Birthplace: Essex, England
Kattalakis, Dare.
Arcadian brother of Vane, Fang, Anya, Star, and Fury. Raised by Bryani
Born: AD 1463
Birthplace: Essex, England
Kattalakis, Dimitri.
Cousin to Damos, Sebastian, and Makis, brother to Persius. Anchor for his tessera and provides the stability they need.
Born: AD 812
Birthplace: Hexham, England
Kattalakis, Makis.
An Arcadian drakos born between Damos and Sabastian, Makis longs for the return of Sebastian and the reunification of their scattered patria.
Born: AD 535
Birthplace Wessex, England
Kattalakis, Sebastian.
Arcadian Sentinal Drakos were-hunter and the youngest of the direct Drakos Kattalakis Descendants. Sebastian is mated to a twenty-first century human, Dr. Channin Macrea.
Born: Oct. 3, 535
Biirthplace Hexham, England
Height 6 ft. 5
Hair/eyes Black/greenish-gold
Wereform Dragon with blood-red and black scales
Current location Richmond, Virginia
Featured story "Dragonswan"
Kattalakis, Star.
Arcadian sister of Vane, Fang, Anya, Fury and Dare. Star was raised by Bryani, along with her arcadian brother Dare.
Born: AD 1463
Birthplace Essex, England
Kattalakis, Theron.
(deceased) Arcadian Drakos was the identical twin to Makis. Died protecting their sister from slayers.
Born: AD 585
Birthplace: Wessex, England
Kattalakis, Vane.
An Arcadian sentinal, Lykos were-hunter and Aristo, Vane was born Katagaria, but changed to Arcadian at puberty (the opposite of brother Fury, who changed from being Arcadian to Kategaria). As an Aristo, his powers are legendary. While doing a favor for the Dark-Hunters, Daimons attacked his pack, killing Orion, the bonded mate of his beloved sister Anya. Because of their bonding, Anya would have died after her wolf pups were born, but before they were born, she was accidentally struck by taser, causing her to shift from her base form of a wolf to human, killing both her and her children instantly (see Bad Moon Rising). Because of this, their father Markus turned on both Vane as well as his brother Fang. They were subjected to a timoria, imprisoned in metriazo collars and left to die of the elements, alligators, or daimons - which ever got to them first. Vane managed to save himself and Fang, but Fang was wounded by the Daimons and left in a comatose state (which was discovered in Bad Moon Rising (Sherrilyn Kenyon) to be a bit more than just a normal coma). Vane took him to Sanctuary to recover from his wounds. He worked ten-hour days as a bartender at sanctuary, earning both his own keep and Fang's, but was later banished for attacking Stefan. His banishment was lifted after he mated and married Bride McTeirney in 2004. Vane currently represents the Arcadian Lykos patria at the Omegrion.
Born: AD 1463
Birthplace: Essex, England
Hair/eyes: Mottled dark brown/green
Wereform: solid white timber wolf
Featured novel: "Night Play"
Kontis, Dorian.
Nickname: Dori. An arcadian were-leopard and bro. to Ravyn Kontis. Dorian is the bonded mate of Terra and twin of Phoenix. He is a sentinal and rep. his patria at the omegrion as the arcadian pardalia regis.
Born: March 10 AD 675
Birthplace: Athens, Greece
Height: 6 ft 2
Wereform: Leopard
Current Location: Seattle, Washington
Kontis, Gareth.
Were-leopard is the father of Dorian, Phoenix and Ravyn Kontis. Owner of the Serengeti Club in Seattle, not formally bonded to his mate and survived when the were pack was slain by the humans.
Kontis, Georgette.
(deceased) Unbonded were-leopard mate of Phoenix Kontis. Killed along with her children when Isabeau betrayed the weres and the humans attacked the clan.
Kontis, Phoenix.
Nickname: Nix
Arcadian were-lepard sentinel, twin to Dorian Kontis, and reluctant bro. to Ravyn Kontis. Ravyn's murderer, when his bros. human mate betrayed the were pack that killed Georgette. Resides at the Serengeti Club with family.
Born: March 10 AD 675
Bithplace: Athens, Greece
Height: 6 ft 2
Wereform: Leopard
Current Location: Seattle, Washington
Kontis, Terra.
Wereleopard, Dorian's mate.
Hair/eyes Brown/ blue
Wereform Leopard
Current location Seattle, Washington
Kontis, Zatira.
(deceased) were-leopard and sister to Ravyn, Phoenix and Dorian. Zatira died with her family and village where humans attacked.
Kouti, Sefia.
Pandora Pontis's surviving sister, mated to a katagaria panther.
Pontis, Pandora.
Were Pantheress 
Hair/eyes brown/lavender
featured story "Winter Born"
(née Kouti) Arcadian were-pantheress is the wife and mate of Dante Pontis. Wears her husbands signet ring, an object used as a homing beacon.
Peltier, Aimee.
Arcadian Bearswan Aristos
Daughter of Omegrion Nicolette Peltier Mama Lo (Katagarian) and "Papa" Aubert an
Arcadian Sentinel and bartender at Sanctuary
Were-hunter slang/dictionary.
Archigos: Leader of the patria.
Aristos/Aristi: A rare breed of arcadian with the ability to wield magic effortlessly, Aristi are the most powerful and considered gods in the arcadian realm.
Book of dragons: Explains the origins of the arcadian Draki, taken from the library at Alexandria by Sebastian Kattalakis. Given to Channon Macrea as a birthday present.
Cresting: were-hunters at the height of their sexual peak.
Diki: Trial by combat in Were culture.
Dragon Tapestry Woven by Antiphone Kattalakis in seventeenth-century Britain, The tapestry tells the story of Lycaon and his brother. Embodies the origin of the Arcadian Draki and the eternal battle between good and evil.
Exoristos: Exiled Were, no member of the exiled Were's former patria is allowed to even speak his/her name.
Fazer: A dangerous sentinal weapon developed specifically for the Katagaria.
Filos: The Katagaria term for a male pack member.
Grand Regis: 1. The representative of either the Arcadian or Kattagarian species, Which means that there are two Grand Regis per species, one for the Arcadian half, and one for the Katagarian half. It should be noted that there are only 23, because all Arcadian Jaguars are extinct, due to them angering Savitar.
The Howlers: Sanctuary band, they play heavy metal.
Laminas/Limani: Atlantean term for "haven" portals between worlds (bolt-holes). Term used for any were-hunter sanctuary.
Metriazo Collar: Tiny silver collar sends tiny ionic pulses into the body of a were-hunter, thus preventing its victim from using his magic powers. Effectively stops a shape-shifter from changing shape, can only be removed by magic.
Nearas: virgin were females who are cresting.
Omega Wolf: the scapegoat of the pack whom everyone picks on.
Patria: Name for the family grouping of were-hunters of the same race and animal genes.
Regis: The leader of each individual were- hunter pack.
Rytis: The invisible stream of waves that move through everything in the natural world. Were-and Dream-hunters use the rytis to move through time and space.
Sentinels: Arcadian warriors chosen by the Moirae. Equivalent to the Katagarian Strati, they hunt Slayers and True Slayers.
Slayer: Katagarians that lose themselves to their animal impulse, and attack Arcadians. More violent and vicious Slayers are referred to as True Slayers. Slayers and True Slayers are hunted down by Sentinels, and are often disliked by brethren Katagaria for their violent nature.
Scooby: Derogatory lykos katagaria term for a brainless, cowardly pup.
Strati: Katagaria soldiers who seek out rouge Arcadians to fight. Some arcadians refer to all strati as slayers, Strati are the katagaria equivalent of sentinels.
-Swain: Suffix for male were-hunters. (bearswain)
-Swan: Suffix for female were-hunters. (bearswan)
Tessera: From the Greek word for "four", term used for a group of four were-hunters sent out to hunt others of their kind.
Thirio: The instinctual need inside for Weres to bond and consine life forces during the consummation of mating. Basic, powerful animal thrall that overtakes a Were, the canine teeth grow to facilitate the bonding.
Timoria: Katagaria punishment.
Tresola: A rabies-like madness that comes upon a were-hunter when he hits puberty.
Whelps: Young Were-hunters who have reached puberty and mastered their hormones, but have yet to harness all their powers.

</doc>
<doc id="18307046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307046" title="Howard Block">
Howard Block

Howard Block is a historic block at 93-97 Main Street in Brockton, Massachusetts.
The block was built in 1876 and added to the National Historic Register in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18307050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307050" title="Synoplotherium">
Synoplotherium

Synoplotherium (also known as "Dromocyon") is an extinct genus of relatively small, wolf-like mesonychids that lived 50 million years ago, in what is now Wyoming.
"Synoplotherium" was related to, coexisted, and possibly competed with the larger "Mesonyx".

</doc>
<doc id="18307061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307061" title="Montasio">
Montasio

Montasio is a cheese made from cow's milk, produced in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia and Veneto regions of northeastern Italy.
It was awarded a (PDO) protected designation of origin in 1986.
Made from cow's milk
Country of origin: Italy
Region: Friuli Venezia Giulia and Veneto
Alternative spellings: Montasio Fresco
Type: soft, artisan
Fat content: 32%
Texture: creamy and open
Rind: natural
Color: pale yellow

</doc>
<doc id="18307064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307064" title="Shimazu Tadayoshi (2nd)">
Shimazu Tadayoshi (2nd)


</doc>
<doc id="18307085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307085" title="Grace Evangelical Lutheran Church">
Grace Evangelical Lutheran Church

Grace Evangelical Lutheran Church may refer to:
Sites on the National Park Service National Register of Historic Places:

</doc>
<doc id="18307096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307096" title="Franklin Block">
Franklin Block

Franklin Block may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18307105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307105" title="Worlds Apart (film)">
Worlds Apart (film)

Worlds Apart (Original title:To verdener) is a 2008 Danish drama directed by Niels Arden Oplev and written by Oplev and Steen Bille. The film stars Rosalinde Mynster and Pilou Asbæk. Based upon a true story, the film is about a 17-year-old Jehovah's Witness girl who struggles to reconcile her faith and her secret romance with a non-believer boy. "Worlds Apart" played at the 2008 Berlin International Film Festival and was submitted by Denmark for the 2009 Academy Award for Best Foreign Film.
Plot.
Sara is a teenager who lives with her family, who are Jehovah's Witnesses. The family's devout image is questioned when the parents divorce as a consequence of the father's infidelity. One night at a party Sara meets Teis, an older boy who takes an interest in her. Teis is not a Witness, and their relationship is rejected by her father, but Sara falls in love and begins to doubt her faith. Facing ostracism from her faith and family, Sara must make the toughest choice of her young life.

</doc>
<doc id="18307111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307111" title="Reformed Catholic Church (Venezuela)">
Reformed Catholic Church (Venezuela)

The Reformed Catholic Church of Venezuela (Anglican Rite) () is a member jurisdiction of the Latin-American Anglican Church, a part of the global Orthodox Anglican Communion, and has received recognition from the Conservative Anglican Church of North America, a small United States-based group. It is therefore not a part of the Anglican Communion or the Roman Catholic Church. 
History.
The jurisdiction was inaugurated in June 2008 by Roman Catholics, Anglicans, and Lutherans who rejected (among other things) the Roman Catholic ban on married priests. News reports claim church leadership has expressed support for some of the policies of President Hugo Chávez. 
Not surprisingly, several high-ranking prelates in the Roman Catholic Church have criticized the new jurisdiction for attempting to divide the larger Catholic Church, and asked Roman Catholics to avoid the church.
The church is headed by Mons. Enrique Albornoz, who serves as the Metropolitan Bishop. This church is based in South America and is not connected to any of the North American churches that have used the name "Reformed Catholic Church." 

</doc>
<doc id="18307128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307128" title="Niels Arden Oplev">
Niels Arden Oplev

Niels Arden Oplev () (born 26 March 1961) is a writer-director from Denmark
Biography.
His 1996 film "Portland" was entered into the 46th Berlin International Film Festival.
He directed "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo", the 2009 Swedish film based on Stieg Larsson's novel of the same title and won critical acclaim internationally. Oplev decided to not continue directing the second and third parts of the Millennium Trilogy due to time constraints. The film has broken box office records in Europe, grossing over $100 million USD. 
He is set to direct "The Keep" based again on the novel with the same name and "Good People" based on the novel by Marcus Sakey.
On 30 November 2012 it was announced that Oplev will direct the pilot of a 13-episode mini-series based on the Stephen King novel "Under the Dome" for CBS. 

</doc>
<doc id="18307145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307145" title="Oleg Teryokhin">
Oleg Teryokhin

Oleg Ivanovich Teryokhin () (born 12 August 1970 in Engels) is a retired Russian football player. He last worked as a scout for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
International career.
Teryokhin played his only game for Russia on 23 September 1998 in a friendly against Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18307164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307164" title="52nd Infantry Division (Wehrmacht)">
52nd Infantry Division (Wehrmacht)

The 52nd Infantry Division (52. Infanterie-Division) served in southern Poland, close to Katowice and were primarily a division for training with a lot of young cadets.
The officials were especially selected for training young boys. Some of those came from Flak in Leuna after ceasing the bombing in that area, due to totally destruction of the facilities there.
The division was engaged in a battle with Soviet Army during December 1944, that in truth was a controlled retreat to Czechoslovakia in the city of Opava.
In Opava all the boys younger than 18 years were sent to Lenggries.

</doc>
<doc id="18307166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307166" title="Bedford, Quebec">
Bedford, Quebec

Bedford, Quebec may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18307179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307179" title="Tom McCarthy (ice hockey, born 1934)">
Tom McCarthy (ice hockey, born 1934)

He married Marlene Weaver and became the father of two daughters and one son, Carol, Johan, and Martin. Furthermore, he was the grandfather of five grandchildren: two grandsons and three granddaughters, Bryan, Thomas, Erin, Holly, and Kelly.
He died at Toronto in January 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18307196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307196" title="Postcards (Peter Ostroushko album)">
Postcards (Peter Ostroushko album)

Postcards is an album by American musician Peter Ostroushko, released in 2006.
The songs on "Postcards" are culled from songs Ostroushko wrote for "A Prairie Home Companion". With few exceptions, each piece is tied specifically to the location the show was visiting for that episode.
Reception.
Ed Huyck of PopMatters wrote of the album "There is a certain familiarity to the songs, as if the tunes have been part of the American lexicon for decades. Ostroushko has studied hard through his career, and pulls together these different parts of traditional music—the ache of the blues and country, the stomp of traditional folk, the vibe of jazz—into a cohesive whole... Postcards does suffer from some of the usual instrumental album pitfalls. Though the musical styles are varied, the songs still tend to run into each other in the mind. If you want the album to be more than background music (and it really deserves that from the listener), it is best to listen to in small bursts."
Track listing.
All songs by Peter Ostroushko.

</doc>
<doc id="18307198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307198" title="Clermont, Quebec">
Clermont, Quebec

There are two municipalities named Clermont in Quebec:

</doc>
<doc id="18307215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307215" title="Tritemnodon">
Tritemnodon

Tritemnodon was a genus of creodont which lived 54-38 million years ago. Fossils of this animal have been found in Willwood Formation of Big Horn County and the Lower Bridger Formation of Uinta County, Wyoming. It was the size of a wolf. 

</doc>
<doc id="18307221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307221" title="Coupé-Décalé">
Coupé-Décalé

Coupé-Décalé is a type of popular dance music originating from Côte d'Ivoire and the Ivorian diaspora in Paris, France. Drawing heavily from Zouglou and Zouk with African influences, Coupé-Décalé is a very percussive style featuring African samples, deep bass, and repetitive, minimalist arrangements.
History.
While Coupé-Décalé is known as Côte d'Ivoire's definitive pop music, it actually began in Paris, created by a group of Ivorian DJs at the Atlantis, an African nightclub in northeast Paris. These Djs, known as the 'Jet Set' became popular for their flamboyant style, often showing up at the club with large amounts of cash which they would hand out to audiences on the dance floor. Their aesthetic defined the early sounds of Coupé Décalé, apparent in the genre's name. In Nouchi (Ivorian slang) Couper means to cheat and decaler means to run away, so Coupé-Décalé basically means to cheat somebody and run away. The 'somebody' cheated is generally interpreted to mean France or the West/Europe, finding parallels to the idea of "The Man" in American culture. Especially in the beginning, the songs often celebrated those who had used guile to 'make it' abroad.
The genre's first hit, "Sagacité" was pioneered by the late Stephane Doukouré (a.k.a. "Douk-Saga"), a member of the 'Jet Set', during the post-2002 militaro-political crisis in Côte d'Ivoire. The hit became a success in African clubs in Paris and spread quickly among djs in Côte d'Ivoire. According to Siddhartha Mitter of Afropop, "" has become very popular at a time of conflict; in fact, Ivorian music has really for the first time taken over dance floors all over Africa at exactly the same time that Ivory Coast, the country, has been going through this protracted political and military crisis, with debilitating social and economic effects"".
Although arising from this time of political turmoil, Coupé-Décalé lyrically addresses topics such as relationships, earning money and maintaining a good mood or 'bonne ambiance'. Much of its lyrics refer to specific dance moves, often referencing current events such as the avian flu dance or Guantanamo (with hand movements imitating hands raised in chains). These global themes could have helped to make Coupé-Décalé so deeply popular across a politically divided Côte d'Ivoire and spread its influence so far across Africa and the diaspora. Increasingly non-Ivorian artists, particularly in the Congo, are beginning to play and incorporate the musical style. Notably among these artists are Congolese Djouna "Big One" Mumbafu and French/Malian rapper Mokobe with "Bisous" feat. Dj Lewis and "On Est Ensemble" feat. Molare. Even outside of African and its diaspora, there has been a growing interest in coupé décalé. In February 2009 Akwaaba Music released an Ivorian and Ghanaian compilation, one of the first legal worldwide releases of coupé décalé, highlighting some of the recent coupé décalé released in Côte d'Ivoire. The compilation features music by DJ Menza, DJ Bonano, DJ Mix 1er & Eloh DJ and Kedjevara.
Movements within Coupé-Décalé.
Georges Dyoula has distinguished 3 waves in the development of Coupé-Décalé, with us currently being in the 3rd wave:
Socio-Political Interpretations.
In 2005, Vladimir Cagnolari suggests that the music is a way Ivorians are coping with their unstable political situation.
""For a few hours, the rooms is transformed into an ephemeral temple of festival/party, using carefreeness and amusement to counter the socio-political problems of a country still waiting for peace. ... In a musical landscape dominated by patriotic and military music, coupé-décalé arrives like a breath of fresh air to forget the difficult context in which Ivorians are living"."
In 2006, Dominik Kohlhagen wrote:
""Over the past three years, Coupé-Décalé has become one of the most thriving forms of popular music in francophone Africa. Produced by people who claim to have achieved "success" abroad, Coupé-Décalé represents "elsewhere" as a site from which one can achieve a certain status in consumer society so as to return home to be celebrated. This music expresses generationel transformations that affect lifestyles in Africa as well as ways of projecting oneself in the world.""
Artists.
The prominent artists of Coupé-Décalé are Douk-Saga (Doukouré) with its Jet Set, DJ Brico, DJ Arsenal, Papa Ministre with his famous tune "Coupé-Décalé Chinois", David Tayorault, Afrika Reprezenta, and many other talented Ivorian artists. DJ Lewis is a particularly notable singer, famous for his Grippe Aviaire Dance (en: avian flu dance)nick princy le president.
In 2005, Jessy Matador decided to create his own group called "La Sélésao" composed of members Dr.Love, Linho and Benkoff. The same members also formed the first edition of the group Magic System. In late 2007, they signed with Oyas Records before signing with Wagram Records in spring 2008. They released their début single "Décalé Gwada" in June 2008, becoming one of the hits of that summer. On 24 November 2008 the group released the album Afrikan New Style, a musical hybrid of African and Caribbean influences with more urban sounds. The style includes influences of zouk, dancehall, reggae, hip hop, Coupé-Décalé, ndombolo and kuduro. In June 2013 an upbeat dance song was released on Youtube by Minjin called 'Coupé-Décalé'. It feautured Iyanya, a Nigerian artist, famous for his hit single 'Kukere'.

</doc>
<doc id="18307232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307232" title="Club de Fútbol Nuevo León">
Club de Fútbol Nuevo León

Club of Nuevo Leo'n Soccer was a Mexican soccer team that played in the First Mexican division as well as in lower leagues such as the Second division, Second " A" and Second " B". It had as the city of Monterrey, Nuevo León.
History.
On 1957, a group brought together by Lauro Leal, Caesar M. Saldaña, Manolo Pando and Ramon Pedroza Langarica, founded Club of Nuevo Leo'n Soccer' in the city of Monterrey. The club immediately receives the nickname of Brave. The base of the team constituted on Sport Anáhuac, an equipment that just had been formed in the old North League. The first president of Esmeralda' club was Lauro Leal, but to one week of his integration it succeeded Noah Elizondo, whereas Bulging Manolo at the same time of being treasurer was designated trainer of the team.
Nuevo Leo'n made debut in Second Mexican division in the 1958-59 season was on the 13 of July against Reboceros in The Mercy, winning the encounter 1-0 with the goal by Carlos Guerrero. The first alignment of "Jabatos" was the following one: Miguel " Cabrito" Rodriguez, Muñiz, Camacho, Arizmendi, Oscar de Alba, Ignacio " Nachito" Hernandez, Héctor " Píjola" Small, Juan Fidalgo, Carlos Guerrero, Mingo Herrera and Orozco. His first victory like the premises in Monterrey, occurred on 20 of July 1958, with a 4-3 margin over Querétaro with goal after 50 seconds by Orozco, and the rest by Juan Fidalgo, Carlos Guerrero and Lizazo. The team stayed until the end of the season 1959-60 with firm step in the second national division, but also that year in which it had its first name change. In the first months of 1960, the Young wild boars stopped existing, many economic problems caused the club was yielded to UANL and would happen to be called "Tigres" for the 2 last parties of the match, its last game as Brave was 6 of March of 1960 with 5-4 defeat before National of Guadalajara, game realised in the city of Monterrey. Happened just a short time, the president of Tigers of the UANL Ernesto Jasso Rosemary decided to return the tax exemption to the Club of Saline Nuevo Leo'n Soccer being sold it to Sergio, was so 21 September 1962 makes official the name change. In those then Young wild boars Lorenzo Milmo, Sergio Saline, Sergio Belden, Luis Lauro González and Francisco Barrenechea were handled by people like Alexander Belden. 25 of September of the same year the change became official and Peruvian August Arrasco was presented/displayed like technician. Nuevo Leo'n returned to the second division playing against Pachuca, winning by marker of 4-2 in Technological Stage, with two goals by Zulueta and others by " Chebo" Muñoz and Paco I mount. The alignment in this game was the following one: Mancillas, Thompson, Bravo, Medina, " Zorro" Vargas, I mount, Chava Vargas, Gallaga, Muñiz, Pequeño and Zulueta.
In the match 1963-64 was change of presidency in the club, Sergio Saline volume the reins of the Sport Nuevo Leo'n and the equipment began to resurge until conquering the ascent in the season 1965 - 66. 25 of December of 1965 the Nuevo Leo'n Club obtains the title of Second Mexican division, in a game of tie brake against Tampico played in Leon, this because both finished with 47 points, the Young wild boars won by marker of 2-1 with goals of Hilario Vestibules and Luis Lopez, whereas by the Tampico frame " Chorejas" Contreras. The alignment of the Brave Champions was the following one: Enrique Lozano, Frank Alfredo, Caesarean Mendoza, Loved Navarrese, Carlos " Bobo" Rodriguez, Luis Lopez and Francisco Javier Lima, Fernando " Henra" Ramirez, Hilario Vestibules, Rubén Ceja and Leopoldo Beard; with Augusto Arrasco like technician. That same year the Young wild boars also gained the title of Champion of Champions of the second division, first lost 1-0 with Pachuca in Monterrey with goal of Fal Youngest child, but soon prevailed 3-1 like visitor, with two annotations of Vestibules and another one of Pole Beard. With the victory secured before the Tampico, the Nuevo Leo'n obtains to the automatic ascent to first division, reason why from 1966 would play in the maximum circuit. Directed by one dupla conformed by Paulino Sanchez and Alberto Etcheverry, that at the same time was player, the Young wild boars Leon made their presentation in the maximum circuit in the season again 1966 - 67, being in sixth general place. The Young wild boars of the Nuevo Leo'n Club were in history like the equipment that gained the first victory in University Stage, and this one was on Selection of soccer of Mexico. The stage was inaugurated 30 of May of 1967 with the game between Monterrey and Athletic of Madrid, but this it finished even to a goal, later the Young wild boars tied 1-1 with Sheffield United, was so the first victory in this stage occurred until 1 of July of 1967. The encounter was quite attractive because the national selection of Mexico appeared in province, the party began and ' ' The Tri' ' it was put ahead to the 44 minutes when Javier Bazan sent a flat center that Enrique Borja turned into goal. For the second time the emeralds tied to minute 74, when Javier Garci'a Lomelí acquired a corner shot was looked for by " The Halcón" Rock, of the Selection, and Jose Curled Alvarez, but no managed to connect, managing to arrive at Pole Beard that was in charge to end, writing down in the angle left superior, few minutes later Alberto Etcheverry would write down the 2-1 placing the ball over Javier " Gato" Vargas. The alignment of the Nuevo Leo'n in that encounter was: Alvarez of the Tower, Javier Garci'a Lomelí, Frank Alfredo, Guillermo " Tigre" Sepúlveda, Vicente Alvarez, Arthur " Chongas" Herrera (Dámaso Perez), Roberto " La Polla" Garza ( de la colonia vidriera), Leopoldo Beard, Héctor Hernandez (Goldaracena), Alberto Etcheverry and Jose Curled Alvarez. Whereas by Selection of soccer of Mexico aligned: Javier " Gato" Vargas, Javier Bazan, Gustavo " Halcón" Rock, Carlos Albert, " Pichojos" Perez, Alfredo of the Eagle, Regueiro, Fernando Busts (Manuel Lapuente), Enrique Borja (Javier Fragoso), Luis " Chino" Estrada and Bristle Cinnamon 14 of January 1968 was perhaps one of the most laborious days in the history of the club, since they would receive its made goals major historical, this before Guadalajara, losing by a 10-2 marker. In this division would play until the season 1968-69 when Gold of Jalisco descends after playing 3 games within Aztec Stage, 1-1, 2-2 and 1-0 in favor of Gold were the results. In order to obtain the ascent again, the equipment maintained almost the same establishment the match 1969 - 70 of Second Division nevertheless would not achieve success some.
For the season 1970 - 71 was bet by trained young players in the basic forces of the club and the equipment was last of the second division and descended to Third Mexican division. In that then ones Mexico did not exist one third division formed in the North, reason why the cost that implied to have a tax exemption in this place was too much, due to this the Young wild boars for the second time disappears in the season 1971-72. Nevertheless for the season 1973-74 begins the third division in the north and in this way the return of the Club of Nuevo Leo'n Soccer, played in third until the season 1978-79 and would disappear by third time. For the season 1987-88 the Club is revivido by the Rivero brothers, having acquired a tax exemption of second " B". The Young wild boars took the league and in his first season obtained the title and the ascent to Second " A". In the season 1988 - 89 arrived at liguilla from Second " A" national, but would lose with Deer of Yucatan and the ascent hopes died. Due to the lack of support of industrialists in Monterrey the Rivero brothers decides to sell the tax exemption to " Group Leo" Cocktail snacks; they take that it to Forecastle and] turn into From Leon of Forecastle that descended to Second " B " in the season 1990-91 and in this way the aim of the Young wild boars.
In 2006 a youngest athlete to join this by the name of Danny Anthony Caamano and was a magnificent player . He the teams to the Mexican Sectional division . He played forward and scored a total of 14 Goals. He later retired at 21

</doc>
<doc id="18307253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307253" title="Arthur Lillie">
Arthur Lillie

Arthur Lillie (1831-?) was a soldier in the British Army in India. While there, he became a Buddhist. His books on religion were poorly received by scholars. Lillie appears to have written the original rule book for a Scottish croquet tournament, which, if so, continues to be his best-received work.
Arthur Lillie also took an enthusiastic interest in Gospel of the Hebrews. In "Buddhism in Christendom Or Jesus the Essene" he wrote

</doc>
<doc id="18307260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307260" title="Real Club España">
Real Club España

Real España Club was a football club from Mexico City team that played in Mexican first division. España was one of the most popular teams at the time "Romántica" of Mexican football. During the Amateur era they won 14 League titles and 4 Mexican Cups. After the professionalisation of football, España won another 2 major titles, the 1943-44 Cup where they beat Atlante 6-2 in the final, and the league in 1944-45 ahead of Puebla F.C. under manager Rodolfo Muñoz.
History.
Beginnings.
España club was founded 20 March 1912, product of a separation of the previous club Mexico FC which had been founded on 1910 by Alfredo B. Cuellar, Jorge Gómez de Parada and Alberto Montaña . In San Pedro of the Pines Cricket was the main sport, two years later, in order to play football, 6 young Spanish emigrants would undertake the project to create a new club and would form Real Club España. Francisco Aryan, Ramon Lance, Pedro Batgay, Delio Bonet, Enrique Escalada and Francisco Gómez were the founders.
Amateur era.
España's success began immediately, the year after the foundation the club won its first league title In 1914 they won their first double but it would not stop there, the club won a total of 14 amateur league championships and four cups between 1912 and the professionalisation of Mexican football in 1943.
Professionalism.
When the professional Mexican first division was created in 1943, Real España Club was one of the favourites but they lost the title to Asturias F.C.. The next season 1944-45 saw the club win championship number 15, nevertheless, this title along with the Cup obtained in 1943 against Atlante, would be the only trophies obtained by España in the professional era. In 1950 the España football team retired from Mexican first division.
Atlético Español.
For the season 1971-72 Club Necaxa was taken over by Spanish directors. With the intention to remember the great team that was the España Club, they decide to change to the name of the team to Atlético Español, even copying the colors of the uniform of the defunct team. The name change was never popularly accepted and after 10 years it was changed back to Necaxa.
Present time.
At present Real España still exists, their facilities continue in Mexico City and the club offers the option to play several sport activities like rowing and tennis, among others. The football team has been left in the past and only some fields, photographs and trophies survive.
Primera Fuerza.
These are all the statistics from the club's participation in the Primera Fuerza from 1912-1943 except for the 1921-22 and the 1930-31 tournament which was not held.
After the 1942-43 tournament the league was professionalism and changed its name to the Liga Mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="18307266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307266" title="José Fabián Ramírez">
José Fabián Ramírez

José Fabián Ramírez (born 3 February 1977 in Esquina, Corrientes) is an Argentine football goalkeeper.
He played for most part of his career in Argentine teams such as San Lorenzo, Almagro, Quilmes and Olimpo. He also played in Greece for Ionikos F.C. and for Olimpia Asunción in the .

</doc>
<doc id="18307272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307272" title="Hatley, Quebec">
Hatley, Quebec

Hatley, Quebec may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18307277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307277" title="Robert Borrie">
Robert Borrie

Robert James Borrie (December 31, 1926 – December 26, 1999) was a Canadian politician, manager and secretary. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1968 election as a Member of the Liberal Party to represent the riding of Prince George—Peace River. He was a member of the House of Commons Standing Committee on Agriculture. He was defeated in the 1972 election. Prior to his federal political experience, he served in the Canadian Army as a Corporal in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18307295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307295" title="Valcourt, Quebec">
Valcourt, Quebec

Valcourt, Quebec refers to two distinct entities:

</doc>
<doc id="18307312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307312" title="Milbank Quarterly">
Milbank Quarterly

The Milbank Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed healthcare journal covering health care policy. It was established in 1923 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Milbank Memorial Fund, an endowed national foundation funded by Elizabeth Milbank Anderson that supports research of issues related to health policy. It covers topics such as the impact of social factors on health, prevention, allocation of health care resources, legal and ethical issues in health policy, health and health care administration, and the organization and financing of health care.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed by:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 5.620, ranking it first out of 76 journals in the category "Health Care Sciences & Services" and first out of 62 journals in the category "Health Policy & Services".
Previous titles.
The journal was established in 1923 as "The Milbank Memorial Fund Quarterly Bulletin". In 1934 it was renamed "The Milbank Memorial Fund Quarterly", and in 1973 "The Milbank Memorial Fund Quarterly: Health and Society". It obtained its current name in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18307320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307320" title="Ashland Avenue (Metra station)">
Ashland Avenue (Metra station)

Ashland Avenue is a commuter rail station along the Blue Island Branch of the Metra Electric line in Calumet Park, Illinois. The station is located on Ashland Avenue near 124th Street, and is away from the northern terminus at Randolph Street Station. In Metra's zone-based fare system, Ashland Avenue Station is in zone D.
Parking is available across from the station south of the 123rd Street bridge over Interstate 57. Street-side parking is also available on the northwest and southwest corners of Ashland Avenue and 124th Street. No bus connections are available at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18307332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307332" title="Victorino">
Victorino

Victorino is a given name and surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18307359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307359" title="Beverley (West Virginia)">
Beverley (West Virginia)

Beverley, also known as Bullskin, is a farm near Charles Town, West Virginia that has been a working agricultural unit since 1750. The narrow lane that leads from U.S. Route 340 to the Beverley complex was, in the 18th and 19th centuries a toll road. The main house was built about 1800 by Beverley Whiting on the site of a c. 1760 stone house. The house is Georgian influenced Federal style, with a later Greek Revival portico. A number of outbuildings dating to the original 1760 house accompany the main house. As noted in the nomination form Beverley is one of Jefferson County's important architectural landmarks, the seat of an important agricultural complex of historic importance to the county and one that provides a sense of stability and continuity with the county's past.
The original land was purchased from Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron in 1750 by Richard Stephenson. During the course of the next decade, Stephenson constructed a stone residence, two stone outbuildings, and other farm-related structures and put into operation the farming business that still operates here today. It is not known exactly when the two extant stone structures were constructed, but they were certainly standing by 1760. The surviving outbuildings are among the oldest buildings in West Virginia. The west outbuilding served as a school for a time during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The east outbuilding was used as a kitchen. Due to their age, these stone outbuildings are individually listed as Jefferson County Historic Landmarks. 
Richard Stephenson was the father of seven children, two of whom rose to prominence in the Revolutionary War. Colonel John Stephenson served with noted distinction, but it was his brother, Colonel Hugh Stephenson who is better remembered. He had served previously in the French and Indian Wars and in Lord Dunmore's War. In 1775, he was recommended by George Washington to command one of the two Virginia rifle companies. Colonel Hugh Stephenson led the famous Bee Line March that left from Morgan Springs (near Shepherdstown) on July 16, 1775 and marched to Cambridge, Massachusetts to join the Continental Army, covering 600 miles in 24 days. Colonel Stephenson's half-brother, Colonel William Crawford, who also lived at what is now known as Beverley for a time, was also a noted Revolutionary soldier who was burned at the stake by Indians in 1782. George Washington was friends with Richard Stephenson and notes in his journal that he stayed at Bullskin with Richard during a visit to his own property in the area in May 1760. George Washington performed the survey of the property for Richard Stephenson around 1750 which still survives to this day and is publicly displayed in the Boston Public Library.
The property passed by purchase from the Stephenson family to Dr. John Bull in 1777, and then to Beverley Whiting, in 1795. Beverley Whiting was a leading planter and man of affairs in post-Revolutionary Berkeley and Jefferson Counties, as evidenced by the fact that he served on the first grand jury empaneled in the newly formed Jefferson County, being sworn in on March 9, 1802. Around 1845 the name of the property was changed from "Bullskin" to "Beverley". Around 1870 the property was sold to John Burns, and the property has remained in the Burns family ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="18307363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307363" title="USS LST-4">
USS LST-4

USS "LST-4" was an "LST-1"-class tank landing ship in the United States Navy. Like many of her class, she was not named and is properly referred to by her hull designation. "LST-4" served in the Mediterranean and was awarded four battle stars for her services. After decommissioning, she was loaned to the Royal Navy as HM "LST-4" until post-war when she was returned to the US Navy, decommissioned, and sold at public auction for scrapping.
Construction.
"LST-4" was laid down on 4 July 1942 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, by the Dravo Corporation; she was launched on 9 October 1942, sponsored by Mrs. J. Bartolo; and commissioned on 14 February 1943.
World War II service.
Mediterranean operations.
"LST-4" was assigned to the European theater and participated in the following operations for which she received battle stars:
Decommissioning.
"LST-4" was decommissioned sometime in 1944 and was placed on loan in December 1944 with the British Navy as HM "LST-4" for the duration of the war.
Service under British command.
HM "LST-4" was commissioned 24 December 1944, at Bizerte. Despite striking a mine 14 January 1945, while on passage between Taranto and Piraeus, she was able to stay afloat until temporary repairs could be made in Greece and more substantial repairs made at Malta 10 to 24 October 1945.
In early 1946, her wartime Mediterranean operations completed, she sailed for the United States. During the transit she lost one of her screws and had to be towed by another LST to Norfolk, Virginia, where she was returned to the US Navy.
Post-war decommissioning and disposal.
"LST-4" was struck from the Navy list on 19 June 1946. On 10 September 1947, she was sold to the Boston Metals Company, of Baltimore, Maryland, for scrap. 

</doc>
<doc id="18307366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307366" title="Maan family">
Maan family

The Banu Ma'an tribe (also Ma'n, ALA-LC: , adjective:Ma'anid, Ma'nid), were a tribe & dynasty of Qahtani Arab some of which later became Druze and rulers of the Lebanon Mountains during a period of the Ottoman Empire, and one of the most successful ruling dynasties in Druze history. They originated from coastal Hadramaut in southern Yemen.They moved into the Levante via Al-Hasa and formed a tribal alliance with the larger Al Azd tribe during the journey.
Their authority began to rise with Fakhr ad Din I, who was permitted by Ottoman authorities to organize his own army, and reached its peak with Fakhr ad Din II (1572–1635). Fakhr ad Din II's rule extended "from Antioch in the north to Tsfat (Safed) in the south." Although Fakhr ad Din II's aspirations toward complete independence for Lebanon ended in his execution by Ottoman authorities, he greatly enhanced Lebanon's military and economic development. Noted for religious tolerance and suspected of being a Christian, Fakhr ad Din attempted to merge the country's different religious groups into one Lebanese community.The dynasty's rule as Druze leaders in the Lebanon Mountains lasted from 1517 to 1697.
Origins.
The Ma'an family under orders from the governor of Damascus, came to Lebanon in 1120 from Hadramaut in southern Yemen to defend the Levant against the invading Crusaders.
It is not entirely clear if the Ma'an tribe, which was part of the large Kahlani tribal federation were already practicing some sort of Ismailism prior to their exodus from coastal Yemen.Originally they did extensive trade with the Indian Subcontinent and Southeast Asia and were in charge of an important Hadrami port city. They finally settled on the southwestern slopes of the Lebanon Mountains and later adopted the Druze religion.
Rule of Fakhr ad Din II.
As part of his policy to strengthen trade and political relations with Tuscany, Fakhr ad Din II concluded a secret agreement with Ferdinand I, duke of Tuscany in Italy, the two parties pledging to support each other against the Ottomans. Informed of this agreement, the Ottoman ruler in Constantinople reacted violently and ordered Ahmad al Hafiz, governor of Damascus, to attack Fakhr ad Din. Realizing his inability to cope with the regular army of Al Hafiz, the Lebanese ruler went to Tuscany in exile in 1613. He returned to Lebanon in 1618, after his good friend Muhammad Pasha became governor of Damascus. 
Following his return from Tuscany, Fakhr ad Din, realizing the need for a strong and disciplined armed force, channeled his financial resources into building a regular army. This army proved itself in 1623, when Mustafa Pasha, the new governor of Damascus, underestimating the capabilities of the Lebanese army, engaged it in battle and was decisively defeated at Anjar in the Biqa Valley. 
In addition to building up the army, Fakhr ad Din, who became acquainted with Italian culture during his stay in Tuscany, initiated measures to modernize the country. After forming close ties with the dukes of Tuscany and Florence and establishing diplomatic relations with them, he brought in architects, irrigation engineers, and agricultural experts from Italy in an effort to promote prosperity in the country. He also strengthened Lebanon's strategic position by expanding its territory, building forts as far away as Palmyra in Syria, and gaining control of Palestine. Finally, the Ottoman sultan Murad IV of Constantinople, wanting to thwart Lebanon's progress toward complete independence, ordered Küçük Ahmet Pasha, then governor of Damascus, to attack the Lebanese ruler. This time Fakhr ad Din was defeated, and he was executed in Constantinople in 1635.
Mulhim.
Fakhr ad Din was succeeded in 1635 by his nephew Mulhim Ma'an, who ruled through his death in 1658. (Fakhr ad Din's only surviving son, Husayn, lived the rest of his life as a court official in Constantinople.) Emir Mulhim exercised Iltizam taxation rights in the Shuf, Gharb, Jurd, Matn, and Kisrawan districts of Lebanon. Mulhim's forces battled and defeated those of Mustafa Pasha, Beylerbey of Damascus, in 1642, but he is reported by historians to have been otherwise loyal to Ottoman rule.
Ahmad and Korkmaz.
Following Mulhim's death, his sons Ahmad and Korkmaz entered into a power struggle with other Ottoman-backed Druze leaders. In 1660, the Ottoman empire moved to reorganize the region, placing the sanjaks (districts) of Sidon-Beirut and Safed in a newly formed province of Sidon, a move seen by local Druze as an attempt to assert control. Contemporary historian Istifan al-Duwayhi reports that Korkmaz was killed in act of treachery by the Beylerbey of Damascus in 1662. Ahmad however escaped and eventually emerged victorious in the power struggle among the Druze in 1667, but the Maʿnīs lost control of Safad and retreated to controlling the iltizam of the Shuf mountains and Kisrawan. Ahmad continued as local ruler through his death from natural causes, without heir, in 1697. During the Ottoman-Hapsburg war of 1683 to 1699, Ahmad Ma'n collaborated in a rebellion against the Ottomans which extended beyond his death. Iltizam rights in Shuf and Kisrawan passed to the rising Shihab family through female-line inheritance.

</doc>
<doc id="18307367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307367" title="Russell Brown (disambiguation)">
Russell Brown (disambiguation)

Russell Brown or Russ Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18307377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307377" title="The People's Chip">
The People's Chip

The People's Chip is a potato chip flavour discovered and advocated by Australian radio comedy duo Hamish & Andy. The flavour is gravy, derived from roast beef. 60,495 packets of the chips were manufactured by The Smith's Snackfood Company and given away in a promotional exercise. Retail chip packets of this flavour were manufactured and went on sale on 11 August 2008 in Australia for a trial period of two weeks.
History.
The invention of this flavour started with a tongue-in-cheek question asked by the duo of the listeners to their radio show: Whether the existence of the flavouring known as "Light 'n' Tangy" preceded the manufacture of the chip of this flavour, or whether the flavour was spliced together from the putative flavours 'Light' and 'Tangy' especially for this chip, and the combined flavour "Light 'n' Tangy" was thereby created.
A representative of Smith's telephoned the show to attempt to answer the question, and it emerged in the course of the conversation that it was entirely possible to create a customized potato chip flavour.
Candidate flavours.
Hamish & Andy then asked their listeners to offer up suggestions for the chip flavour they would like created. Some of the rejected candidates included:
The wide range of flavours being discussed caused Hamish to believe that it could be possible to mix all known flavours together to make one flavour, referred to as 'The Everything Chip'. Andy believed that this would be a terrible idea. To prove it, he created a blend of the most popular flavours, and invited Hamish to consume it, whereupon Hamish experienced revulsion and agreed that "The Lot" is a terrible flavour.
The top six candidate flavours.
A selection of six flavours were selected by popular demand to make the shortlist for the online poll which featured:
Over 40,000 votes were cast as to which should be the winning flavour. 'Gravy' became the clear winner.
The final three flavours.
By May 2008, Smith's had created three candidates for the exact flavour of the gravy chip. Hamish & Andy were required to select one for production.
The three flavours brought to Hamish and Andy were:
Mick Lee's Roast Beef became the chip flavour to be produced for the show.
Manufacture and distribution.
Initially, 495 packets were manufactured, with 99 packets delivered to each mainland state. Some fans slept out overnight to obtain the chips. Some recipients sold theirs on Ebay much to Hamish & Andy's disapproval. Smiths then announced they would manufacture 60,000 more packets to be distributed free of charge across the country by outlets picked by Hamish & Andy. These chips were released on 27 June. Melbourne and Adelaide ran out of chips within the day, and Canberra within the hour.
Following the success of the distribution of 60,000 gravy chip packets, Hamish and Andy announced on 7 July that Smiths had agreed to sell The People's Chip in stores across Australia for two weeks beginning 11 August. The announcement came after much hate (or, as Hamish described it, "passion") mail the duo received from fans who were unable to secure a packet on 27 June. The 500,000 bags that were released by Smiths around Coles and Woolworths stores on 11 August were quick to sell out, and not at all coming close to the two weeks that Smiths believed they would last throughout stores.

</doc>
<doc id="18307389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307389" title="Jennifer Rhines">
Jennifer Rhines

Jennifer ("Jen") Rhines (born July 1, 1974 in Syracuse, New York) is an American long-distance runner who competes in track, cross country and road running events. She has competed in three different Summer Olympics.
Rhines attended Villanova University as an undergraduate. While at Villanova, Rhines was a five-time NCAA individual champion: 5000 meters (1994, 1995, and 1996), 5000i meters (1995), and cross country (1994). As a post-collegiate professional runner, Rhines has won three USA 15K national titles (1998, 2005, 2011), a USA half-marathon championship (2011), and was USA 10,000 meter champion on the track in 2002. She competed in the women's 10,000 meters race at the 2000 Sydney Olympics, and finished 16th with a time of 31:26.66. In the 2004 Athens Olympics, she competed in the women's marathon and finished the race in 34th place with a time of 2:43:52.
Rhines qualified for the 2008 Olympic Games by placing second in the 5000 meters at the U.S. Olympic Trials. She finished 14th in the 5000m Beijing final with a time of 16:34.63. Rhines won the 2011 USA Half marathon title, with a time of 1:11:14 in Houston, TX.
She was the first American to finish at the 2011 Carlsbad 5000, coming third in a time of 15:37 minutes for the 5 km race.

</doc>
<doc id="18307424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307424" title="Stanstead, Quebec (disambiguation)">
Stanstead, Quebec (disambiguation)

Stanstead, Quebec may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18307442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307442" title="Kiltarlity">
Kiltarlity

Kiltarlity () is a small village in the Highland council area of Scotland. It is west of Inverness, and south of Beauly, on the Bruiach Burn. It has a population of under 1000 people, and a primary school, Tomnacross Primary. Lovat Shinty Club play at Kiltarlity, on a pitch on the main street, Balgate Drive.
The name Kiltarlity comes from the Gaelic "Cill Targhlain", which means 'church of Talorcan/Talorgan', the name of a number of Pictish kings.
The name 'Kiltarlity' historically refers to the entire parish, which includes a number of surrounding hamlets. The main settlement was known as "Aultfearna" (Gaelic) or "Allarburn" (Scots), which refer to the alder trees which grow beside the burn. This settlement is now usually known and signposted as "Kiltarlity" or "Kiltarlity Village".
Nearby hamlets considered to be part of Kiltarlity include Camault Muir, Tomnacross, Ardendrain, and Culburnie.

</doc>
<doc id="18307453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307453" title="Organic farming and biodiversity">
Organic farming and biodiversity

The effect of organic farming has been a subject of interest for researchers. Theory suggests that organic farming practices, which exclude the use of synthetic pesticides and fertilizers, would be beneficial for biodiversity, and this has proven true. Spanning all associated species, there is an average of 30% more on organic farms versus conventional farming methods.
In ancient farming practices, farmers did not possess the technology or manpower to have a significant impact on the destruction of biodiversity even as mass-production agriculture was rising. Nowadays, common farming methods generally rely on pesticides to maintain high yields. With such, most agricultural landscapes favor mono-culture crops with very little flora or fauna co-existence (van Elsen 2000). Modern organic farm practices such as the removal of pesticides and the inclusion of animal manure, crop rotation, and multi-cultural crops provides the chance for biodiversity to thrive.
Benefits to biodiversity.
Nearly all non-crop, naturally occurring species observed in comparative farm land practice studies show a preference in organic farming both by population and richness. Spanning all associated species, there is an average of 30% more on organic farms versus conventional farming methods. Birds, butterflies, soil microbes, beetles, earthworms, spiders, vegetation, and mammals are particularly effected. Organic crops use little or no herbicides and pesticides and thus biodiversity fitness and population density benefit. Many weed species attract beneficial insects that improve soil qualities and forage on weed pests. Soil-bound organisms often benefit because of increased bacteria populations due to natural fertilizer spread such as manure, while experiencing reduced intake of herbicides and pesticides commonly associated with conventional farming methods. Increased biodiversity, especially from soil microbes such as mycorhizzae, have been proposed as an explanation for the high yields experienced by some organic plots, especially in light of the differences seen in a 21-year comparison of organic and control fields.
Impact of increased biodiversity.
The level of biodiversity that can be yielded from organic farming provides a natural capital to humans. Species found in most organic farms provides a means of agricultural sustainability by reducing amount of human input (e.g. fertilizers, pesticides). Farmers that produce with organic methods reduce risk of poor yields by promoting biodiversity. Common game birds such as the ring-necked pheasant and the northern bobwhite often reside in agriculture landscapes, and are a natural capital yielded from high demands of recreational hunting. Because bird species richness and population are typically higher on organic farm systems, promoting biodiversity can be seen as logical and economical.
Highly impacted animal species.
Earthworms.
Earthworm population and diversity appears to have the most significant data out of all studies. Out of six studies comparing earthworm biodiversity to organic and conventional farming methods, all six suggested a preference for organic practices including a study at the pioneering Haughley farm in 1980/1981 that compared earthworm populations and soil properties after 40 years. Hole et al. (2005) summarized a study conducted by Brown (1999) and found nearly double the population and diversity when comparing farming methods.
Birds.
Organic farms are said to be beneficial to birds while remaining economical. Bird species are one of the most prominent animal groups that benefit from organic farming methods. Many species rely on farmland for foraging, feeding, and migration phases. With such, bird populations often relate directly to the natural quality of farmland. The more natural diversity of organic farms provides better habitats to bird species, and is especially beneficial when the farmland is located within a migration zone. In 5 recent studies almost all bird species including locally declining species, both population and variation increased on organic farmland. Making a switch from conventional farming methods to organic practices also seems to directly improve bird species in the area. While organic farming improves bird populations and diversity, species populations receive the largest boost when organic groups are varied within a landscape. Bird populations are increased further with optimal habitat for biodiversity, rather than organic alone, with systems such as Conservation Grade. 
Butterflies.
A specific study done in the UK in 2006 found substantially more butterflies on organic farms versus standard farming methods except for two pest species. The study also observed higher populations in uncropped field margins compared with cropland edges regardless of farm practice. Conversely, Weibull et al. (2000) found no significant differences in species diversity or population.
Spiders.
Ten studies have been conducted involving spider species and abundance on farm systems. All but three of the studies indicated that there was a higher diversity of spider species on organic farms, in addition to populations of species. Two of the studies indicated higher species diversity, but statistically insignificant populations between organic and standard farming methods.
Soil Microbes.
Out of 13 studies comparing bacteria and fungus communities between organic and standard farming, 8 of the studies showed heightened level of growth on organic farm systems. One study concluded that the use of “green” fertilizers and manures was the primary cause of higher bacterial levels on organic farms. On the other hand, nematode population/diversity depended on what their primary food intake was. Bacteria-feeding nematodes showed preference towards organic systems whereas fungus-feeding nematodes showed preference for standard farm systems. The heightened level of bacteria-feeding nematodes makes sense due to higher levels of bacteria in organic soils, but the fungus-feeding populations being higher on standard farms seems to contradict the data since more fungi are generally found on organic farms.
Beetles.
According to Hole et al. (2005), beetle species are among the most commonly studied animal species on farming systems. Twelve studies have found a higher population and species richness of carabids on organic systems. The overall conclusion of significantly higher carabid population species and diversity is that organic farms have a higher level of weed species where they can thrive. Staphylinid populations and diversity have seemed to show no specific preference with some studies showing higher population and diversity, some with lower population and diversity, and one study showed no statistical significance between the organic and conventional farming systems.
Mammals.
Two comparative studies have been conducted involving mammal populations and diversity among farm practices. A study done by Brown (1999) found that small mammal population density and diversity did not depend on farming practices, however overall activity was higher on organic farms. It was concluded that more food resources were available to small mammals on organic farms because of the reduction or lack of herbicides and pesticides. Another study conducted by Wickramasinghe et al. (2003) compared bat species and activity. Species activity and foraging were both more than double on organic farms compared to conventional farms. Species richness was also higher on organic farms, and 2 of the sixteen species sighted were found only on organic farms.
Vegetation.
Approximately ten studies have been conducted to compare non-crop vegetation between organic and conventional farming practices. Hedgerow, inner-crop and grassland observations were made within these studies and all but one showed a higher weed preference and diversity in or around organic farms. Most of these studies showed significant overall preference for organic farming preferences especially for broad-leafed species, but many grass species showed far less on conventional farms likely because pesticide interaction was low or non-existent. Organic farm weed population and richness was believed to be lower in mid-crop land because of weed-removal methods such as under sowing.
Switching from conventional to organic farming often results in a “boom” of weed speciation due to intense chemical change of soil composition from the lack of herbicides and pesticides. Natural plant species can also vary on organic farms from year-to-year because crop rotation creates new competition based on the chemical needs of each crop.
Farmers’ Benefits from Increased Biodiversity.
Biological research on soil and soil organisms has proven beneficial to the system of organic farming. Varieties of bacteria and fungi break down chemicals, plant matter and animal waste into productive soil nutrients. In turn, the producer benefits by healthier yields and more arable soil for future crops. Furthermore, a 21-year study was conducted testing the effects of organic soil matter and its relationship to soil quality and yield. Controls included actively managed soil with varying levels of manure, compared to a plot with no manure input. After the study commenced, there was significantly lower yields on the control plot when compared to the fields with manure. The concluded reason was an increased soil microbe community in the manure fields, providing a healthier, more arable soil system.
Detriments to biodiversity through organic farming.
Organic farming practices still require active participation from the farmer to effectively boost biodiversity. Making a switch to organic farming methods does not automatically or guarantee improved biodiversity. Pro-conservation ethics are required to create arable farm land that generates biodiversity. Conservationist ideals are commonly overlooked because they require additional physical and economical efforts from the producer. 
Common weed-removal processes like undercutting and controlled burning provides little opportunity for species survival, and often leads to comparable populations and richness to conventionally managed landscapes when performed in excess. Another common process is the addition of biotopes in the form of hedgerows and ponds to further improve species richness. Farmers commonly make the mistake of over-using these resources for more intense crop production because organic yields are typically lower. Another error comes from the over-stratification of biotopes. A series of small clusters does not provide adequate land area for high biodiversity potential.
References.
Does organic farming benefit biodiversity? Biological Conservation 122: 113-130.

</doc>
<doc id="18307463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307463" title="Saint-Prosper, Quebec">
Saint-Prosper, Quebec

There are two communities called Saint-Prosper in Quebec:

</doc>
<doc id="18307470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307470" title="Russ Brown (actor)">
Russ Brown (actor)

Russell Brown (May 30, 1892; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania – October 19, 1964; Englewood, New Jersey) was an American Tony Award winning actor of stage and film. Brown, a veteran award-winning stage actor for decades, is best remembered by audiences as Captain Brackett in "South Pacific" (which he repeated in the movie version) and for his performances as 'Benny Van Buren' in the stage/film version of "Damn Yankees" in 1958, and the following year as park caretaker George Lemon in the classic courtroom drama, "Anatomy of a Murder" (1959). For his stage performance in "Damn Yankees!", he earned Broadway's Tony Award in 1956, as did actor Ray Walston, actress Gwen Verdon and her choreographer husband Bob Fosse, among others, all for the same Tony Award-winning musical.

</doc>
<doc id="18307476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307476" title="Belvedere (West Virginia)">
Belvedere (West Virginia)

Belvedere, also known as Belvidere, was built near Charles Town, West Virginia by Magnus Tate II in 1807. The Federal style mansion is situated at the end of a tree-lined driveway and commands a sweeping view of the Blue Ridge Mountains. 

</doc>
<doc id="18307485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307485" title="Saint-Stanislas, Quebec">
Saint-Stanislas, Quebec

There are two municipalities called Saint-Stanislas in Quebec:

</doc>
<doc id="18307489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307489" title="Land of Terror">
Land of Terror

Land of Terror is a 1944 fantasy novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs, the sixth in his series about the fictional "hollow earth" land of Pellucidar. It is the penultimate novel in the series and the last to be published during Burrough's lifetime. Unlike most of the other books in the Pellucidar series, this novel was never serially published in any magazine because it was rejected by all of Burroughs's usual publishers.
Plot summary.
The novel relates the adventures of David Innes on his return from Lo-Har to Sari in the wake of the events of "Back to the Stone Age".<br>
It is divided into five adventures: 
Copyright.
The copyright for this story has expired in Australia, and thus now resides in the public domain there. The text is available via Project Gutenberg Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18307496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307496" title="Tóim Snáma mac Flainn">
Tóim Snáma mac Flainn

Tóim Snáma mac Flainn (died 770) was a King of Osraige in modern County Kilkenny. He ruled from circa 761 to 770. His exact year of accession is unknown, 761 was the last year his predecessor Anmchad mac Con Cherca was named in the annals.
The dynasty that ruled over Osraige in the early Christian period was known as the Dál Birn. Tóim Snáma was the son of Fland mac Congaile, a king who ruled sometime after 712 who is mentioned in the king list of the "Book of Leinster" but not in the annals. His great grandfather was a brother of Scannlan Mór mac Colmáin (died 644), a previous king. 
The Osraige plunged into civil war upon the death of Anmchad. Tóim Snáma was opposed by the sons of Cellach mac Fáelchair (died 735), presumably Dúngall mac Cellaig (died 772). In 769 he was successful in battle versus them and they were put to flight. In 770 he was slain presumably by his successor. 

</doc>
<doc id="18307497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307497" title="Mobil Bistcho Airport">
Mobil Bistcho Airport

Mobil Bistcho Airport, , is located near to Mobil Bistcho, Alberta, Canada.
It is located along the 31st baseline in Northern Alberta. Alberta Sustainable Resources, (formerly the Alberta Forest Service), maintains the airstrip and maintains a remote forward basecamp and fuel cache for staging wildland firefighting operations out of. This camp contains tent frames and a kitchen area. Wildland firefighting crews are regularly posted here on a temporary basis, when the fire hazard gets high and forest fire starts are anticipated.

</doc>
<doc id="18307511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307511" title="The Neurologist">
The Neurologist

The Neurologist is a peer-reviewed medical journal, which publishes articles related to neurological diseases, with a focus on clinical aspects.

</doc>
<doc id="18307520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307520" title="Black Butterfly (album)">
Black Butterfly (album)

Black Butterfly is the fourth studio album by American hard rock band Buckcherry. The album was released on September 12, 2008 in Japan, Canada, and the United Kingdom while being released on September 16 in the United States. It had been in production since late 2007. The limited fan edition was included with two demo songs, "Nothing" and "Stayin' High". Along with the bonus songs, the case came with a year free membership to the Buckcherry Fan Club, "Buckcherry's Bomb Squad".
Singles.
Band manager Josh Klemme allegedly leaked the first single "Too Drunk..." to the internet, only to later claim in a press release that it had been pirated.
The songs "Rescue Me" and "Don't Go Away" were eventually placed on the band's MySpace page. "Rescue Me" was released for download in the video game series "Rock Band". "Don't Go Away" was selected as the second single to be released from the album.
A Child Called "It".
Vocalist Josh Todd has mentioned that the songs "Rescue Me" and "A Child Called "It"" were both inspired by the Dave Pelzer book, "A Child Called "It"". "There were times when I had to put the book down because the abuse of this boy was so bad, but I felt like the book found me… I was compelled to write this song out of inspiration from this guy’s incredible journey."
"Rescue Me" was used as the official theme song for the WWE Judgment Day 2009 pay-per view.

</doc>
<doc id="18307521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307521" title="Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc, Quebec">
Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc, Quebec

There are two municipalities called Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc in Quebec:

</doc>
<doc id="18307535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307535" title="Ilshat Faizulin">
Ilshat Faizulin

Ilshat Galimzyanovich Faizulin (; ; born 5 March 1973 in Osinniki) is a Russian retired footballer of Tatar ethnic origin.
A forward his career was majorly spent, in equal periods of time, in Russia and Spain.
Club career.
Faizulin started playing professionally with PFC CSKA Moscow, where his performances garnered the attention of Spain's Racing de Santander (later, during one season, he would team up with compatriot Dmitri Popov). Subsequently he was a relatively important offensive element at Villarreal CF, helping the club achieve a first-ever top flight promotion in 1998.
After two unassuming spells in Portugal, Faizullin finished 1999–2000 in Turkey with Altay SK, then returned to Spain and its second division with Getafe CF, not being able to prevent the Madrid side's eventual relegation.
Faizullin then returned to his country, playing with four modest outfits, and retired in Spain in 2007 after three years with four teams, in the lower leagues.
International career.
Faizulin played one game for Russia, on 28 July 1993, in a friendly against France.

</doc>
<doc id="18307548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307548" title="O Pobre Rabequista">
O Pobre Rabequista

O Pobre Rabequista (The Poor Rebecker) is an oil painting, 1855 (oil on canvas 170 X 122 cm), by José Rodrigues.
Exhibitions.
It was originally purchased by Prince Consorte D. Fernando de Saxe-Coburg (Ferdinand II) and currently is in the collection of the Chiado Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18307549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307549" title="List of National Basketball Association players (B)">
List of National Basketball Association players (B)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with B.
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18307553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307553" title="Parasympathetic rebound">
Parasympathetic rebound

Parasympathetic rebound is a possible delayed (over-)reaction of the parasympathetic nervous system
During intense and/or prolonged stress the opposed sympathetic nervous system via the hormones cortisol and catecholamines (such as adrenaline) suppresses the parasympathetic activities, such as the immune- and digestive system. When this suppression vanishes, the parasympathetic system may overreact, as typical for any Closed-loop transfer function. 
Typical parasymathetic rebound phenomena include:

</doc>
<doc id="18307574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307574" title="List of National Basketball Association players (C)">
List of National Basketball Association players (C)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with C.
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18307585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307585" title="Woodlouse">
Woodlouse

A woodlouse (known by many common names: see below; plural woodlice) is a crustacean with a rigid, segmented, long exoskeleton and fourteen jointed limbs. Woodlice form the suborder Oniscidea within the order Isopoda, with over 5,000 known species.
Woodlice in the genus "Armadillidium" can roll up into an almost perfect sphere as a defensive mechanism, hence some of the common names such as pill bug or roly-poly. Most woodlice, however, cannot do this.
Common names.
Common names for woodlice vary throughout the English-speaking world. A number of common names make reference to the fact that some species of woodlice can roll up into a ball. Other names compare the woodlouse to a pig.
Names include: "armadillo bug", "boat-builder" (Newfoundland, Canada), "carpenter" or "cafner" (Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada), "cheeselog" (Reading, Berkshire), "cheesy bug" (North-West Kent), "doodlebug" (also used for the larva of an antlion), "pill bug" (usually applied only to the genus "Armadillidium"), "potato bug", "roly-poly", "sow bug", "roll up bug", "chuggypig" or "chucky pig" (Devon), "slater" (Scotland, Northern Ireland, New Zealand and Australia), "gramersow" (Cornwall), "butcher boy" or "butchy boy" (Australia), and "wood bug" (British Columbia, Canada).
Description and life cycle.
The woodlouse has a shell-like exoskeleton, which it must progressively shed as it grows. The moult takes place in two stages; the back half is lost first, followed two or three days later by the front. This method of moulting is different from that of most arthropods, which shed their cuticle in a single process. Metabolic rate is temperature-dependent in woodlice. In contrast to mammals and birds, invertebrates are not "self heating": the external environmental temperature relates directly to their rate of respiration. 
A female woodlouse will keep fertilised eggs in a marsupium on the underside of her body until they hatch into small, white offspring. The mother then appears to "give birth" to her offspring. Females are also capable of reproducing asexually.
Despite being crustaceans like lobsters or crabs, woodlice are said to have an unpleasant taste similar to "strong urine".
Pillbugs and pill millipedes.
Pillbugs (woodlice of the family Armadillidiidae) can be confused with pill millipedes. Both of these groups of terrestrial segmented arthropods are about the same size. They live in very similar habitats, and they can both roll up into a ball. Pill millipedes and pillbugs appear superficially similar to the naked eye. This is an example of convergent evolution.
Pill millipedes can be distinguished from woodlice on the basis of having two pairs of legs per body segment instead of one pair like all isopods. Pill millipedes also have thirteen body segments, whereas the woodlouse has eleven. In addition, pill millipedes are smoother, and resemble normal millipedes in overall colouring and the shape of the segments.
Ecology.
Though today found worldwide, woodlouse populations in the Americas arrived from Europe by sea alongside humans.
Living in a terrestrial environment, woodlice breathe through trachea-like lungs in their paddle-shaped hind legs (pleopods), called pleopodal lungs. Woodlice need moisture because they rapidly lose water by excretion and through their cuticle, and so are usually found in damp, dark places, such as under rocks and logs, although one species, "Hemilepistus reaumuri", inhabits "the driest habitat conquered by any species of crustacean". They are usually nocturnal and are detritivores, feeding mostly on dead plant matter.
A few woodlice have returned to water. Evolutionary ancient species are amphibious, such as the marine-intertidal sea slater ("Ligia oceanica"), which belongs to family Ligiidae.
Other examples include some "Haloniscus" species from Australia (family Scyphacidae), and in the northern hemisphere several species of Trichoniscidae and "Thailandoniscus annae" (family Styloniscidae). Species for which aquatic life is assumed include "Typhlotricholigoides aquaticus" (Mexico) and "Cantabroniscus primitivus" (Spain).
Woodlice are eaten by a wide range of insectivores, but the only animals known to prey exclusively on woodlice are spiders of the genus "Dysdera", such as the woodlouse spider "Dysdera crocata".
Woodlice as pests.
Although woodlice, like earthworms, are generally considered beneficial in gardens for their role in producing compost and overturning the soil, they have also been known to feed on cultivated plants, such as ripening strawberries and tender seedlings.
Woodlice can also invade homes en masse in search of moisture and their presence can indicate dampness problems. However, they are not generally regarded as a serious household pest as they do not spread disease and do not damage wood or structures.
British Isles.
There are over 45 native or naturalised species of woodlouse in the British Isles, ranging in colour and in size () of which only five are common: "Oniscus asellus" (the common shiny woodlouse), "Porcellio scaber" (the common rough woodlouse), "Philoscia muscorum" (the common striped woodlouse), "Trichoniscus pusillus" (the common pygmy woodlouse), and "Armadillidium vulgare" (the common pill bug).

</doc>
<doc id="18307618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307618" title="Karen Horney">
Karen Horney

Karen Horney (born Danielsen, 16 September 1885 – 4 December 1952) was a German psychoanalyst who practiced in the United States during her later career. Her theories questioned some traditional Freudian views. This was particularly true of her theories of sexuality and of the instinct orientation of psychoanalysis. She is credited with founding Feminist Psychology in response to Freud's theory of penis envy. She disagreed with Freud about inherent differences in the psychology of men and women, and she traced such differences to society and culture rather than biology. As such, she is often classified as Neo-Freudian.
Early life.
Horney was born Karen Danielsen on 16 September 1885 in Blankenese, Germany, near Hamburg. Her father, Berndt Wackels Danielsen (1836–1910), was a ship's captain, a traditional devout with a patriarchal thinking (his children nicknamed him "the Bible-thrower"). Her mother, Clotilde, née van Ronzelen (1853–1911), known as "Sonni", was very different, being much more open-minded than Berndt. Horney's elder brother was also named Berndt, and Karen cared for him deeply. She also had four elder half-siblings from her father's previous marriage.
According to Horney's adolescent diaries her father was "a cruel disciplinary figure," holding his son Berndt in higher regard than herself. Instead of being offended or feeling indignation over Karen's perceptions of him, her father brought her gifts from far-away countries. Despite this, Karen always felt deprived of her father's affection and instead became attached to her mother.
From roughly the age of nine Karen changed her perspective on life, becoming ambitious and somewhat rebellious. She felt that she could not become pretty and instead decided to vest her energies into her intellectual qualities — despite the fact she was seen by most as pretty. At this time she developed a crush on her older brother, who became embarrassed by her attentions — soon pushing her away. She suffered the first of several bouts of depression — an issue that would plague her for the rest of her life.
Education and youth.
In 1904, Karen's mother left her father (though they were never divorced), taking the children with her. In 1906, Karen entered medical school supported by her mother but was opposed by her father. [http://www.muskingum.edu/~psych/psycweb/history/horney.htm] The University of Freiburg was in fact one of the first institutions throughout Germany to enroll women in medical courses—with higher education only becoming available to women in Germany in 1900. By 1908, Horney had transferred to the University of Göttingen, and would transfer once more to the University of Berlin before her graduation in 1913. Attending several universities was common at the time to gain a basic medical education.
It was during her time as a medical student that she met Oskar Horney, whom she married by 1909. The following year Horney gave birth to a daughter, Brigitte, who was to be the first of three daughters. By this time Karen had refined her interests and was keen to pursue study in the then pioneering pursuit of psychoanalysis. Horney's mother died in 1911, an event which put much strain on the young Karen. Her marriage with Oskar proved consistent with Freudian theory; he was just as authoritarian and strict with his children as Karen's own father was with his. During these years, Karen was receptive to having her children raised in this atmosphere; it was only later, during the 1920s, that her attitude towards rearing children changed.
Career and works.
In 1920, Horney took up a position within the Institute for Psychoanalysis in Berlin, where she lectured on psychoanalysis for several years. She also taught at The New School in New York City. Karl Abraham, a correspondent of Sigmund Freud, regarded Karen Horney as an extensively gifted analyst and teacher of psychoanalysis.
By 1923, Oskar Horney's firm had become insolvent, with Oskar developing meningitis soon thereafter. Oskar rapidly became embittered, morose and argumentative. It was also in 1923 that Karen's brother died of a pulmonary infection. Both these events contributed to a worsening of Karen's mental health. She entered into a second state of abject depression; she swam out to sea during a vacation and considered committing suicide.
In 1926, Karen and her three daughters moved out of Oskar's house. Four years later, they moved to the United States, eventually settling in Brooklyn. Brooklyn was home to a large intellectual community, due in part to a high influx of Jewish refugees from Europe, particularly Germany. It was in Brooklyn that Karen became friends with academics such as Erich Fromm and Harry Stack Sullivan, at one point embarking on an intimate relationship with the former, which ended bitterly.
Horney quickly set about establishing herself. Her first career posting in the United States was as the Associate Director of the Chicago Institute for Psychoanalysis. It was while living in Brooklyn that Horney developed and advanced her composite theories regarding neurosis and personality, based on experiences gained from working in psychotherapy. In 1937 she published the book "The Neurotic Personality of Our Time", which had wide popular readership. By 1941, Horney was Dean of the American Institute of Psychoanalysis, a training institute for those who were interested in Horney's own organization, the Association for the Advancement of Psychoanalysis. Horney founded this organization after becoming dissatisfied with the generally strict, orthodox nature of the psychoanalytic community.
Horney's deviation from Freudian psychology led to her resigning from her post, and she soon took up teaching in the New York Medical College. She also founded a journal, named the "American Journal of Psychoanalysis". She taught at the New York Medical College and continued practicing as a psychiatrist until her death in 1952.
Theory of neurosis.
Horney looked at neurosis in a different light from other psychoanalysts of the time. Her expansive interest in the subject led her to compile a detailed theory of neurosis, with data from her patients. Horney believed neurosis to be a continuous process—with neuroses commonly occurring sporadically in one's lifetime. This was in contrast to the opinions of her contemporaries who believed neurosis was, like more severe mental conditions, a negative malfunction of the mind in response to external stimuli, such as bereavement, divorce or negative experiences during childhood and adolescence.
Horney believed these assumptions to be less important, except for influences during childhood. Rather, she placed significant emphasis on parental indifference towards the child, believing that a child's perception of events, as opposed to the parent's intentions, is the key to understanding a person's neurosis. For instance, a child might feel a lack of warmth and affection should a parent make fun of the child's feelings. The parent may also casually neglect to fulfill promises, which in turn could have a detrimental effect on the child's mental state.
From her experiences as a psychiatrist, Horney named ten patterns of neurotic needs. These ten needs are based upon things which she thought all humans require to succeed in life. Horney modified these needs somewhat to correspond with what she believed were individuals' neuroses. A neurotic person could theoretically exhibit all of these needs, though in practice much fewer than the ten here need to be present for a person to be considered a neurotic. The ten needs, as set out by Horney, (classified according to her so-called coping strategies) are as follows:
Moving Toward People
Moving Against People
Moving Away from People
Upon investigating the ten needs further, Horney found she was able to condense them into three broad categories:
Compliance
Needs one and two were assimilated into the "compliance" category. This category is seen as a process of "moving towards people", or self-effacement. Under Horney's theory children facing difficulties with parents often use this strategy. Fear of helplessness and abandonment occurs—phenomena Horney refers to as "basic anxiety". Those within the compliance category tend to exhibit a need for affection and approval on the part of their peers. They may also seek out a partner, somebody to confide in, fostering the belief that, in turn, all of life's problems would be solved by the new cohort. A lack of demands and a desire for inconspicuousness both occur in these individuals.
Aggression
Needs three through seven were assimilated into the "aggression" category, also called the "moving against people", or the "expansive" solution. Neurotic children or adults within this category often exhibit anger or basic hostility to those around them. That is, there is a need for power, a need for control and exploitation, and a maintenance of a facade of omnipotence. Manipulative qualities aside, under Horney's assertions the aggressive individual may also wish for social recognition, not necessarily in terms of limelight, but in terms of simply being known (perhaps feared) by subordinates and peers alike. In addition, the individual has needs for a degree of personal admiration by those within this person's social circle and, lastly, for raw personal achievement. These characteristics comprise the "aggressive" neurotic type. Aggressive types also tend to keep people away from them. On the other hand, they only care about their wants and needs. They would do whatever they can to be happy and wouldn't desist from hurting anyone.
Detachment
Needs eight through ten were assimilated into the "detachment" category, also called the "moving-away-from" or "resigning" solution or a detached personality. As neither aggression nor compliance solve parental indifference, Horney recognized that children might simply try to become self-sufficient. The withdrawing neurotic may disregard others in a non-aggressive manner, regarding solitude and independence as the way forth. The stringent needs for perfection comprise another part of this category; those withdrawing may strive for perfection above all else, to the point where being flawed is utterly unacceptable. Everything the "detached" type does must be unassailable and refined. They suppress or deny all feelings towards others, particularly love and hate.
Narcissism.
Horney saw narcissism quite differently from Freud, Kohut and other mainstream psychoanalytic theorists in that she did not posit a primary narcissism but saw the narcissistic personality as the product of a certain kind of early environment acting on a certain kind of temperament. For her, narcissistic needs and tendencies are not inherent in human nature.
Narcissism is different from Horney's other major defensive strategies or solutions in that it is not compensatory. Self-idealization is compensatory in her theory, but it differs from narcissism. All the defensive strategies involve self-idealization, but in the narcissistic solution it tends to be the product of indulgence rather than of deprivation. The narcissist's self-esteem is not strong, however, because it is not based on genuine accomplishments.
Neo-Freudianism.
Horney, together with fellow psychoanalyst Alfred Adler, formed the Neo-Freudian discipline.
While Horney acknowledged and agreed with Freud on many issues, she was also critical of him on several key beliefs.
Like many who held opposing views with Freud, Horney felt that sex and aggression were not the primary constituents for determining personality. Also Freud's notion of "penis envy" in particular was subject to general criticism by Horney. She thought Freud had merely stumbled upon women's jealousy of men's generic power in the world. Horney accepted that penis envy might occur occasionally in neurotic women, but stated that "womb envy" occurs just as much in men: Horney felt that men were envious of a woman's ability to bear children. The degree to which men are driven to success may be merely a substitute for the fact that they cannot carry, nurture and bear children. Horney also thought that men were envious of women because they fulfill their position in society by simply 'being', whereas men achieve their manhood according to their ability to provide and succeed.
Horney was bewildered by psychiatrists' tendency to place so much emphasis on the male sexual organ. Horney also reworked the Freudian Oedipal complex of the sexual elements, claiming that the clinging to one parent and jealousy of the other was simply the result of anxiety, caused by a disturbance in the parent-child relationship.
Despite these variances with the prevalent Freudian view, Horney strove to reformulate Freudian thought, presenting a holistic, humanistic view of the individual psyche which placed much emphasis on cultural and social differences worldwide.
Mature theory.
Near the end of her career, Karen Horney summarized her ideas in "Neurosis and Human Growth: The Struggle Toward Self-Realization", her major work published in 1950. It is in this book that she summarizes her ideas regarding neurosis, clarifying her three neurotic "solutions" to the stresses of life. The expansive solution became a tripartite combination of narcissistic, perfectionistic and arrogant-vindictive approaches to life. (Horney had previously focused on the psychiatric concept of narcissism in a book published in 1939, "New Ways in Psychoanalysis"). Her other two neurotic "solutions" were also a refinement of her previous views: self-effacement, or submission to others, and resignation, or detachment from others. She described case studies of symbiotic relationships between arrogant-vindictive and self-effacing individuals, labeling such a relationship bordering on sadomasochism as a "morbid dependency". She believed that individuals in the neurotic categories of narcissism and resignation were much less susceptible to such relationships of co-dependency with an arrogant-vindictive neurotic.
While non-neurotic individuals may strive for these needs, neurotics exhibit a much deeper, more willful and concentrated desire to fulfill the said needs.
Theory of the self.
Horney also shared Abraham Maslow's view that self-actualization is something that all people strive for. By "self" she understood the core of one's own being and potential. Horney believed that if we have an accurate conception of our own self, then we are free to realize our potential and achieve what we wish, within reasonable boundaries. Thus, she believed that self-actualization is the healthy person's aim through life—as opposed to the neurotic's clinging to a set of key needs.
According to Horney we can have two views of our self: the "real self" and the "ideal self". The real self is who and what we actually are. The ideal self is the type of person we feel that we should be. The real self has the potential for growth, happiness, will power, realization of gifts, etc., but it also has deficiencies. The ideal self is used as a model to assist the real self in developing its potential and achieving self-actualization. (Engler 125) But it is important to know the differences between our ideal and real self.
The neurotic person's self is split between an idealized self and a real self. As a result, neurotic individuals feel that they somehow do not live up to the ideal self. They feel that there is a flaw somewhere in comparison to what they "should" be. The goals set out by the neurotic are not realistic, or indeed possible. The real self then degenerates into a "despised self", and the neurotic person assumes that this is the "true" self. Thus, the neurotic is like a clock's pendulum, oscillating between a fallacious "perfection" and a manifestation of self-hate. Horney referred to this phenomenon as the "tyranny of the shoulds" and the neurotic's hopeless "search for glory". She concluded that these ingrained traits of the psyche forever prevent an individual's potential from being actualized unless the cycle of neurosis is somehow broken, through treatment.
Feminine psychology.
Horney was also a pioneer in the discipline of feminine psychiatry. As one of the first female psychiatrists, she was the first of her gender to present a paper regarding feminine psychiatry. The fourteen papers she wrote between 1922 and 1937 were amalgamated into a single volume titled "Feminine Psychology". As a woman, she felt that the mapping out of trends in female behaviour was a neglected issue. In her essay entitled "The Problem of Feminine Masochism" Horney felt she proved that cultures and societies worldwide encouraged women to be dependent on men for their love, prestige, wealth, care and protection. She pointed out that in the society, a will to please, satiate and overvalue men had emerged. Women were regarded as objects of charm and beauty—at variance with every human being's ultimate purpose of self-actualization.
Women, according to Horney, traditionally gain value only through their children and the wider family. She touched further on this subject in her essay "The Distrust Between the Sexes" in which she compared the husband-wife relationship to a parent-child relationship—one of misunderstanding and one which breeds detrimental neuroses. Most notably her work "The Problem of the Monogamous Ideal" was fixed upon marriage, as were six other of Horney's papers. Her essay "Maternal Conflicts" attempted to shed new light on the problems women experience when raising adolescents.
Horney believed that both men and women have a drive to be ingenious and productive. Women are able to satisfy this need normally and interiorly—to do this they become pregnant and give birth. Men please this need only through external ways; Horney proposed that the striking accomplishments of men in work or some other field can be viewed as compensation for their inability to give birth to children.
Horney developed her ideas to the extent that she released one of the first "self-help" books in 1946, entitled "Are You Considering Psychoanalysis?". The book asserted that those, both male and female, with relatively minor neurotic problems could, in effect, be their own psychiatrists. She continually stressed that self-awareness was a part of becoming a better, stronger, richer human being.
Karen Horney Clinic.
The Karen Horney Clinic opened on May 6, 1955 in New York City, in honor of Horney's achievements. The institution seeks to research and train medical professionals, particularly in the psychiatric fields, as well as serving as a low-cost treatment center. The Clinic has recently witnessed an increase of patients not suitable for psychoanalysis for different reasons. These patients are treated with psychotherapeutic modalities such as supportive psychotherapy, and psychoanalytic psychotherapy, all based on Horney’s ideas.
Works.
The following are all still in print:

</doc>
<doc id="18307630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307630" title="Savage Pellucidar">
Savage Pellucidar

Savage Pellucidar is a 1962 fantasy story collection by Edgar Rice Burroughs, the seventh and final book in his series about the fictional "hollow earth" land of Pellucidar. It was published twelve years after Burroughs's death.
Like a number of other posthumously published books by Burroughs, this book is not a novel but a collection of short stories. Three of the stories, "The Return to Pellucidar," "Men of the Bronze Age," and "Tiger Girl," were published in Amazing Stories between 1941 and 1942 and a fourth, "Savage Pellucidar," was published for the first time after being discovered in a safe by Burroughs's son Hulbert in the early 1960s.
Plot.
'The Return to Pellucidar'. David Innes goes for a war and becomes a POW again, while Abner Perry makes a balloon, which escapes with Dian the Beautiful in it.
'Men of the Bronze Age'. Dian meets the people who have advanced to bronze age and is made a goddess.
'Tiger Girl'. David Innes goes after Dian in another balloon, he plays the role of a god.
'Savage Pellucidar'. Two separate search parties are looking for the lost ones without knowing the other has already found the ones they are seeking.
Copyright.
The copyright for this story was renewed in the United States on 9 December 1991 by Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc. (renewal reference number: RE0000570901). The copyright should therefore expire in the United States on 1 January 2059. The copyright for this story has expired in Australia, and thus now resides in the public domain there. The text is available via Project Gutenberg Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18307634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307634" title="List of National Basketball Association players (D)">
List of National Basketball Association players (D)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with D.
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18307654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307654" title="Dúngal mac Cellaig">
Dúngal mac Cellaig

Dúngal mac Cellaig (died 772) was a King of Osraige in modern County Kilkenny. He ruled from 770 to 772. He was of the dynasty known as the Dál Birn that ruled over Osraige in the early Christian period and was the son of Cellach mac Fáelchair (died 735), a previous king.
The Osraige plunged into civil war upon the death of Anmchad mac Con Cherca after 761. Tóim Snáma mac Flainn was opposed by the sons of Cellach, presumably Dúngal and in 761 they were defeated by Tóim Snáma and were put to flight. In 770 Tóim Snáma was slain presumably by Dúngal.

</doc>
<doc id="18307666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307666" title="Albert B. Douglas">
Albert B. Douglas

Albert B. Douglas (September 2, 1912 – March 6, 1971) was the eldest of the five sons of Will and Clara Douglas. He was the first person born in Briercrest, Saskatchewan, Canada. A Saskatchewan wheat farmer, he was a member of parliament elected during the 28th Canadian Parliament on June 25, 1969 representing the Assiniboia riding.
Expanded description.
If an event that occurred in the life of the subject requires further explanation, elaborate.
Expanded description.
If an event that occurred in the life of the subject requires further explanation, elaborate.
Marriage and children.
If the subject married and produced offspring, describe the marriage and list the immediate offspring.
Death and afterward.
["If applicable"] Legacy If any, describe. See Charles Darwin for example.
Philosophical and/or political views.
Wikipedia is for individuals to espouse their views. However, views held by politicians, writers, and others may be "summarize" in their biography only to the extent those views are covered by that are "independent" of the control of the politician, writer, etc.
Published works.
If any, list the works organized by date of publication. See Charles Darwin for example.

</doc>
<doc id="18307734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307734" title="Oram">
Oram

Oram is an Old Norse surname particularly found in the North of England. Notable people with this surname are:

</doc>
<doc id="18307757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307757" title="Ellen DeGeneres">
Ellen DeGeneres

Ellen Lee DeGeneres (; born January 26, 1958) is an American stand-up comedian, television host, and actress. She was the star in the popular sitcom "Ellen" from 1994 to 1998, and has her syndicated talk show "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" since 2003.
Her stand up career started in the early 1980s, culminating in a 1986 appearance on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson", who likened her to Bob Newhart, and invited her for an onscreen chat after her set. She was the first comedienne invited by Johnny Carson to join him, a national, and the most influential endorsement available at the time for comics. As a film actress, she starred in "Mr. Wrong" (1996), appeared in "EDtv" (1999), and "The Love Letter" (1999), and provided the voice of Dory in the Disney-Pixar animated film "Finding Nemo" (2003), for which she was awarded the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress, the only time a voice performance has won a Saturn Award. In 2010 she was a judge on "American Idol" for its ninth season. 
She starred in two television sitcoms, "Ellen" from 1994 to 1998, and "The Ellen Show" from 2001 to 2002. During the fourth season of "Ellen" in 1997, she came out publicly as lesbian in an appearance on "The Oprah Winfrey Show". Shortly afterwards, her character, Ellen Morgan, also came out to a therapist played by Winfrey, and the series went on to explore various LGBT issues including the coming-out process. In 2008, she married her long-term girlfriend Portia de Rossi.
DeGeneres has hosted the Academy Awards, Grammy Awards, and the Primetime Emmys. She has authored three books, and started her own record company, Eleveneleven. She has won 13 Emmys, 14 People's Choice Awards, and numerous other awards for her work and charitable efforts.
Early life and education.
DeGeneres was born and raised in Metairie, Louisiana, the daughter of Elizabeth Jane "Betty" Pfeffer, a speech therapist, and Elliott Everett DeGeneres, an insurance agent. She has one brother, Vance, a musician and producer. She is of French, English, German, and Irish descent. She was raised as a Christian Scientist until age 13. In 1973, her parents filed for separation and were divorced the following year. Shortly after, Ellen's mother married Roy Gruessendorf, a salesman. Betty Jane and Ellen moved with Gruessendorf from the New Orleans area to Atlanta, Texas. Vance stayed with his father. On a February 2011 episode of her show, she told her studio audience of a letter from the New England Historic Genealogical Society confirming she is 15th cousin to Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge via their shared common ancestor Thomas Fairfax.
DeGeneres graduated from Atlanta High School in May 1976, after completing her first years of high school at Grace King High School in Metairie, Louisiana. She moved back to New Orleans to attend the University of New Orleans, where she majored in communication studies. After one semester, she left school to do clerical work in a law firm with a cousin, Laura Gillen. She also held a job selling clothes at the chain store the Merry-Go-Round at the Lakeside Shopping Center. Her early jobs included working at J. C. Penney, being a waitress at TGI Friday's and another restaurant, a house painter, a hostess, and a bartender. She relates much of her childhood and career experiences in her comedic work.
Stand-up comedy.
DeGeneres started performing stand-up comedy at small clubs and coffee houses. By 1981 she was the emcee at Clyde's Comedy Club in New Orleans. DeGeneres cites Woody Allen and Steve Martin as her main influences at this time. In the early 1980s she began to tour nationally; and, she was named Showtime's "Funniest Person in America" in 1982. In 1986, she appeared for the first time on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson", who likened her to Bob Newhart. When Carson invited her for an onscreen chat after her performance, she became the first comedienne to have been offered that opportunity.
Film career.
Early screen work.
Ellen's television and film work in the late 1980s and early 1990s included roles on television in "Open House" and in the film "Coneheads". In 1992, producers Neal Marlens and Carol Black cast DeGeneres in their sitcom "Laurie Hill", in the role of Nurse Nancy MacIntyre. The series was canceled after only four episodes, but Marlens and Black were so impressed with DeGeneres' performance that they soon cast her in their next ABC pilot, "These Friends of Mine", which they co-created with David S. Rosenthal.
"Ellen's Energy Adventure".
DeGeneres starred in a series of films for a show named "Ellen's Energy Adventure", which is part of the Universe of Energy attraction and pavilion at Walt Disney World's Epcot. The film also featured Bill Nye, Alex Trebek, Michael Richards, and Jamie Lee Curtis. The show revolved around DeGeneres's falling asleep and finding herself in an energy-themed version of "Jeopardy!", playing against an old rival, portrayed by Curtis, and Albert Einstein. The next film had DeGeneres hosting an educational look at energy, co-hosted with Nye. The ride first opened on September 15, 1996, as "Ellen's Energy Crisis", but was quickly renamed to the more positive-sounding "Ellen's Energy Adventure".
Television career.
"Open House" (1989–1990).
DeGeneres's first regular TV role was in a short-lived Fox sitcom called "Open House". She played the role of Margo Van Meter, an office worker at the Juan Verde Real Estate company. The show co-starred Alison LaPlaca and Mary Page Keller.
"Ellen" (1994–1998).
DeGeneres's comedy material became the basis of the successful 1994–1998 sitcom "Ellen", named "These Friends of Mine" during its first season. The ABC show was popular in its first few seasons due in part to DeGeneres's style of observational humor; it was often referred to as a "female "Seinfeld"."
"Ellen" reached its height of popularity in February 1997, when DeGeneres made her homosexuality public on "The Oprah Winfrey Show". Subsequently her character on the sitcom came out of the closet in April to her therapist, played by Oprah Winfrey, revealing that she's gay. The coming-out episode, titled "The Puppy Episode", was one of the highest-rated episodes of the show. The series returned for a fifth season, but experienced falling ratings due to ABC's cutting back on promoting the show. It was believed that The Walt Disney Company, ABC's parent owner, had become uncomfortable with the subject matter depicted on the show now that DeGeneres' character was openly gay. In May 1998, "Ellen" was canceled. DeGeneres returned to the stand-up comedy circuit, and later re-established herself as a successful talk show host.
"The Ellen Show".
DeGeneres returned to series television in 2001 with a new CBS sitcom, "The Ellen Show".
"The Ellen DeGeneres Show".
DeGeneres launched a daytime television talk show, "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" in September 2003. Amid a crop of several celebrity-hosted talk shows surfacing at the beginning of that season, such as those of Sharon Osbourne and Rita Rudner, her show has consistently risen in the Nielsen ratings and received widespread critical praise. It was nominated for 11 Daytime Emmy Awards in its first season, winning four, including Best Talk Show. The show has won 25 Emmy Awards in its first three seasons on the air. DeGeneres is known for her dancing and singing with the audience at the beginning of the show and during commercial breaks. She often gives away free prizes and trips to be in her show's studio audience with the help of her sponsors.
DeGeneres celebrated her thirty-year class reunion by flying her graduating class to California to be guests on her show in February 2006. She presented Atlanta High School with a surprise gift of a new electronic LED marquee sign. In May 2006, DeGeneres made a surprise appearance at the Tulane University commencement in New Orleans. Following George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton to the podium, she came out in a bathrobe and furry slippers. "They told me everyone would be wearing robes," she said. Ellen then went on to make another commencement speech at Tulane in 2009.
The show broadcast for a week from Universal Studios Orlando in March 2007. Skits included DeGeneres going on the Hulk Roller Coaster Ride and the Jaws Boat Ride. In May 2007, DeGeneres was placed on bed rest due to a torn ligament in her back. She continued hosting her show from a hospital bed, tended to by a nurse, explaining "the show must go on, as they say." Guests sat in hospital beds as well. On May 1, 2009, DeGeneres celebrated her 1000th episode, featuring celebrity guests such as Oprah Winfrey, Justin Timberlake, and Paris Hilton, among others. 
"American Idol".
On September 9, 2009, it was confirmed that DeGeneres would replace Paula Abdul as a judge of the ninth season of "American Idol". Her role started after the contestant auditions, at the beginning of "Hollywood Week". It is reported that DeGeneres also signed a contract to be a judge on the show for at least five seasons. She made her "American Idol" debut on February 9, 2010. However, on July 29, 2010, DeGeneres and Fox executives announced that the comedienne would be leaving "American Idol" after one season. In a statement, DeGeneres said that the series "didn't feel like the right fit for me".
Award shows.
2001 Emmy Awards.
DeGeneres received wide exposure on November 4, 2001, when she hosted the televised broadcast of the Emmy Awards. Presented after two cancellations due to network concerns that a lavish ceremony following the September 11 attacks would appear insensitive, the show required a more somber tone that would also allow viewers to temporarily forget the tragedy. DeGeneres received several standing ovations for her performance that evening, which included the line: "What would bug the Taliban more than seeing a gay woman in a suit surrounded by Jews?"
In August 2005, DeGeneres hosted the 2005 Primetime Emmy Awards ceremony held on September 18, 2005. This was three weeks after Hurricane Katrina, making it the second time she hosted the Emmys following a national tragedy. She also hosted the Grammy Awards in 1996 and in 1997.
79th Academy Awards.
On September 7, 2006, DeGeneres was selected to host the 79th Academy Awards ceremony, which took place on February 25, 2007. This makes her the first openly gay or lesbian person to have hosted the event. During the Awards show, DeGeneres said, "What a wonderful night, such diversity in the room, in a year when there's been so many negative things said about people's race, religion, and sexual orientation. And I want to put this out there: If there weren't blacks, Jews and gays, there would be no Oscars, or anyone named Oscar, when you think about that." Reviews of her hosting gig were positive, with one saying, "DeGeneres rocked, as she never forgot that she wasn't just there to entertain the Oscar nominees but also to tickle the audience at home." Regis Philbin said in an interview that "the only complaint was there's not enough Ellen."
DeGeneres was nominated for an Emmy Award as host of the Academy Awards broadcast.
86th Academy Awards.
On August 2, 2013, it was announced that Ellen will host the Academy Awards on March 2, 2014 for the second time.
A selfie orchestrated by DeGeneres during the March 2, 2014 broadcast is the most retweeted tweet ever. DeGeneres said she wanted to homage Meryl Streep's record 17 Oscar nominations by setting a new record with her, and invited other Oscar celebrities to join them. The resulting photo of twelve celebrities broke the previous retweet record within forty minutes, and was retweeted over 1.8 million times in the first hour. By the end of the ceremony it had been retweeted over 2 million times, less than 24 hours later, it has been retweeted over 2.8 million times. It beat the previous record, 778,801, which was held by Barack Obama, following his victory in the 2012 presidential election.
Other ventures.
Voice acting.
DeGeneres lent her voice to the role of Dory, a fish with short-term memory loss, in the 2003 animated Disney/Pixar film "Finding Nemo". The film's director, Andrew Stanton, claimed that he chose Ellen because she "changed the subject five times before one sentence had finished" on her show. For her performance as Dory, DeGeneres won the Saturn Award from the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films for "Best Supporting Actress"; "Favorite Voice from an Animated Movie" from the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards; and the Annie Award from the International Animated Film Association for "Outstanding Voice Acting". She was also nominated for a Chicago Film Critics Association Award in the "Best Supporting Actress" category. She also provided the voice of the dog in the prologue of the Eddie Murphy feature film "Dr. Dolittle". Her win of the Saturn Award marked the first and only time the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films has given the acting award for a voice performance.
Commercial spokeswoman.
In November 2004, DeGeneres appeared, dancing, in an ad campaign for American Express. Her most recent American Express commercial, a two-minute black-and-white spot in which she works with animals, debuted in November 2006 and was created by Ogilvy & Mather. In 2007, the commercial won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Commercial.
DeGeneres began working with Cover Girl Cosmetics in September 2008, for which she has been criticized, as her animal-friendly values clash with Procter and Gamble's (the maker of Cover Girl Cosmetics) animal testing. Her face is the focus of new Cover Girl advertisements starting in January 2009. The beauty campaign will be DeGeneres's first.
On December 3, 2011, DeGeneres headlined the third annual “Change Begins Within” gala for the David Lynch Foundation held at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art.
In spring 2012, DeGeneres became the spokesperson for J. C. Penney in a tour and advertising campaign.
Eleveneleven.
On May 26, 2010, Ellen announced on her show that she was starting her own record label entitled "eleveneleven". Ellen explained her choice of name, claiming that she often sees the number when looking at her clocks, that she found Greyson on the 11th, and that the singer's soccer jersey has the number 11. She mentioned that she had been looking for videos of performances on YouTube to start her label.
The first act she signed to the label is Greyson Chance.
Personal life.
In 2007, "Forbes" estimated DeGeneres's net worth at US$65 million. Madonna is DeGeneres' eleventh cousin.
She is a fan of the National Football League, and has shown particular support for the New Orleans Saints and the Green Bay Packers. In 2011, she attended a Saints practice dressed as Packers Hall of Famer Don Hutson.
Sexual orientation and relationships.
In 1997, DeGeneres came out as lesbian. The bold disclosure of her sexual orientation sparked clamorous interest by American tabloids. The contentiousness of the media coverage stunted DeGeneres' professional career and left her "mired in depression". That same year, she started a romantic relationship with actress Anne Heche that lasted until August 2000. In her book "Love, Ellen", DeGeneres's mother, Betty DeGeneres describes being initially shocked when her daughter came out, but has become one of her strongest supporters; she is also an active member of Parents & Friends of Lesbians and Gays (PFLAG) and spokesperson for the Human Rights Campaign's Coming Out Project.
From 2001 to 2004, DeGeneres maintained a close affair with actress/director/photographer Alexandra Hedison. The couple appeared on the cover of "The Advocate" after their separation had already been announced to the media.
Since 2004, DeGeneres has had a relationship with Portia de Rossi. After the overturn of the same-sex marriage ban in California, DeGeneres announced on a May 2008 show that she and de Rossi were engaged, and gave de Rossi a three-carat pink diamond ring. They were married on August 16, 2008, at their home, with nineteen guests including their mothers. The passage of Proposition 8 cast doubt on the legal status of their marriage, but a subsequent California Supreme Court judgment validated it because it occurred before November 4, 2008. DeGeneres and de Rossi live in Beverly Hills, with three dogs and four cats. On August 6, 2010, de Rossi filed a petition to legally change her name to Portia Lee James DeGeneres The petition was granted on September 23, 2010.
Veganism and animal rights.
DeGeneres is a vegan who calls herself a "big animal lover". De Rossi is a vegan as well. Ellen co-ordinates a vegan outreach website titled 'Going Vegan with Ellen'. She intended to open a vegan tapas bar, Bokado, in Los Angeles, but plans fell through.
The site for "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" contains a section called "Going Vegan With Ellen," in which she promotes "Meatless Mondays" and features vegan recipes. She has several times invited Humane Society of the United States CEO Wayne Pacelle to speak on her show about the organization's efforts in animal protection legislation. In April 2013, she donated $25,000 to stop Ag-Gag anti-whistleblower legislation in Tennessee, which would prohibit undercover investigators from recording footage of animal abuse on farms.
DeGeneres served as campaign ambassador to Farm Sanctuary's Adopt-A-Turkey Project in 2010, asking people to start "a new tradition by adopting a turkey instead of eating one" at Thanksgiving.
Humanitarianism.
In November 2011, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton named her a Special Envoy for Global AIDS Awareness.
On December 3, 2011, DeGeneres opened the show at the David Lynch Foundation's 3rd annual “Change Begins Within” gala at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art to raise funds to bring Transcendental Meditation to at-risk populations suffering from epidemic levels of chronic stress and stress-related disorders. She says: "“TM is the only time I have that stillness… it gives me this peaceful feeling, and I love it so much. I can’t say enough good things about it. All the benefits that you can achieve from sitting still and going within—it really is a beautiful experience. David Lynch is such a wonderful man to start this foundation to help people.”"

</doc>
<doc id="18307764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307764" title="List of United States Senators in the 15th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 15th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority from March 4, 1817 to March 3, 1819.
Order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term. Behind this is former service as a senator (only giving the Senator seniority within his or her new incoming class), service as Vice President, a House member, a Cabinet secretary, or a governor of a state. The final factor is the population of the senator's state.
The two main parties at this point were the Federalists (F), and Democratic Republicans (DR). At the end of this congress, there was one person elected who was an Anti-Democrat (AD).

</doc>
<doc id="18307770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307770" title="List of National Basketball Association players (E–F)">
List of National Basketball Association players (E–F)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with E or F.
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18307774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307774" title="Intel Corp. v. Hamidi">
Intel Corp. v. Hamidi

Intel Corp. v. Hamidi, 30 Cal. 4th 1342 (2003), is a decision of the California Supreme Court, authored by Associate Justice Kathryn Werdegar. In "Hamidi" the California Supreme Court held that a former Intel Corporation employee's e-mails to current Intel employees, despite requests by Intel to stop sending messages, did not constitute trespass of Intel's e-mail system.
Kourosh Kenneth Hamidi was a former Intel employee who sent e-mails criticizing Intel to current Intel employees. Because the messages caused discussion among employees, Intel asserted that these communications constitute trespass to chattels under California law. The trial court agreed and enjoined Hamidi from sending additional e-mails. Hamidi appealed his decision to the court of Appeal, which affirmed the trial court's decision. The California Supreme Court, by a vote of 4-3, reversed.
The decision was notable because the court declined to extend common law trespass claims to the computer context, absent actual damage. As the court stated:
Intel's claim fails not because e-mail transmitted through the Internet enjoys unique immunity, but because the trespass to chattels tort--unlike the causes of action just mentioned--may not, in California, be proved without evidence of an injury to the plaintiff's personal property or legal interest therein.
In the present case, the claimed injury is located in the disruption or distraction caused to recipients by the contents of the e-mail message an injury entirely separate from, and not directly affecting, the possession or value of personal property.
Background.
Hamidi was a former engineer at Intel's Automotive Group when September 1990, he was injured in a car accident while returning from a business trip on behalf of Intel. He returned to work for 18 months until his worsening physical condition caused him to take a medical leave on January 27, 1992 at the advice of Intel's doctors. He remained on medical leave until he was fired on April 17, 1995 for failing to return to work after the medical leave.
After termination, Hamidi formed a support group for former and current employees of Intel: Associated X-Employees of Intel (AXE-Intel), later renamed Former And Current Employees of Intel (FACE-Intel). Over a 21-Month period, Hamidi sent six waves of e-mails to Intel employees on behalf of the organization. The e-mails were critical of Intel's employment practices and encouraged employees to become involved in FACE-Intel. Each e-mail stated that the recipient could notify the sender to remove them from the mailing list, and Hamidi stopped sending e-mails to those who requested. 
Although some of the e-mails were blocked by Intel's internal filters, Hamidi succeeded in evading blocking efforts by using different sending computers. In March, 1998 Intel demanded that Hamidi and FACE-Intel stop sending e-mails, but he sent another mass e-mail in September, 1998. 
Intel sued Hamidi and FACE-Intel pleading cause of action for trespass to chattel and nuisance seeking damages and an injunction against further messages. Intel later dismissed its nuisance claim and waived the demand for damages. The trial court granted Intel's request for summary judgment and set a permanent injunction against Hamidi and FACE-Intel from sending unsolicited e-mails to the company.
Hamidi appealed the decision, and with one justice dissenting, the appellate court found that Intel "showed he was disrupting its business by using its property and therefore is entitled to injunctive relief based on a theory of trespass to chattels."
The opinion.
The Supreme Court held that Hamidi did not bypass any security barriers to communicate with Intel employees, offering to remove any recipient who did not wish to be on the mailing list. While sending the unsolicited e-mails in bulk, they did not at any point cause damage to Intel computers, nor deprived the company use of their computers. Upon reviewing unauthorized computer contact as trespasses to chattels, in California Law, the tort does not and should not apply to electronic communications that neither damage nor impair the function of the recipient computer systems.
The Court compared the discussion among managers and employees, which Intel described as loss of productivity reading and responding to the messages, as well as setting up internal filters for those messages as no "more than the personal distress caused by reading an unpleasant letter would be an injury to the recipient’s mailbox, or the loss of privacy caused by an intrusive telephone call would be an injury to the recipient’s telephone equipment."
The court asserted that this did not give electronic communications any special immunity, and that like other forms of communications, e-mail can cause damage to recipients and may be actionable under various common law or statutory theories. The reason Intel's claim fails is because in California, trespass of chattels tort may not be proved without evidence of damage to the plaintiff's property or legal interest in the property.
However, if the extraordinary quantity, or opportunity to escalate to an extraordinary quantity of unsolicited commercial e-mails impairs the computer's functioning, then the claimed injury is in the disruption caused by the tremendous burden of the contents of those e-mail messages.

</doc>
<doc id="18307778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307778" title="M. M. Kalburgi">
M. M. Kalburgi

Malleshappa M. Kalburgi (born 1938) is a Kannada-speaking Indian scholar and academic who served as the Vice-Chancellor of Kannada University in Hampi. He was awarded the National Sahitya Akademi award in 2006 for "Marga 4", a collection of hundred of his research articles. 
Kalburgi was born in Yargall village of Sindgi taluk of Bijapur district. His father Madivalappa and mother Guramma were from Yargall. Kalburgi's primary and high school education took place in his village and Sindgi. Kalburgi studied B.A from Bijapur.
Kalburgi completed his M.A. in Kannada from the Karnatak University Dharwar in 1962. In 1966, he was promoted to Professor in the Kannada Department of the Karnatak University. In 1982, he became the Chairperson of the Kannada Department. Later he was Vice-Chancellor of the Kannada University, Hampi and retired from service.
He is a noted Kannada epigraphist and a renowned scholar of the Vachana literature. However, his scholarship on the Vachanas has come under acute criticism in the 21st century. 
Works.
Kalburgi has written over 20 publications, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18307781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307781" title="List of National Basketball Association players (G)">
List of National Basketball Association players (G)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with G. 
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18307788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307788" title="Nitpicking (disambiguation)">
Nitpicking (disambiguation)

Nitpicking may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18307790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307790" title="Edward Plesa, Jr.">
Edward Plesa, Jr.

Edward "Eddie" Plesa, Jr. (born April 25, 1949 in Seattle, Washington) is a Thoroughbred racehorse trainer and owner. The son of jockey and trainer Edward Plesa, Sr., he is married to Laurie and has three children: Luke, Kyle, and Kelsey. The couple currently reside in South Florida. Eddie Plesa is the brother-in-law to Smarty Jones trainer, John Servis, and New Jersey based trainer, Jason Servis.
Eddie Plesa is the son of Italian immigrants and also shares Romanian lineage. His Plesa Racing Stables, is based out of Miami, Florida at Gulfstream Park Racetrack. He also has horses in Ocala, Florida, New York, New Jersey, and Maryland. Plesa's most successful horses include Three Ring, Best of the Rest, BB Best, Hey Byrn, and Gottcha Gold, among others.
Among Plesa's famous clientele, one includes Barry K. Schwartz, former CEO of Calvin Klein and Chairman of the NYRA. Plesa is the brother-in-law to trainer, John Servis.
Eddie Plesa served a two-year term as vice president of the Florida Horsemen's' Benevolent and Protective Association. In 2007 he was inducted into the Calder Race Course Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18307800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307800" title="List of National Basketball Association players (H)">
List of National Basketball Association players (H)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with H.
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18307806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307806" title="Siobhan de Maré">
Siobhan de Maré

Siobhan de Maré is a singer, mostly known from lending her voice to the album Formica Blues by the UK band Mono in 1997. In 2000, she joined Robin Guthrie (formerly of Cocteau Twins) to form Violet Indiana, which varies from shimmery wall of sound style with similarities to dreampop, to sparse single-guitar songs with less effects.
Siobhan has a whispery, ethereal voice.
Albums.
Siobhan has fronted two bands so far in her career, the trip hop sounding "Mono" and guitar based "Violet Indiana". De Mare is currently recording a new collaboration project under the name Swoon and is also in talks with Robin Guthrie for a new Violet Indiana album, both projects are proposed for a 2014 release.

</doc>
<doc id="18307815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307815" title="List of National Basketball Association players (I–J)">
List of National Basketball Association players (I–J)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with I or J. 
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18307833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307833" title="Pipers Hole River Provincial Park">
Pipers Hole River Provincial Park

Pipers Hole River Provincial Park was a provincial park situated near Swift Current, Newfoundland and Labrador. The park was privatized in 1995 as a cost-cutting initiative by the provincial government. Between 1995 and 2008 the new owner failed and abandoned the property, and the park is no longer operating and is no longer a protected area under provincial jurisdiction.

</doc>
<doc id="18307839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307839" title="Sergei Filippenkov">
Sergei Filippenkov

Sergei Aleksandrovich Filippenkov () (born 2 August 1971 in Smolensk) is an association football player who currently works as assistant manager in FC Dnepr Smolensk.
International career.
Filippenkov made his debut for Russia on 11 November 1998 in a friendly against Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="18307843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307843" title="List of National Basketball Association players (K)">
List of National Basketball Association players (K)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with K.
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18307853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307853" title="L. Russell Brown">
L. Russell Brown

L. Russell Brown (born 29 June 1940, Newark, New Jersey) is an American lyricist and composer most noted for his songs, co-written with Irwin Levine, "Tie a Yellow Ribbon Round the Ole Oak Tree" and "Knock Three Times" for the 1970s pop music group Tony Orlando and Dawn. He also wrote The Partridge Family 1971 song, "I Woke Up In Love This Morning".
Brown also co-wrote "C'mon Marianne", a top 10 hit for The Four Seasons in 1967. Many believe that this song's guitar riffs inspired The Doors' "Touch Me".
"C'mon Marianne" is also featured in the Broadway musical Jersey Boys.

</doc>
<doc id="18307859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307859" title="Major Case Squad">
Major Case Squad

The Major Case Squad is a division within some police departments. The detectives of these divisions typically investigate crimes beyond the scope of normal squads. These functions vary from department to department.
New York City Police Department.
The Major Case Squad of the New York City Police Department is located at One Police Plaza in Manhattan, New York City. The squad investigates the following types of cases:
Saint Louis.
The Major Case Squad of Greater St. Louis was formed in 1965 and is a multi-departmental unit charged with investigating major crimes in six Missouri and four Illinois counties. The squad brings together specially trained, and highly experienced investigators and averages an 80% clearance rate.

</doc>
<doc id="18307862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307862" title="List of National Basketball Association players (L)">
List of National Basketball Association players (L)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with L.
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18307875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307875" title="Kernohan's notch">
Kernohan's notch

Kernohan's notch is a cerebral peduncle indentation associated with some forms of transtentorial herniation (uncal herniation). It is a secondary condition caused by a primary injury on the "opposite" hemisphere of the brain. Kernohan's notch is an ipsilateral condition, in that a left-sided primary lesion (in which Kernohan's notch would be on the right side) evokes motor impairment in the left side of the body and a right-sided primary injury evokes motor impairment in the right side of the body. The seriousness of Kernohan's notch varies depending on the primary problem causing it, which may range from benign brain tumors to advanced subdural hematoma.
Mechanism.
Kernohan's notch phenomenon is a result of the compression of the cerebral peduncle, which is part of the mesencephalon, against the tentorium cerebelli due to transtentorial herniation. This produces ipsilateral hemiparesis or hemiplegia
The skull is an incompressible closed space with a limited volume (Monro-Kellie Doctrine). When there is increased cranial pressure in the brain, a shift in the brain forms towards the only opening of the skull, the foramen magnum. Thus, when an increase of pressure in a hemisphere of the brain exists, the cerebral peduncle on the opposite hemisphere is pushed up against the tentorium, which separates the posterior fossa from the middle fossa. This produces a visible "notch" in the cerebral peduncle. Because of the fact that a Kernohan's notch is caused by an injury creating pressure on the opposite hemisphere of the brain, it is characterized as a false localizing sign.
The Kernohan's notch phenomenon is unique in that it is not only a false localizing sign, but is also ipsilateral or same-sided. The left cerebral peduncle contains motor fibers that cross over to the right side of the body. Thus, if you have a right hemisphere trans-tentorial herniation, it causes a Kernohan's notch in the left cerebral peduncle which results in right-sided motor impairment. Therefore you get, paradoxically, impairment of motor function on the same side of the body as the herniation which caused the Kernohan's notch on the controlateral side.
Causes.
The Kernohan's notch is a secondary phenomenon that results from a major primary injury. Non-tumoral, non-traumatic, intracranial haemorrhage rarely causes this phenomenon.
A wide range of serious injuries can cause an increase in intracranial pressure to trigger the formation of a Kernohan's notch. In general, this phenomenon occurs in patients with advanced brain tumor or severe head injury. In the case of severe head injury, a clot can occur over the surface of the brain and can often cause shift of the middle part of the brain against the tentorium, which creates the Kernohan's notch. Chronic subdural hematomas have been known to be a familiar cause of Kernohan's notch.
MRIs have shown evidence of Kernohan's notch from patients with traumatic head injury that are related to acute space-occupying lesions such as subdural hematoma, epidural hematoma, depressed skull fracture, or spontaneous intracerebral hematoma.
Also, it is important to note that the anatomical size of tentorial notches vary considerably between individuals; however, very little evidence supports that a more narrow notch creates a predisposition towards Kernohan's notch.
Signs and symptoms.
Symptoms directly related to the Kernohan's notch is most commonly paralysis or weakness on one side of the body (ipsilateral paralysis / paresis), the so-called Kernohan's sign. Paralysis and weakness is known as hemiplegia and hemiparesis, respectively. This is due to destruction or pressure applied to the motor fibers located in the cerebral peduncle. A more rare sign of Kernohan's notch is ipsilateral oculomotor nerve palsy.
However, most patients come into the clinic citing symptoms associated with the primary injury causing the Kernohan's notch. Since so many types of head injuries exist, virtually any symptom of brain trauma can be seen accompanying Kernohan's notch. These symptoms may range from total paralysis to simple headache, nausea, and vomiting.
Diagnosis.
Because of the ipsilateral characteristic of Kernohan's notch, diagnosis is unique. Many clinicians assume a right sided paralysis corresponds with an injury in the left hemisphere of the brain and misdiagnose Kernohan's notch. Despite this complication that ipsilateral paralysis causes, it makes it very easy to diagnose when coupled with imaging techniques. For example, when seeing an MRI of a blood clot on the left side of the brain coupled with left-sided paralysis, it immediately points to Kernohan's notch.
In most head trauma cases, CT scans are the standard diagnostic method; however it is not ideal for imaging small lesions, so MRI is used to identify Kernohan's notch. It is important to distinguish Kernohan's notch from direct brain stem injuries. Case studies have shown that in patients with chronic subdural hematoma, a compressive deformity of the crus cerebri without an abnormal MRI signal may predict a better recovery in patients with Kernohan's notch.
Treatments.
There is no special treatment for Kernohan's notch since treatment is completely dependent on the injury causing it. The pressure against the tentorium should be relieved and the notch should go away. However, this does not mean that damage to the motor fibers disappears. Depending on the severity of the injury, there may or may not be persistent damage after pressure relief. Neurological deficits may resolve after surgery, but some degree of deficit, especially motor weakness, generally remains.
Pressure relief to "un-notch" the cerebral peduncle may include the removal of brain tumors and blood clots or the suction of blood from a drilled hole in the skull.
Case studies.
Kernohan's notch and misdiagnosis.
The ipsilateral and false localizing signs characteristic of Kernohan's notch sometimes cause confusion and result in misdiagnosis. Such a case is described in an account by Wolf at the University Hospital in Groningen, Netherlands:
Ruptured occipital arteriovenous malformation.
Kernohan's notch phenomenon associated with a ruptured arteriovenous malformation (AVM) is rare, but not unknown. This was accounted for in a case study described by Fujimoto at the Tsukuba Memorial Hospital in Ibaraki, Japan:
Another case-report involving AVM:
History.
Early findings.
One of the first references to casual brain herniation was that of James Colier, who clearly described cerebellar tonsilar herniation in 1904. He observed accompanying false localyzing signs and commented:
In 1920, Adolf Meyer confirmed the pathologies of brain herniation. He commented:
The work of Collier and Meyer described ipsilateral hemiparesis, a false localizing sign. However, it became known as the Kernohan-Woltman phenomenon.
Kernohan-Woltman.
In 1929, Kernohan and Woltman published their work on brain lesions that showed ipsilateral hemiplegia. In their paper, they state:
Kernohan fully described the Kernohan's notch in 1929 and is given credit for its discovery.
See also.
This is an interesting story in that Kernohan and Woltman's article never did support their own contention that the ipsilateral finding they reported were due to the notching from the displacement of the hemisphere containing the tumor (as follows): 
As seen in their Fig. 7, There were a total of 35 supratentorial cases all of them with midbrain notching opposite the hemisphere bearing the lesion. However, only 17 of these 35 had "false" localizing signs (ipsilateral to the tumor; hyperactive reflexes, upgoing toes, etc.).The rest did not have such signs. Therefore, logically speaking, there were no cause and effect relationship between notching and the "herniation" signs (again, since exactly half of those with the notches were "asymptomatic." The reason for occurrence of these signs in half of the population affected must have been the laterality of the hemisphere harboring the tumor, not the presence or absence of a notch resulting from the tumor (which was a fact present in all cases). 
We now know that influences of the hemisphere of speech (i.e. the command center, major hemisphere) on the other hemisphere (the minor) is excitatory and via the corpus callosum. Therefore, only those cases with tumors in the major hemisphere suffered deafferentation of the contralateral (minor) hemisphere; rendering it nonfunctional, causing appearance of signs on the same side as the tumor. Those with tumors in the nondominant hemisphere (minor) did not have ipsilateral signs as there is no motor communication from the minor to the major hemisphere to cause deafferentation of the major hemisphere (diaschisis)
(see www.mimickingman.com, for details).

</doc>
<doc id="18307878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307878" title="List of National Basketball Association players (M)">
List of National Basketball Association players (M)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with M.
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18307904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307904" title="List of National Basketball Association players (N–O)">
List of National Basketball Association players (N–O)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with N or O. 
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18307910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307910" title="Brown waste">
Brown waste

Brown Waste is any biodegradable waste that is predominantly carbon based. The term includes such items as grass cuttings, dry leaves, twigs, hay, paper, sawdust, corn cobs, cardboard, pine needles or cones, etc.
Carbon is necessary to composting, which uses a combination of green waste and brown waste to promote the microbial processes involved in the decomposition process. The composting of brown waste sustainably returns the carbon to the carbon cycle.

</doc>
<doc id="18307911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307911" title="Ateneo Veneto">
Ateneo Veneto

The Ateneo Veneto di Scienze, Lettere ed Arti is an institution for the promulgation of science, literature, art and culture in all forms, in the exclusive interest of promoting social solidarity, located in Venice, northern Italy. The Ateneo Veneto is made up of three-hundred members resident in the city and in the province of Venice, elected by the Assembly, which is also responsible for appointing the Chairman and the Academic Council. Honorary, Non-Resident and Foreign Members, elected by the Assembly also participate in the life of the Ateneo.
The Ateneo Veneto was formed on 12 January 1812 through the merger of the Società Veneta di Medicina, the Accademia dei Filareti, and the Accademia Veneta Letteraria pursuant to a decree of Napoleon I dated 25 December 1810. The first chairman was Leopoldo Cicognara.
It was the Ateneo Veneto that saw the first stirrings of Venetian liberalism, with speeches by Daniele Manin, who was President of the short-lived Republic of San Marco from 1848 to 1849, and by Niccolò Tommaseo. Throughout the 19th and 20th centuries the Ateneo Veneto acted as a forum for debates on crucial matters for the city in the fields of culture, science, art, literature, medicine, politics, economics and law. Such free discussions on major issues have continued to characterize the Ateneo Veneto, testifying to its civic, social and cultural commitment.
Scuola History.
Originally the building hosted the "Scuola Grande di San Fantin", also known as the "Scuola di San Girolamo" or "Scuola di Santa Maria e di San Girolamo" (devoted to justice), as stated in the official documents of the Venetian Republic, more commonly referred to as "di San Fantin" or "dei picai" ("of the hanged men"). During the sixteenth century a number of great architects, painters and sculptors of the Baroque and Mannerist schools embarked upon a major reconstruction of the Scuola; by the beginning of the seventeenth century the building was more or less as one sees it now. The church on the ground-floor is now the conference-hall. The albergo, on the first floor, is a reading-room: around 1664 the albergo piccolo was added (now the "Sala Tommaseo"), as was the new sacristy on the ground floor (now a meeting-room). On the top floor is the library which contains around 40,000 volumes, some of them of inestimable historic and artistic value. The art-collection, with works by Tintoretto, Veronese, Palma il Giovane, Antonio Zanchi, Francesco Fontebasso, Pietro Longhi and Alessandro Vittoria, is also extremely valuable.
The Ateneo Veneto, a non-profit organization, institution of science, literature and arts, is committed to making full use of its historical and artistic heritage (the building, art-collection and library) and to the pursuit of cultural activities (scholarly studies, courses in history, science, literature and art, lectures, conferences, theatrical, musical and cinematic events, exhibitions and the Torta Prize for restoration) and social initiatives (hosting local associations and committees without their own premises, collaborating with the institutions of the city, co-organizing University courses for senior citizens held at the Ateneo Veneto, contributing to the cultural education of young students and scholars through subsidized training-courses in the library and the Ateneo Veneto, and co-operating with the city's cultural organizations). It will continue to expand its services, including recreational activities connected with the above-mentioned initiatives, using the Internet and multi-media facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="18307918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307918" title="Aberdeen Hospital">
Aberdeen Hospital

Aberdeen Hospital may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18307926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307926" title="List of National Basketball Association players (P–Q)">
List of National Basketball Association players (P–Q)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with P or Q. 
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18307931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307931" title="Eriogonum tomentosum">
Eriogonum tomentosum

Eriogonum tomentosum, commonly referred to as dogtongue buckwheat or dogtongue wild buckwheat, is a species in the Polygonaceae (smartweed or knotweed) family. 
Distribution.
It is found in Southeastern US states including Alabama, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="18307946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307946" title="Zaur Khapov">
Zaur Khapov

Zaur Zalimbiyevich Khapov (; born 21 October 1964 in Nalchik) is a retired football goalkeeper who won two international caps for Russia in 1994.
He was Alania Vladikavkaz's goalkeeper during their Russian league title-winning season of 1995. Currently, he works as a goalkeeping coach for FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
International career.
Khapov played his first game for Russia on 29 January 1994 in a 1–1 draw in a friendly against the United States in Seattle. He also played in another friendly against Mexico in Oakland four days later, which Russia won 4–1.

</doc>
<doc id="18307947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307947" title="List of National Basketball Association players (R)">
List of National Basketball Association players (R)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with R.
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18307954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307954" title="Etam (biblical town)">
Etam (biblical town)

Etam ("Codex Alexandrinus": Apan, "Vaticanus": Aitan) is mentioned in "Septuagint" along with Teqoa, Bethlehem and Phagor (Joshua 15:59). In 2 Chronicles 11:6 it occurs, between Bethlehem and Teqoa, as one of the cities built "for defense in Judah" by Rehoboam. Josephus writes that "there was a certain place, about 50 furlongs distant from Jerusalem which is called Ethan, very pleasant it is in fine gardens and abounding in rivulets of water; whither he (Solomon) used to go out in the morning" (Ant., VIII, vii, 3). 
Mention of `Ain `Aitan, which is described as the most elevated place in "Palestine", occurs in the Talmud (Zebhachim 54b), and in the Jer. Talmud (Yoma' 3 fol 41) it is mentioned that a conduit ran from `Atan to the Temple of Solomon. The evidence all points to `Ain `Atan, the lowest of the springs supplying the aqueduct running to Solomon's Pools. The gardens of Solomon may very well have been in the fertile valley below 'Urtas. The site of the ancient town Etam is rather to be looked for on an isolated hill, with ancient remains, a little to the East of `Ain `Atan. 1 Chronicles 4:3 may also have reference to this Etam.

</doc>
<doc id="18307957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307957" title="Friday the 13th (NES video game)">
Friday the 13th (NES video game)

Friday the 13th is a survival horror video game published by LJN and developed by Japanese video game developer Pack-In-Video for the Nintendo Entertainment System video game console. It is an adaptation of the "Friday the 13th" franchise.
Plot.
The game manual contains the following synopsis:
This plot is parallel of the film series, a spin-off.
Gameplay.
Players control one of six camp counselors (each with varying levels of speed and jumping ability) in a side-scrolling perspective. The counselors start with an arcing rock attack. The goal is to find and defeat Jason Voorhees three times. Along the paths, players will find cabins, a lake, caves and wooded areas with all but the cabins having enemies such as zombies, crows, and wolves attacking the player. Players may upgrade their weapon upon finding a new one. A timed alarm appears at certain intervals, requiring players to find Jason before he kills one or more children or another counselor. Using the map, players must navigate their way to Jason's location or switch to the counselor being attacked and defeat him. If they do not make it there in time, Jason will kill the counselors or some of the children.
Upon nearing Jason's location, Jason may appear on the path or in the lake and attack the player. When inside a cabin Jason will attack the player in a way reminiscent of the video game "Punch-Out!!". Players may light the fireplaces inside of larger cabins. Upon lighting all fireplaces, a flashlight and torch weapon are available. Notes are found in some larger cabins leading you to other notes in other locations, eventually leading you to new items. The objective of the game is to survive for three days and three nights while attempting to find and kill Jason. Players may battle Jason's mother who is in a hidden locked room in the cave. She is represented as a Medusa-like floating head that swoops down to attack the player. Navigating in the woods or cave can be confusing as they are set up to purposely disorient the player. They hide several locked rooms/cabins. If all counselors or children die, the game is over.
History.
Development.
"Friday the 13th" was developed by Atlus and published by LJN for the Nintendo Entertainment System video game console. It was released in February 1989. Its music and sound effects were designed by Hirohiko Takayama. It is an adaptation of the film franchise of the same name. It was developed as part of an "aggressive expansion" by LJN to focus on video games based on media licenses.
Reception.
"Friday the 13th" was released in North America exclusively in February 1989, as part of LJN's focus on creating video games based on licenses. It is considered by some as one of the worst games of all time, with Pack-in-Video's development skills often characterized as poor. It was, however, noted as a hit by the "Daily News of Los Angeles".
"Game Informer" lists the game among the worst horror games of all time. Author Andy Slaven called it a horrible translation of the films. "Michigan Daily"s Matt Grandstaff called it a "poor offering" by LJN. "GamePro" listed it as the 10th worst video game based on a film, criticizing its "repetitive music score and amazingly frustrating gameplay". GamesRadar's Mikel Reparaz criticized its box, commenting that only LJN "would ever think to surround Jason Voorhees with neon-pastel vomit, thereby making him even more of an ‘80s relic than he already is." Writer Christopher Grant commented that the game was more terrible than the deaths of the campers in the first "Friday the 13th" film, calling it "craptacular". IGN's Levi Buchanan used this game as an example of LJN's poor development abilities. The book "Vintage Games: An Insider Look at the History of Grand Theft Auto, Super Mario, and the Most Influential Games of All Time" criticizes it for not being frightening, citing technical reasons for this. The authors of "Nintendo Power" rated "Friday the 13th" the sixth worst game ever made in the magazine's September 1997 issue. The writer stated "After playing a few minutes of this aardvark, you wanted Jason to slaughter all the counselors and then you. Anything so it would just end." Joystiq's James Ransom-Wiley noted it as a game that the staff "loved to hate." The "Daily News of Los Angeles", however, noted it as a hit.
Legacy.
In June 2013, the National Entertainment Collectibles Association released an exclusive figurine of the video game-style Jason with the turquoise and purple color palette to go along with their other Nintendo-esque horror figure, a video game-style Freddy Krueger based on LJN's "A Nightmare on Elm Street" game. 

</doc>
<doc id="18307971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307971" title="Georgetown, Florida">
Georgetown, Florida

Georgetown is an unincorporated community in Putnam County, Florida, United States, located on the shores of Lake George.
Geography.
Georgetown is located at (29.391362, -81.638689). Its elevation in 23 feet (7 m).

</doc>
<doc id="18307974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307974" title="Lange Flate Ballær 2">
Lange Flate Ballær 2

Lange Flate Ballær II is a 2008 Norwegian comedy film directed by Harald Zwart. It is the sequel of the 2006 film "Lange Flate Ballær". The main actors from the first film reprised their roles, starring along with Don Johnson as the US Navy Admiral Burnett. The title translates as "Long Flat Balls II".
Plot.
When Norway is threatened, the six garage workers from "Lange flate ballær" must return to avert disaster. While stuck performing their annual Norwegian military service in Heimevernet, they stumble across evidence of impending widespread destruction. Caught up in the middle of a massive NATO military exercise, they meet the US Navy Admiral Burnett (Johnson) who pulls them along into the largest covert military operation in Norwegian history.

</doc>
<doc id="18307980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307980" title="Solomon's Pools">
Solomon's Pools

Solomon's Pools (, "Birkat as-Sultan Suleiman al-Kanuni"; , "Breichot Shlomo") are located in the south-central West Bank, immediately to the south of the Palestinian village of al-Khader and about southwest of Bethlehem.
Description.
The pools consist of three open cisterns, each rectilinear pool with a drop to the next, fed from an underground spring. With each pool being over long, wide and deep, the total water capacity is approximately . Consequently the pools have played a significant role in the area's water supply for centuries.
History.
They are named after the Biblical Solomon, stemming from a legend of Solomon using the waters and gardens as in Ecclesiastes 2.6, where Solomon is recorded as saying "I made myself pools from which to water the forest of growing trees". However, recent evidence suggests that the lowest pool was probably constructed during the Maccabean period at the time of the reconstruction of the temple at Jerusalem (circa 2 BCE).
A second phase occurred when ancient Roman Pontius Pilate built of aqueduct from the collection pools at Arrub. Roman engineering under Herod the Great in connection with his improvements to the Second Temple created the underground tunnel feeding the upper pool.
In 1902, a new 16 km pipeline was inaugurated to mark the 60th birthday of the Ottoman sultan Abdul Hamid II. The pipeline went from Solomon's Pools to Jerusalem.
Water system.
The pools provide water for an aqueduct system supplying Bethlehem and for the population of Jerusalem where the aqueduct terminated under the Temple Mount and separated from its neighbour by and each pool is lower than that above it, the conduits being so arranged that the lowest, which is the largest and finest of the three, is filled first, and then in succession the others. It has been estimated that these pools cover about .
The pools are fed by four different springs; the most prominent is Ein-Atan or Etam at the head of the Wadi Urtas, called "the sealed fountain," about to the north-west of the upper pool. The spring water is transferred to the upper pool by a large subterranean passage.
The water system as a whole shows a high degree of sophistication. Five different aqueducts, totalling nearly 60 kilometres in length, were linked to Solomon's Pools. From the lower pool an aqueduct has been traced carrying the water through Bethlehem and across the valley of Gihon, and along the west slope of the Tyropoeon valley, till it finds its way into the great cisterns underneath the temple hill in Jerusalem.
The water, however, from the pools now reaches only to Bethlehem. The aqueduct beyond this has been destroyed. Two of the aqueducts connected to additional water sources from the south; another, from the upper pool, carried water east to the Herodium where Herod had constructed a large recreational pool, lined with columns; and two aqueducts brought water to Jerusalem.
The area around Solomon's Pools has provided a pleasant atmosphere for picnics and relaxation over the centuries. On the north side at the entry to the park is an old Ottoman fort structure, built in 1620, which is known as Qal'at el-Burak or the castle of the pools. This has served at times as a caravansery (or "khan" - a resting place for caravans), and now has a restaurant with a garden area inside.

</doc>
<doc id="18307982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307982" title="List of National Basketball Association players (S)">
List of National Basketball Association players (S)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with S. 
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18307985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18307985" title="Netherlands Philharmonic Orchestra">
Netherlands Philharmonic Orchestra

The Netherlands Philharmonic Orchestra (NedPhO; Dutch, Nederlands Philharmonisch Orkest) is a symphony orchestra based primarily in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The NedPhO was formed in 1985 from the merger of three orchestras, the Amsterdam Philharmonic Orchestra, the Utrecht Symphony Orchestra Utrecht and the Netherlands Chamber Orchestra. The Netherlands Chamber Orchestra (Dutch, "Nederlands Kamer Orkest", NKO) continues to give concerts under its own name, with both it and the NedPhO as part of the "Stichting Nederlands Philharmonisch Orkest" (Netherlands Philharmonic Orchestra Foundation), which is currently headquartered at the Beurs van Berlage in Amsterdam. The NedPhO Foundation is scheduled to lose its premises at the Beurs van Berlage in 2013. The NedPhO Foundation comprises the largest orchestra organisation in the Netherlands, with 130 musicians on staff. 
Both the NedPhO and the NKO rehearse at the Beurs van Berlage. The NedPhO gives concerts in Amsterdam at the Concertgebouw. In addition, the NedPhO serves as one of the orchestras for productions at De Nederlandse Opera. The NedPhO had given a concert series at the Beurs van Berlage until 2002, when budget cuts led to the end of that series. Since 2005-2006, the NedPhO also gives a series of concerts at the Muziekcentrum Vredenburg in Utrecht. 
The chief conductor of the NedPhO also serves as chief conductor of the NKO. Hartmut Haenchen was the first chief conductor of the NedPhO, from 1985 to 2002. He continues to work with the orchestra as a guest conductor. Yakov Kreizberg succeeded Haenchen as chief conductor of the NedPhO and the NKO in 2003, holding both posts until his death in March 2011, the year that he had been scheduled to step down from both posts. In March 2009, the NedPhO announced the appointment of Marc Albrecht as the orchestra's third chief conductor, effective with the 2011-2012 season, for an initial contract of 4 years. With Albrecht's parallel appointment as chief conductor of De Nederlandse Opera (DNO), this arrangement allows for the NedPhO to serve as the principal opera orchestra for DNO.

</doc>
<doc id="18308001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308001" title="The Nasty Bits">
The Nasty Bits

The Nasty Bits: Collected Varietal Cuts, Usable Trim, Scraps, and Bones, is a largely nonfiction "New York Times" bestselling book by Anthony Bourdain, published in 2006. The book is a collection of 37 exotic, provocative, and humorous anecdotes and essays, many of them centered around food, followed by a 30-page fiction piece ("A Chef's Christmas"). The book concludes with an appendix of commentaries on the various pieces, including when and why they were written.
The essays range from descriptions of restaurant-kitchen life; to various rants about places, people, and things Bourdain objects to; to lively accounts of far-flung world travels and remote ethnic life and food; to accolades of the unsung Latinos who cook most fine-dining restaurant food in America; to glowing reports of cutting-edge chefs like Ferran Adrià; to details of Bourdain's obsessions and pursuits when he is not working; to opinions and anecdotes on various other subjects.
Bourdain has organized the various essays and anecdotes into sections named for each of the five traditional flavors:
The book is, according to Bourdain, basically a collection of the best of his magazine and newspaper writings during the previous few years. As he says in the preface:

</doc>
<doc id="18308012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308012" title="List of National Basketball Association players (T–V)">
List of National Basketball Association players (T–V)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with T, U, or V. 
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18308018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308018" title="Lionel Kiddie City">
Lionel Kiddie City

Lionel Kiddie City was an American Toy store under the ownership of Lionel Corp.. Kiddie City Toy Stores were started in the 1960s by Penn Fruit. By the early 1980s, Lionel operated some 150 stores, under the names Toy City, Lionel Kiddie City, Lionel Playworld, Lionel Play Town, Lionel Toy Warehouse, and Lionel Toy Town. For a time it was the second-largest toy store chain in the United States. Lionel ran into financial trouble during the early 1980s recession and filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in February 1982. After reducing itself in size to 55 stores, it emerged from bankruptcy in September 1985.
By 1991, the chain grew to 100 stores and was the fourth-largest toy retailer in the country, but once again ran into trouble due to a combination of factors. In 1989 the Robert I. Toussie L.P., a partnership of several retail executives, attempted to buy the company. Lionel resisted, and the fight drained the company of cash. Meanwhile, non-specialty discount stores expanded their toy sections and undercut the prices of specialty toy chains. Additionally, Lionel found it difficult to compete on price with the larger Toys "R" Us, and the chain attempted to expand too rapidly in a weakened economy. After several successive unprofitable quarters, it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on June 14, 1991. In 1992 Lionel attempted to reverse its fortunes by merging with the bankrupt Child World, the United States' #3 toy retailer, but was unable to secure financing. By February 1993 Lionel had closed all but 29 stores in six states, concentrating on the markets of Philadelphia, central New Jersey, Baltimore, Washington, D.C., Cleveland, Ohio and south Florida. Unable to reach an agreement for reorganization with its creditors, on June 2, 1993, Lionel announced its intention to liquidate all of its stores and go out of business.
The Lionel trademarks were purchased by Richard Kughn, a Detroit real estate magnate who had bought the Lionel product line from General Mills in 1986. See Lionel, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="18308020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308020" title="List of National Basketball Association players (W–Z)">
List of National Basketball Association players (W–Z)

This is a list of National Basketball Association players whose last names begin with W, X, Y, or Z.
The list also includes players from the American National Basketball League (NBL), the Basketball Association of America (BAA), and the original American Basketball Association (ABA). All of these leagues contributed to the formation of the present-day NBA.
Individuals who played in the NBL prior to its 1949 merger with the BAA are listed in italics, as they are not traditionally listed in the NBA's official player registers.

</doc>
<doc id="18308037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308037" title="Frankie Michaels">
Frankie Michaels

Frankie Michaels (born May 5, 1956; Bridgeport, Connecticut) is an American singer and actor of stage, film and television. 
Stage career.
Michaels holds the record for being the youngest person to win a Tony Award at age ten for his performance as young Patrick Dennis in the Broadway musical "Mame" in 1966. His other stage credits include "A for Adult" and "Happily Ever After," both off-Broadway.
TV career.
Michaels appeared in the TV series "As the World Turns" from 1964-66, "Our Private World" in 1965, and "The Joey Bishop Show" in 1967. While performing in "Mame" he made guest appearances on "The Mike Douglas Show" and "The Merv Griffin Show" in 1966.
Singing career.
In 1965, at age 10, Michaels recorded Gladys Shelley's theme song for the Little Miss America pageant at Palisades Amusement Park, for Spiral Records.
In 2010, he sang "My Best Girl," which he had sung in "Mame," during a tribute to Angela Lansbury at the 2010 Drama League Gala at the Pierre Hotel in New York City.
Today Michaels works for United Radio Service in East Syracuse, New York, and sings in a lounge at the Turning Stone Resort & Casino in Verona, New York, on Friday evenings. 

</doc>
<doc id="18308038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308038" title="Yevgeni Kharlachyov">
Yevgeni Kharlachyov

Yevgeni Valeryevich Kharlachyov () (born 20 January 1974 in Tolyatti) is an association football coach and a former player.
International career.
Kharlachyov made his debut for Russia on 28 August 1996 in a friendly against Brazil. He played in the qualifiers for 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18308069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308069" title="Hibernian Hall (Boston, Massachusetts)">
Hibernian Hall (Boston, Massachusetts)

Hibernian Hall is a historic Hibernian building at 182-186 Dudley Street in Boston, Massachusetts.
The hall was built in 1913 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18308072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308072" title="Brown-headed Jewel-babbler">
Brown-headed Jewel-babbler

The Brown-headed Jewel-babbler (Ptilorrhoa caerulescens geislerorum), also known as the Dimorphic Jewel-babbler or Brown-capped Jewel-babbler, is a jewel-babbler in the family Cinclosomatidae. It is usually considered to be conspecific with the Blue Jewel-babbler, but is sometimes considered a distinct species separated altitudinally and by varying behaviour, calls and female plumage.

</doc>
<doc id="18308083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308083" title="The Rocks, Inc.">
The Rocks, Inc.

The Rocks Incorporated (Rocks, Inc.), was founded October 9, 1974 by sixty-five United States Army officers in Washington, D.C. Headquartered in Forestville, Maryland and with over 1,100 members, it is the largest professional military officers’ organization with a majority African-American membership.
The Rocks, Inc. is a non-profit organization composed primarily of African American active, reserve, retired and former commissioned officers and warrant officers of the U.S. Armed Forces, and widows and widowers of deceased members. The organization hosts professional development sessions and social events to improve the officer corps. 
The Chairperson of the Board is Brigadier General (Retired) Clara Adams-Ender, USA. BG Adams-Ender is author of the book "My Rise to the Stars".
History.
The Rocks, Inc. began in the mid-1960s as an informal meeting of Army officers assigned to the Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. The group initially met to help each other "survive" at Fort Leavenworth, and many members continued to meet after being reassigned to the Pentagon and elsewhere in the greater Washington, D.C., area.
In the years that followed, the group grew. On October 9, 1974, along with Colonel Robert B. Burke, General Cartwright led an initiative to formally organize the growing network. They dubbed themselves the "No Name Club" until they agreed on a formal name. On December 1, the "No Name Club" assembled to ratify an official name when they were informed that General Cartwright and his wife, Gloria, died in a plane crash near Dulles Airport. 
The "No Name Club" soon voted to name itself The Rocks, Inc. and established the Roscoe C. Cartwright Scholarship Fund in their namesake’s honor. 
Today, The Rocks, Inc. has 23 active chapters across the Army (including one in Iraq).
Membership.
Membership is open to the following: Active duty, retired, and former officers and Warrant Officers of the US Armed Forces and its reserve and National Guard components and the US Coast Guard members who served while the Coast Guard was a part of the Department of Defense.
National Programs.
R.C. Cartwright Scholarship Fund Rocks, Inc. administers and is the executor of the R.C. Cartwright Scholarship Fund. Annually, the fund recognizes college Reserve Officers Training Corps Cadets academic achievement and require financial assistance to continue their educational endeavors. The cadets must be nominated by their professor of military science.
Leadership Outreach The Leadership Outreach Program is designed to assist students in successfully transitioning from college to the active military. Teams of 3-5 officers visit over 20 Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) annually. The teams are typically led by a general officer or Colonel. The outreach team presents seminars to ROTC cadets on Army socialization, evaluation systems and financial management for newly commissioned officers.
Rocks 5-miler Annually, the Washington, D.C. Chapter of the Rocks, Inc. host a 5-miler race a Burke Lake Park in Virginia. Proceeds are for the R.C. Cartwright Scholarship Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="18308086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308086" title="Sammy Williams">
Sammy Williams

Sammy Williams (born November 13, 1948; Trenton, New Jersey) is an American actor of stage and film. He won Broadway's 1976 Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Musical for "A Chorus Line" for his role as Paul. After unsuccessfully trying to break into TV after his Tony-winning performance, he went into business as a florist.

</doc>
<doc id="18308098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308098" title="Rock of Etam">
Rock of Etam

Rock of Etam is mentioned as a rock with the cave where Samson hid after smiting the Philistines "hip and thigh with a great slaughter" (Jdg 15:8,11). It was in Judah but apparently in the low hill country (same place as the town of Etam) . The rocky hill on which lies the village of Beit `Atab, near Sur`ah (Zorah), was suggested by Conder, but unless the rock of Etam is really identical with the town of Etam, which is quite possible, the cavern known as `Arak Isma`in, described by Hanauer (PEFS, 1886, 25), suits the requirements of the story better. The cavern, high up on the northern cliffs of the Wady Isma`in, is a noticeable object from the railway as the train enters the gorge. 

</doc>
<doc id="18308104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308104" title="Ludwig Bandl">
Ludwig Bandl

Ludwig Bandl (November 1, 1842 – August 26, 1892, age 49) was an Austrian obstetrician and gynecologist born in Himberg, Niederösterreich.
In 1867 he received his medical doctorate from the University of Vienna, where he studied under Karl von Braun-Fernwald (1822–1891), Joseph Hyrtl (1810–1894), and Johann von Dumreicher (1815–1880). In 1878 he became head of the department of obstetrics at the "Allgemeine Poliklinik" in Vienna, later being named as an associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology (1880). Six years later, Bandl attained a full professorship at Prague, but within a matter of weeks had to resign his position due to mental illness. He spent his final years institutionalized in a Vienna asylum.
Bandl is remembered for his description of the uterine contraction ring, a constriction located at the junction of the corpus uteri and the isthmus of uterus. This structure is sometimes referred to as the "pathologic retraction ring", or as "Bandl's ring of contraction".

</doc>
<doc id="18308121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308121" title="Palumbo">
Palumbo

Palumbo is a surname of Italian origin. It could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18308140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308140" title="Princess Marie-Auguste of Anhalt">
Princess Marie-Auguste of Anhalt

Princess Marie Auguste of Anhalt (10 June 1898 – 22 May 1983) was the daughter of Eduard, Duke of Anhalt and his wife Princess Louise Charlotte of Saxe-Altenburg.
Early life and family.
On 10 June 1898, Marie-Auguste was born in Ballenstedt, Anhalt, Germany, to the then Prince Eduard of Anhalt and his wife Princess Louise of Saxe-Altenburg. Her father would not succeed his brother Frederick II until 1918, the year he also died.
Her paternal grandparents were Frederick I, Duke of Anhalt and Princess Antoinette of Saxe-Altenburg. Her maternal grandparents were Prince Moritz of Saxe-Altenburg and Princess Augusta of Saxe-Meiningen.
Marie-Auguste was raised in Dessau, the capital of the duchy of Anhalt. She had five siblings, but her older sister Friederike and brother Leopold died while infants. Marie-Auguste was an older sister of Joachim Ernst, Duke of Anhalt.
Marriage.
On 11 March 1916 in Berlin, Marie-Auguste married Prince Joachim of Prussia, the youngest son of German Emperor William II. She and Joachim, who was Wilhelm's last unmarried child, had been officially engaged since 14 October of the previous year. The wedding was celebrated at Bellevue Castle, and was attended by Joachim's father and mother Empress Augusta Viktoria, the Duke and Duchess of Anhalt, as well as other relatives. They had a simple Lutheran ceremony.
The couple had one son, Prince Karl Franz Josef Wilhelm Friedrich Eduard Paul (15 December 1916 in Potsdam – 22 January 1975 in Arica, Chile). Their grandson, Prince Franz Wilhelm, married Maria Vladimirovna of Russia, a pretender to the Imperial Russian throne.
Joachim's death.
After her father-in-law Emperor Wilhelm's abdication, her husband was unable to accept his new status as a commoner and fell into a deep depression, finally committing suicide by gunshot on 18 July 1920 in Potsdam. One source reports that he had been in financial straits and suffered from "great mental depression". His own brother Prince Eitel Friedrich of Prussia commented that he suffered from "a fit of excessive dementia". Before his death, the couple had recently divorced. The direct causes are not really known to the public, only that there had been no previous report of marital troubles before the divorce was announced. Regardless of the reasons, this event may have also contributed to his depression.
After Joachim's suicide, Karl Franz was taken into custody by his paternal uncle Prince Eitel Friedrich. As the legal head of the House of Hohenzollern, he claimed this right due to the fact that Emperor Wilhelm had issued an edict placing Hohenzollern powers in Eitel's hands. This was later declared to have been illegal, and his mother was given full custody of him in 1921. She was given this right despite the fact that she had previously run away from her husband and that there had been numerous servants testifying against her. Eitel's defense had also stated that Marie-Auguste was not a fit person for Karl Franz's guardianship. Marie-Auguste went to court however and made a plea that she was heartbroken, which may have helped win the case for her.
In 1922, Marie-Auguste sued ex-Emperor Wilhelm for financial support that had been promised in her and Joachim's marriage contract. Wilhelm's attorney argued that the House of Hohenzollern laws were no longer valid, and therefore there was no obligation to support her.
Later life.
On 27 September 1926, she remarried to Johannes-Michael Freiherr von Loën, a childhood friend. They were divorced in 1935, and Marie-Auguste reverted to her maiden name.
Adoptions.
Marie Auguste was in financial straits in the final years of her life. As a result, she adopted several adults, in an exchange of money for a claim to her royal style. In 1980, Princess Marie Auguste adopted Hans Robert Lichtenberg, and he took the name of Frédéric Prinz von Anhalt. This has led to confusion in media reports about his being a member of a European royal family, which he is not. The family of Princess Marie Auguste has never recognized him as being part of their lineage. Females did not convey a title to their children, natural or adopted, unless allowed under a grant from the sovereign. Therefore "Prinz von Anhalt" is merely a surname as are all other titles he uses. In 1986, he married actress Zsa Zsa Gabor.
Princess Marie Auguste died on 22 May 1983 at Essen, North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18308147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308147" title="Barrie R. Cassileth">
Barrie R. Cassileth

Barrie R. Cassileth, PhD in sociology, is a researcher of complementary and alternative medicine, and has published extensively on alternative cancer treatments. She founded the Integrative Medicine Service at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, where she remains the chief, and holds the Laurance S. Rockefeller Chair in Integrative Medicine. She also founded the Society for Integrative Oncology, which publishes a medical journal. Cassileth, born Barrie Rabinowitz, obtained her PhD from the University of Pennsylvania in the 1970s is the first cousin of the former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Alaska, Jay Rabinowitz, Robert Rabinowitz who created Beatlemania, aunt of media contributor Seth Rabinowitz.

</doc>
<doc id="18308150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308150" title="The Mall at Oyster Bay">
The Mall at Oyster Bay

The Mall at Oyster Bay was the name of a proposed shopping mall to be located on Long Island, New York, United States. Under proposal from 1994 to 2014, construction of the mall was repeatedly delayed due to courtroom trials while developer Taubman Centers attempted to acquire permission to build the center.
As of 2012, the only anchor store that remained interested in the project is Nordstrom. Neiman Marcus opted out of the project when they were offered their maiden Long Island store at Roosevelt Field.
On January 31, 2014, Taubman sold the property of the proposed development to its competitor, Simon Property Group, abandoning the plans for the mall. Simon says that it intends on turning the site into a mixed-use development with minimal retail.

</doc>
<doc id="18308151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308151" title="Digital Cornerstone">
Digital Cornerstone

Digital Cornerstone (formerly known as Lindows, Inc. (2001–2004) and Linspire, Inc. (2004–2008)) is a Linux and open source software company with its headquarters in San Diego, California. It has primarily targeted desktop computers with its flagship Linux distribution, Linspire. It was bought in 2008 by Xandros, Inc., a former competitor, and made a semi-independent subsidiary of the company.
As Lindows.
Lindows, Inc. was founded in August 2001 by Michael Robertson with the goal of developing a Linux-based operating system capable of running major Microsoft Windows applications. It based its Windows compatibility on the Wine API compatibility layer. The company later abandoned this approach in favor of attempting to make Linux applications easy to download, install and use. To this end a program named "CNR" was developed: based on Debian's Advanced Packaging Tool, it provides an easy-to-use graphical user interface and a slightly modified package system for an annual fee. The first public release of Linspire was version 1.0, released in late 2001.
Relationship with Microsoft.
In 2002 Microsoft sued Lindows, Inc. claiming the name "Lindows" constituted an infringement of their "Windows" trademark. Microsoft's claims were rejected by the court, which asserted that Microsoft had used the term "windows" to describe graphical user interfaces before the Windows product was ever released, and that the windowing technique had already been implemented by Xerox and Apple Computer many years before. Microsoft sought a retrial and after this was postponed in February 2004, offered to settle the case. As part of the licensing settlement, Microsoft paid an estimated $20 million, and Lindows, Inc. transferred the Lindows trademark to Microsoft and changed its name to Linspire, Inc.
On 2007-06-13 Linspire and Microsoft announced an interoperability collaboration agreement with a focus on: document format compatibility, instant messaging, digital media, web search, and patent covenants for Linspire customers. This agreement has been criticised, most notably by the Groklaw website for being disingenuously short-lived and limited, and against the spirit of the GNU General Public License. Kevin Carmony, in one of the regular "Linspire Letters," asserted that the agreement would "bring even more choices to desktop Linux users ... offer a "better" Linux experience."
Under Carmony.
On 2005-06-15, Michael Robertson stepped down as CEO of Linspire, Inc. He continued as Chairman and was replaced as CEO by Kevin Carmony.
On February 8, 2007 Linspire, Inc. and Canonical Ltd, the lead sponsor and developer of the Ubuntu operating system, announced plans for a new technology partnership, with Linspire aiming to "begin basing ... desktop Linux offerings on Ubuntu."
On July 10, 2007 Linspire released Linspire 6.0 based on Freespire 2.0.
Carmony resigned from Linspire on July 31, 2007. He was succeeded by Larry Kettler as CEO.
Acquisition.
On July 1, 2008, a minority of Linspire stockholders elected to change the company's name to Digital Cornerstone, and all assets were acquired by Xandros.

</doc>
<doc id="18308155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308155" title="Piano Sonata No. 4">
Piano Sonata No. 4

Piano Sonata No. 4 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18308159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308159" title="Escape from Hell">
Escape from Hell

Escape from Hell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18308197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308197" title="Frenchman Butte">
Frenchman Butte

Frenchman Butte is a butte located 45 km northeast of Lloydminster, is named after a Frenchman who was killed there by Indians in the 19th century. It is not known how or why this man was murdered. This was also the site of the Battle of Frenchman's Butte between Major-General Thomas Bland Strange and cree Chief Big Bear.
The site of the battle was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="18308204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308204" title="The Greatest Adventure">
The Greatest Adventure

The Greatest Adventure may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18308206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308206" title="Dmitri Cheryshev">
Dmitri Cheryshev

Dmitri Nikolayevich Cheryshev (; born 11 May 1969) is a Russian retired footballer who played as a forward.
During his 16-senior career, he was mainly associated with Dynamo Moscow (four seasons) and Sporting de Gijón (five). He was nicknamed the "Bullet from Gorki" due to his speed.
Club career.
Born in Gorky, Soviet Union, Cheryshev began his professional career with FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk in the third division, joining FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod in the second level in 1990. He played four seasons in the Russian Premier League with FC Dynamo Moscow, helping the capital outfit to two top-three finishes and winning the 1995 Russian Cup.
In 1996 Cheryshev scored a career-best 17 goals with Dynamo, who eventually finished fourth. Subsequently he moved to Spain and signed for Sporting de Gijón, where he would share teams with several compatriots; he made his debut in La Liga on 17 November 1996, playing 30 minutes in a 2–4 home loss against Athletic Bilbao –the Asturians would be relegated at the end of the 1997–98 season.
Cheryshev continued to net regularly for Sporting in his division two spell. He ended his career also in the country, after one-season stints with Burgos CF (second division) and Real Aranjuez CF (amateurs).
During two years, Cheryshev worked as a manager with Real Madrid, being in charge of one of its children's teams. After acting briefly as director of football with FC Sibir Novosibirsk, he was appointed head coach at FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod, helping the club narrowly retain its top flight status.
International career.
Cheryshev made his debut for CIS on 25 January 1992, in a friendly with the United States. During four years he was also capped for Russia, scoring his only international goal in a UEFA Euro 1996 qualifier against San Marino.
Personal.
Cheryshev's son, Denis, is also a footballer. A winger, he played youth football for two of the teams his father represented in Spain, and also spent several seasons with Real Madrid Castilla.

</doc>
<doc id="18308220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308220" title="Guillermo Díaz Gastambide">
Guillermo Díaz Gastambide

Guillermo Díaz (born 31 December 1979 in Montevideo is a Uruguayan football currently playing as a defender for El Tanque Sisley in the Uruguayan Primera División.

</doc>
<doc id="18308249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308249" title="Fáelán mac Forbasaig">
Fáelán mac Forbasaig

Fáelán mac Forbasaig (died 786) was a King of Osraige in modern County Kilkenny. He was of the dynasty that ruled over Osraige in the early Christian period known as the Dál Birn and was the son of Forbasach mac Ailella (died 740), a previous king. He ruled from 772 to 786. 
The Osraige plunged into civil war after the death of Anmchad mac Con Cherca circa 761. In 786 the annals record that Fáelán was slain in internal conflict among the Osraige.

</doc>
<doc id="18308268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308268" title="Siege of Scutari (1912–13)">
Siege of Scutari (1912–13)

The Siege of Scutari took place from October 28, 1912 to April 23, 1913, with allied forces of Montenegro and Serbia against forces of the Ottoman Empire.
Naming.
The Siege of Scutari is also referred to as the Siege of Shkodër, Siege of Shkodra (, ) or Defence of Shkodra. (Turkish: "İşkodra Müdafaası" or "İşkodra Savunması")
Background.
In 1912, the Balkan League—consisting of Serbia, Montenegro, Greece and Bulgaria—had jointly declared war against the Ottoman Empire. Montenegro mobilized its troops and prepared to attack the Ottoman forces in Albania directly to the south. It also enlisted the support of Catholic Albanian tribes across the border who had been fighting the Turkish armies for centuries. Catholic tribes from Northern Albania (Kastrati, together with Hoti and Grude) joined the forces of Kingdom of Montenegro. Scutari had long been desired by Montenegro because it was its capital for 300 years during its first three ruling families.
Start of the war.
On 8 October 1912 Gen. Hasan Riza Pasha announced that Montenegro had declared war on the Ottoman Empire and that its troops were crossing the border between Montenegro and Albania. Two hours after the news the Montenegrin troops, as expected, were approaching Scutari. At noon Hasan Riza Pasha in his headquarters gathered all his commanders and told them:
When the Montenegrins crossed the border, only 10,000 volunteers from Mirdite, led by Gen. Essad Pasha Toptani, were available to defend the city. Two thousand soldiers from Mat, who were led by the 17-year-old Ahmet Bey Zogolli, were trapped by the Serbs in Lezhë, while Turkish troops led by Gen. Mahmoud Jella Hajra, which were located in Berat, were trapped in the field of Myzeqe, under attack by a Serb-Bulgarian army. Hasan Riza Pasha did not expect other reinforcements to reach the 15,000 combatants in the city, who had to face more than 25,000 Montenegrins and 30,000 Serbs.
Scutari withstood the siege of the Montenegrin and Serbian armies for seven months. A total of some 36,000 shells were fired on the city, but still it did not fall into the hands of the attacking armies. It became apparent that Turkey was suffering from domestic problems and would not be able to defend its possessions in the Balkans. It was theorized after the attack that Russia had advised Serbia to conquer as much territory as possible, with the idea that the Conference of Ambassadors, expected to meet in December, would decide the extent of their boundaries in all lands that were under control.
Battle.
The siege started on October 28, 1912. The attack was originally carried out by the Montenegrin army under the command of Prince Danilo. However, his forces encountered stiff resistance, and the Serb army sent reinforcements to help its Montenegrin allies. The combined Turkish and Albanian defenders led by Hasan Riza Pasha and his lieutenant, Esad Pasha Toptani, resisted for seven months and managed to inflict a heavy toll on the besiegers.
Death of Hasan Riza Pasha.
On January 30, 1913, Riza Pasha was ambushed and killed by Osman Bali and Mehmet Kavaja, two Albanian servants of Esad Pasha, as he left Esad's house after dining with him. Riza Pasha wanted to keep up the defense of the besieged city but Esad Pasha wanted to continue his secret negotiations with Montenegro, which were done through the counsel of Russia in Scutari. Esad Pasha's plan was to hand over Scutari to the Serbs and Montenegrins as the price for their support in his attempt to proclaim himself King of Albania. On 6 February King Nikola received delegation of chieftains from Malësia who stated that they recognize him as their suzerain and requested to join 3,000 of their fighters with Montenegrin forces to capture Scutari. On 7 February they were ordered to attack in the direction Jubani — Daut-agha's kulla.
Surrender.
On April 21, 1913, Esad Pasha made the official proposal to surrender the city to Montenegrin Gen. Vukotic. On April 23 his proposal was accepted and he was allowed to leave the city with full military honors and with all of his troops and equipment, except heavy guns. He also received a sum of £10,000 sterling from the Montenegrin King. Essad Pasha signed the final surrender protocol with the Montenegrins Essad Pasha surrendered Scutari to Montenegro only after its destiny was decided by the Great Powers, after they forced Serbia to retreat and after it was obvious that the Great Powers would not allow Montenegro to keep Scutari. Essad Pasha was able to save many of his soldiers, who would otherwise have died defending the city with no hope of prevailing. At the same time he managed to get the support of Serbia and Montenegro for the new Kingdom of Albania, which would gain Scutari indirectly by the Great Powers.
Aftermath.
The taking of Scutari removed the only obstacle to the Serbian advance in the remainder of Ottoman Albania. By November 1912 the country had declared independence but was yet to be recognized by anyone. The Serbian army eventually occupied most of northern and central Albania, stopping north of the town of Vlorë. It also managed to trap the remains of the Army of Vardar in what was left of Albania proper, but were not able to force them to surrender. However, when the war was over, the Great Powers did not award the city to the Kingdom of Montenegro, which was compelled to evacuate it in May 1913, in accordance with the London Conference of Ambassadors. The army's withdrawal was hastened by a small naval flotilla of British and Italian gunboats that moved up the Bojana River and across the Adriatic coastline. The Kingdom of Montenegro also later took Metohija, an area of Kosovo-Kosmet.
Cultural influences.
Albanian novelist Ndoc Nikaj wrote an historical novel titled "Shkodra e rrethueme" ("Shkodra under siege") in 1913. Aleksa Šantić, poet of Serbian descent, wrote a poem ""To Essad Pasha"" (), inspired by the Siege of Scutari.

</doc>
<doc id="18308272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308272" title="Glenburnie (West Virginia)">
Glenburnie (West Virginia)

Glenburnie is an historic farm complex located between Shepherdstown, West Virginia and Shenandoah Junction, West Virginia. The house was built by James Glenn in 1802, completing the barn two years later. 

</doc>
<doc id="18308275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308275" title="Valeri Chizhov">
Valeri Chizhov

Valeri Nikolayevich Chizhov () (born 14 April 1975 in Moscow) is a Russian football goalkeeper. Currently, he plays for FC Saturn Moscow Oblast.
International career.
Chizhov made his debut for Russia on 12 February 2003 in a friendly against Cyprus.

</doc>
<doc id="18308283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308283" title="Ablukast">
Ablukast

Ablukast (INN) is a leukotriene antagonist which has applications in the treatment of inflammatory skin conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="18308285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308285" title="Greenwich Village High School">
Greenwich Village High School

Greenwich Village High School (GVHS) is a planned grade 9-12 independent high school in Manhattan, New York City. The school will located at 30 Vandam Street between 6th Avenue and Varick. GVHS was first scheduled to open in September 2009.
On the Greenwich Village High School website, it says that the school, "will be the first independent, co-ed, nondenominational school exclusively for students in grades nine through twelve in New York City". It is the intention of the board to create a private, nonreligious high school.
Utilizing the resources of the larger NYC community, an interdisciplinary and relevant curriculum will combine ethical and intellectual training, and give equal weight to the sciences, the humanities, and the arts. 
GVHS will be an intentionally diverse community, reflecting the many racial, ethnic, and social groups which make up New York City. The school was planned to open with a ninth grade class of 45-60 students, then build to 90 students per grade level over the following three years for a total of 360 students.
As of July 1, 2008, David Liebmann, an experienced independent school administrator and teacher, was appointed head of school. Prior to GVHS, he worked at Shady Side Academy (PA), The Westminster Schools (GA), and The Chewonki Maine Coast Semester (ME). David Clarke was named academic dean. He served on the faculty at Parker School (HI), Menlo School (CA), and Buckingham Browne & Nichols School (MA) where he was academic dean and college counselor. Tia Biasi served as director of development, having previously worked at Grace Church School (NY). Camilla Campbell was admissions associate and Woody Loverude was admissions assistant.
A founding board of trustees composed of Greenwich Village residents, parents, philanthropists, and other supporters governs the school and provides guidance and support.

</doc>
<doc id="18308287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308287" title="Koala retrovirus">
Koala retrovirus

Koala retrovirus (KoRV) is a retrovirus that is present in many populations of koalas. It has been implicated as the agent of Koala Immune Deficiency Syndrome (KIDS), an AIDS-like immunodeficiency that leaves infected koalas more susceptible to infectious disease and cancers. The virus is thought to be a recently introduced exogenous virus that is also integrating into the koala genome (becoming endogenous). Thus the virus can transmit both horizontally (from animal to animal in the classic sense) and vertically (from parent to offspring as a gene). The horizontal modes of transmission are not well defined but are thought to require close contact.
Koala retrovirus was initially described as a novel endogenous retrovirus found within the koala genome and in tissues as free virions. Viral DNA sequence analysis showed intact open reading frames and pathogenic DNA motifs strongly suggesting that KoRV is an active replicating endogenous virus that can also produce infectious virions. The analysis also showed that KoRV was closely related to the highly pathogenic Gibbon Ape Leukemia Virus (GALV). The epidemiology of how koalas and gibbons came to share such similar viruses remains unclear.
The virus has been attributed to 80% of deaths in captive koalas in Queensland from leukaemia, lymphoma, malignant tumours and immune deficiency disorders. In 2008, lead researcher Jon Hanger, said the virus was a threat that could lead to extinction of koalas in Queensland within 15 years, claiming 100% infection rates in studied populations that suggest an epidemic.
Research has also shown that some populations of koalas, particularly an isolated colony on Kangaroo Island do not appear to have the endogenous form of the retrovirus. This suggests that the virus gene sequence is a new acquisition for the koala genome. Prevalence of KoRV (and KIDS) in Australian koala populations suggests a trend spreading from the north down to the south of Australia. Northern populations are completely infected, while some southern populations (including Kangaroo Island) are free. Prior to this 'koala retrovirus' was used to refer to an unidentified oncovirus detected in cancer-affected koalas.
It is thought that further studying KoRV will allow valuable insight into how endogenous retrovirus develop and incorporate themselves into mammalian genomes.

</doc>
<doc id="18308325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308325" title="Janie Shores">
Janie Shores

Janie Ledlow Shores (born 1932) is a retired judge on the Supreme Court of Alabama who was the first woman to ever serve on that court. Shores also was considered by President Bill Clinton in 1993 as a possible nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Early life and education.
A native of Butler County, Alabama who grew up in Baldwin County, Alabama, Shores attended Judson College and earned a bachelor's degree from Samford University. She also graduated with honors with a law degree from the University of Alabama Law School in 1959. She earned an LLM degree from the University of Virginia in 1992.
Professional career.
After graduating law school, Shores practiced law in Selma, Alabama and also worked on the legal staff of the Liberty National Life Insurance Company from 1961 until 1965. In 1965, Shores became the first full-time female law faculty member in Alabama (and the second in the entire Southeast) when she was hired as a law professor at Cumberland School of Law in Birmingham, Alabama.
Tenure on the Supreme Court of Alabama.
In 1974, Shores ran for and won a seat on the Supreme Court of Alabama as a Democrat, becoming the first woman ever to be elected to that court. "I hope it has now been demonstrated that women can hold these positions and can be elected in Alabama, and I hope I have had some small part in letting women know to do that is possible," Shores told the Birmingham News in an article that was published on March 29, 1995.
Consideration for nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court.
In 1993, shortly after U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice Byron White announced his resignation, President Clinton was stymied when his top choice, New York's then-Gov. Mario Cuomo, told him he was not interested. Clinton subsequently asked his staff to expand the search. On May 6, 1993, the Washington Post named Shores as a possible choice for Clinton, particularly since she had served on the Supreme Court of Alabama for four years in the 1970s with then-U.S. Sen. Howell Heflin, who by 1993 was a member of the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee. On May 15, 1993, the Birmingham News reported that Heflin had said that the White House was giving "careful consideration" to Shores as a nominee. At a dinner a few weeks earlier, Heflin said that White House Counselor Bernard Nussbaum had "asked me about Janie," the paper reported.
In Jeffrey Toobin's 2007 book "The Nine: Inside the Secret World of the Supreme Court", President Clinton is reported to have pulled Shores' name from a list and wondered whether she might make an appropriate Supreme Court nominee. Toobin notes that Shores was "utterly unknown in Washington legal circles and no one -- not Clinton or anyone on his staff -- had any idea where she stood on constitutional issues or much of anything else." Ultimately, Nussbaum is reported by Toobin to have become "increasingly embarrassed as the names came and went," and "decided to make a stand." Toobin reports that Nussbaum told Clinton, "You are not nominating Janie Shores to the Supreme Court. No one knows who she is. This is insane." Toobin notes that Clinton ultimately relented, and later wound up appointing Ruth Bader Ginsburg to the High Court. For Shores' part, she has said that she was very honored to have even been considered. "It was a great honor to be considered even though I didn't get it," Shores told the Birmingham News in an article that ran on March 29, 1995.
Clinton clearly held some respect for Shores, however. Less than two years later, in January 1995, Clinton appointed Shores to the State Justice Institute, a private, nonprofit entity that provides financial support to projects aimed at improving the administration and quality of state courts.
Retirement.
Shores chose not to run for re-election in 1998. This meant that her final day on the bench was in January 1999.
Shores served as a supernumerary justice until 2001, when Roy Moore, then the chief justice of the Supreme Court of Alabama, dismissed her and replaced her with retired Justice Hugh Maddox.
In 2004, Shores served as one of seven members of a special State Supreme Court that considered the appeal of the ouster of Moore as chief justice. The court was chosen at random from a group of retired but still active judges. On April 30, 2004, the panel voted 7-0 not to reinstate Moore.
Shores lives in Fairhope, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="18308326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308326" title="Clark Nature Center">
Clark Nature Center

Clark Nature Center is a nature trail park within the Newtown Township, in Pennsylvania just off Durham road (Route 413), USA. Established in 1997, on land originally bought from the Leni Lenape Indians in 1683 by William Penn. The park covers an area of (approx) 50.6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails. Two seasonal creeks run through the park. Park benches have been sited at various view points along the trail. Local wildlife includes Wild Turkey, Deer, and occasionally Foxes can be seen.
The Newtown Creek, situated to the west, across Swamp road, is a tributary of the Neshaminy Creek, running North to South it is the western boundary between the borough of Newtown and the township of Newtown.
History.
A history of the land that comprises the park can be seen on the Park and Recreation website of Newtown Township,
See also.
Tyler State Park (Pennsylvania)

</doc>
<doc id="18308328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308328" title="Physician self-referral">
Physician self-referral

Physician self-referral is a term describing the practice of a physician ordering tests on a patient and that are performed by either the referring physician himself or a fellow faculty member from whom he receives financial compensation in return for the referral. Examples of self-referral include an internist performing an EKG, a surgeon suggesting an operation that he himself would perform, and a physician ordering imaging tests that would be done at a facility he owns or leases.
The ability to self-refer is an incentive for physicians to order more tests than they otherwise might. In the United States, the Stark Law (specifically sections I and II) was designed to control self-referrals. However, the exceptions designed to allow necessary testing in physicians' offices have been exploited to circumvent the law. The in-office exception, which allows testing on equipment in the physician's office, has resulted in many physicians purchasing high-tech and expensive equipment such as CT scanners, MRI scanners, and nuclear scanners for their own offices.
The incentive for this practice is largely the result of rapidly declining reimbursements for what has been termed "cognitive" physician care, i.e. the time spent talking to a patient and determining what course of diagnostic testing or treatment would be best.
History.
One of the current areas of change in medicine lies in the location and interpreter of advanced imaging results, including MRIs, CT scans, PET scans, and ultrasounds. The trend for non-radiology physicians to evaluate their patients’ imaging results began more than thirty years ago. In the past, the majority of x-rays were interpreted by radiologists; today, it is very common for physicians to read them. The same trends are occurring for other imaging techniques.
Advanced medical imaging used to be provided only in hospitals and privately owned imaging centers, and, with some notable exceptions, were only evaluated by radiologists. An example of such an exception included the American Society of Neuroimaging, which, with its formation in 1975, incited neurologists to develop interest in the newest imaging techniques of the time to help evaluate their patients in non-invasive ways. Other specialists, such as cardiologists, neurosurgeons, and orthopedic physicians became more interested in using advanced imaging techniques as they continued to be refined and developed over the last two decades.
This change in the delivery of these services has resulted in the debate between radiologists and other medical specialists over the control and use of advanced medical imaging.
Historically, self-referral described the normal practice of a physician diagnosing a patient and then treating that individual if the treatment was within the that doctor's scope of practice. However, several radiology authors have successfully used the term to describe the idea of self-referral for imaging services with the connotation that it is an undesirable and wasteful practice.
Economic incentives.
Self-referral has had the greatest influence on radiology. Normally, the revenue from imaging exams comes from two sources: the facility fee and the professional fee. The facility fee covers technical costs, such as use of the machine, while the professional fee is for the interpretation and consulting services provided by the physician. Physicians who own imaging machinery can derive profit by collecting both of these fees.
For example, when a patient is seen at a hospital and receives a CT scan, a technical fee is paid to the hospital to cover the cost of running the scanner, while the professional fee is charged by the radiologist for interpreting the results and documenting the findings. In self referral, however, a doctor seeing a patient in his office would recommend a test, often an echocardiography or nuclear cardiac imaging, that would be performed at his office and interpreted by him. Thus, the physician collects both the facility and professional fees.
Negative consequences.
The risk to the physician-owner for self-referring is minimal, since he can increase the volume of scans to any point necessary to insure profitability. This is recognized by the machine vendors, who have moved aggressively to sell imaging machines to physicians who are not board-certified or specialized in radiology. One vendor of medical imaging equipment marketing to physicians states:
Increased costs.
There is a large volume research indicating that self-referral has a major effect on increasing medical costs in the US. David Levin estimated the cost of unnecessary self-referred imaging in 2004 to be, conservatively, $16 billion per year.
There are several examples showing that self-referral increases utilization and costs:
However, many of the studies on imaging have not taken into account the role of technological improvements in the increase of imaging over the last decade.
IOAS or in office ancillary services include a wide range of services. The provision allows physicians to offer services such as X-Ray, ultrasound and MRI. The practice is legal and ethical. Physicians have offered services in there offices such as X-Ray for decades. Studies show an increased use in ancillary services when the procedures are provided in there office. What the studies fall to show is the motivating factor. Assuming its financial would violate the AMA's code of ethics. Other factors to consider are a faster diagnosis, less complex authorization and scheduling process and the consolidation of medical records. All of which benefit the patients treatment.
Quality.
Modern MRI scans are very complex and require specialist training to be properly interpreted. An editorial in the "Journal of the American College of Radiology" lamented:
Convenience.
Studies show patients benefit from IOAS through access to a wide range of diagnostic and therapeutic services sooner resulting in a quicker diagnosis. Furthermore, patients benefit from the cost savings an IOAS provides as do insurance companies. The myth that IOAS increases health care costs is perpetuated by the giant companies who own multiple clinics.
Self-referral is often defended for its convenience, though if the patient cannot be seen by the physician on the same day for imaging, the argument is negated.
AMA Position.
On two different occasions, the American Medical Association House of Delegates has said that medical imaging should be performed by all physicians who are trained and qualified, and not only by one specialty group such as radiology, claiming that a monopoly by a single specialty would lead to lower quality in health care segments dependent upon imaging as well as higher costs.
Attempts at resolution.
The Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008 aims to use point-of-order and point-of-service online approval systems to eliminate the overutilization presented by self-referrals.

</doc>
<doc id="18308331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308331" title="Elmwood-on-the-Opequon">
Elmwood-on-the-Opequon

Elmwood-on-the-Opequon is a farmstead near Kearneysville, West Virginia. The farm complex exemplifies the evolution of a prosperous West Virginia farmstead through the 19th and 20th centuries. The house has expanded around an original log cabin, gradually expanding with major expansions in the 20th century.
Description.
The main house began in 1830 as a log house, evolving through additions to a rambling stuccoed farmhouse. The 1830 log cabin was a 1-story or 1-1/2 story single-pen structure. This was raised to two stories with a two-story wood frame addition, with the original chimney becoming an interior chimney. In 1906 the house was greatly expanded by a two-story addition, built at a 90 degree angle to the original house, and incorporating an earlier free-standing log kitchen. The addition is five bays wide on the lower level and four bays wide on the upper. The original part of the house has two rooms upstairs and downstairs with a side passage hall. The addition has three rooms downstairs and two upstairs, with a double-run stair. A wide porch is located on the main elevation and the north side.
The property includes a number of outbuildings and dependencies. A barn and a corn crib were built about 1906. The barn's interior is finished with beaded wood. A stuccoed log smokehouse with a pyramidal roof and a stone springhouse date to the 1830s. A small gazebo-like pavilion with a pyramidal roof acts as a wellhouse. An early 20th century icehouse has been converted to a garage.
Elmwood-on-the-Opequon was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 22, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18308332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308332" title="Andrei Chichkin">
Andrei Chichkin

Andrei Grigoryevich Chickin () (born 12 October 1977 in Krasnodar) is an association football goalkeeper. Currently, he plays for FC Sever Murmansk.
International career.
Chichkin made his debut for Russia on 18 November 1998 in a friendly against Brazil. He was called up to the team again a few years later, but never came off the bench backing up Sergei Ovchinnikov and Ruslan Nigmatullin.

</doc>
<doc id="18308339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308339" title="Île-à-la-Crosse">
Île-à-la-Crosse

The village of Île-à-la-Crosse is located in the boreal forest of north west Saskatchewan. Situated on a peninsula on the western shore of Lac Île-à-la-Crosse it is accessed by Highway 908 off of Highway 155. It is classified as a "northern village" within the Northern Saskatchewan Administration District.
The Cree name for Île-à-la-Crosse is "Sakittawak" which means "the place where the river flows out".
History.
Île-à-la-Crosse is the second oldest community in Saskatchewan, Canada, The village has a rich history being connected to the Churchill River, Beaver River and Canoe River systems.
It became the administrative centre of the English River District of the Hudson's Bay Company and an important supply depot on the fur trade route during the latter part of the 18th century and most of the 19th century. The English River District headed by the Chief Factor of Île-à-la-Crosse included other posts on Beaver Lake in Alberta and on Green Lake, Lac La Loche and Lac la Ronge in Saskatchewan.
In 1846 a Roman Catholic mission was established by Father Alexandre-Antonin Taché and Father Louis-François Richer Laflèche of the Oblate Order. and in 1860 three Grey Nuns arrived founding a school and a hospital.
On April 27, 1885, during the North-West Rebellion most of the personnel and dependants of the Hudson's Bay Company Post and the Roman Catholic Mission of Île-à-la-Crosse alarmed at the looting of the Green Lake Post the previous day left the village and set up a camp on a small wooded island north of Patuanak. On May 24 they erected a large cross on their island of refuge (now known as Cross Island () and returned to the village on May 29.
Sara Riel the sister of Louis Riel is buried in Île-à-la-Crosse. Sara became a Grey Nun in 1868 and took the name of Sister Marguerite-Marie in 1872. She served at the mission from 1871 to 1883. Her headstone in French reads: "Ici Repose Rév. Sœur Marguerite Marie (Riel) Decédée 27 Decembre 1883, Agée 34 ans, R.I.P." Louis Riel Sr. the father of Sara and Louis was born in Île-à-la-Crosse in 1817.
Île-à-la-Crosse celebrated its bi-centennial in 1976.
For geography and fur trade history see Lac Île-à-la-Crosse.
The site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1954.
Demographics.
The population of this northern village was 1,365 in 2011. Most are Métis people descendants of French, Scottish, Scandinavian and Cree settlers.
In the 2006 census 1,240 or 93% of the residents identified themselves as Aboriginal.
Education.
Île-à-la-Crosse has two schools Rossignol Elementary Community School (Pre-K to Grade 6) designed by architect Douglas Cardinal and Rossignol High School (Grade 7-12) located in the Île-à-la-Crosse Integrated Services Centre a large complex which also includes a hospital, a daycare, senior's care and offices. The schools are within the Île-à-la-Crosse School Division No. 112.

</doc>
<doc id="18308343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308343" title="Meteor Games">
Meteor Games

Meteor Games was an independent online gaming studio formed in 2007 by Neopets founders Adam Powell and Donna Powell.
According to a statement released by the company, its games will "cross the appeal of social networks, web-based casual games and
traditional massively multiplayer online games."
Company Overview.
Meteor Games was an independent online gaming studio committed to developing "fun, immersive, and innovative games spanning the web, social networks, and mobile devices". The company was founded in 2007 by the creators of the Internet phenomenon Neopets and were headquartered in Beverly Hills, CA.
The headquarters was located in Los Angeles and had at its peak 100 employees.
History.
Meteor Games' first project was the MMO Twin Skies, with the first public demo of the game being shown at the Penny Arcade Expo (PAX) in Seattle.
The game was originally planned to be in 3D, but was later changed to become a 2D Flash game.
In the company's shift to the rapidly growing social gaming market it released several games based on internal intellectual property including: Island Paradise which became a large commercial success, Serf Wars, and Ranch Town.
Layoffs.
In October 2011 26 workers were laid off and at the end of November 2011 it was acknowledged that all but those related to maintenance of the remaining games run by Meteor Games on Facebook were being let go. Then somewhere around March or April 2012, the remainder of the Meteor Games staff were let go after Island Paradise was shut down around April. At the same time it was confirmed that then CEO Zac Brandenberg, who joined the company in 2010, had left in November, leaving Adam and Donna Powell to oversee the site. Sometime in either 2010 (around when Zac Brandenberg left) or early 2011, Adam also exited Meteor Games, which left Donna as sole COO and CEO of the company.
Games.
Twin Skies.
"Twin Skies" was a planned flash game to be created through Meteor Games as their first gaming project. Initial response to the game's announcement at the 2008 Penny Arcade Expo was positive. Later reports stated that Meteor Games had scrapped plans to release the game as a MMOG, but moved to produce the game via flash due to economic issues. The move was met with disappointment by gaming websites such as Kotaku, who commented that it was "a pity" as the "original concept was extremely intriguing." Gameplay was initially planned to include several elements such as social interaction and mini-flash games that would have directly influenced the world in the Twin Skies MMO. "Twin Skies" was originally planned to enter beta testing in late 2008, with a projected full launch in 2009, but was later cancelled due to massive layoffs at Meteor Games.
Serf Wars.
Serf Wars encourages players to transform their land from a rotten borough into a thriving fantasy kingdom. Gamers play arcade-style minigames, train an army, raise their population, and take part in quests as they expand their domains. Players can ally with their friends or wage war against them. This game became discontinued around the end of late February to early March 2012 along with Ranch Town.
Island Paradise.
Island Paradise was a social network-based application available on Facebook, where players create their own tropical island escape to play with friends, tend crops, plant trees and raise animals. In addition, players can visit other islands to help their neighbor's level-up faster – or to steal untended crops. Island Paradise was launched 25 August 2009. As of November 2009, Island Paradise had roughly 6.8 million monthly active users. After two years the game continued to be a commercial success. In the beginning of April 2012, the game went offline without releasing any message by the developers.
Ranch Town.
Named one of the top gaining Facebook apps in early June 2010, Ranch Town gives desperados a chance to live – and play – in the iconic Gold Rush era of American history. Using popular “farming” game mechanics, players start with their own plot of land, a lonely cow and a handful of mining nodes and can stake claim to, cultivate and mine for gold to grow their wealth. This game became discontinued about the end of late February to early March 2012.
Neopets: Treasure Keepers.
In conjunction with Neopets, Meteor developed a new game based in the world Adam and Donna first created, Neopia. There was the ability to do quests on a board game-like map, sell items to NPCs in your shop, and earn achievements. These achievements sometimes come with a code for a free item on Neopets.
It was confirmed due to money losses and a plummet of users over the last few months along with laying off 90% of Meteor Games staff, Neopets: Treasure Keepers was shut down on Wednesday, December 14, 2011. Upon closing, users of the game were given a code to use on the Neopets.com website for 10,000 in-game NP and 11 other virtual items.

</doc>
<doc id="18308344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308344" title="Lorenzo de Monteclaro">
Lorenzo de Monteclaro

Lorenzo de Monteclaro (born September 5, 1939) is a singer of Mexican ranchera music. He was born with the name of Lorenzo Hernández en Cuencamé de Ceniceros, Durango, and sang for the first time on radio in the late 1950s on a Sunday talent contest called "Aficionados de los Ejidos" on XEDN (Torreón, Coahuila). He has sung on more than 90 albums and acted in almost 50 films and continues singing even after 5 decades. His youngest son, Ricardo de Monteclaro, is also the drummer, who plays in the band.
Discography (partial).
Chaparrita Pelo Largo [año?]
Ese Señor De Las Canas [año?]
Grandes Éxitos del Ausente [año?]
Los Mejores Corridos de Contrabando (1980)
Acompañado Por El Grupo De Rogelio Gutierrez (1981)
15 Auténticos Éxitos (1982)
Con Banda Sinaloense (1983)
Hipócrita (1984)
De Esta Sierra a la Otra Sierra (1985)
16 Grandes Éxitos (1986)
Corridos Famosos (1987)
Boleros de Siempre con Banda Sinaloense (1988)
Tesoros Musicales (1988)
La de la Boca Chiquita 
Solo Eres Tú (1989)
Canciones de Siempre con Lorenzo de Monteclaro y la Banda Los Escamilla (1991)
Persica (1991)
Tesoros Musicales (1991)
De Monteclaro Reyes Avitia (1992)
Indiscutíblemente (1996)
Lorenzo De Monteclaro (1992)
Corridos con Banda (1992)
Personalidad (1992)
De Mil Amores (1993)
20 De Colección (1994)
Brillantes (1994)
Digan lo que Digan (1995)
Lorenzo de Monteclaro y Sus 15 Grandes Éxitos (1995)
Mexicanísimo: 20 Éxitos (1995)
Econo Series (1997)
Raíces de Música Norteña (1997)
Raíces de la Música Norteña (1998)
20 Éxitos (2000)
Mis Mejores Años (2000)
Sensación de Lorenzo de Monteclaro (2000)
Esto Es lo Mejor: 20 Exitos (2002)
30 Éxitos Insuperables (2003)
Mis 30 Mejores Canciones (2003)
Estrellas Y Relampagos (2005)
15 Éxitos (2006)
30 Éxitos De Siempre (2006)
Ausente (2006)
Ídolos de Siempre (2006)
Raíces de Nuestra Música (2006)
Cuando los Hijos se Van (2008)
El Amor No Se Vende (2008)
Filmography (partial).
Tierra Sa (1965)
Me caí de la nube (1974)
Los Tres compadres (1975)
dios los cria
Y tambien Salio en una pelicula con El Gran Estreno con su colega del alma El Moe Better en Guerreros de Jalisco en (1985)

</doc>
<doc id="18308345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308345" title="Fergal mac Anmchada">
Fergal mac Anmchada

Fergal mac Anmchada (died 802) was a King of Osraige in modern County Kilkenny. He was of the dynasty that ruled over Osraige in the early Christian period known as the Dál Birn and was the son of Anmchad mac Con Cherca (died circa 761), a previous and aggressive king. 
The Osraige plunged into civil war upon the death of his father Anmchad. The annals record civil wars in 769–770 and 784. The exact year of his accession is unknown. The "Book of Leinster" king list mentions a kings between the death of Fáelán mac Forbasaig (died 786) and the reign of Fergal who is not attested in the annals. Fergal is given a reign of five years in this list so would have been ruling by at least 797. With the accession of Fergal, the Osraige began a period of stability and direct father to son succession in the 9th century. 
The annals mention no data of Fergal other than his death obit in 802. His son Dúngal mac Fergaile (died 842) was also King of Osraige and he was grandfather of the powerful Osraige king Cerball mac Dúnlainge (died 888).

</doc>
<doc id="18308361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308361" title="Abunidazole">
Abunidazole

Abunidazole (INN) is an antifungal drug.

</doc>
<doc id="18308362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18308362" title="Emile Duprée">
Emile Duprée

Emile Duprée (born Emile Goguen on October 20, 1936) is a former professional wrestler and promoter. He is also the father of former WWE professional wrestler, René Duprée and currently lives in Pointe-du-Chêne, New Brunswick.
Professional wrestling career.
Duprée began training in 1955 with Maritime professional wrestling legends Vic Butler and Reggie Richard. He had always been into weightlifting, but professional wrestling was something Duprée had never gotten into until Butler and Richard told Emile that they saw potential in Emile for a professional wrestling career.
Duprée started in Boston, Massachusetts and began to travel all over the continent and even went on tours to Australia and New Zealand. He has also wrestled for the legendary Canadian wrestling promotion Stampede Wrestling.
Throughout his career he has wrestled many wrestling legends including Killer Kowalski, Dusty Rhodes, and Maritime legend the Cuban Assassin.
Duprée's ring name has always sparked controversy, as there are two ways to spell "Duprée". People also write "Dupré". His son René wrestles under "Duprée".
Grand Prix Wrestling.
In 1977, Duprée began his own small wrestling promotion. This promotion was run all across the Maritimes and as years went on and the promotion grew, he would take the tour to Quebec, Ontario and other places around the Maritimes.
At one time, Grand Prix Wrestling was televised and had major success until World Wrestling Entertainment bought Grand Prix Wrestling from Emile. Notable wrestlers who have wrestled in Grand Prix Wrestling include Edge, Christian, Killer Kowalski, André the Giant, Harley Race, and Ric Flair.
During the summer of 2008, Emile ran Grand Prix Wrestling. Emile claims that the promotion ended due to heavy traveling costs. The promotion was partnered up with the WWE to bring Maritime wrestling talent into the WWE spotlight. As of May 2013, Emile and his son Rene decided to bring Grand Prix Wrestling back to life.

</doc>
