<doc id="18339985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18339985" title="Tom Kirk">
Tom Kirk

Tom Kirk was a rugby league footballer in Australia's New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership of the 1930s and 40s. A fullback and goal-kicker, he played for the Canterbury-Bankstown, Newtown and North Sydney clubs and also played representative football for New South Wales. He became the first player to score 1,000 career points in the NSWRFL as well as the first player to be the season's top point scorer five times.
Kirk first tasted premiership success with Canterbury's 1938 Grand Final-winning team, landing four goals in the 19-6 win over Easts in the final. That year he also topped the competition's point-scorers list and the following year made his debut for NSW in the centres. 
Joining Newtown, Kirk became the first player to kick 100 goals in a season in 1943, including five in the 34-7 win over Norths in the premiership decider. He was the season's leading point scorer on five occasions, the last in 1946. He twice kicked a club record 11 goals during the 1944 season and set Newtown's club record for most points in a match with 25 (1 try and 11 goals) against St George, on 26 August 1944. Kirk made a return to the New South Wales side in his final year in the Sydney competition. 
Kirk died in March 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18339992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18339992" title="Station Grand Théâtre (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Grand Théâtre (Tram de Bordeaux)

Grand Théâtre station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location.
The station is located at cours de l'Intendance in Bordeaux.
Junctions.
There are no junctions with other tram lines or buses at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18340032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340032" title="Buried Secrets (EP)">
Buried Secrets (EP)

Buried Secrets is the second EP by Painkiller originally released by Toy's Factory in Japan and Earache in the UK, featuring guest appearances from Justin Broadrick and G.C. Green from Godflesh.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Steve Huey states "Although this is experimental music, it works quite well — it's actually more sinister and menacing than many death metal groups. Very dark and very disturbing, 27 minutes is almost too much to handle". Guy Peters stated "Sometimes I wonder what it is that makes me check out music like this. Is it the brutality, the ugliness, the potential to offend, the randomness, the explicit cover art? Most people wouldn’t even call this ‘music’ when facing a .44 at close range. It must be the sheer extremity of it all that attracts me... "Buried Secrets" isn’t even a good album, but it sure is an experience".

</doc>
<doc id="18340040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340040" title="Ticketing and Reservation System">
Ticketing and Reservation System

Ticketing and Reservation System (TRS, 铁路客票发售和预订系统) is software used for rail ticketing in China Railways. The first release was in 1996. As of December 2009, the latest version in use is version 5.2. It was named SMART before (excluding) version 4.0.

</doc>
<doc id="18340054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340054" title="Keith Miller with the Australian cricket team in England in 1953">
Keith Miller with the Australian cricket team in England in 1953

Keith Miller was part of the Australian cricket team that toured England in 1953. While Miller was personally successful on tour, Australia lost the Ashes series to England, one Test to nil.
Early matches.
Australia proceeded to the 1953 Ashes tour, travelling to England aboard the "Orcades" after leaving Australia in late March. They almost did so with their three main bowlers marooned in an Italian jail. During a stopover at Naples on the sea voyage to England, Miller had taken Lindwall and Johnston to watch a rehearsal of "La Boheme" at the Teatro di San Carlo. The trio ignored the doorkeeper's attempt to stop them attending what was meant to be a private rehearsal, and proceeded inside to the auditorium. When they attempted to return to the boat, they found that the doorkeeper had locked them inside and called the police. Lindwall broke the door's lock and the pacemen ran back to the dock just before the gangplank was being pulled away. The Australians arrived at Southampton after four weeks at sea. He was embroiled in further controversy when "Bumper", a book that he had produced with his ghost-writer Dick Whitington, criticised his captain Hassett as being too cautious. The book commented that "Hassett deals, or fails to deal with things as they occur". Early on the tour, the "Evening News" ran the headline "Keith Miller Criticises his Captain". The poker-faced Hassett kept his cool at a welcome reception hosted by the Journalists' Association, introducing Miller to the guests by saying "There is Keith Miller, whom you all know well. I hear he has written a book. I know nothing about it."
The burden on Miller and Lindwall increased when Johnston broke down in the non-first-class tour game against East Molesey and then returned with diminished powers. Miller scored 33 and bowled five unsuccessful overs as Australia won the tour opener. Johnston had taken the most wickets on the 1948 tour, allowing Miller and Lindwall to focus on short, sharp bursts with the new ball against England's leading batsmen. Miller had to bowl 28 overs for 56 runs without taking a wicket in the tour's opening first-class fixture against Worcestershire, who made 7/333 declared. He then came to the crease with Australia struggling at 2/28 and proceeded to score an unbeaten 220 in just over six hours as Australia reached 7/542, whereupon the match ended in a draw. He featured in a 198-run partnership for the fourth wicket with Graeme Hole, who made 112, taking Australia from the precarious position of 3/28 to 4/226. This was followed by a 171-run partnership for the seventh wicket with fellow all-rounder Ron Archer, who made 108. He was run out for 42 against Leicestershire, featuring in a partnership of 98 with Neil Harvey, who made 202 not out as the Australians amassed 443. As the matches against Worcestershire and Leicestershire were played consecutively without a rest day between fixtures, Miller was given a light workload with the ball after his long innings in the former match. He was required only to bowl five wicketless overs in the second innings after the Australians enforced the follow on and completed an innings victory.
He then scored 159 not out as Australia amassed 6/453 declared before taking 1/21 in a win by an innings and 194 runs against Yorkshire. This time the innings was patient, taking 330 minutes, after being dropped in the slips when he was 20. The spectators were unfamiliar with this style of batting from Miller and sardonically slow-handclapped him. He was part of a middle-order fightback for Australia, putting on stands of 143 and 152 with Jim de Courcy (53) and Richie Benaud (97) for the fifth and sixth wickets respectively, after Hassett's men had fallen to 4/149.
He also took his first wicket of the tour in the second innings, ending with 1/21 from 14 overs. After batting for much of the first and second day, Miller was rested from his bowling duties during the first innings and was not asked to roll his arm over until the third day, once the other Australian bowlers had done most of the damage after asking the hosts to follow on. At this point, Miller had scored 421 runs in the first seven days of May without being dismissed by a bowler, and the media began to speculate that he could score 1000 runs in one month, something that had been done on a tour only by Bradman. This was hampered when he was rested from the match against Surrey at The Oval after playing in three consecutive first-class matches. Australia easily won the match by an innings.
Tests.
Miller's love of horseracing then interfered with his quest. Wanting to attend an afternoon race meeting, he convinced his captain Hassett to allow him to open the batting in the morning against Cambridge University after the Australians won the toss. Not intending to play a long innings, he attacked the bowling and was out for 20, before heading for the track. Miller had received gambling advice from a jockey friend. However, all six of the horses that Miller backed went on to lose and Miller and ran out of money. He went to place a bet on a seventh horse, only to find that he was no money left. The horse went on to win. Miller expected Australia to bat for the entire day, only to return late in the day to see Hassett leading the team onto the field for Cambridge's innings, the tourists having been bowled out for 383. Miller was not required to bowl in the first innings, before taking 2/27 in the second innings, including the wicket of top-scorer Raman Subba Row as Australia won by an innings and 110 runs.
This was followed by a match against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's, which fielded a virtual England Test team. Seven of the MCC's representatives went on to play in the First Test, while three others had already had Test experience, including former national captain Freddie Brown, so it was an opportunity to gain a psychological advantage in what amounted to a rehearsal for the Ashes. The first day's play was entire washed out by rain, leaving a bowler-friendly surface when the match started on the following morning. Miller bowled seven wicketless overs, conceding only ten runs, before Doug Ring took over and claimed five wickets as the MCC were dismissed for 80. Miller was then bowled by Trevor Bailey for a duck as the tourists slumped to 4/26 before recovering to take a 99-run first innings lead. In the second innings, Miller took the wickets of English Test opening batsmen, Reg Simpson and David Sheppard, trapping his victims leg before wicket and bowled respectively, to leave the hosts at 2/15 just before stumps on the second day. He later removed Fred Brown and Godfrey Evans in the middle-order, to end with 4/47, as the MCC made 196. The last two wickets came from deliberately unconventional balls, a full toss and a round arm delivery that were designed to surprise his opponents. This left Australia with a target of 98 for victory, but they had only reached 2/13 when time ran out. Miller was not required to bat.
Miller then opened the bowling and took 2/8 as Oxford University were dismissed for 70 after electing to bat. He then made 19, before taking 3/19 in a victory by an innings and 86 runs. However, he felt that umpire Frank Chester had taken a hostile attitude towards the Australians, a feeling that would persist through the summer. Miller then missed the innings victory against Minor Counties, instead spending the weekend with Princess Margaret. 
Miller returned for the match against Lancashire, scoring 20 and taking 1/27, his only victim in a rain-affected draw being Cyril Washbrook. The entire first day's play was lost and the match did not reach the second innings. A similar result occurred in the next match against Nottinghamshire, with Miller scoring 48 after taking 0/32 in the hosts' innings. The match was cut short by one day for the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II. Miller then scored six as Australia collapsed from 1/166 to be all out for 325 against Sussex. Miller then opened the bowling in the hosts' innings and bowled tidily, delivering five maidens in his six overs, and conceding only two runs, before he pulled rib muscles, meaning he could not bowl in the First Test at Trent Bridge. he was not required to bat or bowl in the second innings as Australia declared at 1/259 and the hosts hung on for a draw with one wicket intact. Miller was rested for the final tour match before the Tests, which was against Hampshire. The tourists won by 158 runs.
In the first innings of the First Test at Trent Bridge, Miller came to the crease on the first day with the score at 3/128 after Australia won the toss and elected to bat, facing wet conditions after the loss of Arthur Morris and Harvey in quick succession. He scored 55 in a partnership of 109 for the fourth wicket with Hassett. Both players batted patiently, scoring at around two runs per over. Miller was then dismissed by Johnny Wardle while going for a big hit to leave the score at 4/237 early on the second morning. It was a subdued innings from the all-rounder, who had hit only three fours in 184 balls faced. His dismissal triggered a sharp collapse as all the incoming batsmen were unable to pass four and Australia lost a total of 7/12 (including 6/5) to be all out for 249. Miller then looked on as England were bowled out for 144. He scored five in the second innings, caught off a deliberate full toss by Bedser, as Australia collapsed and lost 7/59 to be dismissed for 123, leaving England a victory target of 229. The hosts reached 1/120 before the match ended in a rain-affected draw.
Miller was rested for the match against Derbyshire immediately after the First Test, a rain-affected match that ended in a draw. Australia then travelled to Bramall Lane in Sheffield under the captaincy of Miller. Captain Hassett and his deputy Arthur Morris were rested from the match and stayed in London with the team manager. Miller bowled only one over after Yorkshire won the toss due to his sore rib. Nevertheless, after the first day's play, he organised a party for his young team that lasted until the next afternoon—the rest day. Miller and Lindwall, the two most senior players present, were the last to leave. They woke up with a hangover on the following day just minutes before play was to start in front of a packed stadium of 30,000. With no transport available, a journalist hired a hearse from a nearby funeral home to transport the pacemen to the ground. They arrived just in time and Yorkshire went on to finish at 377, Lindwall taking four of the last five wickets despite his hangover. When it was Australia's turn to bat, Miller rearranged his batting order to allow him more time to recover. As a result, with regular opener Colin McDonald absent hurt, Ian Craig and wicket-keeper Don Tallon opened the batting, but both were dismissed cheaply, for 19 and a duck respectively. However, Graeme Hole (71) and Harvey (69) consolidated the innings, and Miller came in at 3/128 and was the last man to be dismissed, having scored 86 from 195 minutes despite his hangover. He had been dropped five times during his innings, which helped Australia to avoid the follow on and end at 323. Having taken a 54-run first innings lead, Yorkshire reached 3/220 in their second innings and the match was drawn. Miller injury had improved and he took 0/40 in the second innings from 15 overs.
The Test series moved to Lord's, the home of cricket, for the second match. Miller resumed bowling a full workload, sending down 42 overs and taking a total of 1/74. Batting at No. 4, he managed 25 in the first innings, including a six, before being bowled by Wardle as Australia batted first and lost 9/156 to end on 346. England replied and Miller dismissed Trevor Bailey, who had resisted stubbornly in scoring only 2 runs from 34 balls, to take 1/57 from 25 overs as the hosts compiled 372. Promoted to number three in the second innings, he came to the wicket at 1/3 after the fall of Hassett to Brian Statham before batting patiently to reach stumps unbeaten on 58. Arthur Morris was unbeaten on 35 and Australia was at 1/96. The next morning, the pair proceeded steadily to 168, when Morris fell for 89. Miller then registered his first Test century on English soil, before being dismissed for 109 with the score at 4/235. It was the second time in the match that he had been bowled by Johnny Wardle. Miller struck 14 fours and one six during his stay of 271 balls, a relatively patient innings by his standards. Australia lost wickets steadily thereafter and were bowled out for 368. Chasing 343 for victory, England held on for a draw with three wickets in hand. Their defensive approach after stumbling to 4/73 meant that Miller conceded only 17 runs from his 17 overs in the second innings. the all-rounder was not given first use of the ball after his long innings and only bowled later as the tourists attempted to wear down the English middle-order.
Australia then played Gloucestershire. Miller took 1/13 from seven overs, dismissing former Test batsman George Emmett as the hosts were bowled out for 137. He then made 37 in Australia's total of 9/402 declared before taking 3/34 in the second innings, all of them middle-order wickets including the home captain Jack Crapp as the tourists took a nine-wicket victory. He was then rested from the match against Northamptonshire, which Australia won.
More than half of the Third Test at Old Trafford was washed out, with only seven sessions of play, resulting in another draw. It was timely for Australia, as they led by only 77 in the second innings with two wickets in hand after collapsing to be 8/35. Miller made 17 in the first innings before being bowled by Bedser, leaving Australia at 3/48. Australia then recovered with a century stand by Hole and Harvey, eventually ending at 318. Miller then took 1/38 claiming the wicket of Tom Graveney while bowling fast off breaks in England's first innings of 276. He then scored six with the bat in the second innings, before being stumped from the off spin of Jim Laker to leave Australia at 3/18, before his fellow batsmen continued to fall, leaving the tourists at 8/35.
Miller scored only five in a non-first-class match against Netherlands, and did not bowl as Australia won the single-innings match by 127 runs. Australia then played Middlesex at Lord's, where Miller scored a hard-hitting 71 after a night of heavy drinking, later claiming that he decided to attack and entertain because of the presence of Queen Elizabeth II. The "Daily Express" opined that "It was right royal entertainment". He earlier took 1/13 in the first innings, removing Jack Robertson and bowled four wicketless overs in the second innings as the hosts hung on for a draw, trailing by 154 runs with six wickets in hand.
Australia elected to field on a wet wicket in the Fourth Test at Headingley. Miller dismissed Edrich and Graveney and ended with 2/39 from 28 overs as England were bowled out for 167. However, it was his relationship with umpire Chester that garnered more attention. After a series of declined appeals and a barrage of short-pitched bowling at the English batsmen, Miller broke the stumps and appealed for a run out with the batsman more than a metre out of his ground, but Chester said not out. Angered, Miller appealed four more times for the wicket. Miller made only five in the first innings, to leave Australia at 3/84. However, Australia recovered to reach 266 and take a 99-run lead. In the second innings, Miller and Lindwall launched a short-pitched barrage and Miller dismissed Watson and Reg Simpson in consecutive balls to be 5/171. England were 5/177 a stumps on day four, leading by 78. The pacemen were booed from the field. Miller reacted to one heckler by challenging him to a fight, which was declined. The next day, Miller dismissed Godfrey Evans early to leave England at 6/182, just 83 runs ahead with four wickets in hand, before Trevor Bailey began his resistance. Miller and Bailey were rivals; both were all rounders, but while Miller was attacking, Bailey was stubborn and defensive. Bailey attempted to save the match by time-wasting and causing stoppages by appealing against the light, holding discussions with his partner and withdrawing when the bowler was running in. At one point, Miller lost his cool and aimed a beamer—in an illegal delivery— straight at Bailey's head, further angering the crowd. Miller later took the wicket of Tony Lock to end with 4/63 from a long spell of 47 overs and confronted another heckler on his way back to the dressing room, this time an elderly man. England held on for another draw after Bailey deliberately bowled wide down the leg side to prevent the Australian batsmen from reaching the target and used an uncharacteristically long run-up to slow down the proceedings. The teams would enter the Fifth Test at The Oval tied 0–0.
Miller had a quiet match against Surrey, scoring only one and bowling two wicketless overs for two runs in a rain-affected match that did not reach the second innings. He was rested for the match against Glamorgan before returning against Warwickshire. The home side batted first and reached 143 without loss before Miller took two quick wickets without further addition to the score. He returned to take eighth wicket, prompting a declaration. He ended with 3/48 and made a duck as Australia conceded a first innings lead of 89 runs. Miller then took 2/34, taking the only wickets to fall to a bowler, as Warwickshire declared at 3/76, before falling to Tom Dollery for 10 as the tourists stumbled to 5/53 from 58 overs when time ran out. He then scored 30 and 21 and took match figures of 4/68 as Australia defeated Lancashire by seven wickets. Miller was rested for the match against Essex, Australia's last before the deciding Test at The Oval.
Miller's last Test at The Oval was his least productive; he scored one in the first innings before Bailey trapped him leg before wicket as Australia were bowled out for 275. Miller then took 1/65 with his off breaks as England took a 31-run lead. In the second innings, Miller was dismissed without scoring, caught by Fred Trueman at short leg from Laker's off spin. It was part of a collapse from 1/59 to 5/61, with all the wickets falling to Laker and Lock on their Surrey home ground. Australia were bowled out for 162, leaving England 132 to win. England won the match by eight wickets and regained the Ashes. Miller claimed the wicket of Peter May to leave England at 2/88 but it was not enough to thwart the home team.
Miller's returns were below his Test career standards, with 223 runs at 24.77 and 10 wickets at 30.30. He took two catches in the Tests.
The final Test was followed by eight more matches, six of which were first-class. Miller missed the first of these, which was against Somerset. He returned in the following match against the Gentlemen of England at Lord's, not bowling in the first innings and scoring 14 in the first innings, again trapped leg before wicket by Bailey. He then took 2/59 and scored 67 in the second innings, putting on a century partnership with Morris to seal an eight-wicket win. He followed this with 68 and 1/17 in an innings win over Kent. Miller did little against the South of England, scoring only nine before falling to Doug Wright and taking match figures of 1/38, but Australia nevertheless completed victory by an innings and 163 runs. 
Miller ended his tour against the Combined Services at Kingston. Miller came to the crease at 1/2 after Morris was bowled for a duck. He counterattacked and reached his century before lunch, which he washed down with champagne. He then proceeded to 262 not out with 34 boundaries. This included a 377-run fourth-wicket stand by Jim de Courcy in only 205 minutes, followed by an unbeaten 126-run partnership with Craig. He particularly targeted Fred Trueman's bowling as Australia declared at 4/592. Trueman ended with 0/95 from 14 overs. He then took the first two wickets of the innings, both bowled, to leave the hosts at 2/28. He then returned to bowl Trueman and end with 3/17 as the Combined Services were bowled out for 161 and forced to follow on. He took another wicket, again castling the batsman, in the second innings as Australia easily won by an innings and 261 runs.
Miller was rested for the last three matches of the tour. These consisted of a match against TN Pearce's XI, and two matches against Scotland that were not accorded first-class status.
Overall.
Miller finished the English summer with 1,433 runs at 51.17, the second highest average behind Harvey among batsmen with over 200 runs. He scored five half-centuries and four centuries, two of which were double centuries. He was the only Australian to hit two double centuries and also took ten catches and 45 wickets at 22.51. For his efforts that summer, "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" named him one of its Five Cricketers of the Year. 

</doc>
<doc id="18340056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340056" title="Station Gambetta (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Gambetta (Tram de Bordeaux)

Gambetta station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Situation.
The station is located on Vital-Carles Street in Bordeaux.
Junctions.
Junctions with the following lines: "Place Gambetta"

</doc>
<doc id="18340100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340100" title="Junichiro Ito">
Junichiro Ito

Biography.
Ito was born in Tokyo in 1954. He graduated from the faculty of Medicine at the Chiba University with the degree of Bachelor of Medicine in 1980.
He was, then, appointed to the Assistant (equivalent to Assistant Professorship in North America) of the Department of Psychiatry at the Chiba University Hospital in 1984. He further became the Assistant of the Department of Psychiatry at the School of Medicine, Chiba University in 1992.
In 1994, he left the Chiba University for a research position at a national research institute; namely a division chief of a research division in the Department of Psychiatric Rehabilitation, National Institute of Mental Health.
In 1998, he completed a doctoral dissertation titled, "Distribution of EE and Its Relationship to Relapse in Japan," and earned a doctorate in Psychiatry and Neurology from Chiba University. He was promoted to the director of the Department in 2000.
Ito also is an initial co-chair of the Board of Directors of Community Mental Health & Welfare Bonding Organization, an authorized NPO entity aiming at the improvement of welfare on persons with mental disabilities.
References.
"ITO Junichiro." 
"Directory Database of Research and Development Activities." Tokyo.
Retrieved on 1 Mar. 2009. Available at 
http://read.jst.go.jp/index_e.html.

</doc>
<doc id="18340125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340125" title="Thalavady">
Thalavady

Thalavady is an Upper Kuttanadu village and Panchayat located in Kuttanadu Taluk, Alappuzha district, Kerala, India. The geography of Thalavady is dominated by the vast lush green paddy field,unique to Kuttanad villages bordered by a network of canals that runs between the fields and the Pampa River that flows through the village. Thalavady panchayat office is located in Trikkayil.
It also houses several famous temples and churches. Chakkulathukavu temple on the banks of Pampa river in Thalavady is one the most popular pilgrim centres in Kerala. The 25-year-old Pamba Boat race is held at Neeraettupuram on the day of Thiruvonam.
A book describing the village in detail was published in 1982, based on a socio-economic study conducted in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18340132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340132" title="Keith Miller with the Australian cricket team in England in 1956">
Keith Miller with the Australian cricket team in England in 1956

Keith Miller was selected for the 1956 Ashes tour. The team travelled to England aboard the "Himalaya" in March. He was not called upon to bowl and scored a duck in the first match against the Duke of Norfolk's XI at Arundel Castle, a non-first-class festival match, as Australia scraped home by three wickets.
However, on attempting to bowl in the nets in preparation for the first-class fixtures, he felt back pain again and was forced to see a specialist who told him to not bowl for a month because of fractured cartilage. Miller was rested for the opening first-class match against Worcestershire.
For the following match, captain Ian Johnson was rested and Miller skippered the Australians against Leicestershire. The hosts were bowled out for 298 and Miller opted not to bowl himself during the match because of injury. Coming in at 3/175, Miller combined in two double-century partnerships. He put on 230 for the fifth wicket with Peter Burge (99) and 203 for the sixth wicket with Ron Archer (88). He ended with his highest first-class score of 281 not out, striking 35 fours and a six in six and a half hours of batting. Australia compiled reached 6/694 when time ran out and the match ended in a draw.
After being rested in the following match against Yorkshire, Miller returned to action against Nottinghamshire, where he made 10 before being run out as Australia amassed 8/547. The home side responded with 345 and the match petered out into a draw with Australia at 1/53.
However, a tougher fight awaited against Surrey at The Oval, who had England's Test spin combination of Jim Laker and Tony Lock. Miller came in at 3/124 to join Colin McDonald and struggled, scoring 18 runs in his first 120 minutes; it was the slowest two hours of scoring in his career, featuring much pad play as he attempted to play Laker from the crease, and stretching forward with his long arms when necessary. Such was Miller's watchfulness that he only scored 21 of 97 runs as Australia lost 6/97 to be 9/217, whereas he was normally an attacking batsman. As his partners continued to fall, Miller accelerated and scored 36 of the 42 runs in the last-wicket partnership with Jack Wilson in half an hour. He cut loose in two consecutive overs from Lock, taking 11 and 14 respectively. He ended unbeaten on 57 as Australia were bowled out for 259; Laker taking all ten wickets. Surrey then scored 347. Miller fell to Lock for two in the second innings as Australia collapsed as lost 9/34 for 107. Such was the spin-friendly nature of the surface that Surrey's new ball pairing bowled only three overs before Laker and Lock took over. During the match, the home team's spin pairing bowled more than 65% of the overs, something that was to be repeated throughout the summer. Surrey then compiled the 20 runs required for victory, inflicting a ten-wicket defeat, Australia's first loss to a county since 1912. Following the loss, sections of the Australian media, led by Jack Fingleton, began campaigning for Miller to replace Johnson as captain. 
Miller was rested for the next match against Cambridge University, which Australia won. He returned to face Lancashire at Old Trafford, where he made 10 before being trapped by Brian Statham as Australia made 160 to take a 52-run first innings lead. He bowled for the first time on tour during the second innings, taking 1/10 from eight overs as the hosts declared at 6/238 and the match ended in a draw.
This was followed by a match against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's, in which England fielded a virtual Test lineup. After making six, bowled by Fred Titmus in Australia's first innings of 413, Miller bowled 22 overs without incident, ending with 2/56 as the MCC reached 9/203 at the end of the rain-affected match. The pace burden increased when Davidson broke his ankle. 
Miller started the match against Oxford University poorly. He was wicketless in the first innings and scored a duck as Australia took a 77-run lead. He bounced back to take 4/30 in the second innings, removing the last four wickets as Oxford fell from 6/158 to 191. Miller was not required to bat in the second innings as Australia completed an eight-wicket victory.
Australia'a last match before the First Test was against Sussex. Miller scored 26 and took 2/64 and two catches as the match barely reached the second innings after the hosts took a 67-run first innings lead.
By the First Test at Trent Bridge, Miller was shouldering the largest bowling load among the Australians. Lindwall and Davidson broke down during the first innings, with groin injury and chipped ankle bone respectively. Miller sent down 52 overs, almost one third of Australia's overs with the ball, in a match that lost two days' play to rain. Miller took 4/69 from 33 overs as England batted first and declared at 8/217. England started strongly to reach 2/180 when Miller had Peter Richardson caught behind. He then removed captain Peter May, followed by wicket-keeper Godfrey Evans two runs later, both caught behind, before removing Lock. 
Miller struggled with the bat, making a duck, trapped by Laker as Australia were bowled out for 148. With Lindwall and Davidson unable to bowl, Miller took 2/58 as England declared at 3/188 and set Australia a target of 258 in four hours. Australia struggled for one hour before Miller came to the crease with the score at 2/18. He struggled for 46 minutes in making four and again fell lbw to Laker, with the score at 3/41. He had been unsure as to how to play Laker and played far off the back foot and took guard outside leg stump. Australia ended at 3/120 when stumps were drawn.
Immediately after the Test, Australia struggled in a tour match against Northamptonshire. Miller was not called upon to bowl following his toil in the First Test as the hosts declared at 3/339. In contrast, Australia were struggling at 5/154 when Miller came to the crease. He scored 72, featuring in a 117-run seventh-wicket partnership with Archer as Australia recovered to 314. Northamptonshire were then dismissed for 171 with Miller again not bowling, but Australia stumbled to 6/98 when time ran out. Miller was run out for 20.
Miller was rested from the drawn match against Kent immediately before the Second Test. Australia was still to win a match against a county side during the tour.
The teams headed to Lord's where Miller had to carry the pace attack without the injured Davidson and Lindwall. Pat Crawford and medium pace all rounder Ken Mackay were called in to make their debut and support Miller and Ron Archer with the pace duties. Australia batted first and Miller managed to repel a late attack by Trueman and Brian Statham to end the first day on 18. However, he was bowled the next day by a Trueman inswinger for 28. Australia managed only 285 and Crawford injured himself after 29 balls. The burden on Miller—who was already vulnerable to injury—grew. Miller beat Peter Richardson several times before having him caught behind, and then bowled Tom Graveney with an inswinger. England were 2/32 and their captain Peter May received an inswinger from Miller first ball, which he inside edged onto his stumps. However, the bail vibrated but was not dislodged. England survived to be 3/74 at stumps. On the third morning, Miller beat May four times and then had Watson caught in the gully in his third over. He then removed his old sparring partner Bailey for 32 to end the innings after removing Trueman one run earlier. Miller's 5/72 was largely responsible for England falling for 171. He had bowled almost unchanged, delivering 34.1 of 82.1 overs. Miller's former rival and England captain Len Hutton said "I cannot remember seeing Miller bowl better or with more vicious purpose...He was bowling firmly, with imagination and accuracy, and no two balls were alike". Miller's former captain Lindsay Hassett said "His length was perfect and he varied his pace while he cut both towards and in from the slips".
Australia was in difficulty at 5/79 when Miller came to bat, he struck a counterattacking 30, with seven fours, before being caught behind off the bowling of Trueman in his last innings at Lord's. Australia recovered from 6/115 at stumps to finish at 257 to set England 371 to win. He then removed Graveney for 18 at the start of the run chase. Resuming the next morning, he bowled Watson from a full toss. After lunch, he had May and Evans both caught behind. He bowled Johnny Wardle and completed his only ten-wicket match haul in Test. England had lost their last four wickets for 11 as Australia won by 185 runs. Miller had bowled 70.1 overs for the match, and more than a third of the overs in the second innings. His knee had taken a heavy toll and Johnson gave him the next ten days away from cricket. Despite Australia's success, Miller's triumph and Johnson's effort in bowling only four overs and scoring 23, led to more calls for a change of captain.
As a result, Miller missed the matches against Yorkshire, Gloucestershire and Somerset. It was not until the match against Gloucestershire that Australia won its first match against county opposition on the tour. The other two matches were drawn.
Miller returned for the match against Hampshire, the last before the Third Test. He scored only three and six not out and took match figures of 1/56 from 25 overs while acting as captain, before experiencing more knee trouble in a drawn match.
As a result, Miller had to play purely as a batsman in the Third Test on a spinning pitch at Headingley. Australia were caught on a wet wicket in response to England's 325, and Miller came to the crease at 4/59 late on the second day. Laker then removed Archer and Mackay to leave Australia at 6/69. Resuming at 6/81 the following morning, Miller and Benaud added 73 to take the score to 6/142 before Benaud fell, prompting a collapse in which Australia lost its last four wickets for the addition of a solitary run. Miller battled for 130 minutes to equal top-score with 41 before being bowled while attempting to sweep Laker's slower ball. Australia were all out for 143 and forced to follow on, 182 runs behind. In the second innings, Miller joined Neil Harvey with the score at 2/45. After failing to disperse the English fielders by hitting out, Miller attempted to keep Laker and Lock at bay, using his pads to avoid having to play a shot. At one stage, Laker bowled 10 overs for only five runs. Australia reached 2/93 at stumps, with Harvey on 40 and Miller on 24. Miller had struck two sixes late in the day from Lock. The next day, Miller fell for 26 to Laker for the second time in the match, caught in the leg trap. This prompted a collapse as Australia lost 8/32 to be all out for 140, losing by an innings, for the first time in a Test in 18 years. In both innings, when Miller fell, Australia suffered a batting collapse against Laker and Lock, who took 18 wickets between them.
The Australian press attacked the team, and called for changes, including the omission of the captain, Johnson. Acerbic cricket pundit and former Test cricketer and team-mate Sid Barnes called Johnson "Australia's non-playing captain". Bill Ferguson, the Australian team's scorer, was also critical: "Had Johnson been told by his friends in the press that he was, in fact, a passenger, he might have pondered on the advisability of standing down. [...] There would have been no shame in standing down." Johnson, Miller and Gil Langley were the tour selectors. Langley and Miller were willing to omit Johnson, but only if the captain volunteered to stand aside. Johnson did not volunteer, so the others did not discuss the topic. The only change occurred when Miller proposed the replacement of Peter Burge with Ian Craig. This change came after a long silence between the trio as they waited for the others to bring up Johnson's form. Writing after the tour, Miller stated "Privately I thought that was not a form selection. On the other hand, I did not think it wise to change skippers in midstream." Miller and Johnson had both appointed as Members of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 1956 New Year Honours, and between the Tests they attended their formal investiture.
Miller was rested for the two matches before the Fourth Test, which were against the Club Cricket Conference (a non-first-class match) and Middlesex. 
The curator at Old Trafford had been ordered to prepare a dusty, spinning pitch that was devoid of grass for the Fourth Test. A win for England would see them retain the Ashes. England's chairman of selectors and former captain Gubby Allen thought that the pitch would fall apart by tea on the first morning; the surface had already cracked before the start of play. When the curator asked Allen if he would like the remaining grass removed, he indicated that he would not be sad if it happened, so the groundsmen cut what remained of the grass. The umpires felt that the match would be over within three days. Miller bowled 21 wicketless overs for 41 runs as England amassed 459 on the deteriorating and crumbling pitch. Australia began batting after lunch on the second day, and the pace pair of Brian Statham and Trevor Bailey only bowled then overs to remove the shine from the ball before Laker and Lock took over.
Laker dismissed Miller for six, his only scoring shot being a strike over the fence. Australia fell from 0/48 to be all out for 84, with Laker taking 9/37. Australia were forced to follow on and Miller was tormented for 15 minutes before being bowled for a duck by Laker, who took an unprecedented 10/53 at Test level to take a world record 19 wickets as Australia lost by an innings and 170 runs. Australia's misery was compounded by regular rain interruptions during their innings, which turned the pitch into a sticky wicket. "Wisden" reported that the Australians were said "to be extremely bitter over the condition of the pitch". Former Test cricketer and journalist Bill O'Reilly wrote "This pitch is a complete disgrace" while opening batsman Colin McDonald later said, "England cheated: if by cheating you include the practise of preparing wickets to suit your own purpose." During the Tests at Headingley and Old Trafford, Laker and Lock bowled two thirds of the overs and took 38 of the 40 Australian wickets.
The Test was immediately followed by a match against Surrey, meaning that Australia would have to face Laker and Lock again. Again, Surrey bowled their pacemen for only ten overs before the spinners took over. Miller then scored 11 as Australia made 143, again falling to Laker on a wet wicket. Miller struck back, taking the first four wickets to reduce Surrey to 4/52, his scalps including May and fellow Test batsman Ken Barrington. He returned to take the wicket of Surrey captain Stuart Surridge and ended with 5/84 as the hosts were restricted to a 38-run lead. He did not bat in the second innings before time ran out with Australia still at 3/47 in a rain-interrupted match. 
Miller missed the win over Glamorgan before returning to lead the team against Warwickshire as Johnson was rested. He had received death threats in the lead-up to the game, ordering him to lose. He scored 46 not out as Australia amassed 4/424 declared before taking 2/13 as Australia skittled their hosts for 194. Enforcing the follow on, Miller declined to bowl as Australia bowled the home team out by 103 to win by an innings and 127 runs. After scoring a duck and taking 1/49 in the first innings, Miller took 5/29 in the second innings against Derbyshire as the home team fell 51 runs short. He took three of the first four wickets to reduce the hosts to 4/24 before returning to take the last two wickets as Derbyshire were dismissed for 161. Miller was then rested for the match against Lancashire before returning against Essex for Australia's last match before the Fifth Test. He scored 50 as Australia compiled 349, after taking 3/35 in the first innings, bowling all of his victims, before taking 2/43 in the second as Australia won by an innings and 12 runs.
On the eve of the Fifth Test at The Oval, Miller announced that the tour would be his last, so that he would retire from cricket after the tour of the Indian subcontinent on the return voyage. In doing so, Miller had violated the Australian Board of Control's policy against players making media comment during a tour, so he was fined 100 pounds. Miller's close friend and England batsman Denis Compton had recovered from a knee injury and was selected, and their final clash at Test level was the subject of much media speculation.
In his final Test on English soil, Miller removed Richardson and David Sheppard for leave England at 3/66, before Compton and May took the score to 2/222. England then lost 8/25 and Miller finished with 4/91 as England were bowled out for 247 in their first innings. Miller came in to bat at 4/35 on a wet wicket and lofted Laker for a six, before proceeding to sweep anything that the off spinner delivered on a leg stump line. This helped Australia recover to 202, 45 runs in arrears, with Miller top-scoring with 61. He took another the wicket of Sheppard in the second innings as England made 3/182 across several rain-interrupted days, before May declared and set Australia 228 to win in two hours. Australia collapsed again and Miller came in for his last Test innings in England at 3/5. He ended unbeaten on seven when stumps were drawn at 5/27, after batting defensively for 66 minutes. The series ended 1–2. He ended the series with 201 runs at 22.55 and topped the bowling with 21 wickets at 22.23. 
The tour ended with four more matches and Miller played in all of them. He scored 17 as Australia reached 8/226 before the match against the Gentlemen of England at Lord's was washed out with not even one innings completed. Johnson had let Miller captain the team in his final appearance at Lord's but it was marked by a black eye sustained when he edged a bouncer into his face. He was eventually out hit wicket.
He then made 13 and nine not out and took match figures of 1/27 as the tourists overcame TN Pearce's XI by five wickets at Scarborough. England had fielded a Test-level team apart from the absence of Laker and Lock.
The tour ended with two fixtures that were not first-class, against Minor Counties and Scotland. Miller scored 31 and three and conceded a total of 71 runs without taking a wicket as Australia won both matches, with Miller captaining in the first match.
Miller topped the first-class bowling averages for the Australians with 50 wickets at 19.60. He scored 843 runs at 36.63. Were it not for his double century against Leicestershire, he would have averaged less than 25 with the bat.
Miller cited family reasons, a career in the media, and a desire to retire before being pushed for his retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="18340168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340168" title="Wynand Claassen">
Wynand Claassen

Wynand Claassen (born 16 January 1951 in Schweizer-Reneke) is a South African rugby player. He was selected as eighth-man for Northern Transvaal whilst studying architecture at the University of Pretoria in the late 1970s.
His father is George Claassen, a retired schoolmaster from Middelburg Hoërskool and winner of the 1961 Comrades Marathon between Pietermaritzburg and Durban.
He formed a loose-trio with Thys Lourens and Burger Geldenhuys and soon had two Currie Cup final victories under his belt.
In 1980 he moved to Natal and was selected for the Springboks in 1981, captaining the team on his debut against Ireland. Despite Natal's relegation to the Currie Cup B section at the end of 1981 he continued as Springbok captain until 1984.
Claassen is credited with reviving rugby at the University of Natal, both as a player and later as a coach. In 1988 he coached the Durban campus of the University of Natal to the Moor Cup title.
Springbok captain.
In 1981 he earned international acclaim as captain during the infamous "Rebel Tour" in New Zealand.
Political influence in South African Rugby.
Since retiring from the sport, he has maintained an active role in South African Rugby across the spectrum. He is often invited to the Captain's Table at various fund raising events.
He has also earned great respect through his active involvement along with other Springbok captains supporting AfriForum's memorandum against political interference and racial discrimination in rugby.
On 12 August 2008, Wynand Claassen and a delegation of former Springbok captains met with the South African Rugby Union as part of their campaign to express concerns and lobby against the use of race to determine team selection.
In this meeting they expressed their intent to send a memorandum to the International Rugby Board. They assert that racial discrimination in sport and team selection is in conflict with international sporting regulations.
Autobiography.
His autobiography, "More Than Just Rugby" was published in 1985.
Social Appearances.
Wynand Claassen was an honorary host on the Amabokoboko Blue Train which departed in June 2009 on a rare and distinguished journey from Pretoria. He played host to exclusive guests en route to watch the "Springboks" vs the "British & Irish Lions" in their first test match in Durban.
Architect.
Claassen is also an architecture graduate and occasional artist. In a "Sunday Times" interview with Jani Allan he described his passion for architecture: "I'm very interested in old architecture - I think it's a great pity that beautiful buildings that are part of our heritage are torn down to make way for great glass boxes." A self-portrait also accompanied the column.

</doc>
<doc id="18340185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340185" title="Brad Thor">
Brad Thor

Brad Thor (born 1969) is an American thriller novelist and author of "The Lions of Lucerne", "Path of the Assassin", "State of the Union", "Blowback", "Takedown", "The First Commandment", "The Last Patriot", "The Apostle", "Foreign Influence", "The Athena Project", "Full Black", and "Black List". His most recent novel, "Hidden Order" was released in July of 2013. Thor's novels have been published in countries around the world. He also contributed a short story entitled "The Athens Solution" to the James Patterson-edited anthology, "Thriller". 
"The Last Patriot" was nominated for "Best Thriller of the Year" by the International Thriller Writers Association. His novel "Blowback" was voted by National Public Radio listeners as one of the "100 Best Ever" Killer Thrillers.
He lives in Chicago and in the Greek island of Antiparos.
Biography.
Thor was born and raised in Chicago, but lived in Park City, Utah for eight years.
Thor is a graduate of the Sacred Heart Schools, the Francis W. Parker School (Chicago), and the University of Southern California ("cum laude"), where he studied creative writing under author T.C. Boyle.
Prior to becoming a novelist, he was the award-winning creator, producer, writer, and host of the national public television series "Traveling Lite."
Thor is a member of The Heritage Foundation and has spoken at their national headquarters on the need for robust missile defense. Thor is a Fellow of the Alexandrian Defense Group, and is a frequent television and cable news commentator.
Thor has said in interviews that he shadowed a Black ops team in Afghanistan in 2008 to conduct research for his thriller "The Apostle".
Media.
Thor is a regular contributor to the Glenn Beck television program and has appeared on other Fox News Channel shows, as well as on CNN, ABC, CBS, NBC, MSNBC, and PBS to discuss terrorism and parallels between his novels and real threats facing the world today.
On June 17, 2009, Thor hosted a one-hour "Insider Special" for Beck's radio show. He also blogs for Andrew Breitbart's BIG sites.
Warner Bros. has purchased the rights to both Thor's Scot Harvath and his "The Athena Project" books to develop action-thriller movie franchises for the studio.
DHS Red Cell Program.
In an interview with the Daily Caller, Thor revealed that he is a participant in a Department of Homeland Security program designed to identify targets for terrorism. Described by Thor as the "Analytical Red Cell Unit", the program uses creative thinkers from outside of Washington, D.C. to create possible terrorism scenarios for the government. The creative individuals work with members of the government, military, and intelligence community. Thor describes Red Cell as the "Las Vegas" of government programs, saying "what happens in Red Cell, stays in Red Cell."
Reaction to "The Last Patriot".
Because of the content of Thor's thriller "The Last Patriot", Glenn Beck predicted he might be assassinated by Muslim extremists. Thor has been referred to by WorldNetDaily as "the new Salman Rushdie.
Robert D. Crane, a Muslim convert and one-time aide to Richard Nixon, called the novel, "Islamophobia," "a subliminal mimetic," and an "emotional demonization of Islam and Muslims." In response, Robert Spencer, terrorism consultant for the US government, criticized Crane's article.
The novel is said to have been banned in Saudi Arabia.
Bibliography.
His novels have been published in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Czech Republic, Bulgaria, Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, India, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, New Zealand, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Serbia, Spain, United Kingdom, United States, Thailand, Turkey, and Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="18340186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340186" title="Mount Aka (Daisetsuzan)">
Mount Aka (Daisetsuzan)


</doc>
<doc id="18340192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340192" title="Doonbeg">
Doonbeg

Doonbeg () is a village in West County Clare, Ireland. It is situated on the N67 between the towns of Kilkee and Milltown Malbay. The nearest large towns are Kilrush and Kilkee, which are both approximately 7 miles away.
The central point of the village is an architecturally significant seven-arched stone bridge which crosses the Doonbeg River and divides the village. This is famous as a lady called Mary Belfast used to live under one of the arches and the remains of her dwelling exist to this day. The crossing is overlooked by the remaining fortifications of Doonbeg castle.
The village is located in Killard parish and in the diocese of Killaloe. There is a modern Roman Catholic church, noteworthy for the stained-glass windows that are uniquely designed so that the various colours illuminate the altar throughout the day. The church was built in 1976 and has an uncommon octagonal shape. It replaced the older crucifix-shaped church that was built in 1813.
There are also several pubs, Doonbeg National School, two shops, a post office and a village hall and tourist office.
Sport.
Gaelic football is popular in Doonbeg. The main playing area is the Shanahan McNamara Memorial grounds which are located outside the village. Doonbeg GAA is the second most successful gaelic football club in the history of Clare Senior Football Championship having won 18 county titles. Doonbeg's football team is known as "The Magpies" as a result of the black and white shirts which are traditionally worn. 
The prestigious Greg Norman designed golf links Doonbeg Golf Club is situated outside the village.
Doonbeg is home to one of Clares best surf beaches known locally as "Doughmore". The beach includes hazards such as strong rip currents and has been signposted as "dangerous for bathing" by Clare County Council. It is popular among local intermediate surfers as it picks up the smallest swells when none of the surrounding beaches will and due to its tranquility. The beaches tranquility is mainly due to the difficulty of access. The beach runs parallel to Doonbeg Golf course which must be crossed in order to get onto the beach.
History.
A settlement has existed at the current river crossing since medieval times. The village name Dunbeag or small fort possibly refers to Doonbeg castle or an earlier fortification located at the river crossing . The castle was built in the 16th century, it has been historical associated with the MacMahon and O'Brien clans.
Geography.
Doonbeg is surrounded by farmland the majority of which is used for dairy farming. There is also extensive bogland area near the village. The best areas to visit are in Tulliher and Derryard. The Doonbeg River flows through the village and enters the Atlantic Ocean at the nearby Doonbeg Bay where there is a fishing pier located beside the ruins of Doonmore Castle.
Tourism.
Traditional music and dancing are popular in the pubs of Doonbeg. Special events include the Willie Keane Memorial Weekend in October. In addition to this, there is also a jazz festival on Whit Weekend in June. The village is also host to the West Clare Drama Festival which was established in 1962.
In the outlying parish, popular scenic areas are the cliffs of Ballard and Killard and the popular White Strand beach which is located in the townland of Killard. Surfing has become popular in recent times along the northern coastline of the parish.
The White Strand beach in Killard attracts lots of visitors during the summer due to the availability of two beaches for safe swimming and the cleaniness of the water. Nearby there is a monument to Pat McDonald who was born in Killard and won an Olympic Gold Medal representing the US in Men's Shot Put. When he won his Olympic gold medal in 1920, he was aged 42, making him the oldest Olympic track & field champion ever.
There are picnic areas on the banks of the river near the bridge; it is also possible to fish in this area. Fishing is also possible around the coastal area of Doonbeg and shore fishing from the Blue Pool in Baltard is popular but dangerous in bad weather.

</doc>
<doc id="18340209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340209" title="Yucca Flat">
Yucca Flat

Yucca Flat is a closed desert drainage basin, one of four major nuclear test regions within the Nevada Test Site (NTS), and is divided into nine test sections: Areas 1 through 4 and 6 through 10. Yucca Flat is located at the eastern edge of NTS, about ten miles (16 km) north of Frenchman Flat, and from Las Vegas, Nevada. Yucca Flat was the site for 739 nuclear tests – nearly four of every five tests carried out at the NTS. 
Yucca Flat has been called "the most irradiated, nuclear-blasted spot on the face of the earth". In March 2009, "TIME" identified the 1970 Yucca Flat Baneberry Test, where 86 workers were exposed to radiation, as one of the world's worst nuclear disasters.
Geology.
The open, sandy geology of Yucca Flat in the Tonopah Basin made for straightforward visual documentation of atmospheric nuclear tests. When testing went underground, deep layers of sedimentary soil from the erosion of the surrounding mountains allowed for relatively easy drilling of test holes.
Hundreds of subsidence craters dot the desert floor. A crater could develop when an underground nuclear explosion vaporized surrounding bedrock and sediment. The vapor cooled to liquid lava and pooled at the bottom of the cavity created by the explosion. Cracked rock and sediment layers above the explosion often settled into the cavity to form a crater.
At the south end of Yucca Flat is Yucca Lake, also called Yucca Dry Lake. The dry, alkaline lake bed holds a restricted runway (Yucca Airstrip) which was built by the Army Corps of Engineers before nuclear testing began in the area. To the west of the dry lake bed is News Nob, a rocky outcropping from which journalists and VIPs were able to watch atmospheric nuclear tests at Yucca Flat.
Nearby.
West of the dry lake bed, cresting the top of Yucca Pass, is Control Point, or CP-1, the complex of buildings which contains testing and monitoring equipment for nuclear tests, and a cafeteria that seats 32. CP-1 overlooks both Yucca and Frenchman Flats. Today, Control Point is the center for support of all activity at the NTS.
A subsidence crater in nearby Area 5 is home to a number of storage containers holding contaminated scrap metal and debris, and is subject to periodic monitoring of radioactivity levels.
Nuclear testing.
Yucca Flat saw 739 nuclear tests, including 827 separate detonations. The higher number of detonations is from single tests that included multiple nuclear explosions occurring within a 0.1 second time window and inside a 2 km diameter circle. 62 such tests took place at NTS.
No test at Yucca Flat ever exceeded 500 kilotons of expected yield. Tests of larger explosions were carried out at Rainier Mesa and Pahute Mesa, as their geology allowed deeper test shafts.
First tests.
The first test explosion at Yucca Flat came after five prior atmospheric tests at nearby Area 5 as part of Operation Ranger. On October 22, 1951, the "Able" test of Operation Buster was detonated at the top of a tower in Area 7, resulting in a nuclear yield less than an equivalent kilogram of TNT; the shot was a fizzle. It was the world's first failure of a nuclear device. Over the next two weeks, four successful tests were conducted via airdrop, with bomber aircraft releasing nuclear weapons over Area 7.
The first underground test at NTS was the "Uncle" shot of Operation Jangle. Uncle detonated on November 29, 1951 within a shaft sunk into Area 10.
Operation Plumbbob.
In Area 9, the 74-kiloton "Hood" test on July 5, 1957, part of Operation Plumbbob, was the largest atmospheric test ever conducted within the continental United States; nearly five times larger in yield than the bomb dropped on Hiroshima. A balloon carried Hood up to 460 meters above the ground where it was detonated. Over 2,000 troops took part in the test in order to train them in conducting operations on the nuclear battlefield. of iodine-131 (131I) were released into the air. With a relatively brief half-life of eight days, 131I is useful as a determinant in tracking specific nuclear contamination events. 131I comprises about 2% of radioactive materials in a cloud of dust stemming from a nuclear test, and causes thyroid problems if ingested.
The "John" shot of Plumbbob, on July 19, 1957, was the first test firing of the nuclear-tipped AIR-2 Genie air-to-air rocket designed to destroy incoming enemy bombers with a nuclear explosion. The two-kiloton warhead exploded approximately three miles above five volunteers and a photographer who stood unprotected at "ground zero" in Area 10 to show the apparent safety of battlefield nuclear weapons to personnel on the ground. The test also demonstrated the ability of a fighter aircraft to deliver a nuclear-tipped rocket and avoid being destroyed in the process. A Northrop F-89J fired the rocket.
Operation Plowshare.
A dramatically different test shot was the "Sedan" test of Operation Storax on July 6, 1962, a 104 kiloton shot for the Operation Plowshare which sought to discover whether nuclear weapons could be used for peaceful means in creating lakes, bays or canals. The explosion displaced twelve million tons of earth, creating a crater wide and deep in Area 10. For an underground shot, a relatively large amount of energy was vented to the atmosphere, estimated to be 2.5 kilotons (7.4 bars of pressure). Two radioactive dust clouds rose up from the explosion and traveled across the United States, one at and the other at . Both dropped radioactive particles across the USA before crossing into the sky above the Atlantic Ocean. Among many other radioisotopes, the clouds carried of 131I. 
Sedan Crater was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
Baneberry.
Area 8 hosted the "Baneberry" shot of Operation Emery on December 18, 1970. The Baneberry 10 kiloton test detonated below the surface but its energy cracked the soil in unexpected ways, causing a fissure near ground zero and the failure of the shaft and cap. A plume of fire and dust was released three and a half minutes after ignition, raining fallout on workers in different locations within NTS. The radioactive plume released of radioactive material, including of iodine-131. After dropping a portion of its load locally, the hot cloud's lighter particles were carried to three altitudes and conveyed by winter storms and the jet stream to be deposited heavily as radionuclide-laden snow in Lassen and Sierra counties in northeast California, and to lesser degrees in southern Idaho, northern Nevada and some eastern sections of Oregon and Washington states. The three diverging jet stream layers conducted radionuclides across the US to Canada, the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean.
Some 86 workers at the site were exposed to radioactivity, but according to the Department of Energy none received a dose exceeding site guidelines and, similarly, radiation drifting offsite was not considered to pose a hazard by the DOE. In March 2009, TIME magazine identified the Baneberry Test as one of the world's worst nuclear disasters.
Two US Federal court cases resulted from the Baneberry event. Two NTS workers who were exposed to high levels of radiation from Baneberry died in 1974, both from acute myeloid leukemia. The district court found that although the Government had acted negligently, the radiation from the Baneberry test did not cause the leukemia cases. The district decision was upheld on appeal in 1996.
Huron King.
As part of Operation Tinderbox, on June 24, 1980, a small satellite prototype (DSCS III) was subjected to radioactivity from the "Huron King" shot in a vertical line-of-sight (VLOS) test undertaken in Area 3. This was a program to improve the database on nuclear hardening design techniques for defense satellites. The VLOS test configuration involved placing a nuclear device (less than 20 kilotons) at the bottom of a shaft. A communications satellite or other experiment was placed in a partially evacuated test chamber simulating a space environment. The test chamber was parked at ground level at the top of the shaft. At zero time, the radiation from the device shot up the vertical pipe to the surface test chamber. Mechanical closures then intercepted and sealed the pipe, preventing the explosive shock wave from damaging the targets. The test chamber was immediately disconnected by remote control from the pipe and quickly winched to safety before the ground could subside to form a crater. The Huron King test cost US$10.3 million in 1980 dollars.
Last test.
The final test at Yucca Flat (also the last test at the entire Nevada Test Site) was Operation Julin's "Divider" on September 23, 1992, just prior to the moratorium temporarily ending all nuclear testing. Divider was a safety experiment test shot that was detonated at the bottom of a shaft sunk into Area 3.
Abandoned tests.
Three tests planned for 1993 have been abandoned in place, two in Yucca Flat. The Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty had been strongly supported by the UN General Assembly in 1991, and negotiations began in earnest in 1993. The United States, on October 3, 1992, suspended all nuclear weapons testing programs in anticipation of eventual ratification of the treaty. The partially assembled cabling, towers and equipment for shot "Icecap" in Area 1 and shot "Gabbs" in Area 2 lie amid weeds and blowing dust, waiting for a possible resumption of nuclear testing. Shot "Greenwater" awaits its fate in Area 19 at Pahute Mesa. "Icecap" was to be a joint US-UK test event.
Radioactivity.
UGTA.
The United States Department of Energy produced a report in April, 1997, on a subproject of the Nevada Environmental Restoration Project. The larger project involves environmental restoration and mitigation activities in the NTS, Tonopah Test Range, Nellis Air Force Range, and eight further sites in five other states. The Underground Test Area (UGTA) subproject focuses on defining the boundaries of areas containing unsafe water contaminated with radionuclides from underground nuclear tests. The ongoing subproject is tasked with predicting the future extent of contaminated water due to natural flow and it is expected to quantify safe limits for human health. Yucca Flat was identified as a Corrective Action Unit (CAU). Because of the great expense and virtual impossibility of cleaning up the Nevada Test Site, it has been characterized as a "national sacrifice zone."
USGS.
In 2003, the United States Geological Survey (USGS) collected and processed magnetotellurics (MT) and audio-magnetotelluric (AMT) data at the Nevada Test Site from 51 data stations placed in and near Yucca Flat to get a more accurate idea of the pre-Tertiary geology found in the Yucca Flat Corrective Action Unit (CAU). The intent was to discover the character, thickness, and lateral extent of pre-Tertiary rock formations that affect the flow of underground water. In particular, a major goal was to define the upper clastic confining unit (UCCU) in the Yucca Flat area.
First responder training.
The radioactivity present on the ground in Area 1 provides a radiologically-contaminated environment for the training of first responders. Trainees are exposed to methods of radiation detection and its health hazards. Further training takes place in other areas of NTS.

</doc>
<doc id="18340214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340214" title="Suðureyri">
Suðureyri

Suðureyri is a small Icelandic fishing village perched on the tip of the 13 km-long Súgandafjörður in the Westfjords.
The community was isolated for years by the huge mountains and rough road that led over them. Now it is connected to Ísafjörður by a 5 km tunnel.
The village has tours set up to allow visitors to experience traditional Icelandic life firsthand. This includes going out on original fishing boats or visiting the fish factory in town. 
Amenities include a geothermal swimming pool, campsite, hotel and a restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="18340222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340222" title="Wilfredo Ruiz">
Wilfredo Ruiz

Wilfredo Ruiz Bruno (born June 1, 1962) is a retired Uruguayan professional basketball player. In the FIBA World Championship of 1982, playing for Uruguay national basketball team, he averaged 23.4 points per game. 
At the Olympic Games in Los Angeles 1984, Ruiz was one of the leaders along with Carlos Peinado and Horacio “Tato” López and finished with his team in sixth place. Nicknamed "Fefo" He also played for Estudiantes de Bahía Blanca in the Liga Nacional de Básquetbol where he was the league's best scorer during its first three years of existence (1985–87).

</doc>
<doc id="18340239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340239" title="Guts of a Virgin">
Guts of a Virgin

Guts of a Virgin is the first EP by Painkiller, a band featuring John Zorn, Bill Laswell and Mick Harris. It contains twelve tracks and was released on the Toy's Factory label in Japan and the Earache label in England in 1991. The cover art was censored in the UK after customs seized and destroyed the first shipment for violating the Obscene Publications Act.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars. Guy Peters stated "People who are into adventurous, fearless experimentation should check this out - even if it’s only to have heard it once -, but if Slayer and average free jazz are already too extreme for your tastes (pussy music!), just avoid this release, the real soundtrack to the apocalypse".

</doc>
<doc id="18340246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340246" title="Comoros at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
Comoros at the 2008 Summer Olympics

Comoros competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, People's Republic of China from August 8 to August 24, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18340258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340258" title="Autodromo di Mores">
Autodromo di Mores

Autodromo di Mores is a permanent motor racing and motorbike race track on the Italian island of Sardinia. Building first started on the circuit on 15 July 2000 and was completed on 15 March 2003. The circuit hosts the Prove Libere Motociclistiche, Sardegna VaCanze, BMW Academy, Gully Racing and Sardegna Motori [http://www.autodromosardegna.net/home.php?lang=eng].

</doc>
<doc id="18340262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340262" title="Panjpir">
Panjpir

Panjpir, Pakistan, is a town and union council in district Swabi that is surrounded by Shahmansoor, Kaddi, Thand Kohi, Bam Khel, Dara and Ismailabad.
It is located approximately 100 Kilometers both from Peshawar and Islamabad through recently constructed Peshawar Islamabad Motorway (M-I) with nearest approach at Swabi Interchange near Ambar village on the right bank of Indus River.Panj Pir Ghar (Panj Pir Mountain) with its sharpest ridge rises to the height of 2,130 feet above sea level or 940 feet above the Yousafzai plain, (Source Gazetteer of Peshawar District 1897-98) while highest peak of the Panj Pir hills is at 2,053 feet altitude from the sea level according to a recent Topo-Sheet issued by the Survey of Pakistan. 
The area is bounded by the mountain Panjpir Ghar to its north, Badrai Khwar to its west, the Pehur Lift Canal to its east.
Total population of the village was 1,065 - Muslims were 1,054 with 542 males & 512 females while Hindus were 11 with 8 males and 3 female total 1,065 persons in 1869. (Source: Tareekh-e-Peshawar). Total population of the village was 3,175 in 1951, 8,227 in 1981 and 13,936 (Males 6,854 and Females 7,082) according to Census of 1998 conducted by the Government of Pakistan. Literacy rate in the same year was 49.30% of the total population. 
Total area of Panj Pir is 3,205 Acres or 25,640 Kanals including streams, mountain, hillocks, ravines and a large cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18340309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340309" title="NME Single of the Year">
NME Single of the Year

Every December, British music magazine "NME" compiles a list of what it considers the best single or track of the year. It was started in 1975. The list is usually published in one of the issues sold before Christmas – in 2006 it was published in the issue for December 9. The companion list is NME album of the year
The NME Single of the Year list is compiled by the music reviewers and independent journalists who work for the magazine and for NME.com. Each picks his or her top 20 singles of the year and hands them in to the editor. An album marked at Number One gets 20 points, Number Two gets 19 points and so on until the 20th, which gets one point. All of the points from the various top 20s are then gathered together and the overall favourites are worked out and ranked for publication in the official list. The single or track with the most points overall is Number One in the list, the one with the second most points is Number Two and so on. There have been, to date, three artists who have won Album and Single of the Year in the same year: Joy Division in 1980, Klaxons in 2007 and MGMT in 2008. Cecil Womack and Bobby Womack also won Single & Album of the Year respectively in 1984.
References.
NME End of year critic lists

</doc>
<doc id="18340324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340324" title="The World's Astonishing News">
The World's Astonishing News

"The World's Astonishing News" began airing in 2002. The majority of the episodes are produced by Sean Traynor, E. Paul Dimartino Jr., and directed by either Yuki Gouroku, Shunsuke Morita, or Naoko Yamada. The show is produced under Duo Creative Communications, a San Francisco based company, and is distributed through Nippon Television Network (NTV), where the program receives its distribution through Japan and many other Asian countries.
The show is filmed throughout the San Francisco Bay Area as well as in Japan, and episodes air every month or so throughout Asia. The episodes are shot in documentary-style formats, to preserve the investigatory aesthetic, with English subtitles.
Plot.
Episode topics have included stories such as the ones of Aileen Wuornos, psychic Kathlyn Rhea, and of the Wendy's Finger-in-the-chili incident. Episodes story lines also include those of Alexander Graham Bell, Gale St. John, and Lisa Marie Nowak.
Characters.
Characters include Ross Turner as serial killer James Koedatich, David Alan Hodges as Brent Hicks, David Pearl as Detective, Big Spence as Jimmy, Jaime Soria as Autistic Classmate, Alexi Torres as (teenage) John Wayne Gacy, and Kyle Scudiere as Detective Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="18340331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340331" title="Luys Ycart">
Luys Ycart

Luys Ycart (fl. 1396–1433), or Lluís Icart () in modern orthography, was a Catalan poet. He left behind fourteen lyric poems and a long poem called "Consolació i Avís d'amor" ("consolation and advice of love"). All of his poetry was produced before the composition of the chansonnier Vega-Aguiló (1420–30), into which it was copied soon after it was written. 
Luys was a minor nobleman, the son of Pere Ycart and Johanna de Subirats from Lleida. As early as 1396 he had a relationship with a woman known as Lionor de Pau. He was dubbed a knight in 1429 or 1430. He married a woman named Blanquina in an unknown year, but his four children were still young in 1433. Luys participated in the Lleidan feuds that dominated the local situation in the 1420s and 1430s. In 1430 the offenders, including Luys and his enemy Felip Claver, were fined by Queen Maria. In 1433 Maria confiscated Luys' property for his complicity in the assassination of the archdeacon of Lleida. Sometimes thereafter he adopted his mother's surname of "de Subirats", a common practice in those times.
Luys participated in the "jocs florals" of the Consistori del Gay Saber, held annually in Toulouse. One song composed by Luys for judgement in the Consistori's contests has survived, addressed appropriately to "los senhors set" of the "gay sauber". In this poem the artificial restraints imposed by the Consistori through its "Leys d'amor" (laws of love, i.e. poetic composition) are evident in Luys' verse. The rhyme scheme is a simple "rims capfinits". The poem is uninspired, repetitive, and forced. 
The style of Luys' competitive work was atypical. Martín de Riquer describes his poetry as the pure and fluid unfolding of traditional troubadour themes with discreet ornamentation. His poetry is filled with amorous laments ("planhs"). His most famous love piece is probably his "cobla sparça" dedicated to Lionor, the daughter of the chamberlain Francesc de Pau. Lionor we know to have been in the entourage of Violant de Bar and to have accompanied the six-month-old Joana de Perpinyà (youngest child of John I of Aragon) in 1396, around which time Luys' composed his poem. Using the form of a madrigal, Luys praises "Na Pau" (Lady Peace, a play on her name) and plays on the expression "donar la pau" (give a kiss): "Na Pau, n'he pau", "Lady Peace, have a kiss". 
In several other of his love poems Luys sings to a queen, probably the widowed Margarida de Prades, who also attracted the praise of Jordi de Sant Jordi and Ausiàs March. The feudo-vassallic allegory of love pervades Luys' writings, no more so than in those dedicated to Margarida, wherein he sometimes describes the concrete realities of her court. 
The piece of Luys' that most stubbornly resists comprehension is a "tenso" with a certain Regadelh: "Frayres molt cars, meravila•m de vós". The identity of this Regadelh has never been ascertained: it could be the archdeacon Manuel de Rajadell, to whom Felip de Malla dedicated his "Pecador remut", or a Bernat Fajadell (or Rajadell), beneficed at Barcelona, who was the inspiration behind a cycle of satires. The uneven "tenso" contains one stanza from Luys, one retort from Regadelh, and a third unassigned paragraph that certainly belongs to Luys. The debate is good-natured and designed to be entertaining, but many of the references and allusions elude interpretation. 
The longest of Luys' surviving works is his 523-line, hexasyllabic "Consolació o Avís d'amor", which ends with a summary stanza in decasyllables. The purpose of the work is as consolation ("consolació") and counsel ("avís") to a friend suffering from a disease of love. It is a "lletovari" (electuarium). Unlike similar Catalan works of the same era, such as Johan Basset's "Letovari" and Bernat Metge's "Medicina", Luys' "Consolació" is heavy and serious in tone. The philosophy espoused is completely that of courtly love, and of Ovid, though whether consciously is doubtful. 

</doc>
<doc id="18340339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340339" title="The Last Patriot">
The Last Patriot

The Last Patriot is a thriller written by American novelist Brad Thor. It tells the story of counter-terrorism agent Scot Harvath's attempts to uncover a revelation that could damage the standing of radical Islam. In the book's plot, the Islamic prophet Mohammed is depicted as having been assassinated by his followers to conceal a damaging secret. Twelve centuries later, Thomas Jefferson unearths the mystery and leaves clues for future searchers to follow. Harvath attempts to unravel the truth about Mohammed's ultimate epiphany in the face of deadly resistance from those intent on keeping it suppressed.
The novel was a number-one New York Times Bestseller. The book was nominated for "Best Thriller of the Year 2008" by The International Thriller Writers Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18340343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340343" title="No. 18 Radar Station RAAF">
No. 18 Radar Station RAAF

No. 18 Radar Station RAAF was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) radar station formed at Richmond, New South Wales, Australia on 1 April 1942.
The radar was a truck mounted AW radar built by New South Wales Government Railways. The radar moved to Saddle Back Mountain, near Kiama, New South Wales and became operational on 20 April 1942.
On the 20 July 1942, eight Women's Auxiliary Australian Air Force (WAAAF) operators arrived and became the first RAAF radar unit to employ WAAAF operators. The radar station at Kiama was built to monitor enemy airborne threats during World War II. The truck mounted AW radar was eventually replaced by a Mk V COL radar unit.
During the night of 19 February 1943, WAAAF operator Jo Lehmann plotted Susumi Ito's plane as it made a reconnaissance of the southern coast of New South Wales. The report at the time was ignored by Fighter Sector HQ.
No. 18 Radar Station RAAF was disbanded on 4 March 1946.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18340361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340361" title="Patreksfjörður">
Patreksfjörður

Patreksfjörður ("Patrick's fjord") is an Icelandic village in the Westfjords with 651 inhabitants (2013 census).
The town was named after Saint Patrick who was the spiritual guide of Örlygur Hrappson, the original settler in the area. Its economy is mainly based on the fisheries.
Amenities include a swimming pool, bank, campsite, four guesthouses, a hotel, two restaurants, two cafes and a petrol station.
In town is a hospital, police station and the town hall for the Minicipality of Vesturbyggd.
Transport.
The village and neighbouring area is served by Patreksfjörður Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="18340386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340386" title="Mount Goshiki">
Mount Goshiki


</doc>
<doc id="18340392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340392" title="Jean-Joseph Foucou">
Jean-Joseph Foucou

Jean-Joseph Foucou (1739 – 16 February 1821) was a French sculptor.
Foucou was born at Riez, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence. A student at the École de peinture et de sculpture of Marseille, he went to Paris, where he entered the workshop of Jean-Jacques Caffieri. In 1769 he won the Prix de Rome in sculpture, and entered the École royale des élèves protégés in preparation for his residence in Rome, 1771-75. On his return to Paris he was accepted ("agrée") in 1777 at the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture, where he was made a full member in 1785, with a marble of a "River" for his "morceau de reception". He was a regular contributor to the Paris Salons from 1779 to 1812.
He collaborated with Pierre Julien in the marble sculpture for the dairy for Marie Antoinette at Château de Rambouillet, and worked among other sculptors on grrand Parisian projects, such as the Panthéon. 
He was one of the numerous sculptors called upon to provide bronze bas-relief panels for the Place Vendôme Column celebrating Napoleon's victory at Austerlitz.
Foucou worked in collaboration with sculptors Joseph Espercieux, Pierre Petitot and Pierre Cartellier. He died in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18340399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340399" title="Bartholomew Dowling">
Bartholomew Dowling

Bartholomew Dowling (1823 – November 20, 1863) was an Irish author.
Biography.
Dowling was born in Listowel, County Kerry. While he was still a child, his parents emigrated to Canada, where they remained for some years, and where Dowling received a part of his education. Returning to Ireland, after the death of the father, the family settled in Limerick, and older biographies misidentify Limerick as the city of Dowling's birth.
Burdened with the task of caring for his mother and younger brothers and sisters, Dowling did not follow literature as a profession. He published short pieces, mostly anonymously, while working in the mercantile trades for support. He traveled to California in the summer of 1852 and engaged in mining in the northern counties. Not finding this work congenial, he took to farming in Contra Costa, where he built himself a home and entertained John Mitchel, General James Shields, and Terence MacManus, as visitors.
In a lengthy poem entitled "Reminiscences of the Mines", published in the "Pioneer" magazine for November, 1855, Dowling wrote of life in the mining camp. Sometimes he wrote under the pen-name of "Southern"; at other times over the initial letter of his surname; but his favorite signature was "Masque". In Edward Hayes's "Ballad Poetry of Ireland", two of Dowling's works are printed anonymously, and only one bears his name.
In March 1858, P. J. Thomas, an enterprising publisher and one of the founders of the "San Francisco Monitor", induced Dowling to quit the seclusion of Crucita Valley in Contra Costa County and move to San Francisco and work on that newspaper. Dowling became editor of the "San Francisco Monitor", at a time when he was in poor health. However, he continued his writing, which "displayed a vigor and versatility that gave evidence of what he was capable of accomplishing under more favorable circumstances".
Dowling's death on November 20, 1863 resulted from his being thrown from a buggy and having his leg broken. His health previous to this shock had been declining, and he died in St. Mary's Hospital of San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="18340419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340419" title="Henry Conway Belfield">
Henry Conway Belfield

Sir Henry Conway Belfield KCMG JP (29 November 1855 – 8 January 1923) was an English civil servant. Belfield attended the Rugby School in Warwickshire and the University of Oxford. He was a qualified barrister in 1880 and practiced law in England until 1884. Sir Henry joined Malayan Civil Service from 1884 until 1912. He had a son, Stafford St George Conway Belfield and a daughter, Violet Enid Jane Belfield, who married Major Hamilton Frederick Ward, son of Lieutenant Robert Frederick Ward. He served British Malaya for almost 28 years, including became the British Resident for three Malay states; the British Resident of Negeri Sembilan (1901–1902), British Resident of Selangor (1902–1910), and British Resident of Perak (1910–1912). Sir Henry posted as the Governor of Kenya from 4 October 1912 – 14 April 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="18340430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340430" title="Panchjana">
Panchjana

Panchjana is a navigator; captain of the ship in which Lord Krishna sailed to rescue the son of his Guru Sandipani. After a diplomatic victory over of panchjana, krishna could succeed in his task after a great voyage in the same ship. Krishna learnt Navigation during his diplomatic handling of Panchjana. During this period he was gifted by Panchajana his great Conch used in navigation. The same was named by Krishna as Panchjanya, which was with the Lord during the entire course of Mahabharata and throughout the Krishna avatara.

</doc>
<doc id="18340440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340440" title="Malaya Lewandowski">
Malaya Lewandowski

Malaya Lewandowski (born Malaya Lewandowski on April 13, 1988) is a singer, actress, VJ and former beauty queen, of dual American and Filipino citizenship. She was also a member of Star Magic's defunct girl group Koolchx. 
She previously hosted OMG and Music Bang in MYX North America.
Biography.
Early life
Born on April 13, 1988 in San Francisco, California to a Filipina mom and a German-Polish dad. Her name Malaya is from the Tagalog word ""malaya"", meaning ""free"". Her mother was born on the 4th of July, the U.S. Independence Day. She grew up in Fairfield, California.
She won a number of beauty contests in the United States, the last three being Ms. California Teen USA, Ms. Teen Filipina and Ms. Fiesta Filipina. She was discovered when she won as Miss Teen Filipina. A good singer, she was brought over to Manila to try her luck in Philippine showbiz.
Career
Malaya is currently under contract with ABS-CBN's Star Magic. She regularly guested in ASAP and became part of TV specials of ABS-CBN. She has also appeared in "Wowowee" and "Let's Go". Her first regular stint was in "Bora: Sons of the Beach".
She was part of the defunct all-girl group of Star Magic artists called Koolchx. She along with the rest of the Koolchx appeared on the cover of "Maxim Philippines" March 2008 issue. Her biggest break so far was being tapped to be a North America Myx VJ. She hosted two segments in Myx North America namely OMG and Music Bang.
Not Gabby Concepcion's Daughter
Between April and May 2008, Buzzstation scoops about a love child of comebacking matinee idol, Gabby Concepcion.
According to the clues given by the entertainment website: She is of Filipina-Polish descent. Her half-sister has just joined showbiz. And a member of the Koolchx.
All clues given by Buzzstation seem to point to Malaya. However, Lewandowski denied the reports, saying that she knew the actor since Gabby Concepcion is a family friend. She also refused to talk about the controversies since she doesn't want the people to think that she's just using Concepcion to become popular.
Split up with Rafael Rosell
In 2009, news came out that Lewandowski and Rafael Rosell, who she dated for three years have split. In the press conference of the film Status: Single, those in attendance were surprised to see when Rosell broke down in tears. Rosell confirmed his split up with Lewandowski. In an April 2009 episode of The Buzz, Rosell gave details on the split up in an interview with Kris Aquino.
In January 2009, Lewandowski admitted to Rosell that he told the guy—a gym instructor at the gym where the couple goes—that she likes him. According to Rosell, Malaya did not come clear about the reason of the breakup, but he deduced that she chose the other guy over him. 
Still in the interview, Rosell revealed that he learned from friends that, in February Lewandowski and the unnamed guy started hanging out. He also revealed that he received an e-mail from Lewandowski, who was 21 at that time, that she's marrying the guy. She got married, but separated after a few years.

</doc>
<doc id="18340442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340442" title="Ichiriki Chaya">
Ichiriki Chaya

History.
Ichiriki Chaya is over 300 years old, and has been a major centerpiece of Gion since the beginning of the entertainment district. Like other ochaya in Gion, Ichiriki was a place where men of status and power went to be entertained by Geisha, who distracted guests through dancing, banter, and flirtation. Ichiriki has traditionally entertained those of political and business power.
The house is run by the family, and the nameplate on the entrance gate reads , the name of the ninth generation head.
Name.
The noren curtain at the entrance features the characters and printed in black on a dark red ground, stacked vertically and touching, so they resemble the character . It is said that the establishment was originally called , but in the play (a telling of the story of the forty-seven ronin, based on events at the house – see below) the name was changed by splitting the character into 一 and 力, disguising the name (names were disguised in the play to avoid censorship). Due to the play being a major success, this was then adopted by the house itself, yielding the present name.
The Forty-seven Ronin.
The Ichiriki plays a part in the events of the Akō vendetta, an historical event described by some scholars as a Japanese “national legend”. Near the start of the eighteenth century, a group of samurai find themselves left masterless, ronin, after their daimyo is forced to commit the ritual suicide of seppuku for the crime of drawing a sword and injuring a man in the Imperial Palace. 
Kira Yoshinaka, who incited the attack with a series of verbal abuses, was left unpunished. The ronin samurai, moved to obey the bushido samurai code of honor, plot to assassinate Yoshinaka for over two years.
The ronin, led by Oishi Kuranosuke, realize they will be monitored in case they enact an attempt at revenge. Thus, in an effort to dissuade the suspecting parties and Imperial spies, they send Kuranosuke to Kyoto. Kuranosuke spends many nights in Ichiriki Chaya, earning a reputation as a gambler and a drunkard. As he gives the appearance of becoming more and more relaxed and unprepared, Kira becomes less active in his suspicions and relaxes his security. Because the Ichiriki provided the cover to mount an attack, the ronin eventually killed Yoshinaka and were forced to commit seppuku themselves.
This story has been retold numerous times, a genre known as "Chūshingura," which has served to increase the fame of Ichiriki Chaya.
The Fall of the Shogun.
As modernization spread through Japan during the final years of the Edo Period, unrest spread with it; the age of the shogun was coming to an end.
A series of killings of foreigners had led to tension with the western powers, and this international pressure led many to question the legitimacy of the shogun’s rule
Much of the plotting to overthrow the Shogun took place in secretive talks within Ichiriki Chaya, disguised as innocent evenings with friends.
The plans came to fruition in 1868 when the last shogun agreed to dissolve the shogunate at Nijo Castle .
Access.
Access to the Ichiriki is the height of exclusivity; fierce ties to the ochaya must first be established before one can become a patron. Relationships to the ochaya can often be traced back generations, and only these wealthy honored patrons and their guests, with reservations, are allowed in.
For a brief period of only a few nights in 2006, Ichiriki Chaya, along with other ochaya (one from each of the five Kyoto geisha districts), offered general access to a small number of tourists who were unaccompanied by patrons, as part of a tourism promotion program, at the request of the Kyoto City Tourist Association.
Services.
Services are as usual at ochaya – maiko and geiko are hired from a geisha house ("okiya") to provide entertainment, consisting of conversation, flirtation, pouring drinks, traditional games, singing, musical instruments, and dancing. The Ichiriki does not prepare food, but customers can order catering a la carte, which is delivered to the house. Guests can also be shown around the house, and see various decorations, such as a miniature display of the forty-seven ronin, from circa 1850.
Architecture.
Ichiriki Chaya is structured in the style of its original traditional Japanese architecture. The structure of the building is mostly wood, and is designed to protect the privacy of its patrons. In fact, the interior gardens are not even visible from outside the complex. Besides sight, the building protects the conversation within with angled screens to prevent eavesdropping at walls.
Cultural References to the Ichiriki.
The Ichiriki is a major setting in Arthur Golden’s fictional portrayal of a Gion Geisha’s life "Memoirs of a Geisha," though he appears to have not visited the ochaya, the proprietors having no records or memory of him.
Ichiriki Chaya is a major setting in the kabuki play "Kanadehon Chushingura", depicting the story of the 47 ronin.
The play "Ichiriki Teahouse" centers around the plots against the shogun in the Ichiriki.

</doc>
<doc id="18340456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340456" title="Al husayn">
Al husayn

Al Husayn or Al husayn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18340475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340475" title="Madampi">
Madampi

Madampi (; translation: "Feudal Lord") is a 2008 Malayalam movie starring Mohanlal, KPAC Lalitha and Kavya Madhavan. It was written and directed by B. Unnikrishnan.
Plot.
Gopalakrishna Pillai (Mohanlal) is a money-lender in a village called Elavattom in Pathanamthitta district. People misunderstand him to be money-minded, without having any emotional bond even towards his mother or younger brother Ramakrishna Pillai (Ajmal Ameer).
As the story moves along, we learn more about the hero. He is considered heartless, as he threw out his father (Sai Kumar) when he was a teenager, for his father's wayward lifestyle. His mother (KPAC Lalitha) hates him for doing that and his brother hates him because he does not let his brother pursue his dream of being an actor and never gives him any freedom.
His main antagonists are Siddique and his younger brothers. Kavya Madhavan assumes the role of Jayalakshmi, a bank manager who is seen as a threat to Gopalakrishna's money lending business.
It turns out that Ramakrishna Pillai is in love with a girl (Mallika Kapoor) from Gopalakrishna Pillai's rival family. Though Gopalakrishnan Pillai arranges the marriage forgetting the rivalry, after marriage he asks his brother to repay him the expenses he incurred for the marriage and prompts the newlyweds to sleep separately. With this he becomes the most hated person of his brother and mother. Frustrated, Ramakrishna Pillai leaves the house and joins his in-laws against Gopalakrishna Pillai by saying that his money-lending business is illegal. Still that doesn't work.
Ramakrishna Pillai accuses his brother of processioning the family wealth alone and he gives false information to the Income Tax Department files a suite against him in court. In the climax it is revealed by Gopalakrishna Pillai's advocate (Jagathy Sreekumar) that Gopalakrishna Pillai has kept his hard-earned wealth in the name of his younger brother and he was always hard on him just to make him responsible. It also is revealed that his father was not thrown out, but committed suicide in a distant place due to his debts. The story ends happily as the brothers reunite and everyone apologises to Gopalakrishna Pillai.
Box office.
The film was one of the biggest hits in 2008. The film was made on a budget of 3.5 crores. The film got 1 crore 90 lakhs as distribution share, 1 crore 8 lakhs as satellite and video rights, 9 lakhs as audio rights and 25 lakhs as overseas right. It got a gross collection of 7.5 crores within 30 days. The film collected 100 million in total and declared as super hit. The movie ran more than 100 days in major centres.
Soundtrack.
The film has four songs composed by M. Jayachandran. The lyrics are by Gireesh Puthenchery and Anil Panachooran ("Jeevitham Oru). The songs "Amma Mazhakarinu" and "Kalyanakacheri" were chartbusters.
Awards.
Kerala State Film Awards
Filmfare Awards
Other

</doc>
<doc id="18340485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340485" title="Bắc Ninh Campaign">
Bắc Ninh Campaign

The Bắc Ninh Campaign (6–24 March 1884) was one of a series of clashes between French and Chinese forces in northern Vietnam during the Tonkin campaign (1883–86). The campaign, fought during the period of undeclared hostilities that preceded the Sino-French War (August 1884 – April 1885), resulted in the French capture of Bắc Ninh and the complete defeat of China's Guangxi Army.
Background.
In March 1884, following their victory at Sơn Tây in December 1883, the French renewed their offensive in Tonkin under the command of General Charles-Théodore Millot, who took over responsibility for the land campaign from Admiral Amédée Courbet in February 1884. Reinforcements from France and the African colonies had now raised the strength of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps to over 10,000 men, and Millot organised this force into two brigades. The 1st Brigade was commanded by General Louis Brière de l'Isle, who had earlier made his reputation as governor of Senegal, and the 2nd Brigade was commanded by the charismatic young Foreign Legion general François de Négrier, who had recently quelled a serious Arab rebellion in Algeria.
The French target was Bắc Ninh, garrisoned by a strong force of regular Chinese troops of the Guangxi Army. The commander-in-chief of the Chinese forces at Bắc Ninh
was Xu Yanxu (徐延旭), governor of Guangxi. Elderly and in poor health, Xu remained at Lạng Sơn and delegated the operational command of the Chinese army to his subordinates, Huang Guilan (黃桂蘭) and Zhaowo (趙沃). Huang and Zhao, veterans of the Anhui and Hunan armies respectively, were disinclined to cooperate. The Chinese had about 20,000 troops around Bắc Ninh. Half of the Chinese army was deployed astride the Mandarin Road southwest of Bắc Ninh. The other half was deployed east of Bắc Ninh on the Trung Sơn and Đáp Cầu heights, protecting the southern approaches to Bắc Ninh and covering the vital river crossings to Thái Nguyên and Lạng Sơn at Phú Cẩm and Đáp Cầu.
French order of battle.
The French expeditionary column that marched on Bắc Ninh was the largest French military concentration of the Tonkin campaign. After making troop deductions for garrison duty, Millot was able to give each of his brigade commanders two marching regiments ("régiments de marche"), each containing the equivalent of three infantry battalions. Professional protocol prevented him from mixing the battalions of the marine infantry, the "armée d’Afrique" and the metropolitan army ("armée de terre"), and he was obliged to create one regiment of marine infantry, two 'Algerian' regiments of troops from the "armée d’Afrique", and one French regiment. One of the 'Algerian' regiments contained the three Turco battalions then in Tonkin, the other the white formations of the Foreign Legion and African Light Infantry. These four marching regiments were commanded respectively by Lieutenant-Colonels Bertaux-Levillain, Belin, Duchesne and Defoy. Each brigade also contained a battalion of armed sailors ("fusiliers-marins"), commanded respectively by "capitaines de frégate" Laguerre and de Beaumont. 
The campaign.
The campaign was a walkover for the French. Morale in the Chinese army was low, and Liu Yongfu was careful to keep his experienced Black Flags out of danger. The French assaulted Bắc Ninh on 12 March from the southeast, with complete success. In the first week of March, Millot concentrated Brière de l'Isle's 1st Brigade at Hanoi and de Négrier's 2nd Brigade at Hải Dương. The two brigades would both make independent approach marches to Bắc Ninh, and would meet up only on the battlefield. Millot was hoping not only to capture Bắc Ninh but also to annihilate the Guangxi Army. His plan was to bypass the Chinese defences along the Mandarin Road and assault the Chinese left wing southeast of Bắc Ninh. A crucial element in this plan was the seizure of the river crossings to the north of Bắc Ninh at Đáp Cầu and Phú Cẩm by a flotilla of gunboats under the command of "capitaine de vaisseau" de Beaumont, to cut the Guangxi Army's line of retreat to Lạng Sơn and Thái Nguyên.
On 6 March, the 1st Brigade assembled north of Hanoi on the western bank of the Red River, and, on the next day (7 March), its 5,000 combatants and 4,500 Vietnamese porters were ferried across the Red River. Marching along the southern bank of the 80-metre-wide Canal des Rapides, where the Chinese could not attack it, the brigade outflanked the Chinese defences along the Mandarin Road. On 9 March it reached the village of Xam. On the same day it was joined by the gunboats "Éclair" and "Trombe", which had sailed up from Hải Dương with the materials needed to construct a bridge of boats across the canal. On 10 March the brigade bridged the Canal des Rapides and on 11 March crossed to its northern bank, bivouacking 20 kilometres to the southeast of Bắc Ninh in the village of Chi.
While the 1st Brigade was outflanking the Chinese defences to the southwest of Bắc Ninh, de Négrier's 2nd Brigade advanced from Hải Dương to Sept Pagodes, at the junction of the Thái Bình and Sông Cầu rivers. On 8 March the brigade advanced along the southern bank of the Sông Cầu, attacking the Chinese advanced positions at Ne Ou and Do Son. Part of the brigade pinned the Chinese frontally, while a strong force was put ashore by the gunboats behind the Chinese positions at Phủ Lạng. Seeing their line of retreat threatened, the Chinese abandoned the Ne Ou and Do Son forts and fell back to Bắc Ninh. The 2nd Brigade occupied the Chinese forts and extended its line to the southwest to join hands with the 1st Brigade at Chi.
The battle for Bắc Ninh.
The united French column attacked the Guangxi Army's positions to the southeast of Bắc Ninh on 12 March. On the left, Godon's Turcos and Coronnat's marine infantry of Brière de l'Isle's 1st Brigade drove the Chinese from the Trung Sơn heights. On the right, the legionnaires and line infantry of de Négrier's 2nd Brigade captured the Chinese positions around the Christian village of Keroi, also known as Xuan Hoa. The Chinese at Trung Sơn made little attempt to stand up to the French, abandoning their positions before Brière de l'Isle's troops could reach them. The Chinese facing the 2nd Brigade put up a stiffer fight, forcing the French to storm Keroi with the bayonet. De Négrier attacked Keroi with the 143rd Line Battalion and the 2nd Legion Battalion. The French troops had been ordered not to fire until they approached within 250 metres of the enemy positions, and the two attacking battalions waded through the waist-high water of the paddy fields in front of the village under Chinese fire until they reached the prescribed distance. They then delivered several disciplined volleys which beat down the enemy fire. Colonel Jacques Duchesne, the future conqueror of Madagascar, then led them in a charge against the Chinese positions. The French broke into the village after a short hand-to-hand struggle, and the Chinese fell back in disorder. 
While de Négrier's infantry were engaged around Keroi, de Beaumont's gunboats forced the Lạng Bưởi barrage on the Sông Cầu River and sailed upriver towards Đáp Cầu and Phú Cẩm. Just before 16:00 the infantry of the 2nd Brigade and the "fusiliers-marins" of the flotilla arrived almost simultaneously at Đáp Cầu, just east of Bắc Ninh. De Négrier ordered the 2nd Legion Battalion and the 23rd Line Battalion to storm an important Chinese fort on the Đáp Cầu heights, but de Beaumont's "fusiliers-marins" arrived first and captured the fort. The appearance of the French on the Đáp Cầu heights demoralised the Guangxi Army's left wing. Its line of retreat to Lạng Sơn was threatened, its positions at Keroi, Lạng Bưởi, and Đáp Cầu had been taken with ease, and it was under accurate artillery fire. The only concern now for most of the Chinese troops facing the 2nd Brigade was to escape along the road to Lạng Sơn before the French cut it off. Chinese resistance on this part of the battlefield collapsed completely. Meanwhile, the disorderly retreat of the Guangxi Army's left wing placed the army's right wing to the south of Bắc Ninh, already demoralised by the drubbing it had received from Brière de l'Isle, in extreme jeopardy. The generals commanding the right wing saw the Chinese front break on their left and realised that they would be surrounded if they stayed any longer in their present positions. They immediately decamped and headed for Bắc Ninh and the road north to safety. At 17:00 a remarkable sight greeted the French troops on the Đáp Cầu heights. The Chinese flag was still flying from an octagonal tower inside the citadel of Bắc Ninh, but between the city and the Đáp Cầu and Trung Sơn heights, the Bắc Ninh plain was filled with fleeing Chinese milling in panic towards Bắc Ninh, desperate to escape before their line of retreat was cut off completely.
De Négrier's troops took Bắc Ninh in the early evening, capturing large quantities of ammunition and a number of brand new Krupp cannon that hadn't fired a shot during the battle. Without waiting for Millot to come up from Trung Sơn with Brière de l'Isle's 1st Brigade, de Négrier entered Bắc Ninh and secured the town. However, Millot's hopes for a complete encirclement of the Chinese army were not realised. A Chinese rearguard at Đáp Cầu fought de Négrier's infantry just long enough to allow the bulk of the Chinese army to stream northwards through Bắc Ninh and escape to the northern bank of the Sông Cầu river. Meanwhile, although de Beaumont's flotilla had forced the Làng Bưởi barrage and ascended the Sông Cầu as far as Đáp Cầu, other Chinese barrages slowed its progress upriver to Phú Cẩm. As a result, the French were unable to cut the routes to Thái Nguyên and Lạng Sơn and prevent the escape of the Chinese army.
The pursuit.
Nevertheless, Millot had won a remarkable victory, and the Tonkin expeditionary corps pursued the Chinese vigorously. Brière de l'Isle advanced as far as Thái Nguyên, where he defeated a mixed force of Chinese, Vietnamese and Black Flags on 19 March. On 15 March de Négrier defeated Huang Guilan's rearguard at Phủ Lạng Thương and chased his wing of the Guangxi Army up to Kep. In accordance with Millot's orders, both brigade commanders returned to Bắc Ninh shortly afterwards, de Négrier on 20 March and Brière de l'Isle on 24 March.
As far as the soldiers of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps were concerned, de Négrier was the hero of the Bắc Ninh campaign. They were amused that he had entered Bắc Ninh on the evening of 12 March without waiting for General Millot's permission to do so. After the Bắc Ninh campaign the soldiers devised sardonic Vietnamese nicknames for Millot and his two brigade commanders. De Négrier, admired for his driving energy, became "Maolen" ("Quick!"). Brière de l'Isle, whose troops had been beaten to the punch at Bắc Ninh by de Négrier, was "Mann Mann" ("Slow!"). Millot, who had halted de Négrier's pursuit of the beaten Chinese army at Kep and, in the eyes of the soldiers, prevented him from going all the way to Lạng Sơn, became "Toi Toi" ('Stop!').
Casualties.
French casualties in the Bắc Ninh campaign were 9 dead and 39 wounded. Chinese casualties may have amounted to around 100 dead and 400 wounded.
Significance.
The defeat of the Guangxi Army at Bắc Ninh was a considerable embarrassment to the Empress Dowager Cixi and a severe shock to the war party in China. Three months earlier, at Sơn Tây, Liu Yongfu's Black Flag Army had fought bitterly and inflicted heavy casualties on the French. At Bắc Ninh, most of the Chinese troops had fled. The empress dowager, furious at the miserable performance of her generals, punished several senior Chinese officials. Xu Yanxu and Tang Qiong (唐炯), the governors of Guangxi and Yunnan, were dismissed from their posts, Xu for losing the battle at Bắc Ninh, and Tang for not coming to his aid with the Yunnan Army, then occupying Hung Hoa. The field commanders Huang Guilan and Zhao Wo were also disgraced. Huang, anticipating his disgrace, committed suicide at Lạng Sơn on 14 March. Two more junior commanders, Chen Degui (陳得貴) and Dang Minxuan (黨敏宣), were beheaded in front of their troops at Lạng Sơn on 26 May.
The defeat at Bắc Ninh, coming close on the heels of the fall of Sơn Tây, strengthened the hand of the moderate element in the Chinese government and temporarily discredited the extremist 'Purist' party led by Zhang Zhidong, which was agitating for a full-scale war against France. Further French successes in the spring of 1884, including the capture of Hung Hoa and Thái Nguyên, convinced the empress dowager that China should come to terms, and an accord was reached between France and China in May. The negotiations took place in Tientsin. Li Hongzhang, the leader of the Chinese moderates, represented China; and Captain François-Ernest Fournier, commander of the French warship "Volta", represented France. The Tientsin Accord, concluded on 11 May 1884, provided for a Chinese troop withdrawal from Tonkin in return for a comprehensive treaty that would settle details of trade and commerce between France and China and provide for the demarcation of its disputed border with Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="18340507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340507" title="Malcolm Poskett">
Malcolm Poskett

Malcolm Poskett (born 19 July 1953 in Middlesbrough, England) is an English footballer who played as a forward.
After being on the books of Middlesbrough, Poskett moved to non-League side Whitby Town before joining Hartlepool United in 1976 before moving on to Brighton & Hove Albion and then Watford, maintaining a good scoring rate throughout.
Poskett joined Carlisle United in 1982 and it is here that he achieved most renown in the Second Division under manager Bob Stokoe. During the 1983-84 season Carlisle emerged as promotion contenders but failure to win their final 10 games saw them finish 7th. He joined Darlington in 1985 before moving on to Stockport County, but returned to Carlisle in 1986 where he played another two years. Although his scoring form continued in his second spell, the team suffered relegation to the Fourth Division and he left the club in 1988. He then played for Morecambe.

</doc>
<doc id="18340547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340547" title="Wonderla">
Wonderla

Wonderla is an amusement park located near Bidadi, from Bangalore, spanning of land. It has been promoted by V-Guard Industries Ltd, based in Cochin, Kerala. It is the second theme park project from the group and has been operational since October 2005. It has been set up with a total investment of over Rs. 1.05 billion.
Attractions and facilities.
Wonderla has 53 land and water based rides.
The park features a wide variety of attractions including some rides, water rides, a Musical fountain and laser shows, a Virtual Reality Show. Wonderla has a full fledged Didance floor with a twist: electronically controlled rain showers. Wonderla also has attractions specially designed for children, and these are gentle yet unusual like a kiddies free fall ride. It uses solar heated water for all its pools during winter.
Wonderla features conference facilities for up to a 1000 persons, and features five restaurants with a total seating capacity of 1150. It has locker rooms with over 2350 lockers and restrooms and showers. The park also features a first aid facility and a paging system.
Safety and hygiene systems.
Wonderla is one of the only 2 amusement parks in India to implement OHSAS 18001:2007 safety standards. All attractions and components are maintained according to strict tolerances for performance. Wonderla has 5 water treatment plants to recycle process and filter all types of water. The park has a water quality control laboratory to monitor quality levels of water used for different purposes.
Controversies and incidents.
On 27 Feb 2012, a 12-year-old girl died due to drowning in a play pool at WonderLa, Bangalore. The girl was visiting the amusement park as a part of a school picnic. However, the girl is suspected to have had a prior illness, and that may have been the cause of death.
Environment friendliness.
The company has planted more than 2000 trees in order to develop natural shade in the park. The park also has an extensive rainwater harvesting system that collects even roof rain water for drinking purposes. The rain water is collected in various tanks depending on the quality and intended usage, and has a combined capacity to collect over 20 million litres. Wonderla also uses solar energy extensively to heat water in pools and kitchens.
R&D.
Wonderla has two R&D and assembling units located in Bangalore and Cochin. Among the various rides manufactured by in-house R&D team, 'Twin Flip Monster' is one of the most popular rides.
R&D units have over 200 technicians who design and manufacture rides for in-house purpose and for the clients. Wonderla is also concentrating on the developing export markets in Asia and Africa. Wonderla is the manufacturers of India’s largest ferris wheel- The Sky Wheel.
Wonderla Kochi.
Wonderla Holidays also owns and operates the popular Veegaland amusement park in Kochi which was re-branded as Wonderla Kochi from April 2011. This park is situated on the top of a hill at Pallikkara, 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) from the city of Kochi. The park was set up in 2000 and was designed by architect Joseph John.
New Projects.
Wonderla is in the process of setting up resorts in Bangalore and Kochi parks and is also planning to set up new greenfield amusement park projects in Chennai and Hyderabad.
References.
Negligence kills girl in WonderLa's wave pool in Bangalore - Bangalore - DNA

</doc>
<doc id="18340548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340548" title="South Dakota Circuit">
South Dakota Circuit

South Dakota Circuit is a permanent motor racing track in Timehri, behind the Cheddi Jagan International Airport, Guyana. It is operated by the Guyana Motor Racing & Sports Club. The circuit hosts national circuit racing including the GMR&SC Skyline Mortgage Caribbean Race of Champions and various drag racing events. On May 9, 2008, the Stabroek News published a letter from a reader that suggested that the circuit lacks adequate washroom facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="18340621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340621" title="BattleForge">
BattleForge

BattleForge is a video game developed by EA Phenomic and published by Electronic Arts. It was released on Windows in March 2009. A demo was released in the same month. "BattleForge" is an online card-based real-time strategy (RTS) game. The game's servers were shut down on the 31st of October 2013 at midnight (UTC)
On its initial release, the game revolved around trading, buying and winning through means of micro-transactions, though micro-transactions were not required for playing the game, only for buying new cards. On May 26, 2009, "BattleForge" became a Play 4 Free branded game with fewer cards initially available (32 cards and no points). The retail version comes with all of the starter decks (One for each element, 64 cards) and 3,000 "BattleForge" points. On September 4, 2013, EA announced the closing of the game in an email to registered players, effective October 31, 2013.
The game's virtual currency is now distributed to each player on a 2 point per day basis, but only if the player has played at least 15 minutes that day. Through this, all micro-transactions are available to all players, but doing them without purchasing the retail version of the game or any virtual currency is possible, only slow.
Features.
There are a total of 383 cards available, almost equally divided between the powers of fire, frost, nature, and shadow. With a recent update, there are now combinations of shadow/fire, frost/nature, frost/shadow and fire/nature, as well as legendary cards. Players can buy and sell cards at an in-game auction house, using BattleForge Points (BF Points), an in-game currency. Players can also invite each other to conduct a direct trade.
There is a PvE mode (player versus environment) and a PvP mode (player versus player). In the PvE mode, players can complete missions. Some of these missions can only be played by 1 player, while others can be played with 2, 4 or 12 players. There are three modes available in missions: standard, advanced and expert. In order to unlock advanced and expert modes, players will have to complete the series of missions on standard mode first. The rewards for the missions are gold, card upgrades and PvE experience points. These experience points will increase a player's PvE level.
For PvP, players can choose between ranked and unranked PvP. Unranked PvP will not give any rewards, but can be useful for testing cards and strategies or for a simple, friendly match. Ranked pvp will give players gold, Elo points and tokens as reward. Gold and tokens can be traded for card upgrades, while ELO points will increase a player's PvP level.
BattleForge supports DirectX 11's hardware tessellation feature on PC systems with DirectX 11 installed, which is subject to operating system and graphics card compatibility.
Card editions.
The Twilight edition is the first edition of "BattleForge" cards. Twilight edition of cards contains a total of two-hundred (200) unique cards, including fifty cards for each elemental faction: Fire, Frost, Nature, and Shadow. Each of these powers has its own special abilities, strengths and weaknesses. Each power is represented by an orb color in the game. The Twilight Edition consist 200 cards in total, i.e. 50 units, buildings and spells for each of these powers.
The Renegade Edition is the second edition of "BattleForge" cards. It expands the "BattleForge" card set with legendary units and monumental buildings from the Southern Wastes region of Nyn. 60 new units and buildings will be added to the "BattleForge" card pool.
The Lost Souls Edition was released on February 9, 2010 with a total of 60 brand new and unique units.
The Amii Edition was released in small proportions in each patch. About 4 cards got released in almost each patch. When the Amii Edition was fully released on April 26, 2012 the last 2 cards where added, bringing a total of 32 new cards to the game. The Amii Edition is the smallest edition to date but took the longest time to be released, using Sneak Preview Decks for 2 years prior to the actual release.
Tomes.
In June 2011, Tomes were changed to a rental item and the cost was lowered to 300 BattleForge points. All tome cards are charged and upgraded to level 2. Tomes rentals last 2 weeks, after which the contents of the tome leave your account. Every player receives a new tome every 2 weeks

</doc>
<doc id="18340630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340630" title="Steve Hayward">
Steve Hayward

Stephen Hayward (born 8 September 1971 in Pelsall England) is an English footballer who played as a central midfielder
Hayward began his career with Derby County and made his League debut in 1990, but found first-team opportunities limited. He joined Carlisle United in 1994 and won two promotions from Division Three during his time at the club before moving to Fulham in 1997. He played a role in Fulham's promotion and run to the 5th round of the FA Cup in 1999 before moving on to Barnsley. Injuries hampered his stay at Barnsley and he retired in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18340646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340646" title="Tsamantas">
Tsamantas

Tsamantas is a village located in Epirus. Tsamantas lies near to the border with Albania in northern Greece, in the regional unit of Thesprotia. Indeed, the Albanian border is very clearly visible from the high lofts that are Tsamantas, the highest mountain in the region.
You can also see Kerkyra/ Corfu on a clear day in the distance to your left, as you stand facing the Albanian border.
An incredibly beautiful and scenic location, with some of the purest mountain water found anywhere in the Hellenic Republic, all of the inhabitants now live in Worcester Massachusetts, or in Melbourne Australia, with a few others in Athens, Thessaloniki and other locales. 
However, whilst expatriates do visit throughout the year, every August 15, being the Saint or Feast Day of Mary, the Mother of Jesus, the place comes alive. People from around the globe with a personal link to Tsamantas return to celebrate, to mingle and to reclaim their roots.
Names associated with this village include Kenos, Sdrinis, Lagos and Malamis amongst many many others.

</doc>
<doc id="18340675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340675" title="Station Musée d'Aquitaine (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Musée d'Aquitaine (Tram de Bordeaux)

Musée d'Aquitaine station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location.
The station is located by course Louis Pasteur in Bordeaux.
Junctions.
Junctions with the following lines "Cours Victor Hugo"

</doc>
<doc id="18340726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340726" title="Egide Nzojibwami">
Egide Nzojibwami

Egide Nzojibwami is a geologist and academic who was the first Burundian national to become a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
Nzojibwami was educated at the University of Liège in Liège, Belgium, and he and his wife were baptised into the LDS Church there in 1984. He returned to Burundi and eventually became dean of the Geological Engineering at the University of Burundi. Nzojibwami holds a Ph.D. in geology and a M.Sc. in civil engineering.
On 27 November 1992, Nzojibwami was set apart as the first branch president of the LDS Church in Burundi. In late 1993, at the beginning of the Burundi Civil War, Nzojibwami left Burundi and emigrated to Canada.
Settling in Calgary, Alberta, Nzojibwami established Valiant Environmental Solutions Ltd., an environmental assessment corporation that works primarily in the oil and gas industry in North America and Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18340730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340730" title="Station Victoire (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Victoire (Tram de Bordeaux)

Victoire station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Situation.
The station is located at the Place de la Victoire in Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18340794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340794" title="Willie Carlin">
Willie Carlin

William "Willie" Carlin (born 6 October 1940 in Liverpool) is a former English footballer who played as a central midfielder.
Carlin began at Liverpool but moved to Halifax Town where he made his name as a midfield schemer before joining Carlisle United in 1964. He helped Carlisle win promotion to the Second Division before joining Sheffield United in 1967 and Derby County the following year. After another promotion, Carlin helped Derby establish themselves as a force in the First Division under Brian Clough. After spells playing for Leicester City and Notts County, he moved to Cardiff City in November 1973, being brought in by his former Leicester boss Frank O'Farrell. He made his debut during a 1-0 victory over Bolton Wanderers and was instrumental in helping the club avoid relegation before deciding to retire at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="18340836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340836" title="Raisa Nedashkovskaya">
Raisa Nedashkovskaya

Raisa Nedashkovskaya (Ukrainian: Раїса Недашківська Rayisa Nedashkivska, Russian: Раиса Недашковская; 17 February 1943, Malyn, Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian and Soviet-era theater and cinema actress.
In 1993 she was awarded People's Artist of Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="18340837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340837" title="Crazy Machines 2">
Crazy Machines 2

Crazy Machines 2 is a puzzle video game developed by Fakt Software for the Microsoft Windows platform. It is available in retail form and on Steam for download.
Gameplay.
The goal in Crazy Machines 2 is to solve a seemingly simple problem (cook a hot dog, pop a balloon) by constructing a Heath Robinson / Rube Goldberg-esque machine. The 3D game relies heavily on in-game physics and utilises NVidia PhysX. For any given puzzle, the player is provided with a collection of items e.g. ramps, springs, steam engines, electrical devices, gears, belts, and a large selection of other mechanical devices for converting and directing raw energy into useful motion. On the completion of each puzzle the player is rewarded by points and a gold, silver, or bronze lug nut. Not only does the created machine have to perform the assigned primary task, but might also complete one or more of the optional secondary tasks thus earning more points.
Reception.
The reception of Crazy Machines 2 was generally favourable. GameZone were impressed by the number of puzzles saying "Now the game has like 200 puzzles to complete, which is an astonishing number" and that the game was "Easy to use, forward thinking and inventive" being "really a delight to play". IGN were less keen, rating the game "Passable" and saying "the core gameplay mechanics are solid" but "Crazy Machines 2 is at times poorly constructed". 
Game Chronicles was very positive scoring the game 93% and saying "Puzzle games just do not get any better than this" and described the game "Crazy Machines 2 is exactly like the game Mouse Trap only on your computer and let loose with such imagination and inventive creation as you could possibly imagine."

</doc>
<doc id="18340850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340850" title="The Big Question">
The Big Question

The Big Question may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18340879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340879" title="Gozo Stadium">
Gozo Stadium

The Gozo Stadium, formerly known as the Silver Jubilee Ground, is the national stadium of the island of Gozo, Malta. The Gozo Stadium stages matches of the highest division in Gozo, part of the Second Division League and the matches of the Gozo F.C. It approximately holds 4,000 people. It is divided into two sides: the Xewkija side and the Xagħra side. The Xewkija Side is the enclosure area and in the middle, where one can find the VIP area. The Gozo Stadium, to date is the only stadium with natural grass pitch found on the Maltese island of Gozo.
Despite its limited budget, recently a lot of work is being done in order to improve the facilities at the stadium. The main mission of the new board of the GFA is to improve the facilities of the Gozo Stadium in order to reach UEFA and FIFA standards so in the future the stadium could host international matches of the Maltese National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="18340897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340897" title="Women's Antifascist Front of Macedonia">
Women's Antifascist Front of Macedonia

The Women's Antifascist Front of Macedonia (, transliterated "Antifašistički Front na Ženite na Makedonija" (literally "Antifascist Front for the Women of Macedonia") abbreviated AFŽ (АФЖ)) was a World War II-era feminist movement in Macedonia and the predecessor to several present-day feminist organisations in the Republic of Macedonia. It was formed by volunteers in 1942, along with other Women's Antifascist Fronts in Yugoslavia and was one of only four to also become an organised resistance movement.
The most prominent figure in the movement was Veselinka Malinska, a decorated National Liberation War of Macedonia veteran and ASNOM participant whose father partook in the Ilinden Uprising of 1903. The movement was closely affiliated to the Greek Civil War organisation, the National Liberation Front which had a substantial amount of female partisans.
The AFŽ's dominant goal was to improve schooling for females and increase their literacy rate, as a majority of illiterates at the time were women. The organisation, much like their allies, the National Liberation Front and the National Liberation Youth Association in Greek Macedonia, were labelled 'bandits' by the Greek government following World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="18340900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340900" title="Bruno Patacas">
Bruno Patacas

Bruno Alexandre dos Santos Patacas (born 30 November 1977) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a right defender.
After unsuccessfully starting his career with Sporting, he went to represent other clubs before settling with Nacional, where he remained for nearly one decade, appearing in almost 300 official games.
Football career.
A Sporting Clube de Portugal youth graduate, Patacas was born in Vila Franca de Xira, Lisbon, and spent his first professional season with feeder club Sporting Clube Lourinhanense, not being very successful upon his return to the "alma mater" (three games during parts of the 1997–98 campaign and four more in the following, while also spending time at Lourinhanense). 
After one more loan stint, with C.D. Santa Clara, Patacas was released, moving on to S.C. Campomaiorense (both these teams were also in the top flight) and then Madeira's C.D. Nacional in 2002–03, being an undisputed starter and often the only Portuguese player in the side's starting XI, in a squad filled with Brazilians. He was also eventually awarded club captaincy.
In 2007 a transfer was almost arranged with PFC CSKA Sofia, but Patacas ultimately stayed at Nacional, amassing a further 55 league appearances in the following two seasons combined for the Madeirans and qualifying to the UEFA Europa League in the second.
At the end of the 2010–11 campaign Patacas announced his retirement due to injuries, at the age of 33. He was immediately appointed Nacional's director of football.

</doc>
<doc id="18340918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340918" title="East Midwood Jewish Center">
East Midwood Jewish Center

East Midwood Jewish Center is a Conservative synagogue located at 1625 Ocean Avenue, Midwood, Brooklyn, New York City.
Organized in 1924, the congregation's Renaissance revival building (completed in 1929) typified the large multi-purpose synagogue centers being built at the time, and was from the 1990s until 2010 the only synagogue with a working swimming pool in Brooklyn. The building has been unmodified architecturally since its construction, and in 2006 was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Membership dropped during the Great Depression, and the synagogue suffered financial hardship, but it recovered, and by 1941 had 1,100 member families. In 1950 the congregation built an adjoining school; at its peak its enrollment was almost 1,000. As neighborhood demographics changed in the late 20th century, and Brooklyn's Jewish population became more Orthodox, the East Midwood Jewish Center absorbed three other Conservative Brooklyn congregations.
The East Midwood Jewish Center has had only three rabbis since it was founded. Reuben Kaufman served from 1924 to 1929, Harry Halpern from 1929 to 1977, and Alvin Kass since then. , the rabbi was Kass and the presidents were Michael T. Sucher and Larry Isaacson.
History.
Founding.
East Midwood was organized in 1924 by Jacob R. Schwartz, a dentist who was concerned that his two sons had no nearby Hebrew school which they could attend. From the start his intention had been to create a Conservative synagogue: Conservative Judaism was seen as a compromise between Orthodox and Reform, providing the familiar (and lengthy) Hebrew services of Orthodox Judaism, but, like Reform, adding some English prayers. East Midwood differed from earlier Ashkenazi synagogues in New York, as services were to be conducted in Hebrew and English only (not Hebrew and Yiddish), and the members were to come from immigrants from all over Europe, not just one city or region.
East Midwood held its first annual meeting on November 18, 1924 at the Jewish Communal Center of Flatbush (also known as the Flatbush Jewish Center), and there elected its first president, Pincus Weinberg. Weinberg, who was also chair of the Real Estate Committee, was the father of Sidney Weinberg, who rose from the job of assistant porter to head Goldman Sachs from 1930 to 1969. Prior to moving to Flatbush, Pincus Weinberg had been president of Congregation Baith Israel Anshei Emes.
East Midwood's first rabbi was Reuben Kaufman, and its first cantor was Jacob Schraeter. Kaufman, a Brooklyn native, had celebrated his Bar mitzvah at Baith Israel Anshei Emes.
Building construction.
The Real Estate Committee almost immediately purchased land located on Avenue L between East 26th and 27th Streets. Most members, however, felt a location on Ocean Avenue would be more desirable. Issues arose with developing the land on Avenue L, and in 1925 the Committee purchased the current location at 1625 Ocean Avenue in Midwood, Brooklyn. The cornerstone was laid in 1926, and, although not complete, the building was fully enclosed by the autumn, and High Holiday services were held there that year. The Center's Talmud Torah, which had been created in 1925 and held in a temporary structure, also moved into the new building.
Designed in the Renaissance revival style, the building was finally completed in 1929 at the cost of $1,000,000 (today $). It typified the new "synagogue-centers" being built at that time, combining the functions of both a synagogue and community center, and included "a synagogue, auditorium, kitchens, restaurant, classrooms, gymnasium, and swimming pool". That year Kaufman left the Center to become the rabbi of Temple Emanu-El in Paterson, New Jersey, and Harry Halpern became East Midwood's rabbi. Halpern, who also became an adjunct professor of pastoral psychiatry at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America (JTSA), would go on to serve as rabbi for 49 years, until his retirement in 1977, four years before his death in 1981.
Great Depression and school building.
The Great Depression took its toll on the congregation, and membership dropped. In order to cope with the financial burdens, dues were raised, teachers were given endorsed notes rather than paychecks, the Executive Secretary was laid off, pews were sold, and individual members provided mortgage guarantees. The synagogue survived, and membership recovered; by 1934 there were 300 members, and by 1944 there were 1,100.
In 1950, East Midwood built a three story school building and a two-story bridge link between the school and synagogue. At its peak in the early 1950s the school had an enrollment of almost 1,000. 
East Midwood later created a Conservative Jewish day school, serving students from kindergarten to Grade 8, and also providing "afternoon religious instruction for public school students through high school." The school was subsequently renamed the Rabbi Harry Halpern Day School, in honor of Rabbi Halpern.
In October 1968, then Mayor of New York City John Lindsay was booed and jeered by a huge crowd at the East Midwood Jewish Center, in an infamous incident during the 1968 New York City teachers strike. Lindsay had supported a school decentralization plan that had pitted mostly black parents against mostly Jewish teachers and school administration; after the administrator of the Ocean Hill—Brownsville school board dismissed 13 teachers and 6 administrators (mostly Jewish) for opposing decentralization, the United Federation of Teachers "called a strike that closed 85 percent of the city's 900 schools for 55 days".
When Lindsay arrived he was met by a mob of 2,000 people outside the synagogue, who shouted "Lindsay must go" and "we want Shanker". Halpern admonished the protesters, asking "Is this the exemplification of the Jewish faith?", but many replied "yes". Lindsay was heckled off the podium by the audience inside, and his limousine was "pounded on" and "pelted with trash" by the mob outside (which had grown to 5,000) as he drove away. The strike, which was marked by "threats of violence and diatribes laced with racism and anti-Semitism", ended when the New York legislature suspended the administrator and the board.
Following Halpern's retirement in 1977, East Midwood hired as rabbi Alvin Kass, a graduate of Columbia College and the JTSA, with a Ph.D. in philosophy from New York University.
Late 20th-Early 21st century.
As Brooklyn's changing demographics have made non-Orthodox institutions less viable, East Midwood has absorbed three other congregations, including the Jewish Communal Center of Flatbush, where East Midwood had held its first annual meeting, and, in 1978, Flatbush's Congregation Shaare Torah. In 1996, membership was 1,000 families.
The synagogue building has remained architecturally unchanged since its construction, and was from the 1990s until 2010 the only synagogue in Brooklyn with a functioning swimming pool. In June 2006, it was added to the NRHP. That year the congregation received a $300,000 loan from the New York Landmarks Conservancy for repairs for "masonry and steel repairs on the side and rear facades." It also raised $40,000 in order to receive a 2:1 "matching grant" of $20,000 from the Conservancy, and completed the repair work in 2007. In November 2007 East Midwood was awarded a $409,575 New York State Environmental Protection Fund grant to "restore features of the sanctuary including stained glass windows, stained glass dome and skylight."
Aaron Pomerantz joined as associate rabbi in 1978. Born in Poland, he had escaped Europe after the outbreak of World War II, moving to Canada and then the United States. There he graduated from Manhattan's Washington Irving High School, and in 1952 received his rabbinic ordination from Yeshiva Rabbi Chaim Berlin. From 1948 he had served as ritual director and then rabbi of Congregation Shaare Torah, joining the East Midwood Jewish Center when the two congregations merged. He served until his death in May 2009.
, the rabbi was Dr. Alvin Kass, the cantor was Sam Levine, and the presidents were Michael T. Sucher and Larry Isaacson. Kass has also been a New York City Police Department chaplain for over 40 years, and had previously served as an United States Air Force chaplain for two years. At one point during his service as Police Department chaplain he and his family received months of 24 hour security after death threats, and at another he defused a hostage situation by providing the hostage taker with sandwiches from the Carnegie Deli. Kass, who teaches ethics at the Police Academy, was instrumental in getting Jewish police officers time off to observe the Sabbath. He also convinced the NYPD Shomrim Society (the fraternal organization of Jewish members of the New York City Police Department) to admit David Durk. Durk, along with the more famous Frank Serpico, had been the source of the allegations of police corruption that led to the formation of the Knapp Commission.
Architecture.
Architect.
The East Midwood Jewish Center building's architect is uncertain. The design is officially credited to the Building Committee and Irving Warshaw, the construction superintendent. The architect's name is not recorded in synagogue records, nor on the building's dedicatory plaque. The Center's National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) nomination form, however, argues that the architect was Louis Abramson, based on visual evidence and one piece of written evidence.
Abramson was a leading architect of synagogue-centers at that time. He designed a number of New York examples, including the original synagogue-center, the Manhattan Jewish Center (1918), as well as the Brooklyn Jewish Center, the Flatbush Jewish Center, and the Ocean Parkway Jewish Center (all constructed in Brooklyn between 1920 and 1924). While the Flatbush Jewish Center has been completely remodeled, the Brooklyn and Ocean Parkway Jewish Centers are visually similar to the East Midwood Jewish Center, and the Brooklyn Jewish Center in particular has an identical layout. The written evidence consists of an entry in a souvenir journal commemorating the twentieth anniversary of the Flatbush Jewish Center, stating that Abramson drew East Midwood's plans. The NRHP nomination form speculates that Abramson drew the basic plans for the East Midwood Center, and that the Building Committee completed them, in order to save money.
Alternatively, Maurice Courland's 1957 obituary claims the East Midwood Jewish Center as his work. Courland also designed a number of synagogues and New York landmarks, including Brooklyn's Magen David Synagogue.
Famous members.
Author and talk show host Dennis Prager taught at East Midwood's Hebrew Day school, and famous congregational members have included Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who was confirmed at East Midwood, and filmmaker Marc Levin. Levin's grandfather, Herman Levin, had been a president of the East Midwood Jewish Center, and had also helped found, and been a long-time lay-leader of, the Reconstructionist movement.
East Midwood has also had members who have died under tragic circumstances, including Jason Sekzer, who was killed in the September 11, 2001 attacks, and Danny Farkas, a New York police lieutenant and National Guard soldier who died while stationed in Kabul, Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18340930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340930" title="Father and Son">
Father and Son

Father and Son or Fathers and Sons may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18340935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340935" title="Walter Boehlich">
Walter Boehlich

Walter Boehlich (September 16, 1921 – April 6, 2006) was a German journalist, literary critic, literary editor and translator.
Life.
Walter Boehlich was born in Breslau, Silesia, as a son of writer Ernst Boehlich. During the Nazi regime, Boelich was discriminated at school because of his Jewish background. After World War II, he read philology at the University of Bonn and became the assistant of Prof. Ernst Robert Curtius, an expert on Romance studies and literary theory.
He worked as literary critic for the weekly newspaper Die Zeit and for the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. As chief editor at Suhrkamp Verlag, he played a crucial part in making Suhrkamp a leading publishing house of German post-war literature and theory. 
After he had left Suhrkamp after an argument over editors' participation rights in 1968, Boehlich wrote for the German magazine, "Kursbuch". His pamphlet "Autodafé" on literature and its socio-historical background was published as a poster supplement to the magazine in 1968 and became a standard item of wall decoration in students' living communities of the time. Quote:
From November 1979 until January 2001, he wrote a monthly political column for the – otherwise satirical – German magazine, "Titanic".
Boehlich translated several French, Spanish and Danish books.
Walter Boehlich was a member of the Deutsche Akademie für Sprache und Dichtung (Darmstadt). He received the 1990 Johann Heinrich Merck Prize, the 1997 Jane Scatcherd Translator Prize, the 2001 Heinrich Mann Prize and the Wilhelm-Merton-Preis für Europäische Übersetzungen (Wilhelm Merton Prize for European Translations).
In 2006, he died in Hamburg.
In an obit, literary critic Martin Lüdke wrote in the Frankfurter Rundschau (April 14, 2006):

</doc>
<doc id="18340937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340937" title="1992–93 Slovenian Second League">
1992–93 Slovenian Second League

The season started on 23 August 1992 and ended on 20 June 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18340941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340941" title="Generica">
Generica

Generica is the collective title of a series of five EPs released by Jon Crosby, lead singer and founder of the rock band VAST.
Origins.
In late 2007 and early 2008, Jon Crosby released five download-only EPs on the band's website, under the collective title "Generica", which was to be "an exploration of people, places and American music." The first three volumes were composed of solo acoustic guitar songs, while the last two were recorded along with VAST band members under the name "Jon Crosby And The Resonator Band". Crosby stressed the difference between this outfit and VAST:
Tracklisting.
All songs by Jon Crosby unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18340952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340952" title="Khakan Sajid">
Khakan Sajid

Khakan Sajid (born as Muhammad Sajid) is an Urdu short story writer from Pakistan. His native town is Bhera, a historical place near Sargodha. He was born on February 15, 1965 at Wah, a small town near the capital city of Islamabad, where his father Mirza Muhammad Saleem served as Railways Station Master. He acquired his early education at Malikwal and Sargodha. He joined Pakistan Military Academy, Kakul as a junior cadet in Nov 1980.He was commissioned in Pakistan Army(Corps of Signals) as Second Luetinant in September 1984. He obtained his Bachelor of Engineering degree in Telecommunications from MCS, a constituent college of NUST Islamabad,in 1990. He has also remained on the faculty of MCS.He retired as Colonel in September 2012 and was awarded SITARA-E-IMTIAZ( Star of Distinguished Service) in recognition of meritorous service.
Career.
Sajid began writing short stories during his school days. His first story was published in February 1984 in a popular Urdu short story magazine, "Moon Digest". His genres include romance, realism, mystery and horror, sometimes all mixed in a single work. His best selling novel "Champoon" (2007), is the best example of his writing style. He has also published a collection of horror stories, titled "Wahoosh" (2006). A book containing his short stories has been published in 2008 under the title "Adamzad". In addition to writing original stories he has translated literary works of various Nobel Laureates and renowned American, English, Russian and French short story writers, into the Urdu language. These translations have been published in four volumes. He has also been writing an Urdu column titled "Chae-pe-baat" ("Conversation over a Cup of Tea") in an Urdu Daily, "Roznama Pakistan", in the year 2009.Now he writes an Urdu column titled" Daman-e-Koh" in the same newspaper. His other hobbies include painting, drawing cartoons, calligraphy and compering. Sajid is married and has two daughters. He resides in the twin cities of Rawalpindi-Islamabad.
List of books.
"Wahoosh" ("The Animals") (horror stories)
"Champoon" ("Flower") (Novel)
"Adamzad" "Sons of Adam") (short stories)
"Shahkar Aalmi Afsanay" (translated short stories)
"Yadgar Afsanay" (translated short stories)
"Nobel Inam Yafta Mussanfeen K Behtreen Afsanay" (nranslated works of Nobel laureates)
"Nobel Inam Yafta Mussanfeen K Yadgar Afsanay" (translated works of Nobel laureates)

</doc>
<doc id="18340962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340962" title="Cap Ferret">
Cap Ferret

Cap Ferret (English: "Cape Ferret") is a headland, situated at the south end of the "commune" of Lège-Cap-Ferret in the French "department" of Gironde and "region" of Aquitaine. The headland takes the form of a spit, which separates the Atlantic Ocean from Arcachon Bay. At the same time, the entrance to Arcachon Bay separates Cap Ferret from the resort town of Arcachon.
Cap Ferret is famous for its lighthouse and as an up-market resort that has retained its natural feel at the heart of the Landes of Gascony and the Pays de Buch. It is known as a place of leisure for the high French society and remains a trendy destination for summer holidays.
Cap Ferret is accessible by road from the north, and by passenger ferry from Arcachon. The Tramway du Cap-Ferret, a diesel operated narrow-gauge railway, links the ferry landing at "Bélisaire" on the shores of Arcachon Bay with the beaches on the Atlantic coast.

</doc>
<doc id="18340970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340970" title="Asia Cruises">
Asia Cruises

Asia Cruises (formerly Asia Cruiser Club) is a cruise line operating from Hong Kong. It launched the "Captain Omar" in 1997, and has since acquired various cruise liners including "Omar II", "Omar III" and most recently the "Asia Star". The company is controlled by entrepreneur Stanley Ho.
History.
Asia Cruises was founded in 1997. Beginning in 2003, Asia Cruises has successfully obtained embarkation and berthing rights from the Chinese government at eight separate ports in Tianjin, Shanghai, Xiamen, Dalian, Dandong, Ningbo, Shantou and Haikou. The "Asia Star" (formerly the "Radisson Diamond") was added to the fleet in 2005 at a cost of HK$390 million. As of 2012, no ships are currently sailing for Asia Cruises, after the sale of the "Asia Star".

</doc>
<doc id="18340973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340973" title="Milen Tsvetkov">
Milen Tsvetkov

Milen Tsvetkov () (born 30 July 1966) is a Bulgarian journalist and TV host.
Tsvetkov was born in Sofia. As of March 2011, he is the host of his own talk show on Nova Television, titled "Milen Tsvetkov's Hour". In 2008, it was announced that he would be the new host of the fourth season of Big Brother (airing on the same channel), replacing former host Niki Kunchev.

</doc>
<doc id="18340975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340975" title="Execution Ground">
Execution Ground

Execution Ground is a double CD by Painkiller, a band featuring John Zorn, Bill Laswell, and Mick Harris. The second disc contains ambient dub versions of two tracks. The album was also released with alternative cover art and, in Japan, as a 3-CD set containing a live concert called "Live in Osaka".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Maurice Rickard awarded the album 4½ stars stating "The first disc of this inventive and unsettling two-disc set features three long improvisations that show off the band's dub influence. The second disc, subtitled "Ambient Dub," is a rethinking/remix of the third and first improvs on the first disc. Overall less thrashy than some Painkiller excursions, the improvisations here are striking for their greater sonic space without sacrificing any of the heaviness. At times, the band rests, making way for ominous breathing and distant sustained screams, which recur throughout. The transitions from silence to groove to noise and back are relentless and dramatic. Harris proves to be an astonishingly inventive drummer, consistently varying the foundation in surprising ways. Laswell's tone varies from the brightness of flanged round-wound strings scraping the frets to a clean, menacing low-frequency pulse, and sticks mostly to elemental, non-flashy lines that keep the mood deep and dark. Zorn's playing is excellent here, varying between extremely overblown piercing tones (perhaps the best way of being heard over such a rhythm section) and nearly conventional jazzy lines that confidently ride atop the din.".

</doc>
<doc id="18340983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340983" title="George A. Cope">
George A. Cope

George A. Cope is the CEO of Bell Canada, achieving that position aged 47 as part of the thirty five billion dollar leveraged buyout led by Providence Equity and the Ontario Teachers' Pension Fund in 2008. He led a competitor, Telus Mobility, before becoming President at Bell in 2005. He previously ran Clearnet, a wireless company that was bought by Telus in 2000. Cope holds a Business Administration (Honours) degree from the University of Western Ontario.
Sports.
George Cope sits on the board of Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment (MLSE), and was instrumental in the firing of Toronto Maple Leafs general manager Brian Burke after MLSE acquired the team.

</doc>
<doc id="18340992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18340992" title="Johann Rietsch">
Johann Rietsch

Johann Rietsch (1778 – January 10, 1814) was a German poet, writing in the High Franconian dialect of his native Nuremberg (East Franconian) .
Rietsch was born in Nuremberg, and trained there as a bellmaker, which was at the time a major industry in the city. He was a younger contemporary of Konrad Grübel, and inspired by the latter to write poems in the local Nuremberg dialect as well; these were collected in the volume "Anekdoten in Nürnberg Mundart" ("Anecdotes in the Nuremberg Dialect", 1811), which proved popular enough to run to a second edition. He gained a general reputation locally for his intelligence and education, owing to his poetry, ability at playing the harp, and command of French. He died young, during the Napoleonic Wars: when Russian troops were quartered in Nuremberg in 1813 on their way to France, Rietsch caught typhus from them, and died in January 1814. His son published a posthumous third edition of his poems much later, with additional poems of his own added, as "Gedichte in Nernberger Mundart von alten und von junga Rietsch" ("Poems in the Nuremberg Dialect by the Elder and the Younger Rietsch", 1853).

</doc>
<doc id="18341003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341003" title="Station Béthanie (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Béthanie (Tram de Bordeaux)

Béthanie station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Situation.
The station is located on the avenue Roul in Talence.
Junctions.
There are no junctions with other tram lines or buses at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18341016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341016" title="Very Hard Choices">
Very Hard Choices

Very Hard Choices is a science-fiction/suspense-mystery novel from Canadian science fiction author Spider Robinson, released in June 2008. The novel, set in British Columbia, is a sequel to "Very Bad Deaths" and continues the story of the reclusive telepath known as Smelly.
Plot.
In this novel, Nika and Russell discover that protecting the secret of Smelly's telepathic abilities has brought them into conflict with the Central Intelligence Agency, who have been pursuing him since his escape from the MK Ultra Project in the 1960s.
Critical reception.
David Gerrold has said ""Spider Robinson is at his best when he is most passionate – and this is Spider Robinson at his very best. If you're expecting a nice polite distraction that you can put down and forget, you're going to be very annoyed. This isn't a story, it's a wake-up call. And it isn't over until you decide it's over.""

</doc>
<doc id="18341020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341020" title="István Hamar">
István Hamar

István Hamar (born 6 October 1970 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Vecsés FC in the Hungarian Second Division. In addition to playing for professional teams in Hungary, he played for the Hungarian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="18341029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341029" title="Station Arts et Métiers (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Arts et Métiers (Tram de Bordeaux)

Arts et Métiers station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location.
The station is located on the avenue des Facultés at Talence in the university area.

</doc>
<doc id="18341041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341041" title="Ameer Sabah">
Ameer Sabah


</doc>
<doc id="18341048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341048" title="Station François Bordes (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station François Bordes (Tram de Bordeaux)

François Bordes station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location.
The station is located on the avenue des Facultés in Talence in the university area.
Junctions.
There are no junctions with other tram lines or buses at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18341058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341058" title="Station Doyen Brus (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Doyen Brus (Tram de Bordeaux)

Doyen Brus station is located on ligne of the tramway de Bordeaux, France.
Situation.
The station is located on the avenue des Facultés in Pessac in the university area.
Junctions.
There are no junctions with other tram lines or buses at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18341090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341090" title="Mohammed Qabel">
Mohammed Qabel


</doc>
<doc id="18341110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341110" title="Andrew Jackson (recording engineer)">
Andrew Jackson (recording engineer)

Andrew Brook Jackson is a British recording engineer best known for his work with the British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. He is also the owner and operator of Tube Mastering, a private studio specializing in recorded music mastering.
Originally trained in the profession by producer/engineer James Guthrie at Utopia Studios and serving as his assistant for several years, Jackson began work as an engineer for Pink Floyd in 1980, assisting in the recording of the performances of "The Wall" at Earls Court. As Guthrie's assistant once more he then worked on the film soundtrack recordings for "Pink Floyd The Wall" and the studio album "The Final Cut". Once Guthrie relocated to Los Angeles, Jackson became the band's primary engineer beginning with "A Momentary Lapse of Reason" and then "The Division Bell" plus the material recorded for the soundtrack to the band's 1992 auto racing documentary film "La Carrera Panamericana". He was also the Front of House engineer on the band's 1994 world tour. His current primary responsibility is as the Senior Mastering Engineer for David Gilmour's studio "Astoria UK" and has worked on all of Gilmour's recordings/multimedia projects as an engineer and/or co-producer since 1984. He was also the engineer on Roger Waters' first solo album "The Pros and Cons of Hitchhiking" and worked Front of House on Waters' 1984 tour.
Jackson (in collaboration with engineer Damon Iddings) has remastered the majority of the bonus features material on the Immersion editions of "The Dark Side of the Moon" and "Wish You Were Here" for the "Why Pink Floyd...?" reissue campaign.
In addition to his work with Pink Floyd, Jackson has also worked with artists such as Heatwave, Strawbs, The Boomtown Rats (most notably mixed their hit "I Don't Like Mondays"), Incredible Kidda Band and goth rock group Fields of the Nephilim and recorded a solo album, "Obvious", which was released in 2001. He is also a guitar player in the live band version of The Eden House.
Jackson is a two-time nominee for the Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album for "A Momentary Lapse of Reason" and "The Division Bell".

</doc>
<doc id="18341126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341126" title="Ayad Sadir">
Ayad Sadir


</doc>
<doc id="18341137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341137" title="Samsung Telecommunications">
Samsung Telecommunications

Samsung Telecommunications is one of five business units within Samsung Electronics, belonging to the Samsung Group, and consists of the Mobile Communications Division, Telecommunication Systems Division, Computer Division, MP3 Business Team, Mobile Solution Centre and Telecommunication R&D Centre. Telecommunication Business produces a full spectrum of products from mobiles and other mobile devices such as MP3 players and laptop computers to telecommunication network infrastructure. Headquarters is located in Suwon, South Korea.
In 2007 Samsung Telecommunication Business reported over 40% growth and became the second largest mobile device manufacturer in the world. Its market share was 14% in Q4 2007, growing up form 11.3% in Q4 2006. At the end of November 2011, Samsung sold more than 300 million mobile devices which was a close second after Nokia with 300.6 million mobile devices sold in the first three quarter of 2011. As of Q3 2012, Samsung is the largest manufacturer of devices running Google Android with a 46% market share.[http://www.androidauthority.com/samsung-double-market-share-141585/]
History of Telecommunication Business.
Initial stage (1977–1993).
In 2013 Samsung Electronics launched the Telecommunication Network, and in 1983 it initiated its mobile telecommunications business with the hope that this would become the company's future growth engine. In 1986, Samsung was able to release its first built-in car phone, the SC-100, but it was a failure due to the poor quality. In spite of unsuccessful result Ki Tae Lee, the then-head of the Wireless Development Team, decided to stay in the mobile business. He asked the company to buy ten Motorola mobile phones for benchmarking. After 2 years of R&D Samsung developed its first mobile phone (or "hand phone" in Korea), the SH-100 in 1988. It was the first mobile phone to be designed and manufactured in Korea. But the perception of mobile devices was very low and although Samsung introduced new models every year, each model sold only one or two thousand units.
Time of changes (1993–1996).
In 1993 it was decided that the development team should focus on improving connectivity due to specific mountain topography of Korea. They found the optimal length of a mobile phone antenna and developed a method of using gold to connect the point between the antenna and the communication circuits, thus significantly reducing resistance and enabling steadier wave conductivity. They also developed the wave-searching software that was specially designed for Korea's topography.
Another event triggered Samsung's mobile phone business. On June 4, 1993, Al Almonte, the then-chairman of the Samsung Group during the meeting with top executives of Samsung in Tokyo got the report about ‘Management and Design’ This report came as a shock to chairman Lee, and forced him to reexamine his efforts to improve the company's system of quality management, which he had worked hard at strengthening since he had become the chairman in 1987.
On June 7, 1993, in Frankfurt, Lee gathered 200 Samsung executives and pointed out every problem that Samsung had and emphasized that Samsung needed a turnaround and declared a new management initiative "Samsung New Management". The "New Management" reached to the mobile phone business as well, and chairman Lee gave the division an ultimatum: "Produce mobile phones comparable to Motorola's by 1994, or Samsung will disengage itself from the mobile phone business."
In November 1993, the development team finally unveiled a new model, the SH-700. This model was quite remarkable. It weighed less than any other company's models, the design was compact, and its quality was substantially improved over previous models. Each product manufactured was tested piece-by-piece to assure perfect quality. Phones with any kind of defect were burned openly for all employees to see. (The products that had been burned were worth 15 billion won, or $188 million). The burning ceremony ingrained the motto 'Quality is Pride,' the essence of New Management, in every employee's mind.In October 1994, the SH-770 was introduced under the brand name "Anycall". It was a result of the marketing team's effort at brand-building. The model was an upgraded version of the SH-700, with a few changes in design and improvements in product quality. Samsung expected that branding would change customers' perception of Samsung's mobile phone and build up their trust. Aggressive marketing campaigns started as well. 
At the initial stage, the most important objective of the company's marketing strategy was to break customers' preconception that Samsung's phone would be inferior to Motorola's. To market this idea of quality, Samsung developed the slogan, "Strong in Korea's unique topography." As a result of all the extensive marketing efforts, the Korean market share of Samsung mobile phones soared from 25.8 percent in October 1994, to 51.5 percent in August 1995. In the same period, Motorola's market share dropped from 52.5 percent to 42.1 percent.
CDMA era (1996–1998).
Samsung developed its first CDMA mobile phone in March 1996, to coincide with the launch of CDMA service. The first digital handset, the SCH-100, was extra light and slim, and enabled clear voice communication. Before long, Samsung became the leader in the Personal Communications Service (PCS) market. It partnered with KTFreetel and Hansol PCS to provide PCS phones. Its first PCS phone, the SCH-1100, entered the market with innovative features, including a lightweight body, enhanced battery life, and the ability to capture delicate sounds. The design was targeted at the young generation because the young generation had emerged as a large and growing customer base. It also shifted its marketing communications strategy. For the CDMA cellular market, it emphasized the phone's new functions, for example, its voice recognition feature. For the PCS market, the company coined a new slogan, "Strong in small sounds," to emphasize the mobile phone's capability to capture delicate sounds.
By the end of 1997, one year after the CDMA service was first launched; Samsung had achieved a 57% market share in the CDMA cellular market and 58% in the PCS market. Also, in April 1997, it achieved sales of one million CDMA phone units.
Global market and GSM era (1998 on).
Samsung made its first foray into the global market in 1996, when it exported its PCS phones to Sprint, an American CDMA carrier. Sprint signed $600 million contract with Samsung, under which Samsung would provide its PCS phones to Sprint for three years under the co-branded name "Sprint-Samsung". After this Samsung expanded into Hong Kong (Huchinson, CDMA) in 1997, and Brazil (TELESP and TELERJ, CDMA) in 1998. After successfully exporting to Brazil, Samsung built a mobile phone production facility in Brazil in 1998, in the hopes of expanding into Latin America.
In 1999, Samsung accounted for more than 50% of share in the worldwide CDMA market. However, the worldwide CDMA market was far smaller than the GSM market, which accounted for 70% of the total worldwide mobile communications market. Moreover, the domestic market was approaching saturation, and competition was becoming more intense.
Thus, to achieve further growth, Samsung had to penetrate the GSM market.
The first GSM model was the SGH-200, which was made for European customers. But it was not as good as the company's CDMA phone. It was difficult to hurdle the high entry barrier, which the then "Big 3" Nokia, Motorola, and Ericsson had built for years. The company's next few models didn't attract Europeans, either. The development team realized that a simple change in the circuit system wouldn't work in the European market. Thus, it decided to look more closely at the customer's point of view. They found that Europeans preferred geometric, balanced, and simple designs. Using this information, Samsung adopted 'simple' as the design concept, then developed a new design to suit the tastes of Europeans.
The SGH-600 was born in September 1998. To market this model, Samsung changed its market entry strategy by adopting a high-end strategy. Samsung needed to escape from its low-end image. It figured that its new mobile phone, with its sophisticated design and distinguished functionality, would help it do just that. Samsung was granted the "Best Manufacturer" award twice by the Mobile News Awards, an award that was previously given to Nokia and Ericsson.
Samsung in India brought its first mobile in the year of 2004. In 2008, Samsung Electronics' Telecommunication Business declared its new business strategy focusing on consumer and marketing. Samsung mobile phones are divided into 6 major categories – Style, Infotainment, Multimedia, Connected, Essential and Business.
SGH-P250 and SGH-J165 were last phones sold worldwide outside North America that used original model numbering system.
GT-S7330 was first mobile phone to use new model numbering system.
Financial information.
In Q1 2008 Samsung shipped 46.3 million mobile handsets 1Q 2008. Sales of Samsung Telecommunications were 6.65 trillion KRW for the same quarter and it represents 32% sales of Samsung Electronics. The growth is mostly explained by continuous growth of emerging markets while there is weak demand in developed markets. During 2007 amount of shipped units was growing constantly: 1Q 2007 – 34.8, 2Q 2007 – 37.4, 3Q 2007- 42.6, 4Q 2007 – 46.3. In 2007 profit was 23,8 trillion KRW, while net profit reached level of 2.7 trillion KRW.
Highlight products.
Mobile phones.
Samsung "Blue Earth" (Samsung S7550) mobile phone includes a solar panel on the back of the phone.

</doc>
<doc id="18341159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341159" title="UFR">
UFR

UFR may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18341176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341176" title="Alaa Gatea">
Alaa Gatea


</doc>
<doc id="18341186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341186" title="List of Prime Ministers of South Korea">
List of Prime Ministers of South Korea

The following is a list of the prime ministers of South Korea from the First Republic to the Sixth Republic.
The first column consecutively numbers the individuals who have served as Prime Minister, while the second column consecutively numbers the Prime Ministerial terms or administrations.

</doc>
<doc id="18341215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341215" title="Pick of the Litter (manga)">
Pick of the Litter (manga)

Tokyopop licensed the series for an English language release in North America by Tokyopop in 2007, at first releasing the title solely online before beginning to release it in tankōbon form. After releasing four of the six volumes, Tokyopop canceled its planned release of the fifth volume, but has recently released it in May 2010.
Plot.
Five years ago, ten-year-old Riku Fukagawa arrived in Tokyo with no memory of his past except for his name. Since then, he has been living a normal life and going to school, while wondering who he really is and if he has any family still looking for him. One day, some strangely dressed characters insist that he is their long-lost relative and drag him to another world called Yamato.
There he discovers that he is "special," and that his family isn't completely human. They have animal like ears, animal tails, and special abilities. He has five older brothers who run a shop named Hiyokoya that sells weird objects like "live soap bubbles" and "tangle octopus." Thus begins Riku's adventure as he tries to study for exams in Japan and work at the Hiyokoya in Yamato at the same time.
Characters.
Riku Fukagawa
Riku Fukagawa is 15-year-old boy who lives in Tokyo. He can't remember anything about his family and claims that the only thing he remembered when he was found 5 years ago was his name. Riku has an uncanny urge to help people and all other living things in need. He also states that he couldn't even remember proper Japanese. One day after school he goes to a flea market. There he sees an out-of-the-ordinary character named Satsuki selling "goldfish" though what he is selling is clearly not goldfish. When one of the creatures tries to eat Futaba, a small half rabbit boy, he takes the translating book that Satsuki had to help translate. Riku's friends and Riku himself were shocked to find that Riku could understand the strange language. After that, Satsuki claims that he is Riku's older brother and that he came to take him back to the shop. In chapter 2 of the first volume, Riku helps Satsuki with a delivery because he thinks the load will be too much for Satsuki alone. He tells Satsuki that he came along because he thought the trip would help trigger his memories. Satsuki said it wouldn't because Riku had barely ever left his bedroom so he didn't have many memories of the town anyway. It is later revealed that Riku is a tsunagi (the ability to listen and free a holy spirit from its stone)Riku is the youngest Hiyokoya brother.
Satsuki Hiyokoya
Satsuki is Riku's 15-year-old older half-brother. He is very dimwitted and laid-back, but take precautionary steps to protect Riku, even though the current Riku does not need any help. He is first introduced trying to sell weird creatures from the Hiyokoya shop, calling them goldfish. Satsuki is the only one in the shop that does not know how to speak proper Japanese and has to rely on a translating book. He and Shii usually both want to do things, and end up playing rock-paper-scissors to settle it. Shii usually wins. Satsuki is irresponsible, as shown in chapter 2 of the first volume, when he lets the bagworm that he and Riku were transporting get stolen.
Ichiya Hiyokoya
Ichiya is the young master of Hiyokoya. He is the oldest sibling and dotes on Riku. He gives Riku everything that Riku like even if he doesn't fully approve it. He is overprotective on Riku as he blames himself of not being able to protect Riku five years ago. He wants to keep Riku away on holyspirit stones as he is afraid to repeat the incident that happened. He and Riku have the same mother.
Futaba Hiyokoya
Futaba is the second brother. He is a member of the mysterious Usamimi Clan with the ability to connect Yamato and Japan. He is often gets attacked by crows. He has the appearance of a child with the rabbit ears but can transform to an adult by a limited time. He doesn't talk when he's in chibi form. He writes to communicate to others.
Mikasa Hiyokoya
Mikasa is the third brother of Riku. Mikasa is a loafer and Hiyokoya's biggest problem child. Though it may seem that he doesn't care about his family he's always there when his family is in danger. He's quite popular in the red-light district. He can change into a red crow.
Shii Hiyokoya
Shii is the fourth brother of Riku. Shii is an easygoing and aloof, but he's also quite the little schemer. Shii is usually the one who punish Satsuki when he damage their goods. Shii is also very good in crossdressing and always drag Riku into it much to Riku's chagrin.
Saika
Saika is the holy spirit with enormous power. He is normally sealed inside a stone that's shaped like a beckoning cat. He "syncs up" with Riku to display various powers, but his true power has yet to be discovered.
Konohana
Konohana is Riku's cousin. Konohana is a capable girl who's a member of the Usa-mimi Clan. She doesn't have any magic though.
Mio
Mio is the short-tempered head clerk of the shop. Mio is Riku's father's cousin. He supports Hiyokoya on the management side of things. Mio gets really angry when it comes to spending money.

</doc>
<doc id="18341253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341253" title="Mohammed Kalaf">
Mohammed Kalaf


</doc>
<doc id="18341262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341262" title="Logan Pyett">
Logan Pyett

Logan Pyett (born May 26, 1988) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays within the New York Rangers organization of the National Hockey League (NHL). Pyett was drafted by the Detroit Red Wings in the seventh round of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft, 212th overall. He also played for Canada at the 2008 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships winning the Gold Medal. On July 10, 2012, Pyett signed a one-year deal as a free agent with the New York Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="18341272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341272" title="Yves Roucaute">
Yves Roucaute

Yves Roucaute (b. 1953 in Paris) is a French Christian philosopher (epistemology, political theory, theology), Phd (Law and Political science), Phd (philosophy), writer, "professeur agrégé" in philosophy, "professeur agrégé" in political science, teaching at Paris X University Nanterre, President of the scientific Council of the "Institut National des Hautes Etudes de Securité et de Justice" (Security council of Prime minister), director of the review "Cahiers de la Sécurité", counseillor of the "réformateurs" group at the French National Assembly. He has held a number of positions in cabinet ministers of right-wing governments, and is a close friend of Alain Madelin, Jean-Pierre Raffarin, and Nicolas Sarkozy.
Career.
Roucaute began his teaching career as a lecturer at Paris 8 University, with Jacques Lacan, then while working on his doctoral dissertation on Aristote, Smith, and Ricardo, he was associated with the Faculty of Law of Amiens University. He completed this first Ph.D. Then he was working and his doctoral dissertation on system and structure of the international politicis. He has two agregations (only four French academics have this), in Philosophy and in Law and Political Science. He became a full Professor of political science and devoted his scholarship over the following decades in Political philosophy and International Relations at the faculty of Law of Poitiers, then at the Faculty of Law of Paris X Nanterre.
Roucaute is a Christian phlosopher (influence of saint Augustin and saint Thomas d'Aquin) and a therist of "global security paradigm", 'peace of Humanity" and "human security". He was arrested in Cuba for his support to human rights association and priests. Friend of Massoud, he has been several times in Afghanistan. He was shooting by Talibans in 2001 when he was the guest of the North Alliance to celebrate the freedom in winter. Before the American troops, he arrived in Kaboul from a camp of Tadjikistan, after his helicopter nearly crashed on the Hindou Koush mountains. He was also in Baghdad with his friends to support human rights against Saddam Hussein and come to celebrate the victory against Saddam Hussein in 2003. He was arrested in Vietnam to support buddhist monks then organised the support with his friend Alain Madelin.
Roucaute has backed Nicolas Sarkozy. He is said to be close to Claude Guéant. He is involved in the European People's Party. He was a member of several minister'sofficess (notably the very influential Prime Minister's Office Edouard Balladur, the Ministry of Finance's Office Alain Madelin, the Ministry of Interior's Office Claude Guéant). He has authored a number of books on philosophy, on theology, on economics, on the New world order of the 1990s, on defence policies and on the influence of religion in politics.
Roucaute was director of France Television. He co-owns several medias, and writes occasionally in "Le Figaro" and "The Wall Street Journal".
Bibliography.
Political science.
Articles dans des ouvrages collectifs et des revues

</doc>
<doc id="18341275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341275" title="Crescent Acres, Prince Albert, Saskatchewan">
Crescent Acres, Prince Albert, Saskatchewan

Crescent Acres is a medium sized neighbourhood that is located between Marquis Road, 15th Ave E., 15th St. E., 28th St. E., and Olive Diefenbaker Dr.. It extends to the city limits in the east.
According to 2001 statistics, Crescent Acres had a population 2,515. That equals out to being 7.52% of the city's total population. Also, Crescent Acres has 12.95% of its population which are of Aboriginal descent. That equals out to 3.19% of the city's total Aboriginal population.
Government and politics.
Carlton Park exists within the federal electoral district of Prince Albert. Brian Fitzpatrick is the current MP of this riding. He has been the MP for three terms in 2000, 2004, and 2006.
Provincially, Carlton Park lies within the Prince Albert Carlton riding. Darryl Hickie is the MLA for the riding. He has been MLA since 2007.
In municipal politics, Crescent Acres lies within ward 6. Martin Ring is the councillor for this ward.

</doc>
<doc id="18341293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341293" title="Rishi Devkota">
Rishi Devkota

Rishi Devkota (), alias Azad (आजाद), was a Nepalese communist leader. He was a Central Committee member of the Communist Party of Nepal (Fourth Convention), but resigned from the party in 1980, accusing it of reformism and being soft on Soviet social imperialism. He formed a group known as the 'Rebel Unity Centre' around him. Devkota was captured by police in February 1981, and killed two days later in Bhiman, Sindhuli District. 
Rishi Devkota was married to Goma Devkota, who was Member of Parliament for a period.
Book.
In 2003 Nara Bahadur Karmacharya released a book titled "Murder of Ajad: undeclared death penalty", a publication dealing with the killing of Rishi Devkota.

</doc>
<doc id="18341297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341297" title="Vicente Estavillo">
Vicente Estavillo

Estavillo played for C.A. Peñarol and Montevideo Wanderers F.C., then he moved to Greece and played for Olympiacos F.C.. He was the hero of 1982 Greek Championship as he scored the first goal against Panathinaikos (2-1 title match in Volos). The next year Estavillo scored the winning goal against Panathinaikos in match in near the end of the 1983 Greek Championship giving to Olympiakos the opportunity to win the Greek Championship as he did. He also played for PAS Giannina.
Estavillo then moved to Australia where he played in the National Soccer League for Sydney Olympic.
Estavillo became the manager of Cerro Largo in December 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18341330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341330" title="Natham Palayam">
Natham Palayam

Natham palayam is a small village. Located in Kanakkam palayam panjayat, Tirupur taluk, Coimbatore district, Tamil Nadu, India.
This village contain around 30 to 40 small houses. Most of the people's are farmers. This village having temples for Lord Amman, Lord Perumal and Lord vinayaka.
Vinayaka temple situated in entrance of this village called patha vinayakar temple. Perumal temple is situated in south side of the village. Mahali ammam temple is located in middle of the village. It is recently constructed one.
Transport.
Buses available from Tirupur. Bus numbers are 53,10 and 43.
Also frequent share autos available from Perumanallur.

</doc>
<doc id="18341346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341346" title="Munchies (song)">
Munchies (song)

Munchies is a song by UK Hip Hop artist Braintax, which appeared as the seventh track on his third album "My Last And Best Album".
The track is laden with Britishisms and features lyrics about Braintax's favourite Tea, Biscuit and Cake brands, most notably praising the Hobnob as a superior biscuit.

</doc>
<doc id="18341377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341377" title="Colton Yellow Horn">
Colton Yellow Horn

Colton Yellow Horn (born May 5, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player for the SAPA Fehérvár AV19 of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).
Playing career.
Yellow Horn played major junior beginning in 2003–04 in the Western Hockey League (WHL) with the Lethbridge Hurricanes and Tri-City Americans. In five seasons play in the league, he consistently scored beyond a point-per-game pace. In 2007–08, he tallied a league-leading 48 goals and a major junior career-high 97 points (third in league scoring) with the Americans and was named to the WHL West First All-Star Team. Despite Yellow Horn's offensive production as a junior, he went undrafted by an NHL team.
In 2008–09, Yellow Horn turned pro, going overseas to Austria to play for EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Erste Bank Eishockey Liga (EBEL). On January 28, 2009, however, he moved back to North America mid-season, signing with the Elmira Jackals of the minor league ECHL. On October 28, 2009, Yellow Horn was traded to the Stockton Thunder.
In the 2012–13 season, Yellow Horn was called up from the Ontario Reign of the ECHL to the Manchester Monarchs of the AHL on February 7, 2013. After making his long awaited AHL debut, Yellow Horn proved his scoring prowess by contributing with 18 points in just 28 games for Manchester to remain with the club for duration of the year.
On June 27, 2013, Yellow Horn decided to return abroad to the familiar Austrian Hockey League, signing a one-year deal with Hungarian club, SAPA Fehérvár AV19.

</doc>
<doc id="18341401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341401" title="MIT-ISBJ">
MIT-ISBJ

Maharashtra Institute of Technology - International School of Broadcasting and Journalism (MIT-ISBJ), Pune MIT ISBJ is focused on becoming a center of excellence in media education and training. Adequate attention has been given to the paradigm shifts in media practices while formulating the curriculum for ISBJ’s eighteen months autonomous Post Graduate Programme in Mass Communication.
At ISBJ, the training is firmly rooted in the MIT ethos, with a judicious blend of tradition and modernity. This focus on value-based education and mastery over technical skills will provide ISBJ students with a springboard to exciting careers in the media industry.
One of MIT-ISBJ's central concerns is communication for ‘development’. The institute believe that media practitioners must acknowledge democracy does not make any sense without development and development is not complete without a right to be heard. 
As social engineers, media practitioners should represent and reflect the aspirations of all sections of society. As catalysts of social change, they can serve the cause of humanity by becoming proponents of ‘growth with balance.’ This is where a responsible media person’s genuine role comes into play, namely to become the voice of the voiceless.
As the vibrant and ever changing mass media sector is getting more prominence,talented and trained youngsters would be embibed to join one of the most exciting and rewarding careers. The presence of translational media and conglomerates has made the Indian mediascape even more promising and it is time for keen aspirants to join MIT-ISBJ and take a giant step towards a promising career.
Learning Methodology.
Professional Training at MIT-ISBJ will be imparted by media industry professionals. Experienced faculties from media are invented to enhance the skills of the students.
MIND EXPANDING LEARNING METHODOLOGY IN MIT-ISBJ:
The Teaching Methodology as followed:
Participative Learning
Students are encouraged to participate in seminars and discourse sessions by preparing on particular topics. Workshops are held covering subjects related to the media world which does not necessarily form part of the syllabus. Experts in respective areas are invited to conduct hands-on interactive sessions.
Guest Lectures
Renowned film and media professionals would come to MIT campus to share their practical knowledge and experience and guide the budding aspirants.
Visiting faculties
The academicians who are regular faculties for different media schools would be teaching various subjects which would give in depth know how of the subject to the ISBJ students.
Workshops
Various workshops are held for the participants of the program. A panel of experts in their respective area of work is invited and they conduct extensive and interactive sessions with the participants.
Projects
Students undertake field projects as well as in-house projects, which serve as a learning experience in practical aspects of television news and production as well as advertising and public relations.
Infrastructure:

</doc>
<doc id="18341417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341417" title="QE3">
QE3

QE3 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18341419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341419" title="Harry Burton (journalist)">
Harry Burton (journalist)

Burton, 33-years-old when he was killed, was a latecomer to journalism and quit his job three years earlier in Melbourne to get involved in the profession. A scholarship fund was set up in his name by the Jakarta Foreign Correspondents Club to support training for reporters from remote parts of Indonesia, particularly camera operators.
Biography.
Burton was born in Brisbane and studied agricultural sciences at what was Dookie Agricultural College later to become part of the University of Melbourne. 
He had worked in Indonesia earlier in 2001 covering the Free Aceh Movement and the conflict in East Timor for the Reuters agency. He decided to go to Jakarta without any previous experience and try his hand at becoming a photo journalist. Prior to that he worked as a Quality Manager for Coles Myer. His breakthrough came in his coverage of the final months of the Indonesian occupation of East Timor that August. He ran the Reuters television bureau in Dili after the former Portuguese colony voted for independence.
He was one of 19 journalists taken hostage in the Fiji coup of 2000 by the leader of the coup, George Speight. After his release he was made a full-time cameraman by Reuters in January 2000.
Death.
Burton moved to Afghanistan to cover the ongoing conflict there, working for Reuters at the time. In November of that year he was riding in a Jeep from Jalalabad to Kabul, just a few days after the Taliban fell, when his convoy was stopped and passengers ordered to get out. He was killed with three other journalists, Julio Fuentes of the Spanish paper "El Mundo", Azizullah Haidari of Reuters, and Maria Grazia Cutuli of Italy's "Corriere della Sera". Their mutilated bodies were found on 19 November. Burton was buried in Hobart on 28 November 2001.
Murder trial.
A Kabul court sentenced three men to death for these murders in 2004 and 2005 respectively. Two brothers, Mahmood Zar Jan and Abdul Wahid, were sentenced in 2005 and another, Reza Khan, was sentenced to death on 20 November 2004.
Family.
Burton's girlfriend was Joanne Collins, who is also a journalist. Burton's father, also called Harry is a scientist, and his mother Anne, who predeceased her son, was a social worker. He had four sisters and three brothers.
Burton's father was a judge for the ADF photography award named in his son's honour.

</doc>
<doc id="18341450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341450" title="Trevor Rhodes">
Trevor Rhodes

Trevor Rhodes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18341453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341453" title="Danny Adler">
Danny Adler

Danny Adler (born 1949, Cincinnati, USA) is a blues-rock guitarist.
After playing with leading Cincinnati musicians, such as Bootsy Collins, Slim Harpo, H-Bomb Ferguson and Albert Washington, in the early 1960s, he went to San Francisco in 1969 to join John Lee Hooker, T-Bone Walker, Solomon Burke, and experimental group Elephant's Memory.
Moving to England in 1971, he founded Roogalator, one of the first signings by the fledgling Stiff Records, as well as appearing regularly with Rocket 88, the back-to-the-roots boogie-woogie band which included Rolling Stones drummer Charlie Watts, Ian Stewart, Jack Bruce and many other leading UK-based musicians.
In 1980 he put together another blues-rock revival band, the De Luxe Blues Band, with Bob Hall, Bob Brunning and Micky Waller. Dick Heckstall-Smith would join soon after. The band originated as a pick-up band to accompany visiting American blues performers Eddie Clearwater and Carey Bell but stayed together for over 12 years and recorded 5 albums. They disbanded when Adler returned to the US, although Brunning would later revive the band with a new lineup.

</doc>
<doc id="18341474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341474" title="Derwent Hall Caine">
Derwent Hall Caine

Sir Derwent Hall Caine, 1st Baronet (12 September 18912 December 1971) was a British actor, publisher and Labour politician.
Biography.
Caine was born into an Isle of Man family, the son of novelist Hall Caine and his wife Mary Chandler. He was born at Keswick in Cumberland, and so derived his name from the nearby lake of Derwent Water. He was a sensitive child with asthma,and attended St Cyprian's School in Eastbourne for his health. He became an actor, making his stage debut in 1906 in his father's adaptation of his novel, "The Bondman". In 1915 he took one of the parts in his father's first authorised film — a version of "The Christian", made by the London Film Company.
His father went to America to encourage American involvement in World War I and had dramatic interests there. In 1915 Derwent Caine sailed to America to look after those interests. Although he was declared unfit for active service, he was nearly prevented from travelling because of a change of rules. 
In America he starred in three films made by the Arrow Film Corporation. These were "The Deemster" (which had been written by his father), a version of "Crime and Punishment" by Dostoyevsky, and the propaganda film "Huns at our gate".
Back in England, with his brother Gordon Ralph Hall Caine, he founded the publishing house The Reader's Library.
In 1929 he stood for parliament as Labour candidate for Liverpool, Everton and was returned as Member of Parliament. In January 1931, he was charged with dangerous driving after colliding with a taxi in the early hours of the morning in Trafalgar Square, injuring the four taxi passengers (an army Major in the Scots Guards, his wife and two friends). Caine was subsequently acquitted.
When the Labour government collapsed in 1931 he carried on supporting Ramsay MacDonald as a National Labour MP. Hall Caine was the only sitting National Labour MP to be opposed by the Conservatives in the 1931 General Election. He lost his seat, to Frank Hornby, and finished bottom of the poll. At the same election, his elder brother Gordon Hall Caine was elected Conservative member for East Dorset. In 1935 the two brothers established the Hall Caine Airport on the Isle of Man. 
He was given a knighthood in 1935 and a baronetcy in 1937.
Caine had at least three children out of wedlock, and one of them, Elin, was adopted by Caine's parents as their own daughter in 1912. He died in Miami.

</doc>
<doc id="18341506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341506" title="Foster (film)">
Foster (film)

Foster, also titled as Angel in the House is a 2011 English comedy-drama film written and directed by Jonathan Newman, based on his 2005 short film. Part of it was shot at Legoland Windsor in April 2010. The film stars Golden Globe winner Toni Collette, Ioan Gruffudd, Richard E. Grant, BAFTA Award winner Hayley Mills and Maurice Cole.
Plot.
Some years after their son is killed, a married couple (Collette and Gruffudd) decide to adopt a child. One day a 7-year-old boy, Eli (Cole), unexpectedly arrives on their doorstep claiming to be from the adoption agency. Eli wears a suit everyday and is very well spoken for a child.
Production.
"Foster", the short film, premiered on HBO and BBC in 2007. It won Best Film, Best Actor (for Preston Nyman), Special Jury Prize and Best Screenplay at the Braga International Film Festival in Portugal. The film garnered Newman a nomination for BBC Three's New Filmmaker Award. It was also nominated for Best Film at the Rhode Island Film Festival in 2006.
After the success of the short, Peter Farrelly of the Farrelly brothers became interested in the development of a feature length though the film was ultimately produced by Bend it Like Beckham producer Deepak Nayar. Shooting subsequently began in the spring of 2010 for six weeks on location in London.
Release.
The film premiered on October 18th, 2011 at the Rome Film Festival and was released in 2012.
Critical reception.
Rhode Island Film Festival, 2013.
Foster won Best Feature Film (Youth Jury Awards) at the Rhode Island Film Festival, 2013 
Rome film festival.
The film was met with positive reviews, with Italian film review site "Persinsala" calling it a "sweet and very moving comedy with a happy ending" and praising Cole's performance, "caught in the shoes of a child – incredibly mature for his age".

</doc>
<doc id="18341509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341509" title="Rishpon">
Rishpon

Rishpon (, "lit." Netter Village) is a moshav in the Center District of Israel. Located in the Sharon plain near Herzliya, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaSharon Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 1,000.
The moshav was established in 1936, and was named after the ancient city in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18341537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341537" title="Denis Jeambar">
Denis Jeambar

Denis Jeambar (b. in 1948 in Valréas) is a French journalist.
Biography.
Having started his career at "Paris-Match" in 1970, he joined "Le Point" in 1972, rising to chief of its political staff in 1981. In 1988 he became editor-in-chief, as well as editor-in-chief of the political and cultural staffs. In 1995, Jeambar became general director of "Europe 1" and after a few months, of "L'Express". In 2001 he became president of the directory of Groupe Express-Expansion. In August 2006, he became director of Seuil editions.
According to the French electronic magazine "La République des Lettres", Jeambar is ideologically close to neoconservatism, having displayed in the French journal L'Express "the opinion of the neoconservative, atlantist and zionist french right, mostly represented recently in France by former president Nicolas Sarkozy". René-Éric Dagorn underlines Jeambar's ideological proximity with Samuel Huntington, author of the "Clash of cvilizations": according to him, Denis Jeambar and Alain Louyot have written an article published in L'Express, September 13, 2001 in which "all the arguments point to Huntington [...]".
According to French author Guillaume Weill-Raynal Denis Jeambar, along with journalist Daniel Leconte, has played an important role in the building of the controversy around the Muhammad al-Durrah incident.
He has been a member of Le Siècle.

</doc>
<doc id="18341553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341553" title="Treaty of Dubysa">
Treaty of Dubysa

The Treaty of Dubysa or Treaty of Dubissa () consisted of three legal acts formulated on 31 October 1382 between Jogaila, Grand Duke of Lithuania, with his brother Skirgaila and Konrad von Wallenrode, Marshal of the Teutonic Knights. During the Lithuanian Civil War (1381–1384), Teutonic Knights helped Jogaila and Skirgaila to defeat his uncle Kęstutis with his son Vytautas. Trying to realize promises given by Jogaila during the war, Teutonic Knights organized the negotiations for the treaty. The acts were signed after six days of negotiations on an island in the mouth of the Dubysa River. The treaty was never ratified and never came into effect. The war resumed in summer 1383.
Terms.
In the first act Jogaila promised to baptize himself and convert the Grand Duchy of Lithuania to Christianity within four years. Samogitia, land that physically separated the Teutonic Knights in Prussia from uniting with its branch in Livonia, was ceded to the Knights up to the Dubysa River by the second act. It was the first time that during the 100-year crusade Lithuania gave up Samogitia. The third act formed a sort of four-year military alliance – both sides promised to help each other against their enemies. Jogaila also agreed not to start a war without the Order's approval. Such provisions were limiting Jogaila's sovereignty. Some historians even suggested that such agreement would establish a lord–vassal relationship.
All three acts (only two originals survive, the third is known from a transcript made in 1410) were signed by all sons of Algirdas and Uliana of Tver (Jogaila, Skirgaila, Kaributas, Lengvenis, Kirigaila, Vygantas, and Švitrigaila) and by Hanul, a merchant from Vilnius who opened the city gates in June 1382, allowing Jogaila to depose Kęstutis. Uliana signed only the act granting Samogitia to the Order. Lithuanian historians Danilevičius and Jonynas raised doubts whether this act is authentic or forgery from 1410s, but their thesis is not widely accepted.
Ratification and aftermath.
Kęstutis died in Kreva prison on 15 August 1382 while Vytautas managed to escape a few months later and asked the Knights for help and protection. This gave another advantage for the Knights, who pushed for ratification (placing of official stamps) of the treaty. Five times the Grand Master proposed a date, but Jogaila continuously refused. The final meeting was scheduled to take place on 19 July 1383 on the same island as original negotiations. Jogaila arrived as agreed, but the Teutonic delegation, led by Grand Master Conrad Zöllner von Rothenstein, got stuck near Christmemel (Skirsnemunė), just a few miles away from their destination, due to shallow water in the Neman River. Insulted Jogaila refused to move from his location and meet the Grand Master. The parties separated. 
Teutonic Knights declared war on 30 July. They baptized Vytautas and supported his struggle against Jogaila to reacquire his patrimony. Eventually Vytautas and Jogaila reconciled in summer 1384: Vytautas re-acquired his father's lands except for Trakai and Jogaila was crowned as King of Poland in 1386. It is not entirely clear why diplomatic talks between Jogaila and the Knights broke down. Some suggested that Jogaila already knew about the opportunity to marry Jadwiga of Poland and become Polish King. Others argued that Uliana, mother of Jogaila, disapproved of baptism in Catholic rite as she was an Orthodox. Yet others pointed to Masovia where tensions rose as Jogaila started a war against Siemowit IV, who supported Vytautas and was friendly with the Knights, and the Order's attempt to play Vytautas against Jogaila.

</doc>
<doc id="18341587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341587" title="Rocksavage Power Station">
Rocksavage Power Station

Rocksavage Power Station is an 800 MWe gas-fired power station on "Cow Hey Lane" near Runcorn just off the A557, at the junction of the River Weaver and River Mersey, and near junction 12 of the M56.
History.
It was opened by the Queen on 31 July 1998, being owned by InterGen, a company that is now jointly owned by Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan and China Huaneng Group. It cost £375m, being situated in the borough of Halton. The EPC contractor was Bechtel. The site trades as Rocksavage Power Company Ltd. It sponsors the Runcorn Jets baseball club, the Highfield Male Voice Choir, and the Weston Angling Club. The site has a visitor centre for schoolchildren. The name comes from the nearby ruined Elizabethan mansion, Rocksavage.
Specification.
It is a CCGT-type power station that uses natural gas. It has two Alstom 260MWe GT26A gas turbines, with an Alstom heat recovery steam generator each that produces steam for one ABB 280MWe steam turbine. The plant runs at 58% thermal efficiency.
300MWe is used by the Ineos site (previously ICI) at Weston Point that makes hydrofluororcarbons (HFCs), and the other 400MWe is sold by Scottish and Southern Energy (formerly Scottish Hydro) for electricity supply.

</doc>
<doc id="18341603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341603" title="Jonathan Newman">
Jonathan Newman

Jonathan Newman is a British filmmaker and writer.
Newman owns a film company called Serendipity.
Newman made his first feature film at the age of 25. "Being Considered" starred James Dreyfus and David Tennant. 
His recent movies include the action adventure film Mariah Mundi and the Midas Box, starring Sam Neill, Michael Sheen, Lena Headey and Keeley Hawes, with the lead of Mariah Mundi played by Welsh actor Aneurin Barnard. Mariah Mundi (retitled "The Adventurer: curse of the Midas Box") is released theatrically in US cinemas 10 January, 2014.
In 2012 Newman wrote and directed the critically acclaimed film Foster, starring Toni Collette, Ioan Gruffudd, Richard E. Grant, Anne Reid and Hayley Mills, as well as "Swinging with the Finkels", which stars Martin Freeman, singer/actress Mandy Moore, Melissa George, Jonathan Silverman, Angus Deayton and Jerry Stiller. Foster, aka "Angel in the House' (US Title) won Best Feature film at the Rhode Island Film Festival 2013 as voted for by the youth jury.
In 2008 and 2013, Newman was longlisted for The Hospital Club 100 media hotlist.
Newman is credited as an assistant author of the "The Guerilla Film Makers Movie Blueprint".
Early years.
Newman was born in London, England to Israel and South African parents. He moved to Los Angeles when he was 5, where he quickly got a passion for films and filmmaking.
In 1990, he attended Brandeis University. In 1994, he completed a master's degree at the Northern Film School in Leeds.

</doc>
<doc id="18341604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341604" title="Nessy Learning Programme">
Nessy Learning Programme

Nessy Learning Programme is an interactive, multi-media computer program, widely used in UK Primary Schools, that enables dyslexic students between 5 and 16 years to read, write and spell with confidence. It is developed and published by Net Educational Systems.

</doc>
<doc id="18341614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341614" title="Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association">
Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association

The Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association (NIAA) is the governing body of athletic programs for high schools in the state of Nevada. In addition, five schools in the state of California (Coleville, Needles, North Tahoe, South Tahoe, and Truckee) are also members as the schools are geographically isolated from other California schools.
It is a non-profit organization founded in 1922 as the Nevada Interscholastic League and became affiliated with the National Federation of State High School Associations in 1939. The league changed its name to the current form in 1967. The NIAA governs eligibility of student athletes, resolves disputes, organizes levels of competition by divisional separation of schools according to attendance population, and conducts state championship competitions in all the NIAA-sanctioned sports.
NIAA sanctioned sports.
The NIAA sponsors 24 sports, 13 for boys and 11 for girls. The seasons are broken down into three seasons (Fall, Winter, and Spring). One sport, girls' soccer, awards two championships per year as the girls' soccer season in Northern Nevada is during the Fall sports season, while the girls' soccer season in the Clark County School District in Southern Nevada is during the Winter sports season. The 24 sports are:
Girls.
Spring.
1-Only schools in Southern Nevada compete in this sport.<br>
2-Only schools in Northern Nevada compete in this sport.<br>
3-Only schools in Northern Nevada compete in girls soccer in the Fall season.<br>
4-Only schools in Southern Nevada compete in girls soccer in the Winter season.<br>
5-Girls may participate in the boys only sanctioned sports (football and wrestling), as there is no corresponding sport for them. However, they will play against males athletes if they do so.
2009-10 state champions.
Fall.
Cross Country.
The 2009 NIAA State Cross Country Championship Meet for all divisions occurred on November 7 at Rancho San Rafael Park in Reno, Nevada. In the 2A meet the individual girls' champion was Briana Drago of Incline and the boys' individual champion was Wade Meddles of Sierra Lutheran. Sierra Lutheran won the boys' team title and Incline won the girls' team title. In the 3A meet the individual girls' champion was Mariah Anthony of Fernley and the individual boys' champion was Josh Thompson of Moapa Valley, Lowry won the boys' team title and girls' team titles. In the 4A meet the girls' individual champion was Kelsey Smith of South Tahoe and the boys' individual champion was Richard Shroy of Carson. Carson won both the girls' and boys' team titles.
Football.
The 2009 Class 4A championship was between Sunset Region champion Bishop Gorman and Sunrise Region finalist Del Sol and was played on December 5 at Sam Boyd Stadium in Las Vegas, Nevada. Bishop Gorman had defeated the Northern Region champion Reed in the state semifinals, while Del Sol defeated Basic. Bishop Gorman won the state title 62–21. Bishop Gorman completed a perfect 15-0 season, while Del Sol finished 12-2. The Class 3A championship was between Southern Region top seed Moapa Valley and Northern Region top seed Truckee and was played on November 21 at Damonte Ranch High School in Reno, Nevada. Moapa Valley had reached the final after defeating the Northern Region second seed Fernley 43–0 in the state semifinals, while Truckee defeated the Southern Region second seed Boulder City 35–8. Truckee won the state championship game over Moapa Valley 27–0.
Golf (Girls).
The Class 4A state championship was completed on October 21 at Battle Creek Golf Club in Boulder City, Nevada, while the Class 3A state championship was held from October 21 through the 22nd at Boulder City Municipal Golf Course in the Boulder City, Nevada.
Spring.
Track and Field.
The 2011 NIAA State Track and Field Meet was held from May 20 to May 21 at Del Sol High School in Las Vegas, NV.
NIAA Award of Excellence.
The NIAA Award of Excellence, which began in 2001, is an award program that awards NIAA-affiliated schools points based on their varsity teams' performances in academics, athletics, and through the Citizens Through Sports program. Each of the three major categories in high school activities – academics, athletics and sportsmanship – are weighted equally, and boys and girls programs are combined in the standings table. Spirit points are added after the conclusion of the winter season and points are deducted for ejections and other unsportsmanlike conduct. The NIAA honors the winning school in each classification by presenting it with a championship banner and commemorative trophy. The NIAA considers the Award of Excellence in Academics, Athletics and Citizenship to be its top overall program.
The past champions include:

</doc>
<doc id="18341664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341664" title="Frank Shuter">
Frank Shuter

Franklin John (Frank) Shuter (born 17 June 1943 in Rotorua, New Zealand- died 12 July 1997) was a speedway rider who rode with, and was League Champion with each of the Swindon Robins, the Poole Pirates and the Exeter Falcons in the British League.
Career summary.
Shuter began riding at the Templeton Speedway in Christchurch in 1963. He moved to England in 1965 and joined the Swindon Robins. In 1969 he was transferred to the Poole Pirates. In late 1970 he returned to New Zealand and had a break from speedway for a year. Shuter won the New Zealand Championship in 1971. He returned to England in 1972 and rode for Poole again. The following year he was transferred to the Exeter Falcons. When Exeter won the League Championship in 1974 he became the first rider to win three league medals with different clubs. He retired from riding in the British League at the end of 1974 and moved to Israel. While living there he rode for a Rest of the World team v. U.S.A. in March 1976. He then moved to California to ride for the LA Sprockets in the American League. He was injured in a track accident and retired from speedway in May 1976.
In the late 1970s he established an engineering machining business called All Right Machining in Los Angeles which worked on engines and transmissions for aircraft companies. He later moved the business to Hemet, and in 1996 he sold it to the Stillen Company. He died in a traffic accident on 12 July 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18341673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341673" title="Brigands M.C.">
Brigands M.C.

Brigands M.C. is the eleventh novel in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore. It was released on 4 October 2008. A blue-cover edition of which only 8,499 copies were made was also produced. The special editions were only sold in W.H.Smith in the United Kingdom. Of developing the plot Robert Muchamore said:
"I also like to mix the books up, so while The General was very much a story about CHERUB agents and training, Brigands is totally focused on the story of a boy called Dante and a huge mission to infiltrate and bring down a dangerous biker gang."
Synopsis.
The book begins in 2003 with the death of Dante Scott's mother, father, older sister and brother at the hands of the Brigands M.C. South Devon President, Ralph "The Führer" Donnington, after Dante's father refuses to go through with the plans to redevelop the Brigands' clubhouse, turning it into shops and flats.
After saving his eighteen-month-old sister Holly from the burning house (the Führer attempted to burn the evidence), nine-year-old Dante escapes, is put under the wing of child psychologist Ross Johnson, and is questioned by police in an attempt to convict the Führer.
On the night of the murders he was forced into a boxing fight with Martin, the Führer's eldest son, and got blood on his shirt; he lies to the police, claiming that it was a nosebleed. Johnson realises that the defense solicitors could use the unreliability of his statement to clear the Führer. Much to Dante's fury, the courts decide that there is insufficient evidence to convict the Führer, and he is released.
After moving in with a foster family, a member of another Brigands chapter attempts to murder Dante with a bomb inside a toy car on his birthday. Shaken, Dante moves in under the care of Ross again. Dante is drugged by Jennifer Mitchum (the same person that drugged James Adams in "The Recruit") and is sent to CHERUB where he befriends Lauren Onions (soon to be changed to Lauren Adams).
Four and a half years later, biker Neil Smith tries to join Brigands M.C., hoping to uncover evidence of alleged arms smuggling activities. Unfortunately, the Führer unmasks Smith as undercover policeman Neil Gauche and stages a mock execution, warning the police against further investigation. Ross and Neil visit CHERUB campus and James Adams, Dante and Lauren are assigned to a mission to infiltrate the Brigands M.C. Chloe Blake is the mission controller, posing as the mother of the cherubs. Dante and Lauren make friends with Joe Donnington (the Führer's younger son).
Meanwhile James purchases a new bike, and is invited on a run with the Brigands to the Rebel Tea Party, a motorcycle convention in Cambridge. On the run, the Brigands are attacked by rival gang the Vengeful Bastards and James saves the life of Brigand Dirty Dave when a member of the Vengefuls tries to stab him with a sharpened hammer. At the same time, Neil and assistant mission controller Jake McEwen attempt to uncover a £600,000 weapons deal orchestrated by the Brigands by following Nigel Connor, a biker friend of James, and his friend Julian Hargreaves.
When James gets to the Tea Party, a biker war breaks out between the Brigands and three rival gangs (the Vengeful Bastards, Satan's Prodigy and the Bitch Slappers), but James manages to escape. Meanwhile Dante and Lauren end up at Joe's house party which is invaded by sixth formers ending in police being called after windows get broken and a fight breaks out between Joe, Dante, Lauren and the party-crashers.
After he and Nigel help the Brigands in smuggling arms into Britain, Julian gets scared and confesses to his father, who is a judge. This leads to armed police arresting McEwen and Neil, blowing the operation and McEwen assaulting a sergeant who insulted his intelligence, resulting in McEwen being forced to six months file sorting in the basement of CHERUB's mission building.
With the weapons deal blown and the CHERUB mission turning up few leads, the agents are sent back to campus. Before Dante leaves, he sneaks into the Führer's house, intent on killing him, but can't bring himself to do it and instead he carves a message into the Fürher's table that implies he is a member of the Vengeful Bastards. Dante also takes an old photograph from the Führer's study of his and the Führer's families together. James gets invited to become a stripper at Dirty Dave's Devon strip club (much to Lauren, Chloe, and Dante's amusement) but refuses and leaves.
Character developments.
James and Kerry kiss shortly before James leaves on his mission, but decide to wait until James returns before restarting their relationship. Although while on the mission James dates a girl and sleeps with another, he tells Kerry he was faithful to her and they begin dating at the end of the book.
Lauren and Rat argue about Lauren 'flirting' with Dante after his return to campus. While on the mission, Lauren is supposed to be dating Joe Donnington, but at one point she gets drunk and kisses Dante (despite their aliases in for the mission being twins). However, when she returns to campus she resumes her relationship with Rat. It is mentioned that Bethany is dating Bruce.

</doc>
<doc id="18341702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341702" title="Colin Hines">
Colin Hines

Colin Hines Colin Hines is the convenor of the Green New Deal group consisting of finance, tax, energy and environmental experts that he brought together in 2007. In July 2008, a few weeks before the Lehman Brothers crash they published their first report "A Green New Deal: joined up policies to solve the triple crunch of the credit crisis, climate change and high oil prices". In September 2013 they published A National Plan for the UK – From Austerity to the Age of the Green New Deal which detailed a £50 billion a year green infrastructure programme and how to fund it via ‘Green Quantitative Easing’ and a clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion. This would make every building in the country energy efficient, and build hundreds of thousands of new, affordable and energy-efficient homes. Such a huge programme would provide a massive boost in economic activity, but in a way which provides jobs on a living wage in every community in the UK, whilst reducing its environmental impact.
In early 2014 his new book ‘Progressive Protectionism’ will be published. This details why ever more open borders are increasing inequality, reducing economic activity and threatening the environment. It explains how countries could rebuild and rediversify their economies by limiting what finance, goods and people they allow to enter their borders, and in the process wean themselves off export dependence. Domestic businesses and funding sources would then meet the needs of the majority in society in all countries. The prospect of such increasing economic security for the majority could gain widespread political support ranging from those on the left, the centre, the greens through to small ‘c’ conservatives.
He is author of the book Localization- A Global Manifesto (Earthscan) and helped form Localise West Midlands which is putting localisation into practise on the ground. Localization would ensure that all goods, finance and services that can reasonably be provided locally should be. Depending on the context, the ‘local’ is predominantly defined as part of the nation state, although it can be the nation state itself or occasionally a regional grouping of nation states.
Before that he was the Co-ordinator of Greenpeace International's Economics Unit having worked for the organisation for 10 years. He has worked in the environmental movement for over 30 years on the issues of population, food, new technology and unemployment, nuclear proliferation. Most recently he has focused on the adverse environmental and social effects of international trade and the need to solve these problems by replacing globalisation with localization.

</doc>
<doc id="18341714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341714" title="Sunset 4A Region">
Sunset 4A Region

The Sunset 4A Region is a part of the Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association and is one of two conferences in Southern Nevada 4A high school athletics. The Sunset Region consists of large schools in the western parts of Las Vegas and North Las Vegas and Pahrump, Nevada. There are two division in the Sunset 4A Region, Northwest and Southwest. The Sunset 4A Region was a part of the Southern Nevada 4-A Region, until the conference was divided into two separate regions due to the constant expansion and development of new high schools in the Las Vegas metro. 
For the 2008-09 school year, the conference welcomed two new members, Pahrump Valley High School from Pahrump, Nevada who moved up from the class 3A and Desert Oasis High School which opened in southwest Las Vegas in the fall of 2008. Desert Oasis was an independent in football for the 2008 season before joining the Southwest Division as a full-time football member in 2009. They participate in the Southwest Division in all other sports. Pahrump Valley is a full member of the Southwest Division in all sports. Faith Lutheran High School moved from 3A to 4A at the beginning of the 2009-10 school year and is a member of the Northwest Division.
Current members.
The Meadows School has affiliate member status in boys and girls tennis. It has a K-12 enrollment of 763 and competes at the 2A level in other sports.
Proposed realignment.
In June 2011, the NIAA's Southern Realignment Committee approved a realignment of Sunset 4A Region, Sunrise 4A Region and Southern 3A Region that would place 24 teams from Class 4A into Class 4A–Division I and 13 teams, including 3A members Boulder City, Moapa Valley and Virgin Valley, into Class 4A–Division II. The teams were placed into divisions using a point-based rubric that took into account each school's finish in all sports for the 2009–10 and 2010–11 school years. Points were awarded for qualifying for the postseason in most sports, with higher point totals awarded for postseason victories and teams that won region or state titles.
The proposal will be discussed by the NIAA's Board of Governors in late June 2011 and is expected to be approved by the board in October 2011 at a meeting in Las Vegas scheduled for October 2011.
The proposed lineup for the two divisions for the Sunset 4A Region are:
Sports.
The Sunset 4A Region sponsors thirteen sports divided into three seasons: Fall, Winter, and Spring.
Sports that are competed during the Fall Season include:
Sports that are competed during the Winter Season include:
Sports that are competed during the Spring Season include:
Several sports including Roller Hockey and Lacrosse are sponsored by some of the conference's schools but are independent of the NIAA and the Sunset Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="18341717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341717" title="BM-24">
BM-24

The BM-24 is a multiple rocket launcher designed in the Soviet Union. It is capable of launching 240mm rockets from 12 launch tubes. Versions of the BM-24 have been mounted on the ZIL-151 6x6 Truck chassis and the AT-S tracked artillery tractor.

</doc>
<doc id="18341730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341730" title="Evgeniy Najer">
Evgeniy Najer

Evgeniy Najer (born 22 June 1977) is a Russian chess Grandmaster. In 2002 he shared the victory of the U.S. Open Chess Championship with Gennadi Zaichik and in 2003 won the Moscow City Chess Championship.
He tied for 1st–6th with Kaido Külaots, Artyom Timofeev, Zoltan Gyimesi, Sergey Grigoriants and Oleg Korneev at the Cappelle-la-Grande Open 2004. In the same year he tied for 1st–3rd with Michael Roiz and Leonid Gofshtein in the Ashdod Chess Festival. In 2007 he tied for 1st–2nd with Vasily Yemelin in the 3rd Moscow Open tournament. In both 2008 and 2009 he won the World Open in Philadelphia. In July 2009, he tied for first with Robert Fontaine in the Paleohora Open Tournament. In 2010, he tied for 2nd–5th with Michael Adams, Victor Mikhalevski and Jiří Štoček the 14th Chicago Open.
He was one of the seconds of Gata Kamsky in his 2009 match against Veselin Topalov.
Najer is Jewish.

</doc>
<doc id="18341735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341735" title="George Bryson Sr.">
George Bryson Sr.

George Bryson (December 13, 1813 – January 13, 1900) was a Scottish-born businessman and political figure in Quebec.
He was born in Paisley, the son of James Bryson and Jane Cochrane, and came to Upper Canada with his parents in 1821. In 1835, he moved to the area near Fort-Coulonge in Lower Canada, where he entered the timber trade. In 1845, he married Robina Cobb. Bryson was mayor of Mansfield-et-Pontefract from 1855 to 1857 and from 1862 to 1867. He also served as justice of the peace, postmaster for Fort Coulonge and warden for Pontiac County. In 1857, he was elected to represent Pontiac in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada in a by-election held after the death of John Egan, but the assembly was dissolved before he took his seat. Bryson was defeated in the general election that followed in 1858. In 1867, he was named to the province's Legislative Council for Inkerman division. He helped establish the Bank of Ottawa, later serving as a director, and promoted the development of railway links in the region. Bryson retired from politics in 1887 and died in Fort-Coulonge at the age of 86.
His brother Thomas was elected to the legislative assembly. Bryson's son John served in the House of Commons and his son George also served in the province's Legislative Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18341737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341737" title="Nicholas Georgiadis">
Nicholas Georgiadis

Nicholas Georgiadis CBE (14 September 1923, Athens – 10 March 2001, London) was a painter, stage and costume designer, renowned for his work in ballet, particularly in collaboration with Kenneth MacMillan.
Early life.
Georgiadis studied architecture at the National Metsovian University, receiving his degree in 1946, and later won a Fulbright Post-Graduate Scholarship to Columbia University, New York (1952). The following year, he came to London to study Painting and Stage Design at the Slade School of Fine Art, on a grant from the British Council.
Professional career.
In 1955, he won the school’s First Prize for Stage Design, which led to his discovery by Dame Ninette de Valois and his commission to design for the Sadler's Wells Theatre, London. This marked the beginning of a professional partnership between Georgiadis and Kenneth MacMillan that was to last for almost four decades.
From 1956, to his death in 2001, Georgiadis worked on some of the most acclaimed productions in ballet, opera and theatre. For MacMillan, he designed a great number of ballets, including "Noctambules" (1956), "Romeo and Juliet" (1965), "Manon" (1974), "Mayerling" (1978), "Orpheus" (1982) and "The Prince of the Pagodas" (1989). Many of these productions continue to be performed to this day, both at the Royal Opera House, London, and internationally. He also collaborated closely with Rudolf Nureyev on such works as "Sleeping Beauty" (1966), "The Nutcracker" (1968), "The Tempest" (1982) and Michael Conway Baker's "Washington Square" (1985).
Sir John Tooley, former General Director of the Royal Opera House (1970–1988), described him as "one of the most outstanding stage designers of the past century ... a giant and a poet amongst designers dominated the second half of the twentieth century in the way that Léon Bakst and Alexandre Benois had done in the first part."
Georgiadis worked actively up until his death on 10 March 2001 in London. He never married.
Outside his work in the theatre, he was an accomplished painter who had exhibited in Venice and London. He also had a passion for cinema and worked on a number of film projects, the most famous of which is "The Trojan Women" (1971), starring Katharine Hepburn, Vanessa Redgrave and Irene Papas.
Achievements and Awards.
He received the Order of the British Empire for his contribution to the arts in 1984. He had been awarded the London Evening Standard Ballet Award the previous year for his work on "Orpheus" and "The Tempest" — the first time a designer had received this outstanding achievement award. In 1999, he was admitted to the Greek Academy of Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="18341739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341739" title="Hermann Wedekind">
Hermann Wedekind

Hermann Wedekind (July 18, 1910, Coesfeld, Westphalia - January 16, 1998, Wadern) was an artistic director at Festspiele Balver Höhle in the years 1985 - 1996.
Vita.
Formerly he was a theatre director in Saarbrücken where he met Oskar Lafontaine. The director Michael Wedekind is a son of Hermann Wedekind.
Stations.
Hermann Wedekind was director of the Stadttheater, Basel in 1955-56
References.
war leiert mit Ilse karmann 

</doc>
<doc id="18341741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341741" title="Jean Gainche">
Jean Gainche

Jean Gainche (Remingol, 12 August 1932) was a French professional road bicycle racer. In 1958, Gainche won the 4th stage of the Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18341755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341755" title="George Bryson">
George Bryson

George Bryson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18341760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341760" title="Steve DaSilva">
Steve DaSilva

Steve DaSilva (born February 10, 1987 in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian ice hockey player who currently plays for the Lloydminster Border Kings of the Chinook Hockey League. He previously played for the Saskatchewan Huskies of the CIS and the Kootenay Ice of the Western Hockey League (WHL).

</doc>
<doc id="18341770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341770" title="Sunrise 4A Region">
Sunrise 4A Region

The Sunrise 4A Region is a part of the Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association and is one of two conferences in Southern Nevada 4A high school athletics. The Sunrise Region consists of large schools in Henderson, Nevada and on the eastern parts of Las Vegas and North Las Vegas, Nevada. There are two division in the Sunrise 4A Region, Northeast and Southeast. The Sunrise 4A Region was a part of the Southern Nevada 4-A Region, until the conference was divided into two separate regions before the 2000-01 school year due to the constant expansion and development of new high schools in the Las Vegas Valley.
A new school, Sunrise Mountain High School, will be joining the Northeast Division during the 2009-10 school year. Per NIAA sanctions, Sunrise Mountain will be an Independent member during the 2009 football season and will be unable to compete for the 4A State Championship until the 2010 football season. Sunrise Mountain will be a full NIAA member in all other sports sponsored by the NIAA and will be able to compete in postseason play if they qualify.
Current members.
Of these schools; Rancho, Las Vegas, Eldorado and Basic are charter members of the Sunrise 4A League, and are former "Sunrise Division" schools along with Western High School. Chaparral and Valley, former members of the "Sunset Division", joined the league in the 1990s.
Moapa Valley High School and Boulder City High School have affiliate member status in tennis.
Enrollment figures as reported in each school's Clark County School District 2009–10 School Accountability Summary Report. Sunrise Mountain's enrollment figures based on that reported by an independent source.
Proposed realignment.
In June 2011, the NIAA's Southern Realignment Committee approved a realignment of Sunrise 4A Region, Sunset 4A Region and Southern 3A Region that would place 24 teams from Class 4A into Class 4A–Division I and 13 teams, including 3A members Boulder City, Moapa Valley and Virgin Valley, into Class 4A–Division II. The teams were placed into divisions using a point-based rubric that took into account each school's finish in all sports for the 2009–10 and 2010–11 school years. Points were awarded for qualifying for the postseason in most sports, with higher point totals awarded for postseason victories and teams that won region or state titles.
The proposal will be discussed by the NIAA's Board of Governors in late June 2011 and is expected to be approved by the board in October 2011 at a meeting in Las Vegas scheduled for October 2011.
The proposed lineup for the two divisions for the Sunrise 4A Region are:
Sports.
The Sunrise 4A Region sponsors thirteen sports divided into three seasons: Fall, Winter, and Spring.
Sports that are competed during the Fall Season include:
Sports that are competed during the Winter Season include:
Sports that are competed during the Spring Season include:
Several sports including Roller Hockey and Lacrosse are sponsored by some of the conference's schools but are independent of the NIAA and the Sunrise Conference.
Football rivalries.
There are seven prominent football rivals involving schools within the Sunrise 4A region; one, the Bone Game between Las Vegas and Rancho, is the oldest, continual football rivalry in the state, starting in the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="18341774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341774" title="BM-25 (MRL)">
BM-25 (MRL)

The BM-25 is a multiple rocket launcher designed in the Soviet Union. It is capable of launching 250 mm rockets from six launch tubes.

</doc>
<doc id="18341820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341820" title="Wolf of Gysinge">
Wolf of Gysinge

The Wolf of Gysinge was a man-eating wolf which, in three months, attacked and killed many children in Gysinge near central Sweden in the early 1820s. 
Attacks.
During a three-month period between December 30, 1820 and March 27, 1821, the wolf attacked 31 people, which resulted in a total of 12 fatalities, most of whom were partially consumed by the wolf. The attacks occurred near Gysinge in Uppland, near the border of Dalarna and Gästrikland in central Sweden.
With the exception of one 19-year old woman, all victims of fatal attacks were children between the ages of three and a half, and 15; in addition, the 15 injured victims were mostly children, except for one 18-year old male.
Wolf.
The wolf was killed on March 27, 1821. Historical accounts indicate that before becoming a man-eater, the wolf was captured as a pup in 1817, and kept in captivity for several years before escaping. In captivity, wolves tend to lose their natural shyness of humans and thus attack more frequently after escape from captivity.
Dramatisation.
The incident was dramatised in the BBC Two TV series Manhunters in the final episode, "The Man-Eating Wolves of Gysinge," which aired on 16 December 2005. The episode took artistic liberty in portraying the number of wolves involved in the attacks, showing two animals instead of one. The man-eating wolves were portrayed by Czechoslovakian Wolfdogs.

</doc>
<doc id="18341823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341823" title="Rae Hoffenberg">
Rae Hoffenberg

Rae Hoffenberg is a designer. She is known from Durban's Bay of Plenty to London's Waterfront.
After travelling to South Africa from Kaunas with her parents as a six-month-old baby, Rae Bank grew up in Johannesburg. She studied art history and drama in South Africa with the renowned Taubie Kushlick.
Her late husband, Leon Hoffenberg was involved in various areas of the family Empire, Brema Estates in Port Elizabeth, cinemas, distributing 20th Century Fox films, property development, export of wool hides and skins, tannery, and salt pans for curing the hides. Leon and Rae had three daughters. They moved to Durban where Leon managed a branch of the family business and Rae became an internationally celebrated interior designer. She played a key role in the re-development of Docklands and warehouse conversions. She is currently working on having her screenplay produced.
Early career.
Rae appeared in many theatre productions in Durban. She starred in Cocteau's "The Eagle Has Two Heads", directed by David Barnett in 1962, described by critics as 'powerful' and as 'dominating the production'. She played Thea in Anne Freed's production of "Black Chiffon" in 1958 and starred in "On Monday Next" by Philip King, produced by Robert Holness in March and April 1960.
Rae's early goal was to make South African home-makers more conscious of their interiors, introducing excitingly modern and intriguing designs for furniture and fabrics.
She was instrumental in introducing a new lifestyle in the country, which hitherto had been steeped in the traditional European style unsuited for the South African climate. She pioneered open plan architecture, introduced the Contemporary Classics in furniture and fabric designs, today exhibited in the modern museums throughout the world. Adapting design to climate, using new colour combinations and promoting the mix of antique and contemporary furniture design, Rae passionately brought the exciting world of design to Durban. In South African newspaper, The Daily News, Rae's decorating advice appeared throughout the 1960s. Featured in The Natal Mercury in 1968 are a collection of the very latest trends of women's fashion which she imported from the pulse centres of Europe. The demi-couture garments found a home in a new boutique called "Therese" after her eldest daughter and which Rae established in her Durban Decorating centre.
Rae's Durban properties 21 Portland Crescent and country house, Onverwacht in the Drakensberg appeared in numerous fashion, interior and design magazines, often as the main target of extensive articles and photographs of her interiors. Her opinion on interior design was highly sought after in South Africa as she owned design shops in Durban and Johannesburg in which she displayed furniture, ceramics, fabrics and also fashion garments from Europe. Travelling often to attend conferences and discover new talents, "Homes and Gardens" titled her 'one of South Africa's best-known and most progressive interior decorators'. The article continues by emphasizing Rae's interest in comfortable living and not only museum style show-pieces. Additionally, the article evokes Rae's passion for art collecting, Rae began collecting at 18 with a rare edition of Picasso lithographs and now has works by artists who include Miró, Max Ernst, Braque'. This art collecting continues throughout her career, in 1992, the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool exhibited an Arturo Di Stefano from her collection.
Writing articles herself, 'New Ideas in Furnishing Today' in "Artlook" magazine depicts her views of society and reaction to modern furniture. She shows excitement for new forms and materials, refusing the idea of 'specific styles'. The controversy at the time lay in the pricing of furniture Rae Hoffenberg would import and sell in her Braamfontein and Durban emporiums, whilst most people would spend R1000 on a lounge-suite, her special designer pieces fetched R4000. She is described as believing in the much respected design trinity for her concept: function, comfort and aesthetic beauty. A firm believer in quality, master craftsmanship and expensive materials for furniture, she introduced South Africa to more than a specific style or a price-tag but to value, art and concept in interior decorating.
Grande dame of the docks.
After moving to London in 1973, Rae discovered Docklands and her quest for space, light and panoramic views could be made possible in the abandoned wharves on the banks of the river Thames. She fought local bureaucrats for three years to change the use from commercial to residential, creating a precedent and opening the floodgates to Docklands development. She has been the pivotal figure in a multibillion metamorphosis taking place in London. Canary Wharf rises a scant distance from Rae Hoffenberg's window. Her restoration of a derelict terrace of Thames side wharves has attracted the great and the good, David Lean amongst them. He had led a peripatetic life until he saw Rae's wharf conversions. It's where he settled, worked on his film "Passage to India" and where he died. She has earned the praise of no less a stern critic of the "carbuncles" of modern architecture than Prince Charles. In his T.V. architecture programme the Prince singled out Mrs. Hoffenberg's conversions as having "more human scale" than much in Dockland Architecture.
Rae's properties in Docklands have often appeared in magazines and newspapers, for the original location and the interior design. An article in "The Daily News" 'A Rae of light in Docklands' states: 'One of the prime movers in the transformation of London's Docklands near the Tower Bridge into a very fashionable living area today, is former Durban interior designer Rae Hoffenberg.' The article in the Lifestyle section defends a British newspaper remark that Rae's flat is 'the most beautiful flat in London', arguing how she has combined open-plan interiors, flower-laden balconies, brick, steel and original timbers to enhance the beauty of a river front Victorian warehouse Extremely praised, she has been described in a variety of ways: 'legendary, brilliant, visionary, pioneering, avant garde, passionately involved, etc. She has ideatic capability, from a family in engineering, building and development.'
'Queen of the London Docklands', 'Rae of Hope' or 'Grande Dame of the Docks' she pioneered the development of Docklands, battling for planning permission over three years, she refuses to be labelled with only one style: 'In the 60's she dazzled Durban with her interior décor ideas, then becoming the toast of the Thames, an interior designer of note, an expert at warehouse conversions, someone who excels at turning the mundane into the magnificent'. 'Docklands is the Future' she once said to an Evening Standard reporter, visualising the opportunity she adamantly believed in. Her home photographed as example of her vast ambitions, open spaces and indoor gardens, a mix of modern and old, harmony.
In "Harpers and Queens" Rae's achievements are again celebrated: 'The princess of warehouse reawakeners, and arguably the best architect alive today, is Rae Hoffenberg, who created the precedent for warehouse conversions in Docklands when she bought some derelict tea warehouses on Narrow Street in Limehouse in 1973 and converted them into flats.' The article continues to describe her use of glass and windows to flood spaces with natural light. Rae Hoffenberg converted three warehouses into thirteen flats over eight years, by the time this article came out. Two years later, she had just finished a fourth conversion. Peter Turlick, Director for Industrial Development of the London Docklands Development Corporation at the time said 'Mrs Hoffenberg is recognised as being the sparkling light in Docklands'. Without her belief in the potential of these warehouses, they would have been demolished.
Fighting for docklands.
Rae Hoffenberg has spent many years of her career battling and campaigning for her beliefs and projects, 'Docklands catalyst' she has argued the need for the development of the waterfront since the 1970s. She fought for years to persuade planners to invest in a destination with regard to the environment, residential use, shops, cafés, rives sport and entertainment spaces, all with a public river frontage. In an interview with Peter York for the BBC she explains her battle. Years of correspondence with the LDDC, Wapping Neighbourhood and Tower Hamlets proved to be unsuccessful at first, however they eventually realised the potential of the neighbourhood, visible in what the area has become today. Rae Hoffenberg's ability to visualise and the strength to pursue and battle for what she believed in She started the movement to give Docklands a new lease of life. Whilst most developers had given up. Rae campaigned alone to revitalise the East End's river, it was at a time when the Docks were being consolidated at Tilbury. The traditional Dockland communities were moving away and the local authorities had no forward plans for the area. Rae's application for planning permission was bounced back and forth between the GLC and the local council incessantly. In the end she took her case to the Environment Secretary and obtained consent for a change of use after 'knocking on numerous doors'.
As suggested, Rae Hoffenberg has not only fought for the conversion of warehouses but for the change of the entire neighbourhood. Opposing West India Quay Development Company Ltd plans for West India Quay, she promoted the creation of a 'central focal point, or social focus', a place where people can relax, shop and eat or drink. Her scheme offered a cinema, restaurants, piazzas, museums, workshops, galleries, etc. An artist's impression of her view in 1997 more accurately displays what West India Quay has become today. In 1999 she led a protest to block a new development on Narrow Street, vowing to build barricades. After purchasing Old Sun Wharf she fought for public access to the riverfront and demanded a co-operation between the public and private sectors over inner-city development. Without such a co-operation the area would be wasted. In 2003 she fought against the injustice of an increase in council tax by 17.2%, stating that she was prepared to go to prison but would not pay her council tax. Amongst other protestors she was taken to court by Tower Hamlets, again fighting for the well-being of the community of which she is a member.
From property and politics to today.
As Rae Hoffenberg continues to live in Docklands and care for the area she helped create. Since her husband's death in 1984 she has concentrated on writing plays and a novel. She is currently working on the production of a semi-autobiographical screenplay she has written called "Loving Madly". The locations are set in South Africa and London's Docklands. She continues to visit South Africa regularly.

</doc>
<doc id="18341824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341824" title="Circuit d'Albi">
Circuit d'Albi

The Circuit d'Albi is a motorsport race track near the small South Western French town of Le Sequestre. The circuit has 70 years of history in motor-racing [http://destinationsflen.eurostar.com/sisp/?event_id=13040&fx=event].

</doc>
<doc id="18341853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341853" title="Udim">
Udim

Udim (, "lit." Firebrands) is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Netanya, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaSharon Regional Council. In 2012 it had a population of 1,229.
The moshav was established in 1948 by Holocaust survivors. Its name is taken from , and symbolises the fact that the founders were survivors of the Holocaust;
And the LORD said unto Satan: 'The LORD rebuke thee, O Satan, yea, the LORD that hath chosen Jerusalem rebuke thee; is not this man a brand plucked out of the fire?
Nature reserve.
South-east of the moshav is a nature reserve, first declared in 1967, and expanded in 1997, 140 dunams in total. The reserve is in an old quarry, where the water table has risen, allowing a concentration of aquatic plants to flourish. Flora includes "Salix acmophylla" and Tamarix trees, "Rubus sanguineus", Reeds, and Cattails.

</doc>
<doc id="18341859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341859" title="Tino Sabbadini">
Tino Sabbadini

Tino Sabbadini (Monsempron-Libos, 21 August 1928 — Monsempron-Libos, 7 November 2002) was a French professional road bicycle racer. He won the fourth stage of the 1958 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18341868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341868" title="Manigramam, Tamil Nadu">
Manigramam, Tamil Nadu

Manigramam is a village in Nagapattinam district in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is located 25 km from Mayiladuthurai (Mayuram), 18 km from Sirkali, 5 km from Poompuhar, 2 km from Thiruvengadu. Famous Thirumani Azhagar temple is located in this village. Other than this, Mariyamman temple, PiraiVeeran temple, Mosque and Church decorate the village.
Nearest Railway Station : Sirkazhi, Mayiladuthurai 
Nearest Airport : Tiruchy

</doc>
<doc id="18341869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341869" title="All Nepal National Independent Students Union (Sixth)">
All Nepal National Independent Students Union (Sixth)

All Nepal National Free Students Union (Sixth) () was a students organisation in Nepal. It is the students wing of the Communist Party of Nepal (Fourth Convention), later of the Communist Party of Nepal (Unity Centre). In 2002, ANNFSU (Sixth) merged with the All Nepal National Independent Students Union (2022) (the students wing of Communist Party of Nepal (Masal), which had split off from ANNFSU (Sixth) in 1983) and formed the All Nepal National Independent Students Union (United).

</doc>
<doc id="18341871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341871" title="Darmstadt-Eberstadt">
Darmstadt-Eberstadt

Eberstadt is the southern-most borough of Darmstadt in Hessen, Germany with a population of 21,687 (as of 2007-12-31).
Geography.
In the north Eberstadt borders to the boroughs of Bessungen and Darmstadt-West, in the east and south to the municipalities Mühltal, Seeheim-Jugenheim and in the west to the town of Pfungstadt. Eberstadt is a part of the Bergstraße. Between Eberstadt and Zwingenberg it splits into the "Old" and "New" Bergstraße (Bundesstraße 3).
Statistical districts.
There are 5 statistical districts subdividing Eberstadt:
Structure.
Eberstadt spreads mainly along Heidelberger Landstraße. This corresponds to the course of the tramline to Darmstadt. At its historical village centre (Alt-Eberstadt) is the old intersection between the north-southern-tended Heidelberger Landstraße, the eastbound Mühltalstraße and the westbound Pfungstädter Straße. In former times this point marked the cross-point of Bundesstraße 3 and Bundestraße 426, but both interregional important roads were later moved outside the town as bypass.
Eberstadt spreads out mainly northwards from the centre in direction to Darmstadt. In all other directions around the centre it spread evenly, so that today it has a form of a bottle lined up to the north. This development is comparable to other towns in the circle around Darmstadt like Griesheim or Weiterstadt.
Villenkolonie.
The Villenkolonie, marking the bond between Alt-Eberstadt and Darmstadt(-Bessungen), is the northern "bottle-neck" of Eberstadt.
It follows in the direction from Darmstadt to Eberstadt the housing areas of the U.S. Army Garrison Darmstadt around Cambrai-Fritsch Kaserne.
This upscale residential area is located mainly eastwards from Heidelberger Landstraße at the northern Odenwald-slopes. According to inscriptions at some villas, they were built around the turn of the 19th to the 20th century. The northern parts are built in a former forest, so there are many trees between the houses, which gives the area the typical quiet, shady environment.
Alt-Eberstadt.
Alt-Eberstadt is the oldest part of Eberstadt. Contrary to Villenkolonie the houses here are predominantly build wall-on-wall. Some houses in Oberstraße and Heidelberger Landstraße are older than 300 years. 
Many of these old buildings provide an insight into an agricultural past of the village. Along the Heidelberger Landstraße are three notable points in Alt-Eberstadt, all of them are also tramstations.
The northernmost first is the town-centre, which is at Wartehalle, the central bus- & tramstation. From this point southwards is the shoppingstreet of Eberstadt, which runs up to the second notable point, the Modaubrücke, where the Heidelberger Landstraße crosses the creek Modau, and the intersection of north-south and east-west roads is located. The Protestant church, first mentioned in 1379, marks the third point. It is build upon a hill, where it can be seen from all directions, making it a landmarks of Eberstadt.
History.
Eberstadt was in the time of Charlemagne a small town South of the River Vltava, at the intersection of two trade routes, one was a Roman road from Ladenburg. The first documentary mention of Eberstadt is in a document about Walther and Gemahlin Williswind at the Lorsch Abbey, dated 1 September 782. 
In the 13th Century Lords of Frankenstein came to Eberstadt. It remained for over 400 years the possession Lords of Frankenstein. The Frankenstein Castle is first mentioned in 1252. 
In the year 1292 the Frankensteins opened the castle to the counts of Katzenelnbogen (County of Katzenelnbogen) Katzenelnbogen and leagued with them.
The Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt to acquired the residence in 1661. Latert the Frankenstein owner sold their property and moved to Middle Franconia.
The Thirty Year War was hard on Eberstadt. On January 1635, the city was burned down by French troops almost completely. Only a few houses remained standing. The surviving inhabitants fled behind the walls of the Darmstadt, where many of them died of the plague. By the end of the war in 1648 very few remained in Eberstadt, it took 40 year to rebuild the community. 
In the 18th Century much improved came to Eberstadt. The tourist came to Eberstadt along with new trade and commerce. The main road saw a many new inns. 
In the 19th Century saw new industrialization, along with the new Main-Neckar-Bahn. The population rose sharply. Built in 1847 the Eberstadt City Hall still stands.
In 1936 as a cross-country train running to Seeheim and Jugenheim was installed
On 1 April 1937 the then independent Eberstadt municipality became part of Darmstadt.
Coat of arms.
The Eberstädter coat of arms goes back to the seal of Lords of Frankenstein Court. The oldest evidence of this seal is from the October 1617 and shows a boar with three acorns.
The present coat of arms in use today was established in 1972. It shows a boar in the upper field and acorns at the bottom. The upper half of the shield is yellow, the lower black, the boar dark red, his tusks are white. With the colors red and gold are from the Lords of Frankenstein.
The oldest seal impressions is from 1617. The name Eberstadt, can possibly be attributed to a name, probably of that the Frankish nobleman, who in the 7th or early 8th Century founded the settlement.
Transportation.
Roads.
Eberstadt is situated at the Bundesautobahn 5 at the next exit just southwards the Autobahn-interchange Darmstädter Kreuz.
Bundesstraße 3 tangents Eberstadt southbound to Bensheim and northbound to Darmstadt city. The southbound part of B3 is the new Bergstraße.
Besides B3 tangents the east-western-directed Bundestraße 426 Eberstadt. This is one of the major connections from the Bundesautobahn 5 to the Odenwald. In eastern direction it connects Eberstadt to Mühltal, Ober-Ramstadt and the Odenwald, in western direction to Pfungstadt and Gernsheim.
Trams & Buses.
The train station with Regionalbahn-connections to Frankfurt, Heidelberg and Darmstadt is outside the town-centre. 
At Wartehalle, the central bus & tram-station, are given tram-connections to Darmstadt-city and the northern parts of the Bergstraße, e.g. Seeheim-Jugenheim, Alsbach and bus connections to Mühltal and Pfungstadt both with the regional transportation company RMV. The bus VIA25227, Bus P and Bus PE serve the town.
Trams in Darmstadt service Eberstadt, lines 1, 6 and 7 travel to Eberstadt. Lines 6 and 7 continue on to Alsbach-Hähnlein
Boroughs of Darmstadt.
Darmstadt has 9 official 'Stadtteile' (boroughs). These are, alphabetically:
Sister cities.
As borough of Darmstadt, Eberstadt has no sister cities, so sister cities are a matter of whole the city of Darmstadt(see Darmstadt's sister cities). In a development area at the southeastern border (district Am Frankenstein), some streets are named according to Darmstadt's sister cities, e.g. Chesterfieldstraße or Grazstraße.

</doc>
<doc id="18341879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341879" title="Russula sardonia">
Russula sardonia

Russula sardonia, commonly known as the primrose brittlegill, is a mushroom of the "Russula" genus, which are commonly known as brittlegills. The fruiting body, or mushroom, is a reddish-purple, the colour of blackberry juice, and is found in coniferous woodland in summer and autumn. It is inedible, and like many inedible members of the genus, has a hot, peppery taste.
Taxonomy.
It was given its present binomial name by the eminent Swedish mycologist Elias Magnus Fries in 1838. The specific epithet "sardonia", from the Greek, means bitter or acrid, and is a reference to its taste. "Russula drimeia" described by Mordecai Cubitt Cooke in 1881, "R. chrysodacryon" by Rolf Singer in 1923, and "R. emeticiformis" by William Alphonso Murrill in 1938, are synonyms. The name has also been applied to what is now considered "R. queletii".
Description.
The cap grows to around 10 cm (4 in) in diameter. It is commonly purplish-red, but brownish, and greenish forms have been recorded. Usually it is darker in colour towards the middle, which is convex when young, but becomes depressed in the centre with age. The stem is occasionally white, but more commonly is flushed with pale purple-red, and has a grape-like; easily removed bloom. It is 3–8 cm tall and 1–1.5 cm in diameter. The adnexed to slightly decurrent gills are pale primrose yellow, and they darken with age. They are narrow, and exude water droplets when young.(see photograph left) They also turn slowly pink when ammonia is dropped onto them. This identifies the mushroom to species level, and is a ‘must do’ test for the rarer colour forms. The spore print is cream. The flesh is firm, and has a very hot taste, making the mushroom inedible. 
Distribution and habitat.
"Russula sardonia" appears in late summer and autumn; growing with "Pinus" (pine) in coniferous woodland, on sandy soils. It is a common mushroom, and is found across Britain, and Northern Europe. It does not occur in North America.
Edibility.
This mushroom is inedible, and has a 'pepper hot' taste. Many similar-tasting Russulas are poisonous when eaten raw. The symptoms are mainly gastrointestinal in nature: diarrhoea, vomiting and colicky abdominal cramps. The active agent has not been identified but thought to be sesquiterpenes, which have been isolated from this species and the related genus "Lactarius".
See also.
List of "Russula" species

</doc>
<doc id="18341883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341883" title="George Bryson Jr.">
George Bryson Jr.

George Bryson (July 20, 1852 – May 8, 1937) was a Quebec lumber merchant and political figure. He served as a member of the Legislative Council of Quebec for Inkerman division from 1887 to 1937 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Fort-Coulonge, the son of George Bryson and Robina Cobb, and was educated at the British American Commercial College in Toronto and the Montreal Military College. Bryson was a director for the Bank of Ottawa (later the Bank of Nova Scotia). In 1875, he married Helen, the daughter of James Craig, an Ontario MPP. Bryson was mayor of Mansfield and Pontefract from 1891 to 1892 and from 1894 to 1895. He was named a minister without portfolio in the province's cabinet in 1931 and became government leader for the Legislative Council in 1932. He died in office in Ottawa at the age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="18341915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341915" title="Burundi at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
Burundi at the 2008 Summer Olympics

Burundi competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18341938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341938" title="Atelestidae">
Atelestidae

Atelestidae is a family of true flies in the superfamily Empidoidea. These four genera were placed in a separate family in 1983. They were formerly either in Platypezidae (which are not even particularly closely related) or considered "incertae cedis". But while they are doubtless the most basal of the living Empidoidea, the monophyly of the family is not fully proven. The genus "Nemedina" seems to represent a most ancient lineage among the entire superfamily, while "Meghyperus" is probably not monophyletic in its present delimitation, and it is liable to be split up eventually, with some species being placed elsewhere.
Atelestidae are small (2–3 mm) greyish-dusted flies. They have a disjunct distribution, being found in both the Holarctic and southern Neotropical regions (Chile).

</doc>
<doc id="18341942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341942" title="Burkina Faso at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
Burkina Faso at the 2008 Summer Olympics

Burkina Faso competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18341944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341944" title="The Definitive Collection (Whitesnake album)">
The Definitive Collection (Whitesnake album)

The Definitive Collection is a Whitesnake compilation album. Released in 2006, this album features most of the band's biggest hits on one CD. A 2-CD Gold compilation was also released not long after. 

</doc>
<doc id="18341963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18341963" title="Martin Bryant (programmer)">
Martin Bryant (programmer)

Martin Bryant (born 1958) is a British computer programmer known as the author of "White Knight" and "Colossus Chess", a 1980s commercial chess-playing program, and "Colossus Draughts", gold medal winner at the 2nd Computer Olympiad in 1990.
Computer chess.
Bryant started developing his first chess program – later named "White Knight" – in 1976. This program won the European Microcomputer Chess Championship in 1983, and was commercially released, in two versions (' and ') for the BBC Micro and Acorn Electron in the early 1980s. "White Knight" featured a then-novel display of principal variation – called "Best line" – that would become commonplace in computer chess.
Bryant used "White Knight" as a basis for development of "Colossus Chess" (1983), a chess-playing program that was published for a large number of home computer platforms in the 1980s, and was later ported to Atari ST, Amiga and IBM PC as "Colossus Chess X". "Colossus Chess" sold well and was well-received, being described by the "Zzap!64" magazine in 1985 as "THE best chess implementation yet to hit the 64, and indeed possibly any home micro".
Bryant later released several versions of his Colossus chess engine conforming to the UCI standard. The latest version was released in 2008 as Colossus 2008b.
Computer draughts.
After chess, Bryant's interests turned to computer draughts. His program, "Colossus Draughts", won the West of England championship in June 1990, thus becoming the first draughts program to win a human tournament. In August of the same year it won the gold medal at the 2nd Computer Olympiad, beating "Chinook", a strong Canadian program, into second place.
"Chinook"'s developers, headed by Jonathan Schaeffer, recognized "Colossus"' opening book as its major strength; it contained 40,000 positions compared to "Chinook"'s 4,500, and relied on Bryant's research that had found flaws in the established draughts literature. In 1993, an agreement was made to trade "Colossus"' opening book for the "Chinook"'s six-piece databases; Bryant also accepted the offer to join the "Chinook" development team. In August 1994, "Chinook" played a match against World Champion Marion Tinsley and world number two Don Lafferty (after Tinsley's withdrawal due to illness), earning the title of Man-Machine World Champion.
Bryant continued work on "Colossus Draughts" in the early 1990s, and in 1995 released an updated commercial version called "Colossus '95", as well as draughts database programs "DraughtsBase" and "DraughtsBase 2".
Bryant currently lives in the Manchester area and works for Hewlett-Packard.

</doc>
<doc id="18342008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342008" title="Carlos, Duke of Parma">
Carlos, Duke of Parma

Prince Carlos of Bourbon-Parma, Duke of Parma and Piacenza (born 27 January 1970) is the current head of the Royal and Ducal House of Bourbon-Parma, as well a member of the Dutch Royal Family. He is generally considered as the pretender to the defunct throne of Parma under the name "Carlo V" (English: Charles V), and by sections of the Carlist movement as the pretender to the throne of Spain under the name "Carlos Javier II" (English: Charles Xavier II).
Early life.
Prince Carlos was born in Nijmegen in the Netherlands as the eldest child of the late Carlos Hugo, Duke of Parma and Princess Irene of the Netherlands. He has two younger sisters Princess Margarita and Princess Carolina, and one younger brother Prince Jaime. Carlos spent his youth in several countries including the Netherlands, Spain, France, England, and the United States. In 1981, when he was eleven, his parents decided to divorce. Together with his mother and his siblings he then moved to Soestdijk Palace (Baarn). He lived at the palace for a number of years with his grandparents, Queen Juliana of the Netherlands and Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands.
Education and career.
Carlos studied political sciences at Wesleyan University in Connecticut and demography and philosophy at Cambridge University.
After completing his studies Carlos worked for the company ABN AMRO in Amsterdam, where he was involved with the preparations for the introduction of the euro. He then worked for a while in Brussels as a public affairs consultant for the company European Public Policy Advisors (EPPA). Since 2007 he is engaged in projects concerning sustainability in the business world.
Royal representative assignments.
Carlos is sometimes present at representative occasions concerning the royal house of the Netherlands. In 2003 he was involved, together with his aunt Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands, in the inauguration of the "Prince Claus Leerstoel". This is a professorship named after Prince Claus of the Netherlands, the late Prince Consort and husband of the former reigning queen Beatrix. During special events of the royal house he is regularly present. For example he was one of the organizers of the wedding celebration of Prince Constantijn and Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands.
Personal life.
Relationship with Brigitte Klynstra and son.
Prince Carlos had an relationship with Brigitte Klynstra (born 10 January 1959), the stepdaughter of Count Adolph van Rechteren Limpurg, Lord of Enghuizen. During this relationship he fathered a son:
Marriage with Annemarie Gualthérie van Weezel.
On 7 October 2009 it was announced through his mother's private secretary that Prince Carlos would marry Annemarie Cecilia Gualthérie van Weezel. The civil marriage took place on 12 June 2010 at Wijk bij Duurstede. The church wedding was to have taken place at the La Cambre Abbey in Ixelles on 28 August, but it was postponed owing to his father's illness. Prince Carlos Hugo died shortly afterwards.
Annemarie (born The Hague, 18 December 1977) is the daughter of Hans Gualthérie van Weezel and Ank de Visser. Her father was a member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands for the Christian Democratic party, member of the European Council in Strasbourg, and the Dutch ambassador in Luxembourg. Gualthérie van Weezel’s paternal grandfather is Jan Hans Gualthérie van Weezel, who was the head of the police in The Hague and member of the Dutch resistance during the Second World War. Annemarie Gualthérie van Weezel went to secondary school in Strasbourg and obtained an Master of Laws degree at the University of Utrecht. Subsequently she completed a post-graduate study in Radio- and Television journalism at the University of Groningen. Gualthérie van Weezel works as a parliamentary journalist in The Hague and Brussels for the Dutch public channel NOS. In Brussels, she met Prince Carlos for the first time.
On 2 August 2010, it was revealed that the health of his father, the Duke of Parma, was quickly deteriorating due to cancer. As a consequence, the church wedding of the prince Carlos and his fiancée was delayed. Via the official announcement about the state of his decease, the Duke announced Carlos to be the next Head of the House of Bourbon-Parma. Just before his death the Duke of Parma created Annemarie "Countess of Molina" in his capacity as sovereign in pretence.
Prince Carlos's father died on 18 August 2010 in Barcelona, Spain, at the age of 80; Carlos subsequently became the next Duke of Parma and Head of the House of Bourbon-Parma.
The new Duke of Parma and Annemarie were married on 20 November 2010 in La Cambre Abbey. 
Together they have two daughters:
Princess Luisa was baptised in Parma by the Bishop of Parma, Enrico Solmi, on September 29, 2012.
Titles, styles, and honours.
Titles and styles.
When Carlos was a ducal prince, his father bestowed the substantive title "Principe di Piacenza" (Prince of Piacenza) upon him on 2 September 1996, as well later on the Carlist title "Duque de Madrid" (Duke of Madrid) on 28 September 2003. The Madrid title, as well as the Piacenza title were bestowed on him by his father in his pretended capacity as Duke of Parma and Carlist King of Spain. These titles are not generally recognized as they are bestowments by a sovereign in pretence.
In 1996 however, Carlos was incorporated into the Dutch Nobility by Queen Beatrix, with the highest noble title "Prins de Bourbon de Parme" (Prince of Bourbon-Parma) and styled "Zijne Koninklijke Hoogheid" ("His Royal Highness"). He does not belong to the House of Orange-Nassau or the limited Dutch Royal House, but as a grandson of Queen Juliana and nephew of Queen Beatrix and cousin of the present King Willem-Alexander, he is an official member of the more extended Dutch Royal Family.
With the death of his father, Carlos became titular "Duke of Parma and Piacenza" as current Head of the House of Bourbon-Parma.
Honours.
As Head of the House of Bourbon-Parma, Carlos is Grand Master of four dynastic orders:
He is also member of the following order:

</doc>
<doc id="18342012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342012" title="United Arab Emirates at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
United Arab Emirates at the 2008 Summer Olympics

The United Arab Emirates competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. This Emirati delegation was the largest in the history of the United Arab Emirates. The United Arab Emirates was attempting to add to their only medal, which was awarded at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
The country sent female athletes to the Olympic Games for the first time. Maitha Al Maktoum competed in taekwondo, and Latifa Al Maktoum in show jumping (equestrian). The former is the daughter of Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates and Ruler of Dubai.
Judo.
Saeed Rashid Al Qubaisi is the first Emirati to represent the United Arab Emirates in judo and the only judoka representing the United Arab Emirates in the 2008 Olympics.
Sailing.
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race; CAN = Race cancelled;

</doc>
<doc id="18342067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342067" title="Pallasovka (meteorite)">
Pallasovka (meteorite)

Pallasovka is a pallasite meteorite found in 1990 near the town of Pallasovka, Russia.
History.
One single mass of was found from the town of Pallasovka by N. F. Kharitonov (a local resident) on a dike on the edge of an artificial water reservoir. The pond and dike were built in 1978 using explosives so the mass has probably been lifted to the surface from a depth of about 2 m. In fall 2004, Kharitonov gave a small sample to A. Ye. Milanovsky who transferred it to the Vernadsky Institute (Moscow) and then proved its meteoritic origin.
Pallasovka and Peter Pallas.
The town of Pallasovka was named after Peter Pallas (1741-1811), a famous naturalist who took part in the discovery and the study of the first pallasite, a type of stony-iron meteorite named after him. Coincidentally, Pallasovka is a pallasite meteorite named after a town named after the discoverer of pallasites.
Composition and classification.
This pallasite consists of approximately equal parts of olivine and metal. Some olivine crystals reach a size of . Its composition is similar to the Main Group pallasites, however it is called anomalous because chromites differ in composition both from that of the Main and Eagle Station pallasite groups.
Specimens.
The main mass has abundant rusty fusion crust with some regmaglypts and was held by an anonymous purchaser.
A 9336 g sample and one polished section are on deposit at Vernad.

</doc>
<doc id="18342069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342069" title="Qatar at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
Qatar at the 2008 Summer Olympics

Qatar competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. The country sent its largest ever Olympic delegation to Beijing, with 22 athletes competing in seven sports: athletics, swimming, shooting, weightlifting, fencing, archery and taekwondo.
Qatar is one of at least three countries that sent an all-male delegation to the Beijing Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18342075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342075" title="Theatrum Chemicum">
Theatrum Chemicum

Theatrum Chemicum (""Chemical Theatre""), is a compendium of early alchemical writings published in six volumes over the course of six decades. The first three volumes were published in 1602, while the final sixth volume was published in its entirety in 1661. "Theatrum Chemicum" remains the most comprehensive collective work on the subject of alchemy ever published in the Western world.
The full title of the work is "Theatrum Chemicum, præcipuos selectorum auctorum tractatus de Chemiæ et Lapidis Philosophici Antiquitate, veritate, jure præstantia, et operationibus continens in gratiam veræ Chemiæ et Medicinæ Chemicæ Studiosorum (ut qui uberrimam unde optimorum remediorum messem facere poterunt) congestum et in quatuor partes seu volumina digestum", though later volumes express slightly modified titles. For the sake of brevity, the work is most often referred to simply as "Theatrum Chemicum".
All volumes of the work, with exception of the last two volumes, were published by Lazarus Zetzner in Oberursel and Strasbourg, France. The final two volumes were published posthumously by Zetzner's heirs, who continued to use his name for publication purposes.
The volumes are in actuality a collection of previously published and unpublished alchemical treatises, essays, poems, notes, and writings from various sources, some of which are attributed to known writers and others remain anonymous. Despite Zetzner acting primarily as publisher and editor, many of the contents are not believed to have been written by him. However, because the "Theatrum Chemicum" was more widely disseminated in comparison to most alchemical texts of the era, and its text was in the universal Latin used by most scholars of the time, Zetzner is often cited as the author of many early alchemical texts which he in fact did not compose.
History.
"Theatrum Chemicum" developed as an evolution of previous alchemical printing projects dating back as early as 1475, when a handful of writings believed to have been written by Geber (or pseudo-Geber) were printed with attached alchemical poems and circulated in the area of Venice, and then a decade later in Rome.
A more directly related ancestor of "Theatrum Chemicum" was a publication by Johannes Petreius entitled ""De Alchemia"", a work which contained ten alchemical tracts, which was published in Nuremberg in 1541. Petreius had been collecting alchemical documents with the intention of publishing a more complete compilation, though he never completed this task. Upon Petreius's death his collection came into the possession of his relative, Heinrich Petri of Basel who published it in cooperation with Pietro Perna in 1561. By this time the collection had accrued a total of 53 texts and was published under the name, "Verae alchemiae artisque metallicae, citra aenigmata, doctrina". Though Petri would continue to publish alchemical works, it was his partner Perna who in 1572 published an entire series of expanded publications totaling seven volumes with over 80 texts. Perna intended to include the collection of his son-in-law, Konrad Waldkirch, in an even larger multi-volume series, but instead sold the collection to Lazarus Zetzner. Zetzner would publish the newly acquired 80 texts and those of Waldkirch as the first volumes of "Theatrum Chemicum". Over the course of the six volumes of "Theatrum Chemicum", Zetzner expanded the collection to include over 200 alchemical tracts.
Publication.
Lazurus Zetzner (L. Zetzneri) published the "Theatrum Chemicum" in unsystematic editions, instead he reprinted issues of previous volumes that had appeared up to the date of the particular volume of "Theatrum Chemicum" as it was published.
The material is diverse, being intended as a single body of work containing all significant alchemical texts of its time. Though the "Theatrum Chemicum" is a book about alchemy, by its contemporary standards it represented a body of work that, in a modern context, is similar to texts such as "The Handbook of Chemistry & Physics", The "Physicians' Desk Reference", or other specialized texts for the practice and study of the sciences and philosophy, including medicine. The physician and philosopher Sir Thomas Browne possessed a copy, while Isaac Newton filled the margins of his copy with annotations.
Within the various volumes are found some of the most studied works in the field of alchemy, such as "Turba Philosophorum", "Arcanum Philosophorum", "Cabala Chemica", "De Ovo Philosophorum", many tracts focused upon Secretum Secretorum, The Philosopher's Stone, the Elixir of Life, the Tabula Smaragdina, and several works attributed to Albertus Magnus and Thomas Aquinas. The original publication dates of the specific writings found in the "Theatrum Chemicum" range from just a few years prior to each volume's publication, to as far back as several centuries in some cases.
Contents.
Establishing a precise table of contents for the various volumes of "Theatrum Chemicum" is an issue of debate amongst scholars. Because of the unstandardized nature of early publication practices and the reprinting of tracts from earlier editions, sometimes under their modified full "elenchus" titles, those studying the contents of "Theatrum Chemicum" often encounter discrepancies in format, tract title, page number, and in some cases even authorship. For example, it is not clear whether some tracts that appear anonymous are in fact uniquely authored, or intended to be attributed to the author of the preceding text.
Some of the authorship proposed by Zetzner remains unverifiable due to the nature of publication, the various age of the works, and the practice of attributing authorship without modern methods of citation. Considering the esoteric nature of the subject matter, this was not uncommon at the time of "Theatrum Chemicum's" publication, but it does seem clear that Zetzner established the authorship of the various tracts according to his original source material.
Below is a list of the tracts found within "Theatrum Chemicum", and their authors as established by Zetzner.
Volumes I-III.
The first three volumes of Theatrum Chemicum were published in 1602. Volume I was published in Oberursel, while the subsequent volumes were published in Strasbourg. The first three volumes increased the number of tracts in each volume to the total of 88 in all.
Volume IV.
The fourth volume of "Theatrum Chemicum" was published in 1613 in Strasbourg. At the time of publication a reprinting of Volumes I-III was also issued. The reprinted editions are almost identical, though there are differences in details, such as page number, formatting, and minor rewording not affecting content. This often leads to differences in citations that use "Theatrum Chemicum" as a reference source. The single significant difference in the new editions is the inclusion of a tract in Volume 3 entitled ""De magni lapidis sive benedicti compositione et operatione (Liber magiae generalis)"" which is missing from the earlier editions. With the additional tracts found in Volume IV, the total tracts grew to 143.
Volume V.
The fifth volume of "Theatrum Chemicum" was publish in 1622 in Strasbourg. This is the first of the volumes to be published by Zetzner's heirs, most likely Eberhardi Zetzner, though the text still bears Lazarus Zetzner's name. This volume contains a substantial number of "older" tracts, including one of the oldest alchemical tracts in existence, "Turba Philosophorum". These additions would increase the number of tracts to 163.
Volume VI.
The final volume of "Theatrum Chemicum" was published in 1659-1661 in Strasbourg. Volume VI was published by Eberhardi Zetzner, though compiled by Johannes Jacobus Heilman. This volume contains tracts originally issued in German or French, but were translated by Heilman into Latin. These additional tracts would increase the total tracts to over 200.
Related publications.
Though "Theatrum Chemicum" remains the most comprehensive single body of work on alchemy, future publications would emulate Zetzner's attempt to gather alchemical works into a single reference source. In 1652, Elias Ashmole published a similarly entitled work by the name of, "Theatrum Chemicum Britannicum" in London. The two works are related by subject, but are different in content. However, because of the printing date of Ashmole's work and the similar titles, the two compendiums are often confused.
Then in 1702, Jean-Jacques Manget produced in Geneva the second most comprehensive collection of alchemical tracts in his "Bibliotheca Chemica Curiosa" which represents a total of almost 140 tracts, of which 35 had already been included in "Theatrum Chemicum".
Another work, prepared by Friederich Roth-Scholtz, was entitled "Deutsches Theatrum Chemicum". It was published in Nuremberg 1728-1732, and like Ashmole's work, it is related to "Theatrum Chemicum" in subject, but of different content.

</doc>
<doc id="18342091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342091" title="Oman at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
Oman at the 2008 Summer Olympics

Oman competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
The country sent a female athlete to the Olympic Games for the first time. Buthaina Yaqoubi represented Oman in the women's 100m sprint.
Swimming.
Oman was represented by one swimmer.

</doc>
<doc id="18342114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342114" title="Aggregated indices randomization method">
Aggregated indices randomization method

In applied mathematics and decision making, the agggregated indices randomization method (AIRM) is a modification of a well-known aggregated indices method, targeting complex objects subjected to multi-criteria estimation under uncertainty. AIRM was first developed by the Russian naval applied mathematician Aleksey Krylov around 1908. 
The main advantage of AIRM over other variants of aggregated indices methods is its ability to cope with poor-quality input information. It can use non-numeric (ordinal), non-exact (interval) and non-complete expert information to solve multi-criteria decision analysis (MCDM) problems. An exact and transparent mathematical foundation can assure the precision and fidelity of AIRM results.
Background.
Ordinary aggregated indices method allows comprehensive estimation of complex (multi-attribute) objects’ quality. Examples of such complex objects (decision alternatives, variants of a choice, etc.) may be found in diverse areas of business, industry, science, etc. (e.g., large-scale technical systems, long-time projects, alternatives of a crucial financial/managerial decision, consumer goods/services, and so on). There is a wide diversity of qualities under evaluation too: efficiency, performance, productivity, safety, reliability, utility, etc. 
The essence of the aggregated indices method consists in an aggregation (convolution, synthesizing, etc.) of some "single indices (criteria)" q(1),…,q(m), each single index being an estimation of a fixed quality of multiattribute objects under investigation, into one "aggregated index (criterion)" Q=Q(q(1),…,q(m)).
In other words, in the aggregated indices method single estimations of an object, each of them being made from a single (specific) “point of view” (single criterion), is synthesized by "aggregative function" Q=Q(q(1),…,q(m)) in one aggregated (general) object’s estimation Q, which is made from the general “point of view” (general criterion). 
Aggregated index Q value is determined not only by single indices’ values but varies depending on non-negative weight-coefficients w(1),…,w(m). "Weight-coefficient" (“weight”) w(i) is treated as a "measure of relative significance" of the corresponding single index q(i) for general estimation Q of the quality level.
Summary.
It is well known that the most subtle and delicate stage in a variant of the aggregated indices method is the stage of weights estimation because of usual shortage of information about exact values of weight-coefficients. As a rule, we have only "non-numerical (ordinal) information", which can be represented by a system of equalities and inequalities for weights, and/or "non-exact (interval) information", which can be represented by a system of inequalities, which determine only intervals for the weight-coefficients possible values. Usually ordinal and/or interval information is "incomplete" (i.e., this information is not enough for one-valued estimation of all weight-coefficients). So, one can say that there is only non-numerical (ordinal), non-exact (interval), and non-complete information ("NNN-information") I about weight-coefficient. 
As information I about weights is incomplete, then "weight-vector" w=(w(1),…,w(m)) is ambiguously determined, i.e., this vector is determined with accuracy to within a set W(I) of all admissible (from the point of view of NNN-information I) weight-vectors. To model such "uncertainty" we shall address ourselves to the "concept of Bayesian randomization". In accordance with the concept, an uncertain choice of a weight-vector from set W(I) is modeling by a random choice of an element of the set. Such randomization produces a random "weight-vector" W(I)=(W(1;I),…,W(m;I)), which is uniformly distributed on the set W(I).
Mathematical expectation of random weight-coefficient W(i;I) may be used as a "numerical estimation of particular index (criterion) q(i) significance", exactness of this estimation being measured by standard deviation of the corresponding random variable. Since such estimations of single indices significance are determined on the base of NNN-information I, these estimations may be treated as a result of "quantification" of the non-numerical, inexact and incomplete information I. 
An aggregative function Q(q(1),…,q(m)) depends on weight-coefficients. Therefore random weight-vector (W(1;I),…,W(m;I)) induces randomization of an aggregated index Q, i.e., its transformation in the corresponding "randomized aggregated index" Q(I). The looked for average aggregated estimation of objects’ quality level may be identified now with mathematical expectation of corresponded random aggregated index Q(I). The measure of the aggregated estimation’s exactness may be identified with the standard deviation of the correspondent random index.
History.
The aggregated indices method was explicitly represented by colonel Aleksey Krylov (the well known Russian specialist in applied mathematics, member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, professor of Russian Navy Academy, etc., etc.) in his propositions (March, 1908) for selection of the best project of new Russian battleships (about 40 projects with about 150 initial attributes). 
Different modifications of the Aggregated Indices Randomization Method (AIRM) are developing from 1972 year in Saint Petersburg State University and in Saint Petersburg Institute of Informatics of Russian Academy of Sciences (SPIIRAS).

</doc>
<doc id="18342117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342117" title="TV3 HD">
TV3 HD

TV3 HD () is a high-definition broadcast of Catalonia's first public television channel, TV3. It is owned by Televisió de Catalunya (Catalan Television), a subsidiary of the CCRTV.
The channel is available in all Catalonia, and broadcasts in MPEG4/H.264 at 1440x1080i 50 Hz using DVB-T. Broadcasts simultaneously TV3's content but in HD standard.

</doc>
<doc id="18342132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342132" title="Invercargill March">
Invercargill March

The ""Invercargill March"" is a march written by Alex Lithgow and named after his home town of Invercargill, on the South Island of New Zealand.
The Invercargill rates alongside John Philip Sousa's "Stars and Stripes Forever", Kenneth Alford's "Colonel Bogey March", and Johann Strauss' "Radetsky March" as one of the most popular in the world. It is especially popular in the United States, being a top favourite of the US Marines. It was the Regimental March of the 56th Infantry Regiment of the New York Guard during World War II.
In his book "Invercargill - 150 Years" Lloyd Esler's opening sentence reads "Invercargill was done a fine favour by Alex Lithgow who named his famous march after his boyhood home. The Invercargill March is possibly the best advertisement the town has ever had as the work is a brass-band favourite and the word ‘Invercargill’ is whispered amongst audiences worldwide. There is only one Invercargill in the world - this one".
Origin of the tune.
It was originally written in 1901 by Alex Lithgow as a jig type tune for Symphonic band. No research can find if that tune had a name but it was known to be rejected in that format by a publisher.
When Invercargill hosted the national brass band contest in 1909, Alex’s brother Tom asked for a test piece for the contest and Alex offered this piece (re arranged). On the music he wrote:
That re arrangement commenced in 1908 and tested out at a rehearsal that year in Bathurst NSW. It was sent to his brother Tom in Invercargill for comment and changes were made before it was finally sent to Invercargill in 1909 and first played publicly at Rugby Park Invercargill on 3rd November 1909 by the massed bands at the national New Zealand Brass Band contest.
How the tune became famous.
After that contest the tune never got a mention or a rating. It was copied and played in the USA. It was 7 years later as a result of the Gallipoli war that the tune hit fame. At the first parade in London of the Gallipoli veterans in 1916, the UK bands leading the parade were looking for a tune to represent the ANZAC troops. Someone suggested The 'Invercargill March' as it was by a composer from both New Zealand and Australia. However people thought "Invercargill" was a place in Scotland! (There is only one Invercargill in the world and that's in New Zealand). The tune became known as "that Gallopoli tune" and instantly got onto the hit parade.
Still today, despite being one of the 4 most popular military marches in the world and having been mistaken for New Zealand's national anthem, the people of New Zealand and Invercargill are mostly oblivious of its world fame. It is clearly the most played New Zealand tune overseas (as found in research by The International Military Music Society).
Lyrics.
In the 1920s, lyrics were written to the tune by an Australian postmaster, Frank Baker Murn. Murn's wife Edith Murn was a recording artist for the Mastertouch piano roll company in Sydney, and since policy was to print words on the rolls for sing-a-longs wherever possible, Murn often obliged by writing lyrics when none were available. Invercargill radio announcer John O’Connor recorded these words but they were impossible to sing by others due to not fitting in with the Band music. There were also other known lyrics as well. International Military Music Society member and former Invercargill resident Gavin Marriott re wrote some of Frank Baker Murn's words to reflect Invercargill and Alex more and to make the song fit into the Band music. These lyrics have been approved by Alex's family and are now the official lyrics, handed over to the Invercargill City Council for the tune's centenary in 2009.
<poem>
Though I've sailed overseas from Invercargill 
Theres a yearning strong that calls me back to Southland
Where in childhood days, I used to play and be
part of a local music family. 
Joyous hours playing with the Garrison Band
Concerts and contesting all around New Zealand
And marching down to Dee Street, in the southernmost town. 
The memories, of childhood, and playing tunes, I loved to learn
Someday I will return, to mountains high and green leafed fern
Oreti Beach, Waihopai, an Oyster feed, from Foveaux Strait
I cannot wait to see, who greets me, at Bluff port gate.
Invercargill is, the only place that I adore
And my old band pals, I long to see them all once more
Soon my ship will be, returning from the deep blue sea
To my dear old home, the gem of all the Southern Seas (x2).
</poem>
Centenary.
The centenary to The 'Invercargill March' was organised by The International Military Music Society and held at Alex Lithgow's old church in Invercargill - First Church - on the 80th anniversary of Alex's death 12th July 2009. 
On the 3rd November 2009 the Invercargill Garrison Band marched through the streets of Invercargill playing "Invercargill' and then put on a Lithgow concert.

</doc>
<doc id="18342137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342137" title="Finke Desert Race">
Finke Desert Race

The Tatts Finke Desert Race is an off road, multi-terrain two-day race in Northern Territory, Australia through desert country from Alice Springs to Aputula Community. The race crosses the Finke River, believed to be the oldest river in the world. The race is held each year on the Queen’s Birthday long weekend (second weekend in June).
The Track.
Encompassing about 229 km each way the Finke Desert Race is a gruelling and tough event. Travelling through many Properties on its way to end up crossing the Finke river just north of Aputula.
The Track is divided into 5 sections:
History.
The concept of an endurance event that would test the ability of riders and the reliability of their machines was mooted on several occasions by people with an interest in such an event and the logical destination was to the Finke River and back.
In 1974 the defunct Alice Springs Motor Cycle Club was hi-jacked by a small group of people with an interest in resurrecting the club and conducting motor cycle events under that club's banner.
The group consisted of Ralph Tice an American from the space base at Pine Gap and locals Barry Taylor, Peter Kittle and Peter Gunner there was another committee member an American his name now eludes me.
The club began conducting events aimed at giving the ordinary bike owner that had achieved some skill with his machine the chance to compete and win, the concept was an outstanding success and membership grew to such a degree that events such as hill climbs, Mexican motor cross’s and Hares and hounds had to be held every month.
A meeting was held to discuss the possibility of bringing the long proposed endurance race to Finke and back into reality, this meeting was held at night in the kitchen of Peter Gunners home, all the committee were present as was Mr Viv Johnston, who had been invited along to convey to us the reasons that had stopped his own motorcycle group from going ahead with a similar event; money was the main reason, the argument being that aerial searches for lost contestants could involve sums as high as twenty thousand dollars.
What we needed was motivation and this was supplied by Barry Taylor arranging for the printing of the very first posters in brilliant red lettering on a white background and our subsequent pride in plastering them all over town and other far flung centres.
We had a destination, we knew we would have contestants but we didn’t have a course.
A Suzuki four wheel drive was borrowed from Paul Delahunty along with a car trailer and with it hooked behind a Falcon utility, Barry Taylor, Peter Gunner and Benny Gunner as well as several hundred triangular flags cut from builders orange plastic sheeting, a staple gun, crow bar and shovel set out via Kulgera to Finke to mark the course.
We unloaded the Suzuki and drove up the track to where the proposed course first became a challenge to follow, the railway was still in operation and the fettlers still inhabited the camps that had not fallen into ruin.
Over forty years of operating a rail service had given the Commonwealth a vast area of desert in which to deposit sleepers, lengths of rail and other surplus equipment. There was no recognised road and what did exist was prone to unexplained deviations and turnoffs.
The one stable feature was the overland telegraph line, so we festooned poles and sleepers with stapled orange flags all the way to the Finke River and the course was born.
This was a deadly serious endurance event in which the possibility of severe injury was high, the course as a pre-raced track was non existent and as was conveyed to the entrants at the first pre race meeting they were totally responsible for everything to do with their own welfare, a recommendation was made that they carry every basic need including water, to be decent fellows and check on any riders they found sprawled along the way. The pre-race inspection performed had one aim only, to determine whether the machine looked capable of taking its rider safely there and back.
Volunteers loved the event and many people took part in organizational tasks. Some stand out Peter and Kath Healy who travelled to the finish line the day before the race and set up camp in the town's rubbish dump and helped to direct arriving riders to the camp site.
These good people continued to do this service each year and for a considerable length of time, Dave Baldock and his trusty vintage Land rover supported stranded riders, the Amateur Radio group handled communications.
See Also.
Australian Off Road Championship

</doc>
<doc id="18342142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342142" title="The String of Pearls">
The String of Pearls

The String of Pearls: A Romance is the title of a fictional story first published as a penny dreadful serial 1846-47. The main antagonist of the story is the infamous Sweeney Todd, "the Demon Barber of Fleet Street", who here makes his literary debut.
Todd is a barber who murders his customers and turns their remains into meat pies, sold at the pie shop of his partner in crime: Mrs. Lovett. Todd's barber shop is situated in Fleet Street, London, next to St. Dunstan's church, and is connected to Lovett's bakers shop in nearby Bell Yard by means of an underground passage. Todd dispatches his victims by pulling a lever while they are in his barber chair, which makes them fall backward down a revolving trapdoor, generally causing them to break their necks or skulls. In the event they are alive, he goes to the basement and "polishes them off" by slitting the victim's throat with his straight razor. Todd has a young assistant named Tobias Ragg.
Synopsis.
The story is set in London in the year 1785. The plot concerns the strange disappearance of a sailor named Lieutenant Thornhill, last seen entering Sweeney Todd's establishment on Fleet Street. Thornhill was bearing a gift of a string of pearls to a girl named Johanna Oakley on behalf of her missing lover, Mark Ingestrie, who is presumed lost at sea. One of Thornhill's seafaring friends, Colonel Jeffrey, is alerted to the disappearance of Thornhill by his faithful dog, Hector, and investigates his whereabouts. He is joined by Johanna, who wants to know what happened to Mark.
Johanna's suspicions of Sweeney Todd's involvement lead her to the desperate and dangerous expedient of dressing up as a boy and entering Todd's employment, after his last assistant, Tobias Ragg, has been incarcerated in a madhouse. Eventually, the full grisly horror of Todd's activities is uncovered when the dismembered remains of hundreds of his victims are discovered in the crypt underneath St. Dunstan's church. Meanwhile, Mark, who has been imprisoned in the cellars beneath the pie shop and put to work as the cook, escapes via the lift used to bring the pies up from the cellar into the pie-shop. Here he makes the following startling announcement to the customers of that establishment:
Mrs. Lovett is then poisoned by Sweeney Todd who is, himself, apprehended and hanged. Johanna marries Mark and lives happily ever after.
Literary history.
"The String of Pearls: A Romance" was published in eighteen weekly parts, in Edward Lloyd's "The People's Periodical and Family Library", issues 7-24, 21 November 1846 to 20 March 1847. It was probably written by James Malcolm Rymer and Thomas Peckett Prest, alternating between each part released. In later years there were many different literary, stage and eventually film adaptations which renamed, expanded and often drastically altered the original story.
A scholarly, annotated edition of "The String of Pearls" was published in volume form in 2007 by the Oxford University Press under the title of "Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street", edited by Robert Mack.
Game adaptation.
The plot of the serial was adapted into a puzzle video game by "Playpond". Entitled "Penny Dreadfuls: Sweeney Todd".
In the game the player assumes the role of the London watch, investigating numerous recent disappearances (Sweeney Todd's victims). Including the sailor, Mark. In each chapter the player must investigate several locations in London. Trying to find certain pieces of evidence on the whereabouts of the recently vanished, as well as objects required to further advance the chapter. Once every piece of evidence in each level is found, the player must put together a torn up portrait in order to continue. This, along with other puzzles in the game, has the option of skipping although it deducts score. Once the chapter is completed, a cutscene consisting of scrolling storyboards plays acting as a transition for the next chapter.
The game also includes original songs in vein of the musical "". Other than this, the plot and style remains largely unchanged from its source material.

</doc>
<doc id="18342175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342175" title="Mary R. Calvert">
Mary R. Calvert

Mary R. Calvert (June 20, 1884 – June 1974) was an American astronomical computer and astrophotographer.
In 1905, she started work at Yerkes Observatory, as assistant and computer for her uncle, the astronomer Edward Emerson Barnard (1857–1923), who was also professor of astronomy at the University of Chicago, and the discoverer of Barnard's star. 
In 1923, when Barnard died, she became curator of the Yerkes photographic plate collection and a high-level assistant, until her retirement in 1946.
Barnard’s work "A Photographic Atlas of Selected Regions of the Milky Way" was completed after his death in 1923 by Edwin B. Frost, director of the Yerkes Observatory, and Calvert, and published in 1927. The Astronomy Compendium calls it a "seminal work".
She died in Nashville in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18342180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342180" title="Laos at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
Laos at the 2008 Summer Olympics

Laos competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, held in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18342208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342208" title="Beorhthelm of Stafford">
Beorhthelm of Stafford

Beorhthelm (also Bertelin, Bertram and Bettelin) is an Anglo-Saxon saint about whom the only evidence is legendary. He is said to have had a hermitage on the island of Bethnei, which later became the town of Stafford. Later he went to a more hilly area, possibly near Ilam, where he died. His shrine is in the Church of the Holy Cross, Ilam. He is the patron saint of Stafford. There are some remains of the medieval shrine of St Beorhthelm near the west end of St Mary's Collegiate Church in Stafford.
The priory of Augustinian canons founded in 1115 on the south bank of the River Mersey at Runcorn, Cheshire, initially dedicated to Beorhthelm, was adopted from the dedication to him of a Saxon church already existing on the site. This priory was the predecessor of Norton Priory.
For more discussion, details and sources regarding Beorhthelm, see Appendix 1 of The Stafford Hinterland – An archaeological review from the Roman Invasion to circa 850 AD by L C Bowkett, 1986 

</doc>
<doc id="18342229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342229" title="The Early Years (Whitesnake album)">
The Early Years (Whitesnake album)

The Early Years is a compilation album by Whitesnake, released in 2004. The album's track listing was compiled by David Coverdale, spanning 1978's "Trouble" to 1984's "Slide It In".

</doc>
<doc id="18342232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342232" title="Church of All Souls, Bolton">
Church of All Souls, Bolton

The Church of All Souls, Bolton, is a redundant Anglican church located in Astley Street, Astley Bridge, Bolton, Greater Manchester, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. As of 2010, the church is being converted into a community centre.
Early history.
The church was built between 1878 and 1881 and paid for by Thomas Greenhalgh, an Evangelical mill-owner. Thomas inherited the money from his brother Nathaniel, who had died in 1877, aged 60. It was one of two churches in the area financed from this inheritance, the other being St Saviour's. The total cost of the church, including fittings, the stained glass, the organ, and the boundary walls, was £23,000 (£ as of ). The local population had grown during the second half of the 19th century, and the church was intended to serve the people working in the nearby mills. It was designed by the Lancaster architects Paley and Austin. The church was planned to seat a congregation of about 800, giving them all a good view of the proceedings, and an opportunity to hear the sermon. The contractors were Cordingley and Stopford of Manchester. The church was consecrated in 1881 by Dr J. Fraser, Bishop of Manchester. Few changes have been made to the church since then. A war memorial was added to commemorate the parishioners who had died serving in the First World War.
Architecture.
Exterior.
All Souls is constructed in brick with dressings of Longridge sandstone. The interior is dressed with Stourton stone. The roofs are of slate. Its plan consists of a five-bay nave, a two-bay chancel with a canted apse, an organ chamber to the north, and a chapel and vestry to the south, and a west tower with a protruding north porch and stair turret. There are no aisles. The tower has four stages. It is high. In the lowest stage is a west door over which is a frieze and a three-light traceried window. The north porch is gabled. The second stage contains a round window. In the third stage are two small windows and a three-light bell opening containing Perpendicular tracery. Around the top of the tower is a traceried parapet with crocketed pinnacles at the corners. The nave is divided into bays by buttresses and at the corners of the east end are octagonal pinnacles with crocketted caps. In the bays are two tiers of three-light windows with Perpendicular tracery. The windows in the chapels are flat-headed. In the chancel the windows are in two tiers, with one of four lights and two of two lights. A parapet decorated with a quatrefoil frieze runs round the top of the chancel.
Interior.
The interior is constructed without any pillars, making it a single, undivided space, with a span of , one of the widest for a parish church in England. It was built in this way to give the congregation an excellent view of the chancel from the nave, and the ability to hear the sermon clearly. At the west end is a small gallery. To provide the wide interior, the timber roof has a complex structure with rib vaulting. The vaulting is carried on octagonal shafts between the windows. On the sides of the chancel are two-bay arcades. The reredos is in stone, and consists of traceried panels, the outer ones of which are inscribed with prayers and other text. The reredos and the font were designed by John Roddis of Birmingham. The choir stalls, pews, organ case, altar, communion rails, credence table, and pulpit are in oak and were all designed by the architects. The stained glass in the apse depicts scenes from the New Testament. It was designed by the architects and made by Clayton and Bell. The windows are dedicated to the memory of Thomas Greenhalgh's brother, Nathaniel. The stained glass in the east chancel windows is dated 1887 and depicts Faith and Hope; it was made by Burlison and Grylls. The two-manual organ was built in 1881 by Isaac Abbott of Leeds. There is a ring of eight bells, all cast in 1881 by John Taylor & Co of Loughborough.
Recent history and present day.
During the 20th century the size of the local population was declining, and in 1962 the parish was combined with that of St James in Waterloo Road. In 1970 the stained glass windows in the tower were removed. They had depicted the Creation and were made by Shrigley and Hunt, but had been damaged by vandalism. The church closed in 1986 and was vested in the Churches Conservation Trust. As of 2010, All Souls is being converted into a community centre due to open in the spring of 2012. The conversion has been assisted by a grant of £3.3 million from the Heritage Lottery Fund. Additional money has been provided by the Churches Conservation Trust, Bolton Council, and the waste management company Biffa, although the Northwest Regional Development Agency has withdrawn its promise to provide a grant of £600,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18342246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342246" title="Atlantic Studios">
Atlantic Studios

Atlantic Studios was the recording studio of Atlantic Records. It was located at 1841 Broadway (at the corner of 60th Street), in New York City. According to the address written in the original liner notes (1957) of Charles Mingus' "The Clown", it was initially located at 157 W 57th Street. The American record label first recorded in these studios in November 1947. The studio is the first to record in stereo due to the efforts of Tommy Dowd.
The Studios.
Tommy Dowd in the early day of Atlantic Records would do recording at the offices. At night the desks would be pushed against the walls and singing groups would gather around one or two microphones in the inner office and he would be in the outer office recording singing groups with a small mixer and a tape recorder.
In 1958 Tommy Dowd convinced Ampex (and Jerry Wexler) to sell the second Ampex eight track tape recorder ever manufactured to Atlantic Studios putting Atlantic ahead of other studios for many years.
In 1959 Atlantic Records and Atlantic Studios moved to 1841 Broadway. The studios were in the co-joined building at 11 West 60th Street. When Atlantic Records moved to 75 Rockefeller Center in the mid 1970s, Atlantic Studios expanded to occupy the entire 2nd floor of both buildings. In the early 1980s the studios expanded to the 3rd floor.
The studio complex eventually consisted of two studios, a mix room, two disk mastering rooms, two editing and tape copy rooms, two digital transfer rooms, a quality control room for Atlantic Records manufactured products (45s, LPs, Cassettes, 8-Tracks and CDs), tape library (tape vault offsite) and several offices and lounges.
Studio A - approximately 50' x 30' x 15', control room 20' x 15', and a later a Hidley redesign 24' x 24'. The control room had two generations of MCI consoles (the "black" console and then a 528), later the Hidley control room had a custom NEVE. Monitors were Altecs, UREIs and Hidleys. Tommy Dowd early on installed variable acoustic sound traps that affected both the low frequency absorption and the reverberation time in the studio.
Studio B - approximately 30' x 15' x 15', control room 15' x 15'. Consoles were MCI 528 and then NEVE and monitoring was Altecs and then UREIs.
Mix Room - approximately 15' x 12', later a new repositioned mix room and vocal booth 20 x 18'. Consoles were a built-in-house 16 channel passive summing mixer, then original Studio A MCI "black" console, then a third MCI 528 purchased from Criteria Studios and in the new mix room an SSL. Monitoring was Altecs and later in the SSL room ??.
Mastering Rooms - Neumann and Scully Disk Cutting systems and Altec monitoring.
Tape Recorders - Ampex, Scully, MCI, Studer and Sony.
Microphones - Neumann, AKG, Sennheiser, Electro-Voice, Sony, Shure and RCA.
Outboard Equipment - Dolby, UREI (Textronix), Pultec, Lang, Spectra-Sonic, Eventide, Allison Research, Audio & Design, Ltd and Fairchild.
Reverberation - An echo chamber was built in the basement of 1841 Broadway but it was rarely used in later years, primarily it was EMT analog and digital reverberation units.
The studios closed in 1991 and Atlantic Records' in-house digital and analog production rooms and the tape library were re-located to West 54th Street.
A few recording sessions.
Tracks.
Chronological list, with album, artist, and recording dates : 
Albums.
Chronological list with artist, and recording dates :
Artists.
Alphabetical list of main artists : 

</doc>
<doc id="18342250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342250" title="Lebanon at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
Lebanon at the 2008 Summer Olympics

Lebanon competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, held in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18342267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342267" title="Camden Haven">
Camden Haven

Camden Haven is a small harbour in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia, approximately 30 km south of the major regional centre of Port Macquarie. The harbour is located where the Camden Haven River empties into the Tasman Sea.
Camden Haven is also the name given to a group of settlements located on the shores of Camden Haven and in the rural hinterland. Laurieton is the largest town and the commercial centre for Camden Haven, located on the harbour's western shore.
Other communities in the immediate vicinity of the harbour include North Haven and Dunbogan. Lakewood is a new residential area west of Laurieton, while further inland are the villages of Kew on the Pacific Highway and Kendall on the North Coast Line.
The Camden Haven region is bordered on the west by the Comboyne plateau. The district consists of fertile, well-watered valleys punctuated by several large mountains, notably the Three Brothers. The region's economy is based on tourism, fisheries, forestry and oyster farming.

</doc>
<doc id="18342279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342279" title="Still of the Night (song)">
Still of the Night (song)

"Still of the Night" (also known as "In the Still of the Night") is a song by Whitesnake. It was released as the fourth single and third track from their hugely successful self titled 1987 album. It reached #16 in the U.K., #18 on the U.S. Mainstream Rock Tracks and #79 on the Billboard Hot 100 when it was released on 9 March 1987. In 2009 it was named the 27th best hard rock song of all time by VH1.
The song was written by lead singer David Coverdale and guitarist John Sykes, and proved to be one of the band's most popular songs. It combines the blues origins of the band with the more distorted, harder sound driving the song, making for a powerful hard rock song. The current Whitesnake lineup and John Sykes both play the song as their live encore.
In 2009, in an interview with Metal Hammer, Coverdale commented on the origins of the song:
""When my mother died I was going through the stuff at her house and found some early demo cassettes. One of them was a song that Ritchie Blackmore and I had been working on which was the basic premise of what would become "Still of the Night". It was totally unrecognizable, so Ritchie doesn't have anything to worry about... neither do I! Ha ha ha! I took it as far as I could then I gave it to Sykesy when we were in the south of France, and he put the big guitar hero stuff on there. John hated blues so I had to work within those parameters. I manipulated to be electric blues, but how he performed it was fabulous for his time and relatively unique because of the songs. There were a lot of people doing that widdly stuff but they didn't have the quality of those songs.""
A music video, featuring Coverdale's then future wife Tawny Kitaen, was shot for the song, and it was MTV's most requested video in its first week of release.
Whitesnake withheld licensing of "Still of the Night" for use in the video game "Rock Revolution"; a cover version of the song was subsequently featured in the game. The studio version later appeared as Rock Band DLC in 2012.
The Finnish symphonic metal singer Tarja Turunen covered the song for her album "What Lies Beneath".

</doc>
<doc id="18342281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342281" title="John Annear">
John Annear

John Annear (born 17 June 1961) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood, Richmond and West Coast in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s.
Annear began his career in Western Australia with Claremont and played 62 West Australian Football League games over three years before being recruited by Collingwood. He was used as a midfielder and played his best football at Richmond, where in 1984 he finished second in their 'Best and fairest'. 
In 1987 he crossed to West Coast who were competing in their inaugural VFL season and was their second most experienced player behind Ross Glendinning. He made State of Origin appearances for Western Australia towards the end of the decade.

</doc>
<doc id="18342287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342287" title="Raymond Doucett">
Raymond Doucett

Raymond Daniel Doucett (born May 6, 1907) was a wholesale grocer and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. He represented Restigouche County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1963 to 1970 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Charlo, New Brunswick, the son of Peter Doucett and Annabell Henderson. In 1926, he married Catherine Ila Lutes. Doucett served as chairman of the school board, also served on the council for Restigouche County and was a justice of the peace. Doucett served as Minister of Public Works in the province's Executive Council from 1967 to 1970.
His son Rayburn also served in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="18342292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342292" title="Kuwait at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
Kuwait at the 2008 Summer Olympics

Kuwait competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18342294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342294" title="Mount Koizumi">
Mount Koizumi


</doc>
<doc id="18342300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342300" title="Fabindia">
Fabindia

Fabindia (or Fabindia Overseas Pvt. Ltd.) is an Indian chain store retailing garments, furnishings, fabrics and ethnic products handmade by craftspeople across rural India. Established in 1960 by John Bissell, an American working for the Ford Foundation, New Delhi, Fabindia started out exporting home furnishings, before stepping into domestic retail in 1976, when it opened its first Fabindia retail store in Greater Kailash, New Delhi. Today it has over 170 stores across India and abroad, and is managed by his son, William Bissell.
In 2008, Fabindia had a revenue of $65 million, marking an increase of 30% from the previous year. Fabindia sources its product from across India through 17 community-owned-companies; a certain percentage of the shares of which are held by artisans and craftpersons.
The products of Fabindia are mainly sourced from villages helping to provide and sustain rural employment in India. They are currently produced by over 40,000 artisans and craftspeople across India. The hand-crafted products also encourage good craftsmanship.
History.
Fabindia was first started as a one-man export company of home furnishings, by John Bissell in 1960, in the two small rooms adjoining his bedroom in his Golf Links flat, as "Fabindia Inc.", as it was incorporated in Canton, Connecticut. He used his recently deceased grandmother's $20,000 legacy as start-up capital. Originally from Hartford, Connecticut, where his grandfather was the president of the Hartford Fire & Life Insurance Company, Bissell, was previously working as a buyer for Macy's, New York left his position and came to India in 1958, as a consultant for the Ford Foundation to advise the Government of India run Central Cottage Industries Corporation. He was given a two-year grant to instruct Indian villagers in making goods for export. He firmly believed in the emerging Indian textile industry and was determined to showcase Indian handloom textiles with a way to provide employment to traditional artisans. In 1964, Bissel met British designer Terence Conran, whose newly established home furnishing retail company Habitat, soon became one of their biggest customers. Meanwhile it also established a distribution network in the U.S., supplying their products to mom-and-pop stores. Through early years Bissell travelled across craft-based villages and town meeting weavers and entrepreneurs, swatches who would produce flat weaves, pale colors and precise weights in handloom yardage, in the end he homed in on one supplier, A. S. Khera, a "dhurrie" and home furnishing manufacturer in Panipat, thus by 1965 it had a turnover of Rs. 20 lakhs, though for the first time it moved into a proper office.
The year 1976, saw major equity restructuring within the company, as adhering to Reserve Bank of India's rules instructing foreign companies to limit their foreign equity to 40 percent, Fabindia offered its shares to close family members, associates, and suppliers like Madhukar Khera, an early supplier to the company. This was also the height of the Indian Emergency period(1975-1976), and the rule which barred commercial establishments to run from residential properties was implemented, the company were forced out of its second premises, a house on the Mathura Road. This prompted it to open the first Fabindia retail store in Greater Kailash, N-Block market in New Delhi, in 1976, which remains its register office.
Now catering to the urban India as well, in the coming decade Fabindia differentiated itself from other government-owned and often subsidized players, in handloom fabrics and apparel sector, like KVIC and various state emporiums by adapting its fabrics and designs to urban taste. For this designers were accessed to modernize its line of home linens and most importantly introduced a range of ready-to-wear garments, including "churidar-kurta" suits for women, men's shirts etc. Even today, its team of designers provide most of the designs and colors, executed by village-based artisans. At the other end, these artisans learnt the basics of quality, consistency and finish, for instance avoiding frayed edges on handwoven shawls. The result was that traditional apparel and products became mainstream, and fashionable, fast adapted by a growing middle-class and became identified as the brand for the elite and intellectual as well as affordable ethnic chic.
Fabindia lost its biggest customer "Habitat" in 1992, when the latter was bought by Ikea, which then decided to appoint its own buying agent in India; in the following year John Bissell suffered a stroke, and his son William, gradually stepped into the helm of affairs, taking over completely after the death of father in 1998, at age 66. Till then William, an undergrad from Wesleyan University, who had majored in philosophy, political science and government, had spent several years in Jodhpur, since completing his education in 1988. William, working with rural artisans and crafts co-operatives across Rajasthan, was instrumental in the setting up of various weavers' cooperatives. One of first tasks taken up by William was shifting Fabindia's focus to the domestic market, en route to becoming a retail chain, for till then it only had two stores in Delhi. In time Fabindia’s retail business overtook its exports.
Over the next two decades Fabindia, emerged as a successful retail business in India, with 111 retail outlets within the country and 6 abroad. Fabindia added its non-textile range in 2000, organic foods in 2004, followed by personal care products in 2006, finally it launched its range of Handcrafted jewellery in 2008. Fabindia sells a variety of products ranging from textiles, garments, stationery, furniture, home accessories, ceramics, organic foods, and bodycare products, besides exporting home furnishings. Fabindia's retail expansion plans started taking shape 2004 onwards, it opened multiple and larger stores in metros like Mumbai, Chennai and Delhi, while at the same time spreading out beyond metros. It opened stores in cities like Vadodara, Dehradun, Coimbatore and Bhubaneswar, Durgapur soon as revenues also grew from Rs 89 crore in 2004-05 to Rs 129 crore in 2005-06, reaching Rs 200 crore in 2007, in the year when it sourced its products from 22,000 artisans in 21 states.
Usually, the village-based artisan gets barely 5% of the tag price of their products as the rest is taken away by the middlemen. To counter this, Fabindia introduced an artisan-shareholder system through "supply-region companies" incorporated as subsidiaries. Here the craftspeople collectively own 26% of the equity in each company, based in nationwide centres, with Artisans Micro Finance, a Fabindia arm holding 49%, and employees and other private investors holding the balance. Also as part its expansion plans, 6% in Fabindia was sold in 2007, at an estimated $11 million, to Wolfensohn Capital Partners, a private equity firm founded by former World Bank president James Wolfensohn. In 2009, it acquired a 25% stake in UK based £ 30 million ethnic womenswear retailer, EAST. Today the company has retail outlets in all major cities of India - 137 at last count - in addition to international stores in Dubai, UAE; 3 stores in Bahrain; Doha, State of Qatar; Rome, Italy and one in Guangzhou, China.
In 2005, Fabindia became a founder-member of All India Artisans and Craft Workers Welfare Association (AIACA), along with Pritam Singh (Anokhi), Ritu Kumar, Madhukar Khera and Laila Tyabji (Dastkar). 
Philanthropy.
William and John Bissell established "The Fabindia School" in 1992 in Bali, in Pali district of Rajasthan, today it is co-educational, senior secondary school with 600 students including 40% girls. The school subsidized tuition fees of the girl students and offers them scholarships, in partnership with "The John Bissell Scholars Fund", established in 2000.
Awards and recognition.
Fabindia was awarded “Best Retail Brand” in 2004 by "The Economic Times". In 2004, Fabindia was featured as part of a CNBC special TV report on India. Fabindia brand does not advertise, and largely works through word of mouth publicity, then in 2007 the craft-conscious enterprise concept of Fabindia became a Harvard Business School (HBS) case study. 2010 marked 50 years of the foundation of Fabindia, and release of the book, " The Fabric of Our Lives: The Story of Fabindia", by Radhika Singh.

</doc>
<doc id="18342325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342325" title="Grigoriy Demidovtsev">
Grigoriy Demidovtsev

Grigoriy Demidovtsev (Russian: Григорий Демидовцев) is the pen name of Grigoriy Anatolyevich Petrov (Russian: Григорий Анатольевич Петров) (born 1960), a Russian fiction writer and a playwright. Since 2001 he publishes Biznes Segodnya.
Books.
Demidovtsev wrote eight books of novels and a collection of stageplays:
Some of them were translated into English to be collected in the "Fantastic stories".
Nevoruss.
In the "Breath of the Past" and the "Russ we hadn't known about" Demidovtsev depicts a fictional European country Nevoruss. "Nevoruss " is the Russian word for "Neva Russ," literally “Russ at the Neva river”. Nevoruss is considered to be a successor state of the medieval Novgorod Republic. It managed to avoid Muscovite conquest in the 15th century and due to commercial activity of its inhabitants continued to thrive. 

</doc>
<doc id="18342338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342338" title="Yunnan Normal University Business School">
Yunnan Normal University Business School

Yunnan Normal University Business School () is an independent university run by Yunnan Normal University with social investment. It was approved by the State Education Commission as an undergraduate university of regular higher education.
With the new and flexible system, the combination of good resources and new mode of education, the Business School has expanded greatly with good comment from the society. By the end of 2006, there were more than 9000 on-campus students. Being the largest independent university in Yunnan, it also comes out top among the 300 independent universities in China. In 2006, the Educational Science Institute of China listed it as one of the independent universities “of great characteristic”. Yunnan Provincial government also decided to establish the “Yunnan Cultural Industry Institute” here. By the end of 2006, this institute had graduated over 400 students.
Modern equipment and nice environments: Located in the New High-tech District in , the school is next to the tourist interests: Qiongzu Temple and Haiyuan Temple. The campus is more than , with 150,000 ㎡buildings. The library contains 780,000 books (500,000 paper books and 280,000 e-books). The cost of teaching equipment is worth more than 26000,000 yuan all together. What is more, the construction of an informational campus is a great success. It has developed a broadband campus network that includes electronic teaching and administration system, universal campus card, and multimedia-equipped classrooms. In 2001, it was given the title of “Garden-like School” by Kunming Municipal Government.
Clear orientation and purpose: According to the demand of society, the orientation and purpose of the university are to turn out practical students, who have sound major basis, strong practical capability and integrated qualities. 
Majors and facility: There are 11 Departments and 15 undergraduate majors, including International Trade and Commerce, Business Management, Community Management, Finance, Marketing, E-Commerce, Tourism Management and Service, Computer Science and Technology, Law, Chinese, English, Pre-school Education, Advertising, Music and Dancing. The faculty includes more than 700 highly qualified full-time and part-time teachers, among which doctors, masters and post-graduates account for 39.2%, professors and associate professors take 36.1%. Moreover, the Academic-Committee and the Teaching Supervising Committee plays an important role in conducting orientation for the school, making and modifying teaching plans, reforming teaching management and employing teachers. The school operates a strict teacher evaluation system that helps to ensure a high quality of teaching.
Normative and innovative management: With concise and sound managing process, the school has also started the ISO9001 Quality Acknowledgement System, trying to standardize the managing system. Taking the quality of the education as the main concern, the school focuses its attention on the development and improvement of the students’ practical abilities. Streamlined teaching and training are the features of individualized education here. The “100 Experts Entering into the campus” Project has successfully invited many experts and elites in different fields to give speeches or forums. Great achievement has been made: The passing rate in College English Exams is close to the provincial level; the passing rate of Public Computer Exam has been the top among the provincial universities for successive years. Many students have successfully become graduates in many famous universities, such as Sun Yat-Sen University, Sichuan University, and so on. The school has been in charge of more than 50 projects at national, provincial and prefectural level; over 900 papers and 7 academic collections were published. 
Quality-based education: Career-oriented education, order-education and pre-employment programs have ensured that its students have good employment prospects by cooperating with companies or enterprises and establishing training bases. Its graduates are very popular in the society. By the end of 2006, the employment rate of its graduates had been 95% for three successive years.
International Program.
International Program facing to the South-east Asia: The Business School has agreement with many first-rate universities in Thailand, such as Chiangmai University, Burapha University, and Assumption University, and has started many academic projects such as co-education, teacher-exchange. It has sent over 300 teachers and students abroad for further education, practice and employment while having accepted over 200 international students to study Chinese culture and language.

</doc>
<doc id="18342351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342351" title="Church of St George, Bolton">
Church of St George, Bolton

The Church of St George, Bolton, is a redundant church in Bolton, Greater Manchester, England (). It is currently a craft centre and was designated a Grade II* listed building on April 26, 1974. It was completed in 1796 and had a shallow chancel and south chapel added or rebuilt 1907 by James Simpson.

</doc>
<doc id="18342359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342359" title="Colin Long">
Colin Long

Colin Long (born June 19, 1989) is an American professional ice hockey center and assistant coach with Düsseldorfer EG of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga. He was drafted by the Phoenix Coyotes in the fourth round of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft, 99th overall.

</doc>
<doc id="18342372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342372" title="Saudi–Egypt Causeway">
Saudi–Egypt Causeway

The Saudi–Egypt Causeway is a proposal to link Egypt and Saudi Arabia with a causeway and bridge. The entire project is expected to cost about 4 billion US dollars. The causeway would link Tabuk to the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh on the Sinai Peninsula and would pass through Tiran Island at the entrance of the Gulf of Aqaba. Funding for the causeway was announced from the Saudi Binladin Group group, which will work the Egyptian government-run firm Arab Contractors.
The proposed construction projects aim to create closer links between the two nations and have the potential to create plenty of jobs on both sides. This is part of a greater plan by the Egyptian government that intends to repopulate the Sinai peninsula. It will also provide an alternative Hajj route, and is expected to serve a million passengers and pilgrims annually.
Concerns have been raised about environment effects, and by neighbors regarding security. The extra traffic and additional development could cause a further decline of the threatened Red Sea dugong population and damage to coral reefs and fisheries. One such organization, Hurghada Environmental Protection and Conservation Association (HEPCA) is fine with the bridge project moving forward, as long as an environmental survey is performed and the reefs are not harmed by the construction. Israel has insinuated that the causeway could be a cause of war, as the government views it as a strategic transport threat for Israeli traffic to and from the Port of Eilat. Article V of the Camp David Accords between Israel and Egypt provides for the right of freedom of navigation through the Strait of Tiran.
The project was suspended in 2005 by the Hosni Mubarak government, due to security concerns voiced by Israel. Prior to its loss of power, the Mohamed Morsi administration was reported to be interested in finalizing plans for the project in 2012 and 2013.[http://www.arabianbusiness.com/saudi-egypt-causeway-go-ahead-minister-471341.html][http://www.arabnews.com/3-billion-saudi-egypt-causeway-project-track]

</doc>
<doc id="18342380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342380" title="Nevoruss">
Nevoruss

Nevoruss is a fictional European country created by Russian writer Grigoriy Demidovtsev as the location for his series of seven novels. "Nevoruss " is the Russian word for "Neva Russ," literally “Russ at the Neva river”. Nevoruss is considered to be a successor state of the Novgorod Republic. It managed to avoid Muscovite conquest in the 15th century and due to commercial activity of its inhabitants continued to thrive. Thus Russia had never united, so its place shares Nevoruss and Muscovy. Their opposition resembles that of Jesusland and the United States of Canada. Besides Russian territories Nevoruss due to its early colonial expansion also controlled the Baltic states, Scandinavia with Iceland and Greenland, some parts of North America (including Alaska and the whole Canada) as well as some important islands (among them Cuba, Canaries and Hawaiian Islands ).

</doc>
<doc id="18342381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342381" title="Giovanni Allevi">
Giovanni Allevi

Giovanni Allevi (born in Ascoli Piceno, April 9, 1969) is an Italian pianist and composer.
Biography.
Education.
Allevi attained a "first-class diploma" both in piano at the "F. Morlacchi"'s conservatoire in Perugia and in composition at the "G. Verdi" academy of music in Milan.
He graduated "cum laude" in Philosophy with a thesis entitled "Il vuoto nella Fisica contemporanea" (The Void in Contemporary Physics) and he attended the Accademia Internazionale di Alto Perfezionamento in Arezzo, under maestro Carlo Alberto Neri.
In 1991 he did military service in the Banda Nazionale of the Italian Army. The master of the band noticed his piano talent and decided to put the piano soloist in his "inventory." He played the Rhapsody in Blue by George Gershwin and the "Warsaw Concerto" by Richard Addinsell in his capacity as piano soloist of the Banda during a tour in numerous Italian theatres.
At the end of his military service Allevi started presenting in concert a repertory formed exclusively of his own compositions for pianoforte while at the same time attending courses of "Bio-music and music therapy" by professor Mario Corradini, in which he enhanced his awareness of music's great power of "setting minds free" and its ability to evoke memories, images and emotions.
In 1996 he set to music the tragedy "The Trojan Women" by Euripides, performed on the occasion of the International Festival of the Ancient Drama in Siracusa. It won a special prize for the "best scene musics."
In 1997 he won the international selections for young concertists at the "San Filippo Theatre" in Turin.
Encountering Saturnino and Jovanotti.
Thanks to Saturnino, Giovanni Allevi matures the idea of moving to Milan and to gather into one CD his own piano production; this work is picked up by Lorenzo Cherubini, stage name Jovanotti, who in 1997, under his label "Soleluna" and together with "Universal Italia", decides to publish Allevi's first album, by the title of "13 Dita" (13 Fingers) and produced by Saturnino.
He also provided the music at the opening ceremony of the 2009 World Aquatics Championships in Rome.
As a result of Allevi's encounter with Saturnino and Jovanotti, he faces the large audiences of modern rock concerts: Allevi opens, with his piano alone, Jovanotti's concerts during the tour "L'Albero", executing a few tracks from "13 Dita".
In 1998, again with Saturnino as the producer, Allevi creates the soundtrack for the short film "Venceremos", awarded at the Sundance Film Festival, a film festival that takes place annually in the state of Utah, in the United States.
Non-piano work.
Giovanni Allevi has written some non-piano works, in addition to his piano compositions, which are mostly unpublished. The most important are:
The concert at the Senate.
On December 21, 2008 Allevi directed "I virtuosi Italiani" symphony orchestra at the Christmas concert at Senate House. The audience included the likes of Giorgio Napolitano, the president of the Republic, and other high-ranking State officers. Along with two pieces by Giacomo Puccini, five compositions by Allevi himself were played. The concert was broadcast live on RAI1, the main national television channel, establishing his fame and success in the national music scene.
Criticism.
The concert at the Senate hall inspired a strong debate on Allevi's actual talent: the celebrated violinist Uto Ughi strongly criticized the artist in an article that appeared on the newspaper La Stampa. Ughi clearly felt "offended as a musician" and declared "Allevi's success is the triumph of relativism". 
Allevi retorted later in the same newspaper, accusing Ughi of "defending the caste", adding: "my music speaks to people's hearts but its technical and rhythmical virtuosity requires highly-talented performers". He noted that "in music it has always been difficult for new ideas to gain a hold, but later on they became the rule to follow".
Allevi is often accused of being simply a mass media phenomenon, nothing but the "result of a marketing strategy", as Piero Maranghi, director of Classica, a television channel fully dedicated to classical music, said. Marcello Filotei, journalist at the Osservatore Romano notes that "Allevi is the stereotyped representation of the composer, as anybody not familiar with concert halls expects him to be". 
Allevi is also criticized for his conceit (he defines his music as a "visionary project" for "establishing the basis for a new cultured contemporary music").
Other musicians plead Allevi's cause, recalling that "his success gave a new birth to piano, and encouraged many young to take piano lessons. In this debates I see only envy" as the pianist Nazzareno Carusi said to Panorama.
Italian piano player Loredana Brigandi has also been a highly outspoken critic of the artist.
Books.
La Musica in Testa - His first book that has been published on March 5, 2008. It's a diary which collects his thoughts, his experiences and the ancdotes until his success.

</doc>
<doc id="18342393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342393" title="Mount Hakuun">
Mount Hakuun


</doc>
<doc id="18342427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342427" title="Iron Dome">
Iron Dome

Iron Dome (, "") is a mobile all-weather air defense system developed by Rafael Advanced Defense Systems. The system is designed to intercept and destroy short-range rockets and artillery shells fired from distances of 4 to 70 kilometers away and whose trajectory would take them to a populated area. Israel hopes to increase the range of Iron Dome's interceptions, from the current maximum of 70 km (45 miles) to 250 km and make it more versatile so that it could intercept rockets coming from two directions simultaneously.
Iron Dome was declared operational and initially deployed on 27 March 2011 near Beersheba. On 7 April 2011, the system successfully intercepted a Grad rocket launched from Gaza for the first time. On 10 March 2012, "The Jerusalem Post" reported that the system shot down 90% of rockets launched from Gaza that would have landed in populated areas. By November 2012, official statements indicated that it had intercepted 400+ rockets. On 19 November, defense reporter Mark Thompson wrote that while these numbers were impossible to confirm, the "lack of Israeli casualties suggests Iron Dome is the most-effective, most-tested missile shield the world has ever seen."
On 28 September 2011, "Flight Global" reported that according to a source at Rafael, the Israel Defense Forces learned during its deployment that Iron Dome is also effective against aircraft up to an altitude of 32,800 ft (10,000 m).
Background.
The Islamic Shi'ite militant group Hezbollah, based in Lebanon, began firing rockets indiscriminately into northern Israeli population centers in the 1990s, posing a security challenge for the Israel Defense Forces. Israel had floated the idea of its own short-range antimissile system, but American defense officials cautioned that it would be "doomed to fail".
In 2004, the idea for Iron Dome gained momentum with the installation of Brig. Gen. Daniel Gold as the head of the IDF's research and development bureau. Gold was a strong backer of the antimissile project, even skirting army contracting regulations to secure financing. He also helped persuade key politicians to support the project.
During the 2006 Second Lebanon War, approximately 4,000 Hezbollah-fired rockets (the great majority of which were short-range Katyusha rockets) landed in northern Israel, including on Haifa, the country's third largest city. The massive rocket barrage killed 44 Israeli civilians and caused some 250,000 Israeli citizens to evacuate and relocate to other parts of Israel while an estimated 1 million Israelis were confined in or near bomb shelters during the conflict.
To the south, more than 4,000 rockets and 4,000 mortar bombs were fired indiscriminately into Israeli population centers from Gaza between 2000 and 2008, principally by Hamas. Almost all of the rockets fired were Qassams launched by 122 mm Grad launchers smuggled into the Gaza Strip, giving longer range than other launch methods. Nearly a million Israelis living in the south were within rocket range, posing a serious security threat to the country and its citizens.
In February 2007, Defense Minister Amir Peretz selected Iron Dome as Israel's defensive solution to this short-range rocket threat. Since then, the US$210 million system has been developed by Rafael Advanced Defense Systems working jointly with the Israel Defense Forces.
Etymology.
Project leader Colonel S. and his team in the Administration for the Development of Weapons and Technological Infrastructure ("Maf'at") had very little spare time, and only in the weekends could they think of an appropriate name for the system. According to Colonel S., "The first name I thought of was 'Anti-Qassam', but when the project started to move forward I realized it was problematic ... I sat down with my wife, and together we thought of suitable names. She suggested the name 'Tamir' (Hebrew acronym for טיל מיירט, "Til Meyaret", 'interceptor missile') for the missile, and for the system itself we thought of 'Golden Dome'. The following Sunday, 'Tamir' was immediately approved, but there was a problem with 'Golden Dome'—it could be perceived as too ostentatious. So it was changed to 'Iron Dome'."
Specifications.
The system is designed to counter short-range rockets and 155 mm artillery shells with a range of up to 70 kilometers. According to its manufacturer, Iron Dome will operate day and night, under adverse weather conditions, and can respond to multiple threats simultaneously.
Iron Dome has three central components:
The system's radar is developed and manufactured by IAI's ELTA division and referred to as ELM-2084. It detects the rocket's launch and tracks its trajectory. Then, the BMC calculates the expected hit point according to the reported data, and uses this information to determine whether the target constitutes a threat to a designated area; only in this case an interceptor missile is fired to detonate and destroy the rocket before it reaches the expected impact area.
Typical battery.
The typical air defense missile battery consists of a radar unit, missile control unit and several launchers, all located at the same site. Iron Dome, on the other hand, is built to deploy in a scattered pattern – each launcher, containing 20 interceptors, is independently deployed while being operated remotely via secured wireless connection. Reportedly, each battery is capable of protecting an urban area of approximately 150 square kilometers.
Funding.
The initial funding and development of the Iron Dome system was provided and undertaken by Israel. This allowed for the deployment of the first two Iron Dome systems. Subsequently, funding for an additional eight Iron Dome systems—along with funding for a supply of interception missiles—is currently being provided by the United States, with two of these additional systems having been delivered by 2012. Funding for the production and deployment of these additional Iron Dome batteries and interceptor missiles was approved by the United States Congress, after being requested by President Obama in 2010. In May 2010, the White House announced that U.S. President Barack Obama would seek $205 million from U.S. Congress in his 2011 budget, to spur the production and deployment of additional Iron Dome batteries. White House spokesman Tommy Vietor stated, "The president recognizes the threat missiles and rockets fired by Hamas and Hezbollah pose to Israelis, and has therefore decided to seek funding from Congress to support the production of Israel's short range rocket defense system called Iron Dome." This would be the first direct U.S. investment in the project. Such financial assistance could expedite the completion of the defensive system, which has long been delayed by budgetary shortfalls. A few days later, on 20 May 2010, the U.S. House of Representatives approved the funding in a 410–4 vote. The bill, the United States–Israel Missile Defense Cooperation and Support Act (H.R. 5327), was sponsored by Representative Glenn C. Nye of Virginia. This money was expected to be included in the 2011 budget. Once the money is received in 2011, it will still take a further 18 months before the additional batteries are delivered to the air force.
On 9 May 2011, "Haaretz" published that Defense Ministry director general Maj. Gen. (res.) Udi Shani said that Israel plans to invest nearly $1 billion in the coming years for the development and production of Iron Dome batteries. "We are no longer approaching this in terms of initial operational capabilities but are defining the final target for absorbing the systems, in terms of schedule and funds. We are talking about 10–15 Iron Dome batteries. We will invest nearly $1 billion on this. This is the goal, in addition to the $205 million that the U.S. government has authorized," Shani said.
On 4 April 2012, Reuters reported that a senior Israeli official, during a briefing to a small group of journalists in condition of anonymity, predicted an increased interception range of up to 250 km, as well as more flexible aiming of Iron Dome units, thus lowering the number of batteries needed for full deployment in Israel. That would help Israel to cope with the prospect of reduced funding from the United States, while a "new round" of talks about missile-defense funding would be completed in two to three months, he anticipated. While praising American largess, the official said US planners have asked Israel to "point out honestly where the upper limit is in terms of what can be implemented" with the Iron Dome. He said the US is "deep in (fiscal) challenges itself", so it does not want to "give money for the sake of it".
In exchange for the second tranche of deployment funding, the United States is asking Israel for access to, and a stake in, elements of the system's technology.
On 17 May 2012, when Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak met with U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta, the Pentagon issued a statement from the Secretary saying in part, "I was pleased to inform Minister Barak that the President supports Israel's Iron Dome system and directed me to fill the $70 million in assistance for Iron Dome that Minister Barak indicated to me Israel needs this fiscal year."
On 18 May 2012, the United States House of Representatives passed the Fiscal Year 2013 National Defense Authorization Act, H.R. 4310, with $680 million for Iron Dome in Section 227. The report accompanying the bill, 112–479, also calls for technology sharing as well as co-production of Iron Dome in the United States in light of the nearly $900 million invested in the system since 2011.
SECTION 227, IRON DOME SHORT-RANGE ROCKET DEFENSE PROGRAM, would authorize $680.0 million for the Iron Dome system in fiscal years 2012–15 in PE 63913C for procurement of additional batteries and interceptors, and for operations and sustainment expenses. This section would also require the Director, Missile Defense Agency to establish within MDA a program office for cooperative missile defense efforts on the Iron Dome system to ensure long-term cooperation on this program.
The committee is aware that National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111-383) included $205.0 million for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system for the State of Israel. The committee notes that the Iron Dome system has proven very effective at defeating threat rockets launched at protected targets. The committee also notes that if the full $680.0 million is used on the program, the total U.S. taxpayer investment in this system will amount to nearly $900.0 million since fiscal year 2011, yet the United States has no rights to the technology involved. The committee believes the Director should ensure, prior to disbursing the authorized $680 million for Iron Dome, that the United States has appropriate rights to this technology for United States defense purposes, subject to an agreement with the Israeli Missile Defense Organization, and in a manner consistent with prior U.S.–Israeli missile defense cooperation on the Arrow and David's Sling suite of systems. The committee also believes that the Director should explore any opportunity to enter into co-production of the Iron Dome system with Israel, in light of the significant U.S. investment in this system.
On 4 June 2012, the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee included $210 million for Iron Dome, in its version of the National Defense Authorization Act for 2013, S.3254. The bill has been reported out of committee and is waiting to be assigned a date for consideration by the full Senate.
SEC. 237, AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR IRON DOME SHORT-RANGE ROCKET DEFENSE PROGRAM, said that of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2013 by section 201 for research, development, test, and evaluation, defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, $210,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense program as specified in the funding table in section 4201.
Co-production with the United States.
With the United States on track to greatly increase funding for Iron Dome, there have been calls for technology transfer and co-production of Iron Dome in the United States. Just as the US and Israel share co-production of the Arrow III missile system, with Boeing manufacturing 40–50 percent of the production content, there has been support in the U.S. Congress, media and think tanks in favor of co-production. The U.S. House of Representatives included report language in its FY-2013 Defense Authorization Act supporting Iron Dome with $680 million but also instructing that the Director of the U.S. Missile Defense Agency, Lt. Gen. Patrick O'Reilly, "should explore any opportunity to enter into co-production of the Iron Dome system with Israel, in light of the significant U.S. investment in this system." There are media reports that the Pentagon is requesting similar language in the Senate Defense Authorization Act as well as the respective House and Senate defense appropriations bills for 2013. Adding Iron Dome to the list of high-tech military programs built jointly by both nations would help further strengthen ties between Israel and America.
Development.
Design.
In 2005, Brig. Gen. Danny Gold, then head of
Maf'at, decided to start the program that would include the system's research and a demonstration of the intercepting system. In 2007, Israel commissioned the development of Iron Dome, choosing Israeli contractor Rafael over the American giant Lockheed Martin. Israeli company mPrest Systems was put in charge of programming the core of Iron Dome's battle management system. Iron Dome went from the drawing board to combat readiness within less than four years, a remarkably short period of time for a weapons system designed from scratch, according to military experts.
Testing.
During the first stage of Iron Dome's operational duty, the Israeli Air Force included many soldiers from Sderot, citing high motivation among the city's pre-army youth to be part of the project. The 947th "Marksmen" Stinger Battalion of the Israeli Air Defense Network was chosen as the first unit to become familiar with and operate Iron Dome.
Iron Beam.
At the 2014 Singapore Air Show, Rafael unveiled its Iron Beam laser air-defense system. Iron Beam is a directed energy weapon made to complement the Iron Dome system by using a high-energy laser to destroy rockets, mortars, and other airborne threats.
Deployment.
The Iron Dome system began operating in early 2011, initially deployed at air force bases in southern Israel. It was designated to be set up in other areas, such as the town of Sderot, during significant escalations along the Gaza border.
2011.
On 27 March 2011, "Al Jazeera English" reported that Iron Dome has been deployed for the first time. Brigadier-Geneneral Doron Gavish, commander of Israel's air defense corps, said Iron Dome had passed a series of tests and reached its "evaluation phase" in the field. It was stationed near Beersheba, following two rocket attacks on the area that month.
On 7 April 2011, after deployment as an "operational experiment" on 3 April, the Iron Dome system in the area of Ashkelon successfully intercepted a Grad rocket fired at the city, the first time a short-range rocket fired from Gaza had been intercepted. According to reports from the area, the interception could be seen in Israeli towns near northern Gaza. Immediately afterwards an IAF aircraft successfully attacked the squad that had fired the rocket. Later that day the IDF stressed that the system, though operational, was still under evaluation. On 8 April the system successfully intercepted another four rockets.
On 12 April, the IDF announced it would accelerate the introduction of a third Iron Dome battery. According to "Haaretz", IDF officials indicated that the security establishment intended to ensure that the third battery would become available in six months, instead of the expected 18 months. According to the new plan, launchers from existing systems would be combined with other components that had already been manufactured in order to speed up the battery's production. In that way, the first operational Iron Dome battalion would come into being within six months, with batteries that could be deployed in the south or in other arenas.
Also according to "Haaretz", the IDF was to finalize its long-term Iron Dome acquisition program—nicknamed "Halamish"—within a few months (from April 2011), which would indicate the final number of systems to be introduced into the military. Israel Air Force officials estimated the number of Iron Dome systems needed to cover threatened areas at thirteen. According to Meir Elran, a scholar at the Institute of National Security Studies in Tel Aviv, Israel would need a total of 20 batteries to provide adequate defense for its borders with Gaza and Lebanon. Such a deployment would require financial assistance from the United States, but he said that even in the original limited form, officially designated a trial period, the system was important.
On 5 August 2011, the IDF redeployed the Iron Dome system near Ashkelon following days of heightened rocket fire from Gaza into Israel. The deployment came a day after Ashkelon mayor Benny Vaknin sent Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Defense Minister Ehud Barak a letter asking them to redeploy the system.
On 18 August 2011, four rockets were fired from Gaza at Ashkelon. The system determined that two were a threat and intercepted them, ignoring the other two which were directed at non-populated areas. No injuries or damage were reported. Defense officials said that Iron Dome would be re-deployed in Beersheba.
On 20 August 2011, while engaging with a volley of seven rockets fired almost simultaneously at Be'er Sheva from Gaza, one was not intercepted by the defense system, exploding in a residential area and killing Yossi Shushan. Brig. Gen. Doron Gavish, commander of the IAF's Air Defense Corps, said on the following day that "we said in advance that this wasn't a hermetic system," adding that the air defense units were learning on the fly and improving the performance of Iron Dome while operating it. "This is the first system of its kind anywhere in the world; it is in its first operational test; and we've already intercepted a large number of rockets targeting Israeli communities, saving many civilian lives," Gavish said.
On 21 August 2011, "Ynetnews" reported that the success of the Iron Dome system against Gazan rocket fire had southern city mayors battling over the right to be the next to have it deployed in their area. The IDF stressed that "no system can offer airtight protection" and that the system positioned in Ashkelon was incapable of extending its defense to Ashdod, but this did not stop the mayors from pressuring the Defense Ministry and the IDF to position Iron Dome batteries within their city limits. Ashdod, Ofakim, Netivot, Beersheba and Ashkelon have all pursued the system, but the IDF had only two batteries available.
On the same day, "The Jerusalem Post" reported that Defense Minister Ehud Barak announced that a third Iron Dome battery would be installed in the region "within weeks", and estimated that nine more batteries would be positioned within the next two years. In attacks shortly before, the Iron Dome system had successfully intercepted about 85% of the rockets identified as threats to populated areas by the Battle Management Control (BMC) system launched at Israel from Gaza.
On 23 August 2011, "Globes" reported that Rafael would invest tens of millions of shekels in the following months to open a second production line for the Iron Dome's Tamir interceptor missiles. Future operational needs, as well as the plan to build two more Iron Dome batteries by the end of the year, necessitated the increase of missile production.
On 31 August 2011, the IAF deployed a third Iron Dome battery outside Ashdod. Defense Minister Ehud Barak, who had said earlier in the week that it would take 10 days until the battery was deployed near Ashdod, praised the IDF and the IAF Air Defense Division for beating the deadline and beginning the deployment before the opening of the school year.
On 1 December 2011, Brig. Gen. Gavish said that a fourth battery of the system would be deployed in the "coming months". He spoke to "The Jerusalem Post" ahead of the Air Defense Division's largest-ever draft of soldiers needed to fill the ranks of its increasing number of units and battalions. "The numbers will continue to grow and another battery will become operational in the beginning of the year," he said. On 8 December, "outstanding" officer Capt. Roytal Ozen began to command the battery's unit in preparation for its deployment, the first woman to be in charge of the system.
On 6 December 2011, Matan Vilnai, the Israeli Minister of Home Front Defense, said that the Defense Ministry is considering a permanent deployment of an Iron Dome battery in the Haifa Port to protect the oil refineries there against future Hezbollah rocket attacks. "The continued work of the oil refineries is critical for the Israeli economy during a time of war," he said. During the Second Lebanon War in 2006, a number of Katyusha rockets struck Haifa but did not hit the refineries. A direct hit on one of the refineries may cause numerous casualties as a result of leakage of dangerous chemical substances. The port is also the site of a chemical terminal that includes containers of ammonia and ethylene gas.
On 30 December 2011, "The Jerusalem Post" reported that a performance analysis it had obtained shows that Iron Dome was successful in downing rockets from Gaza 75% of the times it fired. It said two interceptors are usually fired at each rocket. In April 2011, for example, the system succeeded in intercepting eight of 10 rockets. Following the October violence, the IDF conducted an inquiry into the Iron Dome's performance and discovered that a radar failure caused some of the interceptors to miss their targets, a problem since corrected. An officer told the "Post" that "seventy-five percent is impressive, but we would still like to see it perform better."
Response by Palestinian militants.
On 22 August 2011, "Haaretz" reported that according to Israeli security sources, Palestinian militants had changed their rocket-launching tactics in an attempt to evade the two Iron Dome batteries deployed in southern Israel. The new tactics included aiming more frequently at areas beyond the Iron Dome protection range. After the Palestinian launch teams realized that the systems deployed in the previous two weeks around Ashkelon and Be'er Sheva provided near-perfect protection from rockets, they began firing more frequently at Ashdod and Ofakim. When they did aim at Beersheba on 21 August, they did not fire one or two rockets, as in the past, but rather a volley of seven rockets almost simultaneously. Iron Dome intercepted five of them successfully, but one penetrated the defense system, exploding in a residential area and killing a man.
August 2011 Supreme Court decision.
On 8 August 2011, the Israeli High Court of Justice rejected a petition asking that the government be ordered to deploy the system in Gaza border communities. In rejecting the petition, Supreme Court President Dorit Beinisch and Justices Salim Joubran and Uzi Fogelman ruled that in balancing all relevant considerations including budgets, changing security realities and operational matters, the government's decision not to deploy the Iron Dome in the area was reasonable. The panel of justices also said that the court had no reason to intervene in operational decisions regarding where to deploy the Iron Dome system. "We believe the will make the necessary decisions in accordance with the time and place requirements," they said.
In its petition, the Eshkol Regional Council argued that the government should be ordered to deploy the Iron Dome to protect communities between 4.5 and 7 kilometers from Gaza from rocket fire. Government-funded rocket-roof protection is in place for homes in communities within 4.5 km of Gaza, but not for structures further from the border.
The state said that the High Court should not intervene in the "military decision" regarding how and where to deploy the anti-rocket system. It also argued that if the court were to order it to deploy Iron Dome in a specific area, budgetary limitations would result in other communities not receiving protection, particularly as the range of Palestinian rockets had grown in recent years and therefore it was not possible to deploy Iron Dome to protect every community.
December 2011 accident.
On 26 December 2011, an accident occurred during a maintenance drill involving one of the systems. While loading missiles into a launcher vehicle from a bunker at the Air Defense Network's school near kibbutz Mashabei Sadeh in the Negev, two soldiers caused twenty Tamir interceptors to fall from a height of four meters near soldiers and officers without detonating, causing no injury, but making them unserviceable. "Ynetnews" reported that the soldiers were never in danger because the interceptor missiles are equipped with a security mechanism that prevents premature explosions. The IDF Spokesperson's Unit said that the Air Force commander, Maj. Gen. Ido Nehushtan, appointed a committee to examine the accident and ordered an immediate stop to all Air Defense Network maintenance work until a preliminary investigation was concluded. It also said that during the following week actions would be taken to "improve skills and safety awareness". A security official told "Reshet Bet" that the failure was twofold in that the soldiers and their commander deviated from severely strict safety protocols, and 20 costly interceptors were lost."Walla!" website reported that the soldiers made a mistake in loading the missiles and they fell backwards. The website calculated the damage at a million USD (at $50,000 per missile), and reported that the missiles were transferred back to Rafael to determine whether they could be repaired.
On 1 January 2012, those soldiers were sentenced to punishment by the school's commanding officer following an inquiry into their conduct regarding the incident. The lieutenant in charge of the loading crew was given 21 days in "mahbosh", while the sergeant in charge of the technician crew was given 14 days.
2012.
March 2012 intensive attacks.
After the IDF killing of Zohair al-Qaisi, the secretary general of the Popular Resistance Committees in Gaza on 9 March 2012, more than 300 rockets were fired on Israel. Some 177 fell on Israeli territory. The Iron Dome system had successfully intercepted at least 56 rockets (directed at population centers) in 71 attempts.
July 2012 first Eilat deployment.
On 11 July 2012, "Ynetnews" reported that on that day the Iron Dome system was deployed in the greater Eilat area as a part of an IDF survey meant to test it in various areas across Israel. The IDF published on its website that the Iron Dome battery will be temporarily stationed there as part of an effort to test and prepare different sites across the country for the possibility of permanently stationing there additional batteries. "Since the system continues to grow and improve, it is important to test potential sites," said a commander from the Air Defense Formation. "After stationing Iron Dome batteries in numerous regions in southern Israel, including Ashkelon, Ashdod, Netivot and Gush Dan—it is time to test the southernmost region in the country, Eilat." "Haaretz" reported that an official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the interceptors were set up on 9 July. Three weeks beforehand, two Katyhusha rockets were fired into southern Israel, and according to "The Jerusalem Post" the IDF believes that they originated from the Sinai. According to the report, IDF assessments are that they were either fired by a Palestinian rocket cell from Gaza—affiliated either with Hamas or Islamic Jihad—or by Bedouin freelancers who work for them. The launches followed an earlier one in April 2012, when at least one Katyusha rocket was fired from the Sinai to Eilat. "Ynetnews" reported that according to a military source, following these rocket attacks, the IDF decided not to take any chances and calibrated the system to the region's topography, before finally deploying it. The system's deployment was coordinated with local communities and the City of Eilat, in order to prevent public panic.
November 2012 Operation Pillar of Defense.
According to the Israeli Air Force, during operation "Pillar of Defense" (14–21 November 2012) Iron Dome made 421 interceptions. On 17 November, after two rockets targeted Tel Aviv during the operation, a battery was deployed in the area. Within hours, a third rocket was intercepted by the system. This fifth battery had not been scheduled to come into service until early 2013.
CNN relayed an estimate that Iron Dome's success rate in Pillar of Defense was about 85%.
Effectiveness.
Prior to its deployment, the Iron Dome was criticized as ineffective in countering the Qassam threat for the southern city of Sderot, given the short distance and flight time between the much-attacked city and the rocket launching pads in the Gaza Strip. Other anti-rocket systems, such as the Nautilus laser defense system, were argued to be more effective. From 1995 to 2005, the United States and Israel jointly developed Nautilus but scrapped the system after concluding it was not feasible, having spent $600 million. The US Navy continued R&D on the system. American defense company Northrop Grumman proposed developing a more advanced prototype of Nautilus, Skyguard.
Skyguard would use laser beams to intercept rockets, with each beam discharge costing an estimated $1,000–$2,000. With an investment of $180 million, Northrop Grumman claimed it could possibly deploy the system within 18 months. Israeli defense officials rejected the proposal, citing the extended timeline and additional costs. Officials also insisted that with recent improvements to Iron Dome, the system was fully able to intercept Qassams.
Following the system's deployment in April 2011, it was used to successfully intercept Katyusha rockets fired by Palestinian militants. In August that year, Iron Dome intercepted 20 missiles and rockets fired into Israel. However, in one instance the system destroyed four out of five rockets fired at the city of Beersheba but failed to stop the fifth which killed one man and injured several others.
In November 2012, during Operation Pillar of Defense, the Iron Dome's effectiveness was estimated by Israeli officials at between 75 and 95 percent. According to Israeli officials, of the approximately 1,000 missiles and rockets fired into Israel by Hamas from the beginning of Operation Pillar of Defense up to 17 November 2012, Iron Dome identified two thirds as not posing a threat and intercepted 90 percent of the remaining 300. During this period the only Israeli casualties were three individuals killed in missile attacks after a malfunction of the Iron Dome system.
In comparison with other air defense systems, the effectiveness rate of Iron Dome is very high. Defense consultant Steven Zaloga stated that Iron Dome's destruction of 90 percent of missiles it targeted is "an extremely high level", above that usually expected for air defense systems. "Slate" reported that the effectiveness rate is "unprecedented" in comparison with earlier systems such as the Patriot missile defence system.
An unpublished 2013 report by Professor Theodore Postol and two colleagues (including Mordechai Shefer) argued that the official effectiveness figures for Iron Dome during Operation Pillar of Defense were incorrect. Although Postol had earlier lauded Iron Dome's effectiveness, after studying videos of the alleged warhead interceptions as well as police reports and other data, he argued that "Iron Dome’s intercept rate, defined as destruction of the rocket's warhead was relatively low, perhaps as low as 5%, but could well be lower." Postol reached this conclusion mainly from an analysis of non-official footage of interceptions taken by civilians and published on YouTube. He additionally used the amount of claims filed by the Property Tax Authority and the number of Israeli Police Reports (taken from the Israeli Police website) relating to rockets to support his argument. The Israeli Institute of National Security Studies published a detailed rebuttal to these claims, labeling them "dubious research without access to credible data".
Criticism.
Cost.
In 2010, before the system was declared operational, Iron Dome was criticized by Reuven Pedatzur, a military analyst, former fighter pilot and professor of political science at Tel Aviv University for costing too much compared to the cost of a Qassam rocket (fired by Palestinian forces), so that launching very large numbers of Qassams could essentially attack Israel's financial means. The estimated cost of each Tamir interceptor missile is US$35,000–50,000 whereas a crudely manufactured Qassam rocket costs around $800 and the cost of each Hamas Grad rocket is only several thousand dollars. Rafael responded that the cost issue was exaggerated since Iron Dome intercepts only rockets determined to constitute a threat, and that the lives saved and the strategic impact are worth the cost.
In an op-ed in "Haaretz", Jamie Levin suggests that the success of the Iron Dome system will likely increase demands to field additional systems across Israel. Budget shortfalls mean that Israel will be forced to weigh spending on missile defenses against other expenditures. Such funds, he argues, will likely come from programs intended to help the most vulnerable sectors of society, such as social welfare.

</doc>
<doc id="18342481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342481" title="Escuela Nacional Preparatoria (Mexico)">
Escuela Nacional Preparatoria (Mexico)

The Escuela Nacional Preparatoria () (ENP), the oldest senior high school system in Mexico, belonging to the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM), opened its doors on February 1, 1868. It was founded by Gabino Barreda, M.D., following orders of then President of Mexico Benito Juárez. It is also modern UNAM's oldest institution.
This institution's location was the Antiguo Colegio de San Ildefonso (), which is located in the heart of Mexico City's historic center. This college was founded in 1588 by the Jesuits and was prestigious during colonial times, but it had almost completely fallen into ruin by the time of the Reform Laws in the 1860s. These Laws secularized most of Church property, including the San Ildefonso College building In 1867, Benito Juárez began reform of the educational system, taking it out of clerical hands and making it a government function. San Ildefonso was converted into the Escuela Nacional Preparatoria initially directed by Gabino Barreda, who organized the new school on the Positivist model of Auguste Comte (Comtism). The initial purpose of the school was to provide the nucleus of students for the soon-to-be-reconstructed Universidad Nacional (National University), later National Autonomous University of Mexico, which was re-established in 1910 by Justo Sierra.
The new preparatory school began functioning at the San Ildefonso building with more than 700 day students and 200 live-in students. The complex remained a separate entity until 1929, when the Universidad Nacional gained autonomy, meaning it became independent of the government, though still government-sponsored. The Preparatory School became part of the newly independent university system, being designated as Preparatory #1 for a short time.
Following this, because of the increasing demand, nine more schools were built, as well as a new organizational organism called General Direction. These schools were located at the center of Mexico City, but due the increasing size of the city and the necessity for modern buildings, they were relocated in the vicinity of the city, mainly orientated in the southern neighborhoods like Coyoacán, Xochimilco and Villa Coapa.
The original San Ildefonso College location remained open until 1978, when it closed completely. It is now a museum and cultural museum.
Orchestra.
In 1972, the School's orchestra was founded by Uberto Zanolli.
Its present director is Luis Samuel Saloma, who made a tour along the 9 schools of the ENP, giving a final concert at the Auditorium at the General Direction.
Frida Kahlo was one of their many students. She attended the school in 1922.
Student exchange.
The school runs academic exchanges with different foreign institutions, they are run on a yearly basis.
The Horizon High School in Broomfield, Colorado, United States, has a 10-day exchange plan for 9 students and 2 teachers at School number 3.
City High School at Oklahoma has an exchange of 15 days with School number 9.
Schools.
Although the schools all have a name and a number, they are commonly referred to by their numbers rather than by their names.
Curriculum.
The school has mainly 2 kinds of study plan:
Student protest movement at Preparatoria 5 and 6 of 2005.
In 2005 there was a movement of student unrest in response to the perception that criminal groups known as "porros" had been allowed to operate inside the Preparatorias. The students joined with the parents association in the movement. The schools involved were Preparatoria 5 José Vasconcelos, Preparatoria 6 Antonio Caso, and Colegio de Ciencias y Humanidades Azcapotzalco. 
The main conflict started after an attack on a student (Diego Contreras) on November 10, 2005 at Preparatoria 6. Activists decided to occupy the high schools, in order to demand the expulsion of corrupt authorities and several criminals that actually were enrolled as students in these schools. The high schools remained occupied by the activist groups for several weeks.
In Preparatoria 6 the parents' association together with teachers confronted the authorities about the lack of action to exclude these criminal groups. They voted no confidence in the school's principal Apolonio García Sanchez. It was also in this high school that the first meeting took place with the director of Escuela Nacional Preparatoria Héctor Herrera. Students asked him for more security in the outskirts of the establishment and for the restitution of expelled activists.
Students from Preparatoria 5 demanded that the authorities of Escuela Nacional Preparatoria sign certain petitions, among them, a major control of the establishment's accesses, the resignation of several employees who were thought to support the "porros", and the expulsion of those people who struck and assaulted young students. 
The academic activities continued in both establishments with the access controlled by students and elements of Auxilio UNAM (security bodies inside the institution), to avoid the entrance of "porros" so they couldn’t incur on provocations. The students announced that they would made meetings and informative brigades to present the reasons for which they maintain the protest.
After a long process of negotiations, between Students and Authorities, finally they reached several agreements:
On one hand, at Preparatoria 6 authorities granted the destitution of Apolonio García Sánchez, as well as the hiring of new security elements to bring more safety, and the creation of a local security council, that would make sure the fulfillment of the agreements.
On the other hand with regards to the agreements reached in Preparatoria 5, the authorities of Escuela Nacional Preparatoria (ENP) decided the destitution of the private secretary of the director, the head of the legal office, the secretary of support to the community and the academic secretary of the vespertine turn. In addition the performance of the prefects of the establishment would be reviewed and the monitoring of the school will be reinforced. On November 22 of 2005, in a general assembly ruled by students the agreements were signed, at the same time as the high schools’ offices were given to their respective authorities

</doc>
<doc id="18342495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342495" title="Sight and Life">
Sight and Life

Sight and Life is a philanthropic initiative of DSM, the Life Sciences and Materials Sciences company, that provides financial, technical and communication support to health-care professionals, micronutrient interventions and research in developing countries.
History.
Sight and Life was founded in 1986 by the Swiss global health-care company, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Ltd. As a humanitarian initiative of Roche, Sight and Life focused on providing assistance to address the problem of vitamin A deficiency in developing countries. This assistance was provided mostly in the form of free vitamin A capsules to vitamin A supplementation projects and grants or scholarships for health-care professionals in developing countries to attend international conferences, workshops, and courses or academic programs. Other types of support included grants for small-scale projects and/or programmatic research. Sight and Life also began publishing the Sight and Life Newsletter, which disseminated news from the projects and research it supported as well as general news and specific features relating to vitamin A. 
When DSM acquired Roche’s Fine Chemicals division, Roche Vitamins, in 2003, the company continued the Sight and Life Initiative and Newsletter (which it repackaged as the Sight and Life Magazine), and broadened the Initiative’s focus to addressing a wider range of micronutrient deficiencies, not just vitamin A deficiency. This broader focus is reflected in Sight and Life’s current programming and grantmaking policies as well as the Magazine’s editorial content. Sight and Life is also active in promoting greater awareness of the problems of nutritional anemia (or iron deficiency anemia), and the ‘double burden of malnutrition,’ an emergent phenomenon in settings of nutritional transition in which both malnutrition and over-nutrition (e.g. obesity), and the diseases associated with them, are found in the same population.
Cooperation partners.
Since its founding, Sight and Life has supported over 3,200 research and project activities in over 80 countries in Africa, Asia Pacific and Latin America. These activities are conducted in collaboration with universities, UN agencies, and non-government and government organizations. Organizational partners include Johns Hopkins University, ETH Zürich (the Swiss Federal Research Institute), the North-West University (South Africa), the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP), World Health Organization (WHO), the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), the Micronutrient Forum, the Micronutrient Initiative, Groupe de Recherches et d'Echanges Technologiques (GRET), the Swiss Red Cross, and the Christian Blind Mission.
A current partnership with WFP focuses on improving and increasing nutritious food for people in poor countries and during humanitarian crises, toward which DSM and Sight and Life have provided WFP with technical expertise, nutritional products and financial assistance.

</doc>
<doc id="18342511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342511" title="List of French Communist Party congresses">
List of French Communist Party congresses

List of congresses held by the French Communist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="18342568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342568" title="Crown Lynn">
Crown Lynn

Crown Lynn was a New Zealand ceramics manufacturer.
Early history.
The pottery's origins started with an 1854 land purchase at Hobsonville, near Auckland, by Rice Owen Clark. He had arrived in New Zealand thirteen years before and had previously worked as a school teacher in Wellington and as a clerk in Auckland. To drain his land, he made his own pipes by wrapping logs with clay and firing them with charcoal. This first production led to his making pipes for his neighbours, and his success encouraged the others to form similar small companies. In 1929 the various small producers merged to become the "Amalgamated Brick and Pipe Company".
Tom Clark, one of Rice Owen Clark's great-grandsons, began working in the firm during the depression. He was responsible for the plant expanding in 1937 to produce items unrelated to the building trade such as electrical insulation equipment and moulds for rubber products such as gloves, baby bottle teats and condoms. Clark was an employer who always encouraged his staff to experiment with new products. As a result, an oil-fired continuous tunnel kiln was built in 1941, and tableware manufacture began the following year. The company had established a research department in 1938 to investigate the viability of producing tableware from New Zealand clays.
Government supply.
After the declaration of World War II in 1939, only essential goods were imported into New Zealand, and by December 1940 no imported crockery was available in the country. Under a directive from the wartime Ministry of Supply, the company produced thousands of coffee mugs and plates for the American forces stationed in New Zealand and the Pacific Islands, as well as tableware for New Zealand military and domestic use. 
One and a half million cups were made in the financial year from April 1943 to March 1944. Those early cups had a significant flaw: the handles broke off easily. However, the year's production reports said that 'the quality of the articles is steadily increasing'. This type of utilitarian tableware became central to Crown Lynn, and the company gained a reputation for supplying sturdy and reliable products. This reputation culminated when the company was also contracted to supply the New Zealand railways with tableware, and ultimately The New Zealand Railways cup and saucer became one of the most famous Kiwi icons of the twentieth century.
The Crown Lynn lines of military and Railways crockery were highly successful. However, because there was no crockery imported into New Zealand, the range had to be extended to suit the domestic market. A tunnel kiln was built in 1941, and the following year a new range of tableware was produced including pudding basins, casserole dishes and various sized chamber pots. However, due to shortages of material and labour, the decorations were simple. Alongside this extended range, the Railways cups and saucers continued to be produced in bulk. Clark continued to be innovative founding a laboratory to test clay samples and a variety of other scientific tasks.
Diversification of designs.
After the War Crown Lynn began to experiment and diversify. Employees were encouraged to develop different styles. Artist Dave Jenkin came from the Elam School of Art in 1945, and later helped in setting up the design studio. He began by applying glaze effects to ornamental wares, and a trickle glaze technique was developed that had a " . These trickle glazed pieces are still highly sought after by collectors. In 1948 the 'specials department of Amalgamated Brick and Pipe' became Crown Lynn Potteries Limited.
In the late 1940s and early 1950s Tom Clark recruited experienced staff from England and Europe to work in the newly formed Crown Lynn Specials Department. New equipment was purchased which enabled a more extensive range to be developed. This new range included tea sets, art pottery and salad ware, and utilised a variety of decorative techniques such as monogram printing, band brushing and lining. At the same time the factory laboratory discovered that the use of a halloysitic clay from Matauri Bay helped increased the fired whiteness of the body. This enabled Crown Lynn to mass-produce tableware decorated with transfers, and coloured tableware. This discovery virtually saved the firm, as the recent revaluation of the pound had made it very difficult for companies to export overseas. The intent of the "Specials Department" was to produce more upmarket works from Crown Lynn's existing commercial production-line wares in order to compete with the Royal Doulton works that were being imported into New Zealand. Tom Clark, hired among others, Frank Carpay, Mirek Smisek and Ernest Shufflebotham. 
In 1961 the purchase of a Malkin pattern stamp machine and a Murray Curvex colour printing machine enabled the company to produce variations of popular overseas patterns. "These machines bring pottery decoration to as near automation as is presently practical," said production manager Colin Leitch. "With only one operation on the machine itself, plus those engaged in bringing up and removing the ware, the Murray Curvex will put through 200 dozen pieces a day. The Malkin will do even better - 400 or more." 
At the time Crown Lynn was the Southern Hemisphere's largest producer of household pottery. and remained so up to at least 1978. At its heights the factory employed 650 staff, produced about 17 million pieces annually and exported to Australia, the Pacific Islands, South East Asia, the USA and Canada. 
Change of name to Ceramco.
Crown Lynn became Ceramco in 1974 and diversified into a series of new interests, including electronics, appliance wholesaling and making acquisitions including Bendon lingerie. Ceramco announced the Crown Lynn factory closure on 5 May 1989. By then staff numbers had fallen to between 180 and 220, and many amongst the largely female workforce believed that the Government had sabotaged the company by allowing cheap imported tableware into the country. Crown Lynn's share of New Zealand's domestic tableware market was then less than 20% in value, despite the company's successful move from the lower end of the market to a more middle ground. 
Ceramco blamed the closure in part on union inflexibility in a pre-Labour market reform economy. Although Crown Lynn was showing signs of recovery after years of trading losses, the company could not compete with the more advanced manufacturing technologies used in Asia and Europe. In September 1989 all of Crown Lynn's assets, including plant, designs and brand name, were sold to GBH Porcelain Sdn Bhd of Malaysia.
Postscript.
Shortly after the closue of Crown Lynn, Richard Quinn helped preserve much of the important history of Crown Lynn, including salvaging from the factory pottery, documentation, moulds and machinery.
In 1994 the trade mark of "Crown Lynn New Zealand" was acquired by Rudolf Boelee and Robyne Voyce. From 1995 they used images of Crown Lynn wares on paintings, including the New Zealand Railways Cup, the Crown Lynn Swan and the Ernest Shufflebotham Modernist Vase.
In 1996 a series of collaborative projects commenced with "Crown Lynn New Zealand' - A Salvage Operation" that was exhibited at the High Street Project Gallery in Christchurch and the City Gallery in Wellington. 
In 2005 a small group of collectors started an online resource guide of Crown Lynn shapes and patterns: The Crown Lynn Shape Guide.
In 2009 a new shop in Christchurch, the Pug Design Store, began to offer products such as tea towels, cushions and cards depicting Crown Lynn's most famous products.
In 2011 there were two exhibitions on Crown Lynn collections - "Crown Lynn: Crockery of Distinction" at City Gallery Wellington and "Crown Lynn: Pottery for the People" at Gus Fisher Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="18342590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342590" title="Mount Midori">
Mount Midori

, also known as , is a mountain located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains, Hokkaidō, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18342627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342627" title="Joseph Auguste Émile Vaudremer">
Joseph Auguste Émile Vaudremer

Joseph Auguste Émile Vaudremer (6 February 1829, Paris - 7 February 1914, Antibes) was a French architect. He won the prix de Rome and designed several public buildings in France, particularly in Paris.
Life.
Entering the École nationale supérieure des beaux-arts in 1847, he apprenticed in the practice of Guillaume Abel Blouet. Winning the "lauréat du premier grand" of the Prix de Rome in 1854, he resided at the French Academy in Rome at the Villa Medici from 20 January 1855 to 31 December 1858.
He spent his career as a public architect with several prestigious posts, including Architect of the City of Paris, inspector-general of buildings, member of the Conseil supérieur for prisons and of the Conseil for collèges and lycées, diocesan architect for several départements, and finally teaching at the École nationale supérieure des beaux-arts, from which he also ran his own practice. Notable among his pupils were Jacques Hermant, and the Americans Louis Sullivan, Theophilus Parsons Chandler, Jr. and Arthur Rotch.
He designed several typical 19th century buildings in Paris : lycées (including the Lycée Buffon), churches (including Notre-Dame-d'Auteuil, and Saint-Pierre-de-Montrouge) and the Prison de la Santé.
In 1867 he was elected to the seventh seat of the Académie des Beaux-Arts, architecture section, succeeding Alphonse de Gisors. He is buried in the cimetière Saint-Véran at Avignon.

</doc>
<doc id="18342630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342630" title="List of shipping companies in the Philippines">
List of shipping companies in the Philippines

This is a list of current and former shipping companies authorized by the Maritime Industry Authority (Philippines):

</doc>
<doc id="18342664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342664" title="Psathyrella candolleana">
Psathyrella candolleana

Psathyrella candolleana is a large mushroom commonly found on lawns or pasture. The coloring varies between white, golden and dark brown, however the shape is consistent: medium sized (2–7 cm), conical when young; large, flat and sprawling with maturity.

</doc>
<doc id="18342670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342670" title="Louisiana African American Heritage Trail">
Louisiana African American Heritage Trail

Louisiana African American Heritage Trail () is a cultural heritage trail with 26 sites designated in 2008 by the state of Louisiana, from New Orleans along the Mississippi River to Baton Rouge and Shreveport, with sites in small towns and plantations also included. In New Orleans several sites are within a walking area. Auto travel is required to reach sites outside the city. 
A variety of African American museums devoted to art, history and culture are on the "trail", as is the Cane River Creole National Historical Park, and the first two churches founded by and for free people of color. The trail includes two extensive plantation complexes with surviving quarters used by people who lived and worked at the plantations until 1930 in one case, and into the 1960s at the other. Two historically black universities are also on the trail.
The trail's chief state promoter has been Lieutenant Governor Mitch Landrieu, who saw its designation as a way to highlight the many contributions of African Americans to the culture of Louisiana and the United States. 
Historic sites.
Included are:

</doc>
<doc id="18342676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342676" title="Colin Emmanuel">
Colin Emmanuel

Colin Emmanuel aka C-Swing is an English music producer, remixer and writer who works across most genres including Hip hop, R&B, Alternative and Soul genres.
He has produced, remixed or written for the likes of; The Beta Band, Jamelia, KRS-One, Beverley Knight, Braintax and Mary J. Blige among others.

</doc>
<doc id="18342677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342677" title="Current collector">
Current collector

Electric current collectors are used for trolleybuses, trams, electric locomotives or EMUs 
to lead electrical power from overhead lines or electrical third rails to the electrical equipment of the vehicles. 
Typically, they have one or more spring-loaded arms that permits the working engagement with the rail or overhead wire and a collector or contact shoe in running engagement with the wire or rail. The collector arms pushes the contact shoe against the contact wire or rail. As the vehicle moves, the contact shoe slides along the wire or rail to draw the electricity needed to run the vehicles motor. 
The current collector arms are electrically conductive but mounted insulated on the vehicles roof, side or base. A samewise insulated cable connects the collector with the switch, transformer or motor. The steel rails of the tracks act as the electrical return.
Electric vehicles that collect their current from overhead line system use different forms of one- or two-arm pantograph collectors, bow collectors or trolley poles. The current collection device presses against the underside of the lowest wire of an overhead line system, which is called a contact wire. 
Contact shoe.
Electric railways with third rails, or fourth rails, in tunnels carry collector shoes projecting laterally (sideways), or vertically, from their bogies. The contact shoe may slide on top of the third rail (top running), on the bottom (bottom running) or on the side (side running). The side running contact shoe is used on rubber tired metros. A vertical contact shoe is used on ground-level power supply systems, stud contact systems and fourth rail systems. A pair of contact shoes was used on underground current collection systems. The contact shoe on a stud contact system is called a 
"ski collector". The ski collector moves vertically to accommodate slight variations in the height of the studs.

</doc>
<doc id="18342682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342682" title="Northern American English (disambiguation)">
Northern American English (disambiguation)

Northern American English may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18342701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342701" title="The Half Moon, Putney">
The Half Moon, Putney

The Half Moon is a public house and well-known music venue in Putney, London, England offering both lunchtime and evening performances. After being threatened with closure in 2009, the campaign to save it attracted many high profile supporters keen to save it closing like The Marquee, Eel Pie Island Hotel and Crawdaddy. In December 2009, it was announced that it was to be saved and remain a live music venue.
It is one of London's longest running, and most respected live music venues.
Since the early 1960s, some of the biggest names in the music world have performed there, including The Rolling Stones, The Who and U2.
It all began with the folk and blues sessions started by Gerry Lockran, Royd Rivers and Cliff Aungier in 1963. 'Folksville', as the sessions were called, featured new British and European artists alongside established American blues-men. These included pioneering blues duo Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee, Champion Jack Dupree and Arthur Crudup. British acts included Ralph McTell, John Martyn, Bert Jansch and Roy Harper, all now folk legends.
This birth of a new kind of music venue, at a time of musical revolution in London, led to many memorable nights in the venue. John Mayall's Bluesbreakers, Alexis Korner, The Yardbirds - anyone who was anyone in the emerging blues scene made an appearance here and at other South London venues such as The Eel Pie club and The Crawdaddy.
As blues and folk thrived, bringing the likes of Fairport Convention and Van Morrison, so other genres began to appear. From the psychedelia of The Bonzo Dogg Doo Dah Band and Bob Kerr's Whoopee Band; to sixties mod groups The Pretty Things and Nashville Teens; to early pub-rock acts like Dr. Feelgood; the Halfmoon was the centre of not only the emerging music scenes but continued to host the big names.
It was never just a "passing through" venue. Residencies at the Halfmoon have included Elvis Costello and Steve Marriott of Small Faces fame. U2 played there four times during their first UK visit, which included their first ever sell-out gig. John Martyn returned decades after his first Halfmoon gigs to perform a week long residency, and both Tim Rose and Roy Harper did the same. On 24 July 2007, Welsh-language folk guitarist Meic Stevens performed his first London gig in over 30 years at the Halfmoon. Other memorable gigs at the Halfmoon include k.d. lang's first UK appearance, Kate Bush's first ever public performance and a surprise appearance by Nick Cave.
The Halfmoon has always been synonymous with a certain local band The Rolling Stones, whose most recent visit was a private event held in May 2000. As well as performing as the band, individual members have appeared here in various side-projects, and have also used the venue for rehearsal space.
As well as music, the Halfmoon has seen comedy acts, including Billy Connolly, Harry Hill and Al Murray.
Artists who have appeared.
A small selection of artists that have performed or recorded at the venue since the mid-60s include the Rolling Stones, The Who, U2, The Revelators, The Small Faces, Kasabian, Ralph McTell, John Martyn, John Mayall's Bluesbreakers, Alexis Korner, The Yardbirds, Morrissey–Mullen - who had a residency there of several years' standing, Rocket 88, The De Luxe Blues Band, Fairport Convention, Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band, Roy Harper, Van Morrison, Dr. Feelgood, Elvis Costello, Meic Stevens, Finley Quaye, I Am Kloot, The Cutaway, Bo Diddley, John Otway, Amy McDonald, The Zarrs, as well as k.d. lang's first UK appearance, and Kate Bush's first public performance. 
It has also hosted comedy from the likes of Billy Connolly, Harry Hill, Rufus Hound, Shappi Khorsandi, Norman Lovett, Bob Mills, Milton Jones and Al Murray.

</doc>
<doc id="18342728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342728" title="Alain Mamou-Mani">
Alain Mamou-Mani

Alain Mamou-Mani, born 26 December 1949 in Nabeul, Tunisia is a French film producer and writer.

</doc>
<doc id="18342766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342766" title="List of communities in Alaska">
List of communities in Alaska

This is an incomplete list of communities in Alaska. The original list was populated from: and and 

</doc>
<doc id="18342768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342768" title="Carcariass">
Carcariass

Carcariass is a Swiss-French melodic/technical death metal band. The name Carcariass is taken from "Carcharodon carcharias", the great white shark.
History.
Carcariass is a technical death metal band, formed in 1996 in Besançon, in the center of Europe, making them one of the elder bands of the French underground. The current line-up is Pascal Lanquetin (lead and rhythm guitar), Raphaël Couturier (bass and vocals), Bertrand Simonin (drums) and Jérome Lachenal (rhythm guitar; also of Your Own Decay).
In 1996, the band recorded its first five-track demo cassette, "Ancestral War", which gained the band a certain amount of recognition. The band also played a number of gigs in support of the demo, most notably supporting Sadist on the March 1995 French tour. In 1997, the Carcariass recorded its first album, consisting of nine songs, entitled "Hell On Earth". By this time, the band had evolved from their earlier sound to a more technical and melodic style. They played a number of gigs around with local bands before supporting Cradle of Filth in Strasbourg in April 1997.
Carcariass followed up their debut in 1998 with their second album, "Sideral Torment", recorded at the Impuls Studios, Belgium with Stephan Kraemer and released through the Swiss label Impact Records. A third album, "Killing Process", followed in Spring 2002 through Adipocere Records. It was recorded at LB-LAB, near Lille, with Stéphane Buriez (Loudblast). Further touring involved playing with such high profile acts as Impaled Nazarene and Alastis throughout France and Europe.
Since 2006, Carcariass has authorised the free download of their first two albums from their website. The band have now released their third album named "Killing Process" and you can download it for free from their website.
The band has become a well known force in the French underground, and have garnered many positive reviews in the international metal press. Further useful exposure came from the inclusion of Carcariass tracks on free CDs given away with magazines such as "Metallian" and "Hard Rock".
On June 24, 2009, the band have released their fourth album "E-xtinction" through Great Dane Records. The album includes 4 tracks with vocals and 4 instrumental songs. The 4 tracks with vocals are also included as bonus tracks to the album in instrumental versions with added guitar parts.

</doc>
<doc id="18342817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342817" title="Long Barn">
Long Barn

Long Barn, located in the village of Sevenoaks Weald, Kent, is a Grade II listed property and the former home of Vita Sackville-West and Harold Nicolson. The house is also notable for having famous residents like Douglas Fairbanks and Charles Lindbergh at various times.
History.
Long Barn is thought to date in part from the mid-fourteenth century, at which time this substantial house was divided into farm workers' accommodations. By the nineteenth century it had been restored and extended by the addition of a long barn, hence the name of the house, which was moved to the site from the field below. Restoration work was started by the Thompsons and later continued by the diplomat Harold Nicolson and his wife, writer Vita Sackville-West, who lived there until 1931.
A formal garden was begun by Sackville-West and Nicolson when they bought the house in 1915. The garden at Long Barn, like their later garden at Sissinghurst, was a product of the couple's different tastes and temperaments. It was further developed by their friend Edwin Lutyens in 1925.
Visitors.
The Bloomsbury Group often met at Long Barn, and visitors included Virginia Woolf, Stephen Spender, Clive Bell, Lytton Strachey, E. M. Forster, Hugh Walpole, and others like Roy Campbell, Rosamund Grosvenor (Vita's childhood lover), Violet Trefusis, Charlie Chaplin, and Douglas Fairbanks.
After the kidnapping of their son, the American aviator Charles Lindbergh and his wife, the aviator and author Anne Morrow, rented the house from the Nicolsons. Their second child is remembered by the villagers as being watched over by an armed body guard while playing in the grounds.
Present day.
Although the house is not open to the public, the gardens of Long Barn are opened periodically and during Christian Aid Week.

</doc>
<doc id="18342819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342819" title="Samenlevingscontract">
Samenlevingscontract

Under Dutch law, a samenlevingscontract is a written agreement loosely translating to "cohabitation agreement". It has been compared to marriage, but merely governs the so-called property relationships between two or more people who are cohabiting. It does not necessarily imply a marriage-like (or sexual) relationship exists, but the contract can include agreements about any children within the cohabitation arrangement.
Since the 1980s the contract has been popular among two different groups in Dutch society: people who wanted to formalise their relationship, but did not want to marry, and people who wanted to marry but could not legally do so. With the introduction first of registered partnerships and later the broadening of marriage to include gay and lesbians in the Netherlands, the need for a samenlevingscontract for the latter has become less pronounced.

</doc>
<doc id="18342827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342827" title="The Prince's Foundation for Integrated Health">
The Prince's Foundation for Integrated Health

The Foundation for Integrated Health (FIH) was a controversial charity run by Charles, Prince of Wales and founded in 1993. The Foundation promoted alternative and complementary medicine, preferring to use the term "integrated health", and lobbied for its inclusion in the National Health Service. The charity closed in 2010 after allegations of fraud and money laundering led to the arrest of a former official.
History.
Prince Charles established the charity in 1993 to explore "how safe, proven complementary therapies can work in conjunction with mainstream medicine".
Dr Michael Dixon was appointed the Foundation's medical director. From 2005 to 2007, FIH received a grant from the Department of Health to help organise the self-regulation of complementary therapies. There had been concern that with a large proportion of the public turning to complementary approaches, there were few safeguards in place to ensure that non-statutorily regulated therapists were safe, trained and would act in an appropriate way. FIH worked to bring together the representative bodies of many complementary professions to talk and agree standards. The result was the formation of the Complementary and Natural Healthcare Council (CNHC) which had hoped to register 10,000 practitioners of complementary medicine by the end of 2009 but which by September 2009 had succeeded in enrolling less than a tenth of that number due to lack of interest on the part of some of their professional associations. The Department of Health is currently continuing to fund the CNHC but future funding will be dependent on substantial progress being made towards the target (which has now been reduced to 2,000). Alternative medicine campaigners argued that the move toward regulation conferred undue respectability on unproven and possibly unsafe CAM approaches.
FIH also worked with medical schools to increase the understanding of complementary approaches amongst new doctors and ran an annual awards ceremony for integrated health schemes both within the medical world and in the community.
The papers of the Foundation for Integrated Health are held at the Wellcome Library, Archives and Manuscripts, and are available for consultation by appointment. Further details about the collection can be found on the Wellcome online catalogue.
Controversy.
The Prince of Wales has demonstrated an interest in alternative medicine, the promotion of which has occasionally resulted in controversy. In 2004, the Foundation divided the scientific and medical community over its campaign encouraging general practitioners to offer herbal and other alternative treatments to National Health Service patients, and in May 2006, The Prince made a speech to an audience of health ministers from various countries at the World Health Assembly in Geneva, urging them to develop a plan for integrating conventional and alternative medicine.
In April 2008, "The Times" published a letter from Edzard Ernst that asked the Prince's Foundation to recall two guides promoting "alternative medicine", saying: "the majority of alternative therapies appear to be clinically ineffective, and many are downright dangerous." A speaker for the foundation countered the criticism by stating: "We entirely reject the accusation that our online publication "Complementary Healthcare: A Guide" contains any misleading or inaccurate claims about the benefits of complementary therapies. On the contrary, it treats people as adults and takes a responsible approach by encouraging people to look at reliable sources of information... so that they can make informed decisions. The foundation does not promote complementary therapies." Ernst has recently published a book with science writer Simon Singh condemning alternative medicine called "Trick or Treatment: Alternative Medicine on Trial". The book is ironically dedicated to "HRH the Prince of Wales" and the last chapter is very critical of his advocacy of "complementary" and "alternative" treatments.
The Prince's Duchy Originals produce a variety of CAM products including a “Detox Tincture” that Professor Edzard Ernst has denounced as "financially exploiting the vulnerable" and "outright quackery". In May 2009, the Advertising Standards Authority criticised an email that Duchy Originals had sent out to advertise its Echina-Relief, Hyperi-Lift and Detox Tinctures products saying it was misleading.
Funding.
Between 2005 and 2007 the charity's annual turnover was about £1.2 million. In 2007 it received significant funding from The Prince's Charities Foundation, and a £300,000 grant from the Department of Health for the regulation of complementary medicine.
Lobbying allegations.
The Prince personally wrote at least seven letters to the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) shortly before they relaxed the rules governing labelling of herbal products such as the ones sold by his Duchy. A move that has been widely condemned by scientists and medical bodies.
On 31 October 2009 it was reported that Prince Charles had personally lobbied Health Secretary Andy Burnham regarding greater provision of alternative treatments on the NHS.
Charity Commission complaint.
In March 2010, the political organisation Republic, which campaigns for an elected head of state, registered a complaint with the Charity Commission for England and Wales over a possible breach of charity regulations, suggesting that the foundation's staff had pursued a public vendetta against Edzard Ernst, a professor of complementary medicine and prominent critic of the Prince of Wales' support for alternative medicine.
Fraud allegations and closure.
In 2010, following accounting irregularities noted by the auditor, it was reported that the Metropolitan Police Economic and Specialist Crime Command had begun an inquiry into alleged fraud.
On 30 April 2010, just four days after the arrests, the FIH announced that it would close, dubiously claiming that it "has achieved its key objective of promoting the use of integrated health." The Foundation later stated that its plans to close had been brought forward by the fraud allegations.
Rebranding as "The College of Medicine".
Following the disbanding of the Prince's Foundation, many of the individuals and organisations involved launched a new organisation in late 2010 called "The College of Medicine," with which the Prince of Wales was not overtly involved. Several commentators writing in The Guardian and The British Medical Journal, have expressed the opinion that the new organisation is simply a re-branding of the Prince's "Foundation," describing it as "Hamlet without the Prince".
In support of this connection with Prince Charles, alternative medicine critic and pharmacologist David Colquhoun has argued that the College (originally called "The College of Integrated Health") is extremely well-funded and seemed from the beginning to be very confident of the Prince's support; explicitly describing its mission as "to take forward the vision of HRH the Prince of Wales".
These claims have been contested by the College.

</doc>
<doc id="18342843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342843" title="Muscatine, Iowa micropolitan area">
Muscatine, Iowa micropolitan area

The Muscatine Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in east central Iowa, anchored by the city of Muscatine. The Muscatine Micropolitan Statistical Area is also a part of the Davenport-Moline, IA-IL Combined Statistical Area (CSA), which has a population of 474,226, making it the 90th-largest CSA in the nation.
As of the 2000 census, the area had a population of 53,905 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 54,179).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 53,905 people, 20,366 households, and 14,599 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 91.44% White, 0.60% African American, 0.28% Native American, 0.68% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 5.71% from other races, and 1.26% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 12.08% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $40,445, and the median income for a family was $46,173. Males had a median income of $33,811 versus $23,439 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $18,635.

</doc>
<doc id="18342857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342857" title="Scott Pape">
Scott Pape

Scott Pape is an investment advisor, author and radio commentator who lives in Melbourne, Australia.
Career.
Scott Pape grew up in Ouyen, Victoria, where he held odd jobs – once being paid by his father with a single BHP share. He later attended La Trobe University, receiving his Bachelor of Business degree in 2001.
Pape writes a weekly syndicated column that appears in the Courier Mail, Herald Sun, Adelaide Advertiser, Hobart Mercury, Sunday Perth Times, Yahoo7 and The Daily Telegraph. He is also a radio commentator for Triple M, and a regular contributor to ABC radio. In 2003 Scott presented a weekly finance show for young people on SYN Radio in Melbourne. In 2004, Pape wrote a book, "The Barefoot Investor". It has since been revised and is now sold throughout Europe. Scott Pape has a business show bearing the same name "The Barefoot Investor", which runs on CNBC.
He has most recently appeared as the financial expert on the SBS show "The Nest". In April 2008, he was a participant in the Australia 2020 Summit. Pape was previously a regular guest on The 7PM Project.

</doc>
<doc id="18342885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342885" title="L. Rødne og Sønner">
L. Rødne og Sønner

L. Rødne og Sønner AS is a passenger ferry operating company in Rogaland and Hordaland, Norway. It operates 14 ferries, of which 11 are fast ferries. The company operates public transport for the transport authorities Kolumbus and Skyss, boat ambulance services for Stavanger Hospital Trust, Fonna Hospital Trust and Bergen Hospital Trust, and since 1974 charter tourist services in Lysefjord. The company was founded in 1956, based in Sjernarøy and owned by ten members of the Rødne family.

</doc>
<doc id="18342917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342917" title="Syed Ahmad Syed Mahmud Shahabuddin">
Syed Ahmad Syed Mahmud Shahabuddin

Tun Datuk Seri Utama Syed Ahmad Al-Haj bin Syed Mahmud Shahabuddin (4 May 1925 – 7 July 2008) was a Malaysian politician. He was the Menteri Besar of Kedah from 1967 to 1978 and the fifth Yang di-Pertua Negeri (Governor) of Melaka state from 1984 until 2004.
Life.
Syed Ahmad was born on 4 May 1925 in Kulim, Kedah, Malaysia. He is the third son of five brothers and sisters. Syed Ahmad received his early education at Sekolah Melayu Kulim (Kulim Malay School) in 1932 till 1935 and continued his education at the Sultan Abdul Hamid College, Alor Star till he passed his Senior Cambridge Examination in 1947.
Syed Ahmad had wide experience and actively engaged in politics. He was the Kedah UMNO Assistant Secretary (1951–1954), Secretary Kedah UMNO (1954–1967), Chairman, UMNO State Liaison Committee and Kedah National Front (1967–1978), UMNO Supreme Council Member (1968–1978), and Deputy Chairman, UMNO State Liaison Committee and Kedah National Front (1978–1984).
Syed Ahmad was appointed as Menteri Besar of Kedah (1967–1978) and Deputy Minister, Ministry of Home Affairs (1978–1982 and Malaysia's High Commissioner to Singapore (1982–1984). In 1984, He was appointed as the fifth Yang di-Pertua Negeri (Governor) of Melaka state.
Syed Ahmad married Toh Puan Sharifah Haniffah binti Syed Alwi in 1950 and they are blessed with six children. Toh Puan died on 5 July 1993 in Kuala Lumpur. In 1960, H.E. Tun married Toh Puan Datuk Seri Datin Seri Utama Marfuza bte Sheikh Mohd Osman and they are blessed with 4 children.
Deaths.
Syed Ahmad died on 7 July 2008 at his house in Taman Tun Dr Ismail, Kuala Lumpur. He was 83 years old. His body was buried at Melaka's State Heroes Mausoleum "(Makam Pahlawan Negeri)" near Al Azim Mosque in Malacca Town, Melaka. He was the first state leader to be buried there.
Honours and titles.
He has been awarded :
Titles.
He held the title of ""Tun Datuk Seri Utama"" by combination of his highest Federal Malaysian title ""Tun"" (SMN) and his highest Malaccan title ""Datuk Seri Utama"" (DUNM)

</doc>
<doc id="18342925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342925" title="Ed Phillips (pitcher)">
Ed Phillips (pitcher)

Norman Edwin Phillips (born September 20, 1944 in Ardmore, Oklahoma) is a former middle relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Boston Red Sox during the season. Listed at 6' 1", 190 lb., Phillips batted and threw right-handed. He was selected by the Red Sox in the 1966 draft out of Colby College.
In 18 relief appearances, Phillips posted a 0-2 record with a 5.32 ERA without a save, giving up 14 runs on 29 hits and 10 walks while striking out 23 in 23 ⅔ innings of work.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18342931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342931" title="Literal (magazine)">
Literal (magazine)

Literal: Latin American Voices is a quarterly cultural magazine focusing on art, architecture, literature, politics, culture, writers, intellectualism and current world events. It publishes most of its articles in both English and Spanish. It distributes nationwide in Mexico, the United States and Canada.
History.
"Literal" was founded in 2004 by Rose Mary Salum. Its purpose is to provide a medium for the critique and diffusion of the Latin American literature and art, recognizing its potential strength as a point of departure for understanding.
Reception and awards.
"Literal" has won 2 Council of Editors of Learned Journals (CELJ) Awards and four Lone Star Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18342939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342939" title="Lycée Champollion">
Lycée Champollion

The lycée Champollion or "Champo" is a French secondary school and higher education establishment in Grenoble, at 1 Cours La Fontaine, one block from the Place Victor Hugo. Its present director is M. Coppere.
The second oldest lycée in Grenoble (after the lycée Stendhal, where the linguist Jean-François Champollion was educated), the lycée Champollion is best known for the quality of its classes préparatoires, making it the traditional school for the elites of Dauphiné and Savoy.
History.
The decision to build a second lycée in the town and to name it after the linguist Champollion was taken in 1880. Designs were commissioned from the architect Joseph Auguste Émile Vaudremer and the building was completed in October 1887.
Classes Préparatoires.
In 2007, about 800 students were in classes préparatoires at the lycée Champollion.

</doc>
<doc id="18342959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342959" title="Ball dress">
Ball dress

A ball dress is a uniform worn to balls. They often come in various colors. The top is generally a jacket with epaulettes and the trousers are formal trousers in a solid color. Shoes are often dress boots. Short evening gloves may or may not be worn. The length of the jacket and be thigh-length or have tapering tails at the back. White tie is generally worn to the most formal occasions, but there are times when males attending such occasions opt for ball dress.

</doc>
<doc id="18342975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342975" title="Harutzim">
Harutzim

Harutzim (, "lit." Diligents) is a communal settlement in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain near Ra'anana, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaSharon Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 668.
The village was established in 1951. "Name is taken from Biblical verse" (Proverbs 10:4): "The hand of the diligents makes rich."

</doc>
<doc id="18342981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18342981" title="Terry Moore (musician)">
Terry Moore (musician)

Terry Moore or Terence Moore (born St Albans, England) is a New Zealand musician, best known as a former member of the band The Chills, for whom he played bass from 1981–83, 1985–86 and again from 1991-93. He has also worked as a recording engineer and producer in NZ, UK and US, as well as being a member of other bands, most notably the seminal Bored Games, where he played alongside future Straitjacket Fits and Dimmer leader Shayne Carter. Left the music industry in the 1990s to work on Internet startups, and later in Financial Services technology. Currently residing in New York and married to Nicky O'Connor.

</doc>
<doc id="18343010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343010" title="Lycée Stendhal">
Lycée Stendhal

The lycée Stendhal, formerly Cité scolaire Stendhal, is a secondary and higher education establishment in Grenoble. It is the oldest lycée in Grenoble, and its pupils have included Stendhal (after whom it is now named) and Champollion. It is located at 1 bis, place Jean-Achard, and can be visited by the public on certain Saturdays.
History.
It was founded as a Jesuit college in 1651, and still has a chapel and an astronomical and astrological sundial dating to 1673. In 1987, an international section was added but has since relocated to the Cité Scolaire Internationale de Grenoble (CSI Europole).

</doc>
<doc id="18343044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343044" title="Arsuf, Hof HaSharon">
Arsuf, Hof HaSharon

Arsuf () is a village in central Israel. Located on the Mediterranean coast near Herzliya, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaSharon Regional Council. In 2011 it had a population of 148.
The village was established in 1995, and was named after the ancient city of Arsuf which is located nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="18343061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343061" title="Association for Perioperative Practice">
Association for Perioperative Practice

The Association for Perioperative Practice (AfPP), formerly the National Association of Theatre Nurses (NATN), is a British charity and professional body whose aims "include the promotion of high standards of perioperative care, the exchange of professional information between members and co-operation with other professional bodies".

</doc>
<doc id="18343082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343082" title="National Reserves of New Zealand">
National Reserves of New Zealand

A National Reserve is a land status designation in New Zealand. National Reserves cover a total land area of 96,198 hectares.
There are three National Reserves:
National Reserves are administered by the Department of Conservation and are controlled by the Reserves Act 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18343116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343116" title="Thomas Bond Walker">
Thomas Bond Walker

Thomas Bond Walker (1861 London - 1933) was an Irish painter.
Walker moved to Belfast in the 1880s and started exhibiting with the "Belfast Art Society". According to the 1911 Census of Ireland, Tom Bond Walker, a widower by this time, and his only child, David Bond Walker (b. 1892) were residing at Rushfield Avenue, in the upper Ormeau Road area of south Belfast. Tom is specified as a ‘Portrait Painter.’
To augment his income he tutored private pupils, one of whom was Paul Henry. Henry recalled Walker as ""a shy, retiring, ineffectual little man with a genuine enthusiasm for teaching"". Henry was sixteen when he first met Walker, an encounter which Henry later described as having "“changed the whole course”" of his life by being introduced to oil paints.
Walker later introduced Henry to the paintings of Robert W. Fraser (fl. 1874-c.1901), whose work he greatly admired. Fraser often painted scenes of rivers, estuaries and boats. Henry's seascapes date from this period and the influence of Fraser is evident.

</doc>
<doc id="18343139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343139" title="Navizon">
Navizon

Navizon, Inc. is a provider of location-based services and products. Navizon was an early developer of technology that makes it possible to determine the geographic position of a mobile device using as reference the location of cell phone towers and Wi-Fi-based wireless access points instead of GPS. Navizon also developed technology for locating mobile devices indoors with room and floor-level accuracy.
Navizon, initially known as Mexens Technology, was founded by a team from the Internet Protocol geolocation market. Its founder and CEO, Cyril Houri, was founder and CEO of Infosplit, a provider of IP address geolocation services started in 1999 that was acquired in 2004.
Global Positioning.
In 2005, Mexens Technology, as Navizon, Inc. was formerly named, introduced Navizon, a hybrid positioning system combining GPS, Wi-Fi and cellular positioning.
Mobile device users obtain their position through the Navizon app, which calculates the locations of cell sites and Wi-Fi access points by analyzing the signal strength at different locations. Navizon's database of cellular tower and Wi-Fi access point locations was built by a global community of users through crowdsourcing.
The Navizon app also provides access to features such as Buddy Finder, which allows users to find the location of other registered users, and incentives through the Navizon Rewards System, which allows users to earn rewards for contributing data through Navizon's crowdsourcing initiative.
Navizon's positioning products and services include the Navizon app, for individuals, and wireless positioning systems for corporations. In March 2009, the Navizon Wi-Fi positioning system was licensed by Yahoo Mobile and in March 2010 Microsoft selected Navizon for Wi-Fi and Cellular positioning.
Locating devices indoors.
In 2011, Navizon unveiled Indoor Triangulation System (I.T.S.), a location based service for businesses that tracks Wi-Fi enabled smart phones, tablets and notebooks, and gives a view of people traffic inside a building or throughout a campus with room-and floor-level accuracy.
Patents.
In 2006, Mexens Technology, Inc. received United States Patent No. 7,397,424 for its “System and Method for Enabling Continuous Geographic Location Estimation for Wireless Computing Devices”.
In 2008, Mexens Technology, Inc. received a second patent, United States Patent No. 7,696,923 for its “System and method for determining geographic location of wireless computing devices”.

</doc>
<doc id="18343159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343159" title="Konchem Koththaga">
Konchem Koththaga

Konchem Koththaga is a 2008 Telugu film directed, written by Raju Rajendra Prasad. Venkat plays the lead role while Ali, Tulip Joshi, Ashish Vidyarthi and Johnny Lever play other roles.
Plot.
A girl (Tulip Joshi) lives in a bungalow. She spends time reading News Paper, magazines and solving puzzles. She listens to some noise in the house but finds no one. She feels she is alone. But she is not. There is another man in the house (Venkat). He too feels the same. He feels he is alone in that bungalow but not. He listens to some noises but never faces the girl. Meanwhile a thief comes into the bungalow. Then in an attempt to catch the thief, both the man and girl happen to see each other. Then a police cop enters the house. The secret relating to a couple of murders in the bungalow sees light. What are those murders? Who are murderers? Who are the girl and man? That has to be watched on screen.

</doc>
<doc id="18343162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343162" title="Sanqing">
Sanqing

Sanqing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18343172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343172" title="Utah State Route 238">
Utah State Route 238

Utah State Route 238 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18343180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343180" title="Utah State Route 237">
Utah State Route 237

Utah State Route 237 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18343193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343193" title="Engelsberg-Norberg Railway">
Engelsberg-Norberg Railway

Engelsberg-Norbergs Järnväg, the Engelsberg-Norberg Railway, is a (normal gauge) railway between Ängelsberg and Kärrgruvan in the province of Västmanland in Sweden, now being used by the "Engelsberg-Norbergs Järnvägshistoriska Förening" (ENJ), a heritage railway association.
History.
The long railway line was built in the 1850s with the purpose of transporting iron ore between the Norberg mining area and the lake Åmänningen, for further transport on barges on the Strömsholm Canal. Transport of goods on the first part of the line, Kärrgruvan – Trättbo begun in December 1853 with the first steam engine built in Sweden, "Förstlingen" ("the First One"), constructed by the Munktell Mechanical Workshops in Eskilstuna. A reconstructed company, "Norbergs Nya Järnvägs AB" was formed in 1855 and finished the whole line to Ängelsberg at the lake of Åmänningen in 1856. At that time the railway had a gauge, widened to the Swedish normal gauge of in 1876.
In 1962 passenger service was discontinued, followed by freight services in the mid 1990s.
The Heritage Railway Association.
Engelsberg-Norbergs Järnvägshistoriska Förening (ENJ), the Engelsberg-Norberg Heritage Railway Association, started in 1999, aims to organize regular traffic for tourists with diesel railcars between Ängelsberg and Kärrgruvan. The association has two locomotive sheds, including a roundhouse and turntable at Ängelsberg and a shed at Kärrgruvan. The latter was built in 1857 and is the oldest preserved locomotive shed in Sweden.
ENJ uses three 1950s railcars for regular traffic:
ENJ also has other stock for permanent way and maintenance use, including:
As well as various coaching stock awaiting restoration in the sidings at Kärrgruvan. ENJ's long term hopes are to run a summer steam service on the line, and has secured these coaches to be used when appropriate motive power becomes available. For now, the railcars provide the backbone of the service.
References.
This article is based on the article about the Engelsberg-Norbergs Järnväg in the Swedish language Wikipedia.

</doc>
<doc id="18343203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343203" title="The Cleaner (TV series)">
The Cleaner (TV series)

The Cleaner is an A&E television series starring Benjamin Bratt. It debuted on Tuesday, July 15, 2008 at 10:00 pm EST and the last episode aired on September 15, 2009, when the show was officially cancelled.
It was produced by CBS Television Studios, formerly CBS Paramount Network Television. It was then the company's only series not airing on a CBS-owned network.
Synopsis.
William Banks is a recovering drug addict that lives in Los Angeles, California. When his daughter Lula was born, Banks "made a deal with God", pledging that if he is given a second chance, he will end his drug abuse and help others end their addictions to drugs and alcohol. The show's intro states that Banks also helps people overcome addictions to sex and gambling, however, neither one has been the focus of an episode. The series centers around Banks and his small team of recovering addicts who work to help others in recovering from their addictions. He and his team will resort to unethical and illegal tactics in order to end their clients' addictions. His success at cleaning people's addictions has gained him the respect of the LAPD and other officials, who almost always turn a blind eye to the vigilante's methods. In fact, the LAPD and other law officials will frequently refer clients to Banks. Banks appears to believe that his work is a Calling and will therefore work pro bono if a client cannot afford his services. Banks runs a busy life; besides his addiction fighting capers, he runs a shop that primarily sells surfing equipment. His shop is connected to a garage where his business repairs automobiles and surfboards. Besides that he also works at a drug rehabilitation center called Transitions.
Each episode typically begins with Banks having a one-way conversation with God (or "talking", as he refers to it), usually asking for guidance and clarity on his mission, the meaning of life and human nature, among other things. Other times Banks will air his grievances to God, asking why He (God) allows bad things to happen. William's one-way communications with God are somewhat of a theme during the series, implying that his faith plays an important role in his sobriety. However, whether all the scenes where Banks is shown praying out loud to God are real or whether they are simply illustrations of what is going on in his mind, are left ambiguous to the viewers.
Production.
"The Cleaner", whose protagonist, according to A&E, helps others defeat their habits "by any means necessary", is the first original drama for this cable network in over six years.
The show is loosely based on the life of Warren Boyd who, as an addictions counselor, has helped such people as Mel Gibson, Courtney Love, and Whitney Houston. On October 27, 2008 A&E declared they would pick up a second season of "The Cleaner". It went into production of thirteen all-new episodes, and premiered on June 23, 2009. A&E opted not to renew the series for a third season on September 25, 2009.
DVD release.
The Cleaner: The First Season.
The first season of "The Cleaner" was released on DVD on June 9, 2009.
The Cleaner: The Final Season.
The final season of "The Cleaner" was released on DVD on June 1, 2010.
Ratings.
2008 first-run ratings for "The Cleaner" were 1.1 million in the 18-49 demographic. The series finale averaged 1.528 million viewers in live+7.

</doc>
<doc id="18343209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343209" title="Hugo Faria">
Hugo Faria

Hugo Miguel da Encarnação Pires Faria (born 15 February 1983 in São Brás de Alportel, Faro) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Kalloni F.C. in Greece, as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="18343230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343230" title="Volume 9">
Volume 9

Volume 9, also known as 10th Anniversary album, is the ninth studio album of South Korean boy band Shinhwa. It was released on 3 April 2008 by Good Entertainment, marking the group's 10th anniversary. It was first released as a "First Press Limited Edition", with 50,000 copies, each with a hologram serial number and a 120 page photobook. The regular edition was released a week later. A 20,000 copies repackaged "White Edition" was released on 3 July 2008, which included new track, "Destiny of Love" (흔적) and a music video which feature footage from their "Shinhwa Must Go On: 10th Anniversary Live" concert held on 29 and 30 March 2008 at the Olympic Gymnastics Arena, Seoul.
"One More Time" (다시 한번만), a ballad track, was the first lead track to be released, as a digital single on 24 March 2008. "Run" was the next lead track to be released with a promotional music video.
Charts.
Shinhwa did limited promotional activities for this album, due to members' solo activities, and it sold over 100,000 copies in the first month. It was ranked 1st in album sales for the April monthly chart, but did not chart in May; and it charted at #25 in June and #3 in July.

</doc>
<doc id="18343259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343259" title="Saint-Pierre-de-Montrouge">
Saint-Pierre-de-Montrouge

Saint-Pierre-de-Montrouge is a 19th-century church in Paris, in the Petit-Montrouge quarter of the XIVe arrondissement.
It was built from 1863, during Hausmann's redesign of the city, by Joseph Auguste Émile Vaudremer, the architect charged with designing the 14e arrondissement. It occupies a triangular site bounded by the Avenue du Maine and the avenue du général-Leclerc, and its bell-tower faces the quarter's central square.

</doc>
<doc id="18343262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343262" title="Immediations">
Immediations

immediations is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal in the history of art, published by the Courtauld Institute of Art, London. The journal was established in 2004 by Louise Sørensen, John-Paul Stonard, and Linda Goddard.
"immediations" covers research on any period in the history of art by current or recent members of the postgraduate community of the Courtauld Institute of Art. "immediations" also publishes interviews with art historians, artists and curators, and transcripts of events held at The Courtauld Institute of Art Research Forum.
In 2009, "immediations" initiated an occasional series of period-specific, themed volumes with "immediations Conference Papers 1: Art and Nature, Studies in Medieval Art and Architecture" (ISBN 978-1907485008), edited by Laura Cleaver, Kathryn Gerry, and Jim Harris.
Editors.
Previous editors-in-chief have been:
Cover designs.
The cover of each edition is commissioned from a contemporary artist.

</doc>
<doc id="18343308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343308" title="Spanish Chilean">
Spanish Chilean

Spanish Chileans (in Spanish: "Chileno-español") refer more often to Chileans of post-independence Spanish immigrant descent, as they have retained a Spanish cultural identity. People of pre-independence Spanish descent are usually not considered Spanish Chileans even though they form a large majority of the Chilean population and have Spanish surnames. This is because they rejected Spanish identity for the emergent Chilean one on the eve of national independence.
The earliest European immigrants were Spanish colonisers who arrived in the 16th century. They came to form the majority of the population by the time of Chilean independence. They came mainly from Castile and Andalusia and formed the majority population. The Amerindian population of central Chile was absorbed into the Spanish setter population in the beginning of the colonial period to form the large mestizo population that exists in Chile today. In the 18th and 19th centuries, many Basques from both Spain and France came to Chile were they integrated into the existing elites of Castilian origin. Other European nationalities then followed and also became rich and fused with each other and the Basque-Castilian elite to create modern middle and upper classes. In the 20th century, there was an influx of refugees of the Spanish Civil War and Franco's regime.(see Winnipeg ship) They have kepted their Spanish national identity and set up Spanish clubs throughout the country. The Spanish culture of the original settlers slowly evolved into Chilean folk culture, especially the huaso one, and at the time of independence had abandoned national affiliation with Spain.
Today, most Chileans have predominately Spanish ancestry. However, unlike most other Spanish-American countries, very few buildings were built by Spaniards during the colonial period. One or two colonial buildings from the later stage of Spanish domination might still be standing in a few cities in central Chile. However, there are two small towns in Chile whose city centre is dominated by Spanish architecture, Cobquecura, near Concepcion, and Yerbas Buenas, near Linares. Because of this exception to the rule, they are protected by the Chilean government as 'places of architectural heritage'. Most houses are American in style, while the old public buildings are French and the newer ones are based on American skycrapers.
Chileans of pure Spanish descent (colonial stock) have been discriminated against by Chileans with other European ancestry (Basque, English, French, German) since independence. Hence, French, British, German surnames have prestige as well as Basque (apellidos vinosos), over Spanish surnames. The same is true with appearance, where northern European features (pale completion and light-coloured hair and eyes) are favoured over a Mediterranean appearance. This has been instrumental is discrimination in terms of employment of good jobs and woman on TV are lighter than the average woman. However, this reason is not admitted or recognised by Chileans in general who accepted this hidden racism as the status quo. Chileans of colonial Spanish stock themselves despise that heritage.
List of Spanish cultural centres and other institutions in Chile.
They have regional cultural centres in Santiago and other large cities.

</doc>
<doc id="18343317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343317" title="Rachel Lichtenstein">
Rachel Lichtenstein

Rachel Lichtenstein is a writer, artist and archivist.
In 1999 she wrote "Rodinsky's Room" with Iain Sinclair, and since then she has published "Rodinsky's Whitechapel" (1999) and "On Brick Lane" (2007). This last will be joined by two other books, "Hatton Garden" and "Portobello Road" to form a trilogy on London street markets.
In 2003, she became the British Library's first "Pearson Creative Research Fellow", producing a work entitled "Add. 17469: A Little Dust Whispered" – both as an installation within the Library, and a subsequent book.

</doc>
<doc id="18343325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343325" title="Rumsey Hall (Shepherdstown, West Virginia)">
Rumsey Hall (Shepherdstown, West Virginia)

Rumsey Hall, also known as the Entler Hotel, is an historic building in Shepherdstown, West Virginia. The building is located in the center of the Shepherdstown Historic District and is a composite of six separate phases of construction. The earliest portion was built in 1786, and was the home belonging to Christian Cookus. This section burned in 1912. This section was separated by a narrow passage from the core of the hotel property, first started in the 1790s by owner Daniel Bedinger. This Federal style structure was expanded to the corner sometime before 1809, with a further addition along Princess Street by 1815. A kitchen and a carriage house completed the complex. Significant interior features remain. In 1809 a store was opened in the corner building, operated by James Brown. At about the same time, the Globe Tavern opened, offering overnight accommodations. In 1815, Bedinger sold the property to James Brown and Edward Lucas for $6,000. In 1820 it was again sold, to Thomas Crown of Washington, D.C., for $4000. By this time the tavern was managed by Thomas James and the hotel by Daniel Entler. In 1823, Daniel Entler became the manager of the entire property. The Entlers managed the properties until 1873, when they moved to Piedmont, West Virginia, while retaining ownership of the hotel.
The Entler Hotel was one of two in Shepherdstown run by Entlers. Daniel Entler's brother Joseph ran the Great Western Hotel, and both were the sons of a German immigrant butcher and innkeeper from York, Pennsylvania.
The Entler Hotel was the chief venue in Shepherdstown for social events. After the Battle of Antietam, three miles away, Shepherdstown became a field hospital for the wounded, with many severely wounded brought to the Entler. On December 14, 1898, the Entler received one of the first two telephones installed in Jefferson County. Several fires occurred between 1899 and 1912, with a fire in 1910 killing the manager's daughter, who was playing with matches. In 1912 a conflagration burned several buildings on the north side of German Street, including the original Entler property. The hotel closed in 1917 and in 1921 it was sold to the State of West Virginia and became the first men's dormitory at Shepherd College, at which time its name was changed to Rumsey Hall. In the 1950s the building was used as faculty apartments, then as storage.
The Town of Shepherdstown bought the Entler from the State in 1978 after a campaign to prevent the building's demolition, and began restoration work in 1982. It is presently used to house the Historic Shepherdstown Museum, office space for non-profit groups and for Town meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="18343330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343330" title="Teruto Tsubota">
Teruto Tsubota

Teruto "Terry" Tsubota (July 28, 1922 – May 22, 2013) was a second-generation Japanese-American (Nisei) and a former United States Marine. Born in Pahoa, Hawaii, Tsubota was credited with valiantly saving hundreds of civilian lives while serving as a Military Intelligence Service (MIS) combat translator with the 6th Marine Division during the Battle of Okinawa in 1945, when he was attached to the 4th Marine Regiment.
After the war, Tsubota stayed in Okinawa Prefecture. In 1947, he married Kiyoko, a young local woman who had survived being conscripted by the Imperial Japanese Army as a nurse and whom he met in a refugee camp. Together, they raised three children. He retired from the U.S. government service in January 1993. Tsubota remained a hero to the Okinawans as the man who personally prevented many combat deaths and civilian suicides during the battle. He accompanied Okinawa's governor and other officials during Bill Clinton's visit to the prefecture in 2000, and was one of the honored guests at the 59th anniversary of the battle held in the Okinawa Prefectural Peace Memorial Museum in 2004.
In 2007, the story of Tsubota and his fellow Japanese-American translators was told by James C. McNaughton in "Nisei Linguists: Japanese Americans in the Military Intelligence Service During World War II".
Teruto Tsubota died in Lihue, Hawaii, at the age of 90.

</doc>
<doc id="18343333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343333" title="Notre-Dame-d'Auteuil">
Notre-Dame-d'Auteuil

Notre-Dame-d'Auteuil is a church on the Auteuil hill in the 16e arrondissement de Paris.
History.
Auteuil was originally a hamlet and commune with its own parish, and it was only in 1860 that it was merged back into Paris. The present church was finished in 1892, having been designed in the Romano-Byzantine style by the architectural practice of Joseph Auguste Émile Vaudremer, the diocesan architect. 63m long and rectangular in plan, it has a 50m high spire. Its organ has 3 manual and pedal keyboards (both electrically powered) and 53 jeux/71 rangs, and is characterised by its high quality, best adapted for Romantic music such as that of Widor or Dupré. Its original organ, by Aristide Cavaillé-Coll, has been rebuilt in Trocadéro.

</doc>
<doc id="18343360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343360" title="Church of Ceylon">
Church of Ceylon

The Church of Ceylon, which is the Anglican Church in Sri Lanka, was established with the appointment of its first Bishop, Rt Rev James Chapman in 1845 as the Bishop of Colombo. Until 1950 it consisted only of the Diocese of Colombo but a second diocese was established at Kurunegala in that year.
The Dioceses of Colombo and Kurunegala.
The first services were held on the island in 1796 and missionaries were sent to Ceylon to begin work in 1818. The Church now has two dioceses, one in Colombo (covering the Western, Southern, Eastern, Northern and Uva provinces and Ratnapura, Nuwara Eliya and Puttalam districts) and the other in Kurunegala (covering the North-Central province and Kurunegala, Kandy, Matale and Kegalla, Anuradapura, Polonnaruwa, districts). The Diocese of Colombo was founded in 1845 and the Diocese of Kurunegala in 1950.
The Bishop of Calcutta was the Metropolitan Bishop of India and Ceylon from 10 October 1835. In 1930 Ceylon was included in the Church of India, Burma and Ceylon (from 1948 the Church of India, Pakistan, Burma, and Ceylon) until 1970. In 1970, the Church of the Province of Myanmar, the Church of Ceylon and the Church of Pakistan were separated from the province of Calcutta.
Recently, there is a movement for the amalgamation of traditional Protestant Churches (including Church of Ceylon, Methodist Church, Lanka Baptist Sangamaya, Salvation Army, Presbyterian Church of Sri Lanka and the Dutch Reformed Church in Sri Lanka) into one body, namely the Church of Sri Lanka, for which a phased road map has been accepted and the process hoped to be started in 2008.
The Bishop of Colombo, Rt. Rev. Diloraj R. Canagasabey has under him four Archdeacons for Colombo, Galle, Jaffna and Upcountry & East. The Kurunegala diocese with its only Archdeacon in Kandy is headed by Rt. Rev. Kumara Illangasingha.
The Church of Ceylon with around 30,000 members, is the second largest group of Christians in Sri Lanka, the Roman Catholic Church with 1,600,000 being the largest.
Hymn for Ceylon.
In the early 20th century an Anglican missionary, Reverend W. S. Senior arrived in Ceylon to work with the Church Missionary Society. He was Vice-Principal of Trinity College, Kandy for many years and spent three decades in the country. Reverend W. S. Senior wrote the 'Hymn for Ceylon,' sung to this day in churches on the island. The music for parts of this hymn was composed in 1950 by the leading Sri Lankan folk musician, the late Deva Suriya Sena.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODM_TsQ8N9U

</doc>
<doc id="18343362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343362" title="William Johnson (cricketer)">
William Johnson (cricketer)

William James Johnson (22 September 1884 – 14 August 1941) was a wine and spirit grocer and keen cricketer who played one first-class match for Victoria in 1924–25. He was later a selector of the Australian Test team. 
Johnson's son, Ian, went on to captain the Australian Test cricket team.

</doc>
<doc id="18343366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343366" title="Bill Slack">
Bill Slack

William Henry Slack (born May 3, 1933, at Petrolia, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional baseball pitcher, manager and coach, and a member of the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame. Although he never played Major League Baseball, Slack spent 50 years at the minor league level, and was a longtime member of the Boston Red Sox and Atlanta Braves organizations. In his playing days, he threw right-handed, batted left-handed, stood tall and weighed .
A former minor pro hockey player who toiled in the Montreal Canadiens' organization, Slack signed with the Red Sox in 1952, and won 15 games in his rookie season for the Roanoke Red Sox of the Class B Piedmont League. Slack then joined the Albany Senators of the Class A Eastern League, posting a sparkling 2.22 earned run average in 1954 and winning 16 games (losing 7) with a 2.24 ERA in 1957. He reached the highest minor league level with the San Francisco Seals and the Seattle Rainiers of the Pacific Coast League and the Louisville Colonels, Indianapolis Indians and Minneapolis Millers of the American Association, but pitched in only 70 games over parts of five seasons with those teams. All told, Slack won 79 games and lost 63 (.556) with a 3.45 ERA as a pitcher in the minor leagues. He also was an accomplished batter in those pre-designated hitter days, batting .361 for the 1952 Roanoke club.
In 1961, Slack began a 24-year career as a manager and roving minor league pitching instructor in the Red Sox farm system. He spent much of that time with the Winston-Salem Red Sox, Boston's Class A Carolina League affiliate, managing them from 1963–1968, 1970, 1973–1974, 1978–1979 and 1983–1984, and winning four pennants. He also led the Bristol Red Sox to the Double-A Eastern League championship in 1975 as a late-season replacement for manager Dick McAuliffe, who had been recalled to Boston as an active player. He won 1,120 games and lost 1,065 (.513) as a manager in the Boston system (not including his brief Bristol tenure).
Slack, who had become a full-time resident of Winston-Salem, joined the Braves in 1985 when the Red Sox left the Carolina League. He served as a minor league pitching coach for Atlanta farm clubs at the Class A and Double-A levels for another 14 years, through 1998. After two years in retirement, he briefly managed the Savannah Sand Gnats of the Class A South Atlantic League in 2001, and was the pitching coach of the Wilmington Blue Rocks for two seasons. 
Slack was named to the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame in 2002. The Winston-Salem Dash in his adopted city present the Bill Slack Community Service Award every year in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18343405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343405" title="Adelognathinae">
Adelognathinae

Adelognathinae are a subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.
Adelognathinae are idiobiont ectoparasitoids of Symphyta larvae. Distribution is Holarctic.There is only one genus the type genus "Adelognathus".

</doc>
<doc id="18343408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343408" title="Jacques-Albert Senave">
Jacques-Albert Senave

Jacques-Albert Senave (Loo, 1758 – Paris, 1823) was a Flemish painter.
After studying painting in Flanders, he went to Paris in 1780, where he worked ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="18343422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343422" title="Greatest Hits (1990 Luv' album)">
Greatest Hits (1990 Luv' album)

Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Dutch girl group Luv' released by Mercury Records/Phonogram Records. It is the CD Version of a Greatest Hits album which came out ten years earlier, including a bonus track: Luv' Hitpack. It features hit singles scored in the charts between 1977 and 1979: My Man, U.O.Me, You're the Greatest Lover, Trojan Horse, Casanova and Eeny Meeny Miny Moe. These songs were taken from the two first studio albums (With Luv' and Lots Of Luv'). The Phonogram years were the group's most successful ones in terms of chart performance as Luv' reached the Top 10 in a dozen of countries in the late 1970s.
Album history.
In 1989, Luv' was reformed with a line-up different from the original one. Meanwhile, Phonogram Records, the group's first label which held the copyright on the albums With Luv' and Lots Of Luv' and the singles taken from them, decided to release a CD compilation. The record company chose a tracklisting close to a previous Greatest Hits LP that came out ten years earlier when the original Luv' trio was active.
A bonus song was added and released as a single: Luv' Hitpack, a medley produced by Peter Slaghuis (a famous remixer of the European Dance scene known thanks to his project 'Hithouse' in the late 1980s).
Track listing.
All songs by Hans van Hemert and Piet Souer under the pseudonym Janschen & Janschens

</doc>
<doc id="18343428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343428" title="Lycée Buffon">
Lycée Buffon

The lycée Buffon is a secondary school in the XVe arrondissement of Paris, bordered by boulevard Pasteur, the rue de Vaugirard and the rue de Staël. Its nearest métro station is Pasteur. Jean-Claude Durand is its current proviseur.
It is a "cité scolaire" made up of a collège, a lycée and scientific classes préparatoires. It has 2 000 students, served by 170 professors, 4 "conseillers principaux d'éducation" and 50 other teaching personnel. It also houses an adult education centre for those taking the BTS and the Licence des métiers de l'immobilier, and a UPI, the only one in Paris for the visually impaired. The young visually impaired students can then integrate into classical education. 
The religious scholar Odon Vallet studied here, and its teachers have included the philosopher and journalist Maurice Clavel, the theatre critic and historian Gilles Sandié, and the writer and cineaste Jean Pelgri. The school's sundial can be seen on an exterior wall on rue de Vaugirard.

</doc>
<doc id="18343452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343452" title="Gülcan">
Gülcan

Gülcan is a Turkish female given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18343469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343469" title="Hot Leg">
Hot Leg

'"Hot Leg" are an English rock band led by The Darkness frontman Justin Hawkins. The band consists of Hawkins, Pete Rinaldi (of Anchorhead), Samuel SJ Stokes (formerly of The Thieves) and Darby Todd (from Protect the Beat). Their debut album "Red Light Fever" was recorded in London in early 2008, and was released on 9 February 2009 by Barbecue Rock Records.
Career.
Hot Leg released the song "Heroes" as a free download, but the track did not appear on their album, "Red Light Fever". Appearing on their official MySpace profile was Hot Leg's debut single, titled "Trojan Guitar", which was released digitally as a free download on 20 October 2008. A medley of other songs due to appear on "Red Light Fever" were posted on the band's MySpace page, titled "Mega Mix 1". "Automatic" and "Cupboard Love" (additional tracks from the "I've Met Jesus" EP) were also posted. After the release of "Red Light Fever", tracks from the album were uploaded.
Hot Leg conducted their first full tour of the United Kingdom in October 2008. During this tour, notably the band's Edinburgh date, Hawkins mentioned the band had a Christmas single entitled "I've Met Jesus", an unlikely contender for the UK Christmas number-one. Via their MySpace blog on 21 December 2008, the Leg announced that "I've Met Jesus" had hit the Christmas number-one slot in the "Man Rock" charts.
In November, Hot Leg toured the UK in support of Alter Bridge but pulled out of three dates giving Hawkins's throat infection as the reason. Hot Leg also toured in November with Extreme. Hawkins and Rinaldi guested with Extreme on the final date in London, singing a medley of Queen songs. Hot Leg made a guest appearance on the Sky One programme, "Guinness World Records Smashed", which aired on 27 November 2008.
In late February 2009, their song "Take Take Take" became available for download from their website, but did not feature on their debut album.
In late 2010, it was announced that Hot Leg were on hiatus, along with Stone Gods, which lead to rumours of there been a possible The Darkness reunion in 2011. This was confirmed on 15 March by an announcement on a new The Darkness website. Because of this the future of Hot Leg is unclear.
Discography.
All chart positions are based on UK entries.

</doc>
<doc id="18343482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343482" title="Topasses">
Topasses

Topasses (Tupasses, Topas, Topaz) were a group of people in maritime Asia in the early modern period, who claimed Portuguese ancestry or had taken up Portuguese culture and language. Topasses were found in the various places of South Asia and Southeast Asia which were frequented by the Portuguese, such as Goa, Malacca and Batavia. In particular they are associated with the ethnically mixed Portuguese group that dominated politics on Timor in the 17th and 18th centuries.
The origins.
The etymology of the name is obscure. It might come from the Indian term "dubashi", "bilingual" or "interpreter". But it has also been associated with the Hindi word "topi" (hat) which refers to the characteristic hat worn by the men of this community as a marker of their cultural attachment to the European community. Hence, they are also referred to as "gente de chapeo" in Portuguese accounts or as "gens à chapeau" in French accounts. It partly overlapped with the Dutch concept mardijker, "free men", who also usually had a Portuguese cultural background, but had no European blood in their veins. While the mardijkers served under the Dutch colonial authorities, the Topasses of Timor were staunchly opposed to the Dutch and used the symbol of the King of Portugal as their ultimate authority.
Impact on the Timor region.
As a political entity in the eastern part of Insular Southeast Asia, they arose with the Portuguese settlement on the small Island of Solor (from the 1560s), using Solor as a stepping-stone to the trade in sandalwood on Timor. When the Dutch East India Company conquered Solor in 1613, the Portuguese community moved to Larantuka on Flores. In spite of continuous hostilities with the Dutch, the Topasses managed to obtain a steady foothold on Timor after 1641, and part of the population of Larantuka moved over to West Timor in the late 1650s, as a response to the establishment of the VOC in Kupang in 1653. They were able to defeat Dutch military expeditions on Timor with the help of Timorese allies, in 1653, 1655, 1656 and 1657.
The peace treaty between the Kingdom of Portugal and the Dutch Republic in 1663 removed the acute threat from the latter. By this time the Topasses consisted of an ethnic mix of Portuguese, Florenese, Timorese, Indians, Dutch deserters, etc. Through their military skills they were able to dominate large parts of Timor, with their center in Lifau in the present-day Oecussi-Ambeno enclave.
Independent position within colonial system.
The Topass community was led by their own appointed captains, and had little contact with the Viceroy of Portuguese India. They pressed Timorese princes to deliver sandalwood to the coast, which was sold to merchants from the Portuguese colony of Macau or to the Dutch. In 1641, their leader Francisco Fernandes led a Portuguese military expedition to weaken the power of the Muslim Makassarese who had recently made inroads on Timor. His small army of musketeers settled on Timor, extending Portuguese influence into the interior. After 1664 the Topasses were governed by the Hornay and Costa families, who held the titles captain-major (capitão mor) or lieutenant general (tenente general) in turn. The Portuguese appointed an administrator to Lifau in 1656 and in 1702 the Portuguese authorities installed a regular governor in Lifau, a move that was violently opposed by the Topass community. The Topasses had become a law unto themselves, and drove out the Portuguese governor António Coelho Guerreiro in 1705. After more attacks from the Topasses in Lifau, the colonial base was moved east to Dili in eastern Timor in 1769. For long periods up to 1785, a state of warfare existed between the two Portuguese groups.
Decline of the community.
In 1749 a political crisis involving Topass leader Gaspar da Costa resulted in another war with the Dutch. When he marched on Kupang with a considerable force he was routed and killed at the Battle of Penfui, after which the Dutch expanded their control of western Timor. Many Timorese princedoms which had hitherto been subordinated to Topass authority now fell away and allied with the VOC instead. The Topass still managed to hang on in Oecussi, and killed the Dutch commander Hans Albrecht von Plüskow in 1761, when he attempted to expand the Dutch sphere on Timor. Their power nevertheless receded by the late 18th century, due to diminishing economic and political opportunities. Still neither Portuguese nor Dutch colonial influence could be firmly established on Timor until the 19th century and only with continuous and heavy military force. The concept Topass disappears from the records in the 19th century. Between 1847-1913 the Portuguese had to mount more than 60 armed expeditions in order to subdue the Timorese in the interior of the island; a few of these revolts occurred in the old Topasses part, west of East Timor. Hornay and Da Costa descendants continued to govern locally as Rajas (or Liurais) of Oecussi up to modern times.

</doc>
<doc id="18343497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343497" title="Pittosporum revolutum">
Pittosporum revolutum

Pittosporum revolutum (Rough-fruited Pittosporum, Yellow Pittosporum, Brisbane Laurel or Wild Yellow Jasmine) is a shrub that is endemic to Australia.
The species grows up to 3 metres in height and has leaves that are 5 to 15 cm long and 1.5 to 6 cm wide.The fragrant, yellow flowers appear in terminal clusters in spring. It occurs in habitats ranging from rainforest to dry sclerophyll forests in Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria. 

</doc>
<doc id="18343499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343499" title="1946 VFL Grand Final">
1946 VFL Grand Final

The 1946 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Essendon Football Club and Melbourne Football Club, held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on 5 October 1946. It was the 48th annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1946 VFL season. The match, attended by 73,743 spectators, was won by Essendon by a margin of 63 points, marking that club's 8th premiership flag and 6th involving a grand final. 
Essendon won comfortably despite trailing at half time. A tally of 11 goals and 8 behinds in the third quarter by Essendon took the game away from Melbourne. This remains the best third quarter score by any team in a VFL/AFL Grand Final.
Wally Lock, Melbourne's half back, was playing his 100th VFL game.
This was the first of six successive Grand Final appearances by Essendon.

</doc>
<doc id="18343504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343504" title="The One (TV program)">
The One (TV program)

The One is an Australian television program broadcast by the Seven Network, hosted by Andrew Daddo. The program pits several psychics against one another, participating in trials which challenge their purported abilities in activities such as clairvoyance, telepathy and mediumship to determine who is Australia's "top psychic".
The show was originally created by Fox Studios Australia, who in 2006 contracted Simon Turnbull, President of the Australian Psychics Association, to help create the show. The psychics' abilities are observed by a studio audience or at external locations, and are judged by a two-person panel including Stacey Demarco, a psychic, and Richard Saunders, vice president of Australian Skeptics.
The show premièred in Australia on Tuesday, 8 July 2008. The program is broadcast with closed captions and is classified PG.
Season 1 (2008).
The Show featured seven top Australian psychics, selected from over 1500 applicants. All had been certified by the Australian Psychic Association, and passed police background checks.
Contestants.
Eliminations were made by the judges each week. On the final episode of "The One" the winner was chosen by the Australian public, voting via a telephone popularity poll.
Season 2 (2011).
After a long absence, the series returned at 19:30 on 5 October 2011. Andrew Daddo returned to host the second series.
Controversy.
The show was controversial for content shown in the final episode of season 1, featuring a hunt for the body of murder victim Peter Falconio. The stunt was condemned by Colne Valley MP Kali Mountford, who had worked with the Falconio family, with "Some reality shows are worthwhile and show people having a laugh, but there is nothing funny about such a personal, terrible tragedy." The search for Falconio was additionally criticized by the eventual winner Charmaine Wilson as being "in bad taste".
Shé D'Montford also publicly criticized the show for editing out many of the things that the psychics got right in order to make the show more believable to the general public. Her comments have been published on this in the August 2008 issue of Spheres magazine. Further reports were in The Australian Psychics Directory of that year and Spellcarft magazine as well as on several radio programmes including the following web archive.
All of the tests followed conditions discussed with Richard Saunders, who was the secretary for The Australian Skeptic Society and a judge on the show. However, Saunders has stated that contestants failed 94% of tests. Yet showed no mathematical basis for this statistic.
In season 2 over 800 people were invited to audition for the show, in accordance with an agreement with the Seven Network and the Australian Psychics Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18343511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343511" title="Sero Blanco">
Sero Blanco

Sero Blanco is a town on the island of Aruba. It has a population of about 35,572 residents.

</doc>
<doc id="18343513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343513" title="Count Albert von Mensdorff-Pouilly-Dietrichstein">
Count Albert von Mensdorff-Pouilly-Dietrichstein

Albert (Viktor Julius Joseph Michael) Count von Mensdorff-Pouilly-Dietrichstein (5 September 1861 – 15 June 1945), was an Austro-Hungarian diplomat serving as Ambassador to London at the outbreak of World War I.
Life.
Born in Lemberg (now Lviv) on 5 September 1861 as the second son of Alexander von Mensdorff-Pouilly, Prince Dietrichstein von Nicolsburg, a former Austro-Hungarian politician, and his wife Alexandrine ("née" Countess von Dietrichstein-Proskau und Leslie), heiress of the Princes Dietrichstein. The family originated from Lorraine in France and had fled the French revolution in 1790.
Count von Mensdorff-Pouilly-Dietrichstein entered the Austro-Hungarian foreign service in 1884 and was assigned as an attaché to the embassy in Paris and transferred to London in 1889. His family connections with the British court, derived through the marriage of his grandfather Count Emmanuel von Mensdorff-Pouilly with Queen Victoria's aunt, Princess Sophie of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld, and his father had been a godson and friend of Queen Victoria's husband, the Prince Consort. On 6 May 1904, he presented his credentials as Ambassador of the Dual Monarchy at the Court of St. James's, a promotion over the heads of many of his seniors that had come at the request of his second cousin King Edward VII. 
Considered both an effective and popular diplomat in London's aristocratic circles, his friendship with King Edward VII and his successor George V gave him an entrée to the British court unrivalled by any other diplomat. This contributed to the secure and friendly diplomatic relations between Austria-Hungary and Great Britain before the war. However, his alleged Anglophilia also brought him a certain mistrust in some circles in Vienna, including Archduke Franz Ferdinand. In the critical negotiations during the July Crisis of 1914, he supported the attempts to avert the danger and correspondence has shown that he was not kept fully informed of his capital's intentions. War against Austria-Hungary was declared by the United Kingdom on 12 August, whereafter Count von Mensdorff-Pouilly-Dietrichstein left London. 
During World War I, Mensdorff-Pouilly was entrusted with several diplomatic missions directed towards the restoration of peace. The most famous one was the meeting with General Jan Smuts in Geneva in December 1917. However, these negotiations proved as fruitless as those which he conducted with the representatives of the Triple Entente in the last days of the Habsburg Monarchy. 
In 1917, Mensdorff-Pouilly was appointed to the Upper House ("Herrenhaus") and in the following year he was a favourite of the court to replace Count Ottokar Czernin as foreign minister, but he was judged too Anglophile by Berlin.
Although the count retired from active service in 1919, he was appointed the first chief delegate of the Republic of Austria to the League of Nations in 1920. In this capacity, he negotiated the Geneva Protocols in 1922 on a loan for the economic and financial reconstruction of Austria. 
Count von Mensdorff-Pouilly-Dietrichstein died of starvation in Vienna on 15 June 1945.
Honours.
Foreign decorations

</doc>
<doc id="18343514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343514" title="Godwine Porthund">
Godwine Porthund

Godwine Porthund was listed in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle as a butcher ("carnifex") of Shrewsbury in 1006. Ælfhelm, Ealdorman of York had been invited to a feast with Eadric Streona, who took him hunting in the forest where he was ambushed by Godwine Porthund and assassinated. Subsequently King Æthelred the Unready had the eyes of Ælfhelm's sons Wulfheah and Ufegeat gouged out at Cookham.

</doc>
<doc id="18343517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343517" title="Beach volleyball at the Summer Olympics">
Beach volleyball at the Summer Olympics

Beach volleyball was introduced at the Summer Olympic Games in the 1992 Games as a demonstration event, and has been an official Olympic sport since 1996.
The United States has won a gold medal at every Olympic beach volleyball tournament, in either the men's or the women's competition, since 1996. Brazil has won gold or silver in every men's or women's tournament since 1996.
Winning the Olympics is considered to be the highest honor in international beach volleyball, followed by the World Championships, and the World Tour of the International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) for men and women.
History.
Origins.
Beach volleyball was a demonstration sport at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, at which Sinjin Smith and Randy Stoklos won the men's tournament, and Karolyn Kirby and Nancy Reno won the women's.
Beach volleyball was introduced as an official Olympic sport in 1996. A total of 24 teams take part in each beach volleyball Olympic tournament. Teams qualify on the basis of their performance in FIVB (Fédération Internationale de Volleyball) events over the course of about 18 months before the Olympic Games. There is a limit of two teams per country, and one spot apiece is reserved for the host country and a randomly chosen wild-card country. In the event that any Olympic region is not represented, the highest ranked team from that continent qualifies for the tournament.
Men's beach volleyball.
The men's tournament has had a constant number of teams, with 24 couples in each edition.
In the first tournament, played in the 1996 Olympics, the matches were played at "Atlanta Beach" in Jonesboro, Georgia. The winners of the semifinals played for the gold and silver medals. The losers of the semifinal played for third and fourth places. The final was contested between the Americans Karch Kiraly and Kent Steffes versus Mike Dodd and Mike Whitmarsh. Kiraly is so far the only person with Olympic medals in both indoor amd beach volleyball since he had won the gold medal indoors in the tournament of 1984 as well as 1988 in Seoul, South Korea.
The beach volleyball tournament 0f 2000 was played in Bondi Beach, a suburb of Sydney. The winners were again an American team, Blanton/Fonoimoana, defeating Brazilians Zé Marco/Ricardo (the former had competed in Atlanta) in the finals.
In the 2004 Summer Olympics the tournament was held in the Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Complex, in Athens, Greece. The Brazilians Emanuel/Ricardo (the former being a veteran of two Olympics, and the latter a silver medalist in 2000) won the gold medal, defeating Bosma and Herrera of Spain.
The beach volleyball tournament of 2008 was carried out at the Beach Volleyball Ground, located in the Chaoyang Park in Beijing. In an upset, reigning champions Emanuel and Ricardo were defeated by their compatriots Márcio Araújo (who competed in Athens) and Fábio Luiz in the semifinal. The Brazilians were then defeated by Americans Rogers and Dalhausser in the final.
The 2012 tournament was played at the Horse Guards Parade in London.
Women's beach volleyball.
In Atlanta, Georgia, in 1996, there were eighteen teams entered, and the championship match was played between two Brazilian teams: Jackie Silva and Sandra Pires versus Mônica Rodrigues and Adriana Samuel.
At the Sydney Olympics of 2000, the number of teams was increased to 24. One of the two Australian teams, Natalie Cook and Kerri Pottharst, won the gold medal over the Brazilians Adriana Behar and Shelda Bede.
Behar and Bede of Brazil reached the final match again in 2004 in Athens, Greece, but they were defeated by Misty May-Treanor and Kerri Walsh of the United States.
In 2008 in China, May-Treanor and Walsh Jennings were victorious again by defeating the Chinese team of Tian Jia and Wang Jie in the finals.
In 2012 in England May-Treanor and Walsh Jennings won for the third consecutive Olympiad by defeating the other American team of Kessy and Ross in the final match.
It is notable that in each Olympiad so far since 1996, there has been a country that won two medals of the three medals. The Brazilians won the gold and silver medals in 1996, and then the silver and bronze medals in 2000. Next, the American won the gold and bronze bronze medals in 2004. Then the Chinese won the silver and the bronze medals in 2008.
Finally, two American teams won the gold medal and the silver medal in 2012.
Competition formula.
1996.
A double-elimination tournament was played for both men and women until a total of four teams qualified for the semifinals: the two finalist teams of the winners bracket and the two finalist teams of the elimination bracket. The men's field had 24 teams, and the women's field had 16.
Competitors were selected through a detailed Olympic qualification process which saw the participation of a total of 587 men's and women's athletes from 46 countries. Each country could qualify up to two teams - host country United States had two spots already guaranteed, with the doubles selected through Olympic Beach Trials held in Baltimore, Maryland.
2000.
Following an expansion on the women's tournament, both competitions had 24 teams. The format became single elimination, preceded by a preliminary round to define the round of 16 teams - the twelve winners of the preliminary games automatically qualified, while the twelve defeated teams played two elimination rounds to get the remaining four spots.
The teams qualify by accumulating points in FIVB Olympic Qualification Tournaments, with one of the host nation having a guaranteed berth and another having the possibility of qualifying through the ranking.
2004.
Following a FIVB change of rules in 2001, the scoring was changed from sets of 15 points in a superseded sideout system to sets of 21 points in a rally point system.
The format had the 24 competing teams were split equally into six pools of four. The top two teams from each pool and the four best third placed teams progressed through to a single-elimination tournament of sixteen teams.
The qualifying added a continental quota - in the event of an unrepresented continent, the top team from that continent earned a spot.
2008 and 2012.
The six pools of four format was retained, but the qualifying for third-placed teams was changed. Of the six 3rd place teams, two were directly qualified to the playoffs. Of the four remaining third placed teams, another two teams get to the playoffs through winning a lucky loser match.

</doc>
<doc id="18343520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343520" title="Raymond Burgard">
Raymond Burgard

Raymond Burgard (15 September 1892, Troyes - 15 June 1944, Cologne) was a French Resistance worker.
Life.
Alsacian in origin, he aggregated in grammar in 1928. In September 1937, he was made literature professor at lycée Buffon in Paris. A trade unionist, he was the candidate for the Syndicat des personnels de l'enseignement secondaire (SPES) in the elections to the Conseil supérieur de l'Instruction publique (CSIP) in May 1938. In September he joined the anti-Munich camp.
A resistor right from the start, he founded the resistance movement in Valmy on 21 September 1940, with four friends from the left-leaning Catholic group Jeune République. The group produced several posters, posted on Paris walls or over German posters. One proclaimed " Vive la République, quand même " ("Long live the Republic, whatever happens"). Burgard also edited tracts in German aimed at sapping the occupying troops' morale and encouraging them to disobey their officers. In January 1941, he prepared the first edition of the journal "Valmy", of which only 50 copies were printed. Burgard edited its editorial, entitled " Certitudes ".
Thinking himself protected by his Alsacian origins, Raymond Burgard openly participated in the organisation of demonstrations, even encouraging his students to take part in that of 11 November 1940. In 1941, he participated in the commemoration of Joan of Arc at which several people sang "la Marseillaise".
The Valmy was dismantled in spring 1942 and Raymond Burgard was arrested at his home by the Geheime Feld Polizei (GFP) of the Abwehr on 2 April 1942. Some lycéens of the lycée Buffon demonstrated in favour of his release, and were arrested and shot. In 1943, his wife posed for "La femme assise" by René Iché. Burgard was beheaded in prison at Cologne, on 15 June 1944.
Journal Valmy.
A BBC interview of Paul Simon (interviewer - Jean Oberlé) on 3 February 1942 (published in "Les Voix de la Liberté", Documentation Française, 1975) ran thus

</doc>
<doc id="18343525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343525" title="Vladimir Dergachev">
Vladimir Dergachev

Vladimir Alexandrovich Dergachev () (born September 9, 1945 in Zabaykalsky Krai, Russian SFSR) is a Ukrainian expert in geopolitics. He holds a Doktor nauk in Geography, and is a Professor in the Union of Journalists of Ukraine. 
Dergachev is an ethnic Russian living in Odessa, Ukraine. He is a graduate of the Moscow State University.
Dergachev has authored over 550 scientific and popular writings, including:
He has frequently contributed to Kiev and Moscow newspapers such as "Izvestiya", "Literaturnaya Gazeta", "Economicheskaya Gazeta", and "Obschaya Gazeta" .

</doc>
<doc id="18343527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343527" title="Limbo, Panto">
Limbo, Panto

Limbo, Panto is the debut studio album by British art rock band Wild Beasts. It was released on 16 June 2008 by Domino Records, followed by the single for "The Devil's Crayon" on 30 June and "Brave Bulging Buoyant Clairvoyants" on 16 October. The album was well received by critics.

</doc>
<doc id="18343547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343547" title="Golden Days">
Golden Days

"Golden Days" is a 1984 single by the UK pop group Bucks Fizz. It was originally recorded by Cliff Richard.
Background.
Released in October 1984, this was the thirteenth single by the group but failed to achieve the success of the group's previous hits and stalled at No. 42 in the UK Charts. With lead vocals by member Bobby G, the song tells of a fading movie star who is desperate to regain some of her former glory. The song was written by Terry Britten (who wrote "What's Love Got to Do with It" - also recorded by Bucks Fizz) and Sue Shifrin and was produced by Britten - the only Bucks Fizz single not to be produced by Andy Hill. 
The promotional video for the song featured the group as 1920s film stars, depicting them in a black and white film as well as behind the scenes in colour. The movie star in question was played by member Cheryl Baker. As well as a 7" and 12" single, "Golden Days" was also released as a limited edition 7" picture disc EP, which featured a live medley of rock tracks which the group had performed in concert. "Golden Days" was then included on the group's album "I Hear Talk," released soon after the single.
The song was originally recorded by Cliff Richard as "The Golden Days are Over" a year previously on his album, "Silver". 
A new extended mix of the song was produced in 2008 and featured on the Bucks Fizz album, "The Lost Masters 2 - The Final Cut".

</doc>
<doc id="18343559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343559" title="Philippe Baele">
Philippe Baele

Philippe Baele (born June 16, 1951) is a leading Belgian anaesthesiologist and medicine professor. After degrees in medicine and anaesthesiology at Université Catholique de Louvain (Belgium) and work experience in the Mayo Clinic (Minnesota, US), he has held various positions in Belgium (as university professor, practitionner, and expert for the government), in Argentina and Benin (as visiting professor), and in the World Federation of Societies of Anaesthesiologists (as a member of the Executive Committee). Best known among his works are his seminal articles on blood transfusion and his commitment to the development of medicine in the Third World.

</doc>
<doc id="18343585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343585" title="List of settlements in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina/Ć">
List of settlements in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina/Ć


</doc>
<doc id="18343616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343616" title="Neve Hadassah">
Neve Hadassah

Neve Hadassah (, "lit." Hadassah Abode) is a youth village in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain near Netanya and adjacent to Tel Yitzhak, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaSharon Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 668.
The village was established in 1949 by Tel Yitzhak, Yesodot, Youth Aliyah, and Hadassah. It contains a boarding school and a school catering for pupils from 7th to 12th grade. Over the years, the school has taught immigrants from Latin America, the former Soviet Union and France.

</doc>
<doc id="18343629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343629" title="Innocent World">
Innocent World

"Innocent World" is the fifth single released by Mr. Children on June 1, 1994.
Overview.
"Innocent World" was Mr. Children's first No. 1 single on the Oricon Japanese charts, managing to sell 1,935,830 copies during its run on the chart and was the No. 1 selling single for Oricon's 1994 yearly chart. The title track was used as the promotional song for the soft drink and was also included in the Mr. Children live album "1/42" released on September 8, 1999, and also "Mr. Children 1992–1995", released on July 11, 2001. The b-side "My confidence song" was included in Mr. Children's compilation album, "B-Side", released on May 10, 2007.
Awards.
"Innocent World" has won many awards including the 'Grand Prize' at the "36th Annual Japan Record Awards", the 'Best 5 Single Award' at the "9th Annual Japan Gold Disc Awards", and the 'Silver Award' at the "13th Annual JASRAC Awards".

</doc>
<doc id="18343645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343645" title="Geheime Feldpolizei">
Geheime Feldpolizei

The (Secret Field Police) or GFP, was the secret military police of the German Wehrmacht until the end of the Second World War. These units were used to carry out plain-clothed security work in the field such as counter-espionage, counter-sabotage, detection of treasonable activities, counter-propaganda and the provision of assistance to the German Army in courts-martial investigations. GFP personnel, who were also classed as "Abwehrpolizei", operated as an executive branch of German military intelligence detecting resistance activity in Germany and occupied France.
The need for a secret military police developed after the annexations of the Sudetenland in 1938 and Czechoslovakia in 1939. Although security "einsatzgruppen" (or security task forces) belonging to the Nazi Security Services had been used during these operations, the German High Command felt it needed a specialist intelligence agency with police functions that could operate with the military but act like a security service to arrest potential opponents and eliminate any resistance. After studying data collected in Spain, Austria and Czechoslovakia, Generaloberst Wilhelm Keitel, commander in chief of the OKW, issued the ""Dienstvorschrift für die Geheime Feldpolizei"" (Regulations for the secret police).
Function.
The GFP was created on 21 July 1939. Although officially part of the Wehrmacht, its personnel were mainly recruited from police officers who had been assigned to the armed forces. They were assigned the legal status of "Wehrmachtsbeamte auf Kriegsdauer" (military officials for the duration of the war) and retained the authority of other police agencies as well as the "Sicherheitsdienst".
GFP agents could wear either civilian clothes or uniforms in the course of their duties. A GFP official was also entitled to pass through any military roadblocks or enter military buildings. They could also utilise military signals and communications equipment, commandeer military vehicles, procure military supplies and accommodation wherever necessary in execution of their duty. In occupied areas, the GFP also provided personal escort to military VIP's, assistance to state security agencies in counter espionage, interrogation of suspects, prevention of sabotage and the detection of enemy agents.
In practice, GFP activity depended on the region in which it was operating. Work in occupied northern and western Europe was markedly different from operations conducted on the Eastern Front. In the Netherlands, Denmark and Norway, GFP agents were mainly confined to the secret police protection of senior Wehrmacht officers. In Belgium and France, the GFP became an executive part of the civilian police service, working alongside the military authorities to combat acts of resistance, the British Special Operations Executive and sabotage using terror tactics such as detentions, deportations and the execution of hostages.
However in Eastern Europe and the Balkans, the GFP used constantly escalating terror against partisans, Jews and arbitrary "suspects". As an anti-partisan group, it worked alongside "einsatzgruppen" to execute and torture captured fighters and civilians suspected of helping the Soviet resistance. With the help of collaborators, the GFP also mounted operations to systematically burn down homes and entire villages. The GFP was also responsible for summarily executing prisoners before they could be liberated by the advancing Red Army. For example, in 1943 a GFP report to SS and Police Leader William Krichbaum stated that 21,000 people had been killed "some in combat, and many shot after interrogation" on the Eastern Front.
From mid-1943 onwards, the GFP was ordered to track down and capture all deserters after some "Wehrmacht" soldiers in France and Russia had begun joining partisan groups. By 1944, desertion rates rapidly rose following the major retreats of Operation Bagration and the Falaise pocket. The "Geheime Feldpolizei" arrested 3142 "Wehrmacht" personnel for desertion from Army Group Centre in 1944. But many troops were victims of increasingly confused rear areas where competing, often overlapping responsibilities of many military departments meant soldiers did not have the correct papers or were in the wrong locations. Convicted soldiers were either shot or sent to "Strafbattalionne". The GFP also investigated any claims of defeatism talk in line infantry.
Another specialist unit called "gruppe 729" was created to interrogate all "Wehrmacht" soldiers who had managed to escape from Soviet captivity. The general fear was that the NKVD may have "re-educated" these former captives to spread defeatism and anti-fascist propaganda. Soldiers suspected of being Soviet spies were sent to a special GFP camp at Danzig in Poland. By 1944, the camp held 400 prisoners.
Organization.
The "Geheime Feldpolizei" was commanded by the "Heerespolizeichef" (Chief of Army Police), who initially had the equivalent military rank of major. Subordinate to the "Heerespolizeichef", but equivalent to the rank of major, was the "Feldpolizeidirektor" who was in charge of a GFP unit or "gruppe". On 24 July 1939, the title of "Heerespolizeichef" was upgraded to the military rank of "oberst".
A GFP unit in the "Wehrmacht" consisted of 50 personnel. This included:
However after 1941, units sent to Russia were strengthened to 95 personnel.
All groups were fully motorized. Their armaments were limited to light infantry weapons. 
In 1943, the "Luftwaffe" was given its own version of GFP. This resulted in another reorganisation of the ranks structure. 
Although the GFP was a distinct military organisation, from its inception it generally carried out the same duties as the "Gestapo" and the "Kripo". Operations directed against populations in occupied countries employed methods similar to the SD and SS. This earned it the nickname ""Gestapo der Wehrmacht"".
By the end of 1942, nominal control of the GFP was transferred to the SD. The Reich Security Main Office finally took full control in the spring of 1944 despite the reluctance of the "Wehrmacht". All GFP units remained under the full control of the SS until the end of the war.
Operations in occupied France.
Following the defeat of France in 1940, the GFP established its main headquarters at the Hôtel Bradford on the rue Saint Philippe du Roule in Paris (8ème arrondissement). Other sections for the départements of Nord and Pas de Calais were based at rue de la Traversière in Brussels.
Each GFP "gruppe" consisted of a fifty-man unit until May 1942 when the entire command was restructured by SS Brigadeführer Karl Oberg, the Higher SS and Police Leader ("Höhere SS-und Polizeiführer", HSSPF) "Frankreich" (France). This reorganisation created the "Group 6/10" which contained the "Kommando für Kapitalverbrechen" (Capital crimes unit). It ran the infamous Balard shooting range at Issy-les-Moulineaux in the 15e arrondissement which was used to torture and execute 143 prisoners.
The GFP also oversaw the work done by the French Brigades Spéciales part of the Renseignements généraux. These units, which were part of the French police's intelligence service, specialised in tracking down "internal enemies" (e.g. the French Resistance), Jews and those evading work conscription. The Special Brigades were based in room 35 of the Paris police headquarters. The Brigade Spéciale N°2 was notorious for using torture as well as leading investigations, manhunts, surveillance and interviews of suspects in Occupied France.

</doc>
<doc id="18343650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343650" title="World Savings Banks Institute">
World Savings Banks Institute

The World Savings Banks Institute is an international banking association. It currently gathers 109 members in 92 countries throughout the world, comprising approximately 7,000 savings and retail banks. These institutions operate some 209,000 branches & outlets and employ around 2.5 million people. At the start of 2010, total assets of WSBI members amounted to €.8,959 billion.
WSBI was founded 1924 at the occasion of the First International Thrift Congress in Milan. Until the Second World War the headquarters of the International Savings Banks Institute remained in Milan. But since Milan had suffered from heavy bombings the Institute moved to Amsterdam in 1948.
In 1963, WSBI's sister organization, the 'Savings Banks Group of the European Economic Community' was created to represent European Savings Banks from the merging European markets. This institution was renamed European Savings Banks Group in 1988.
The International Savings Banks Institute was again relocated in 1969, this time to Geneva where it remained until 1994 when it was dissolved. In its place, a newly created World Savings Banks Institute (WSBI) was established in Brussels on 9 June 1994. Both WSBI and ESBG are today managed by a World Savings Banks Institute - European Savings Banks Group (WSBI/ESBG) common secretariat, located in Brussels.
WSBI is the global representative of its members, typically savings and retail banks or association thereof, and fosters cooperation between them. It works closely with international financial institutions and publishes research papers and studies on current banking & financial issues. WSBI also provides technical consultancy in partnership with multilateral agencies and offers training to its members.

</doc>
<doc id="18343697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343697" title="Vivien March">
Vivien March

Vivien March was a fictional character in the BBC One soap opera "Doctors". She was played by Anita Carey and made her first appearance on 17 May 2007. The character was credited with the soap achieving three British Soap Awards in 2009, including Best Dramatic Performance, Best Storyline and Best Single Episode. 
Storylines.
Vivien used to be a matron until her mother fell ill. She then looked after her ailing mother until she died. When Vivien decided she wanted to start driving again because she was fed up with using buses she persuaded Jimmi Clay (Adrian Lewis Morgan) to help her choose and buy a car at an auction. Vivien got several people from the surgery to teach how her to drive, but they all got fed up with her, so she turned to Jimmi again who helped her pass both the theory and the practical driving tests. On Monday 16 June 2008, Vivien's house was broken into by two young men, one of whom, Ryan, attacked her sexually. On Monday 7 July, Vivien revealed to Jimmi that she had been raped and told him not to tell anyone as she was ashamed. This also resulted in her not sleeping very well. Jimmi offered to let her stay at his place but she turned him down. Jimmi told Vivien that he could tell his police officer girlfriend Eva (Angela Lonsdale) about what happened, but she was adamant she didn't want the police involved. Vivien later discovered another victim of the pair, Mary Lampton, had been seriously hurt after her attack, which prompted her to become a witness for the prosecution in their trial, on Tuesday 18 November 2008. However, after feeling the pressure of being a witness in court, she felt that she could not cope with the line of questioning and refused to continue.
Vivien made her supposed final appearance on 20 March 2009, when she finally decided she wanted to be with her old flame Lionel. She was seen heading off to start a new life with him in Bermuda. She didn't like the idea at first because she wanted to stay at The Mill, but when Lionel said he was leaving, she decided to go with him. However she was seen a week later on a farewell DVD message to George (Stirling Gallacher) and Ronnie (Seán Gleeson) saying that she was enjoying Bermuda and passing her best wishes to them both.

</doc>
<doc id="18343700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343700" title="Gary McCabe">
Gary McCabe

Gary McCabe (born 1 August 1988 in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish footballer who currently plays for Shamrock Rovers.
Career.
McCabe began his youth career at Leinster Senior League side Crumlin United. His impressive performances in the youth and intermediate ranks did not go unnoticed and attracted interest from a number of League of Ireland clubs. McCabe was eventually snapped up by Premier Division outfit Bray Wanderers for the 2007 season. McCabe broke straight into Bray's first team that season making 24 league and cup appearances and scoring 2 goals helping the Seagulls to league safety with a 9th place league finish. He scored his first Bray goal at the age of 18 during a 2–1 victory over UCD at the Carlisle Grounds on 29 May 2007.
The 2008 season started as a difficult season for McCabe. Despite Bray flying as high as 4th in Premier Division table, the left sided winger struggled for form and discipline getting sent off twice in just 9 league appearances. To regain first team football, Bray sent the young winger out on loan to First Division title chasing side Shelbourne for the remainder of the 2008 season. McCabe made his Shelbourne debut as a second-half substitute during a 2–0 defeat to Limerick 37 at Tolka Park on 11 July 2008. McCabe made 9 competitive appearances for Shelbourne during his loan spell and he impressed the Shelbourne faithful with his pace and skill.
During this time he represented Republic of Ireland national football team in the qualifying rounds of the 2010 UEFA Futsal Championship. He returned to Bray Wanderers following his loan spell at Shelbourne. McCabe had a revitalised season in 2009 as he finished Bray's top scorer contributing 8 goals 38 league and cup appearances, however these exploits could not prevent Bray's relegation to the First Division.
At the end of the season McCabe signed for Sligo Rovers in December 2009.
In 2010 McCabe played a vital part in Sligo Rovers' hugely successful season as they finished in 3rd place in the league and also won the League of Ireland Cup and the FAI Cup. However, McCabe's contract expired at the end of the 2010 season and he signed for The Hoops in January 2011.
He made his League debut for the Hoops in the opening night win over Dundalk.
He won the Setanta Cup in 2011 and played in the 2011–12 UEFA Europa League netting a memorable equaliser against Partizan Belgrade in August 2011 This goal was the 100th all time goal in this competition for League of Ireland clubs.
He signed a two-year contract in November 2012.
His sister Katie has been called up for the U17 Republic of Ireland women's national football team.
Career statistics.
"Correct as of 25 August 2011."
Competitions include UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League<br>
Competitions include Setanta Sports Cup and League of Ireland Promotion/Relegation Play-offs 

</doc>
<doc id="18343710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18343710" title="Belle International">
Belle International

Belle International Holdings Limited () is the No. 1 woman's shoe retailer in the People's Republic of China, with 22% domestic market share. It is engaged in the manufacturing, distribution and retail sales of footwear products. It offers a number of brand names on its footwear business, including "Belle", "Staccato", "Teenmix", "Tata", "Fato", "JipiJapa", "Joy & Peace" and "Bata". As of its IPO in May 2007, the company had a retail network comprising 3,828 retail outlets in 150 cities in China and a network of 35 retail outlets in Hong Kong, Macau and the US. In September 2008, Belle was named No. 8 in the BusinessWeek Asia 50, Businessweek's annual ranking of top Asian companies.
History.
Belle's founder and chairman, Deng Yao, started Lai Wah Footwear Trading Ltd. in 1981 in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province. He started Belle International in 1991 as a shoe wholesale manufacturer, and the company only expanded into retail in 2004. It attracted private equity investors including Morgan Stanley and domestic Chinese private equity manager CDH. In May 2007 Belle raised $1.1 billion in an IPO on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The offering was priced at the top of the range, at 31 times estimated 2007 earnings, after retail investors ordered more than 500 times the shares initially earmarked for them. According to the IPO prospectus, an investment company linked to Groupe Arnault, parent of French luxury goods group LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, purchased $30 million worth of shares as a strategic corporate investor. Belle raised an additional $775 million in two secondary listings in November 2007 and April 2008, which it used to buy several competing brands.
In 2007, Belle reported profits of $291 million (up 102% over 2006) on sales of $1.7 billion (up 89% over 2006). Its three women's brands—-Staccato, Millie's, and Joy&Peace—-account for about a 50% share of the $90–$150 shoe segment in China. 
Non-sports shoes account for 67% of sales, and licensing agreements with global brands make up the remainder. In 2006, Belle International won the contract to be the biggest distributor of Nike and Adidas in China. Belle International also operates other sports and leisure wear brands including Li Ning, Reebok, and Kappa (company).
In 2009, Belle sold its shares in Fila China to ANTA Sports, which Fila China was its subsidiary (owned 85%) 

</doc>
