<doc id="18526513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526513" title="Power (TV Production and Distribution)">
Power (TV Production and Distribution)

Power is an independent international producer and distributor of televisual content.
Based in London, UK, Power develops, co-produces, pre-sells, deficit finances and distributes third party productions, including a current co-production with Company Pictures, New Worlds, a historic drama mini-series commissioned by Channel 4.
Power has the exclusive distribution rights to the film library of Bankside Films and the factual and wildlife documentaries produced by NHU Africa and Sabido Productions.
Since being acquired by South African Based Sabido Group in 2011, Power forms part of a media group with assets across the globe - including South Africa's first commercial-free to air broadcaster e.tv, eNCA the pan-African e-news channel as well as the jointly owned Cape Town Film Studios, jointly owned The Africa Channel International (UK), e.tv China and a host of other media investments.
Power is the trading name of Power Entertainment Media Limited, formerly Powercorp International Limited.
Distribution.
Power distributes drama and factual mini-series, series, TV movies, feature films and specials across all broadcast platforms worldwide.
As well as selling its own original content, Power distributes programming produced by a number of companies including, ITV Studios, TMG, Muse and Graham King's GK-tv.
Power also has a number of volume deals in place, including exclusive worldwide representation rights to Bankside's feature film library with a first look option on all films as they become library, worldwide representation rights for NHU Africa's entire catalogue of over 160 hours, worldwide representation rights for Sabido’s entire catalogue and all new programming and multi-territory rights to over 1000 hours of new and library programming from Sonar Entertainment (formerly RHI Entertainment).
Production.
Power has collaborated as co-development partner and co-producer with broadcasters and producers worldwide. These partners include the BBC, ITV, Channel 4, Granada, Red Productions and Company Pictures in the UK; NBC in the United States; Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, CTV and Global, Shaftesbury and Muse in Canada; and Australian Broadcasting Company and Screentime Australia.
One of Power's first productions was "Henry VIII" (2003), the recipient of the International Emmy Award for Best Mini Series starring Helena Bonham Carter and Ray Winstone and co-produced with Granada.
In 2006, ITV commissioned "Flood", Power's most ambitious production to date, with a budget of $31 million. The mini-series, featuring Robert Carlyle, aired on ITV in 2008. It was the most watched drama of the week with a 30% share and in the top 40 most watched programmes of the year.
Power became the first independent British producer in 40 years to be commissioned by a US broadcaster when NBC commissioned 13-part series "Crusoe", based on Daniel Defoe's novel "Robinson Crusoe" and starring Philip Winchester, Sam Neill and Sean Bean.
Productions.
"New Worlds" (Channel 4).
A drama mini-series set in England and America in the 1680s. Written by Peter Flannery and Martine Brandt, "New Worlds" is currently in production and has been commissioned by Channel 4. Featuring Jamie Dornan, Freya Mavor, Joe Dempsie, Eve Best, Jeremy Northam and Alice Englert.
"Air Force One is Down".
The two by two hour action mini-series charts the tense and potentially catastrophic events following the kidnap of the US President when the iconic Air Force One is hijacked by rogue Serbian militants. It stars Jeremy Sisto, Linda Hamilton, Rupert Graves, Jamie Thomas King and Emilie de Ravin.
"The Day of the Triffids" (BBC).
Blinded by a freak solar storm, the human race faces annihilation by the terrifying ‘Triffids’ - a mobile species of genetically modified, carnivorous plant - in this modern, VFX-laden adaptation of John Wyndham’s seminal novel. The two by two hour mini-series was awarded a BAFTA TV Craft Award for its visual effects. Featuring Dougray Scott, Joely Richardson, Brian Cox, Eddie Izzard and Jason Priestley.
"Crusoe" (NBC).
This thirteen part, one-hour episode series for NBC Universal wrapped production in North Yorkshire's historic walled city of York. Stars Sam Neill, Sean Bean, Anna Walton and Joaquim de Almeida; and Philip Winchester as Robinson Crusoe. "Crusoe" premiered on NBC on October 17, 2008.
"The Devil’s Whore" (aka "The Devil’s Mistress") (Channel 4).
This 2 x 90 minute period drama tells the story of one woman’s attempt to stay alive as she’s caught between loyalties in an England torn apart by a bloody civil war. The cast includes Andrea Riseborough, Dominic West, John Simm, Peter Capaldi and Michael Fassbender.
"The Diplomat" (aka "False Witness") (UKTV).
In this two by two hour mini-series, a dangerous and deceitful game is played out between international secret service organisations and a terrorist cell possessing a nuclear explosive. Starring Richard Roxburgh, Claire Forlani and Dougray Scott.
"Pinocchio" (RAI).
The popular and classic children's tale is retold in this two by two hour mini-series starring Bob Hoskins.
"The Summit".
Bruce Greenwood, James Purefoy and Rachelle Lefevre star in the story of how a corrupt government and deadly secrets culminate in a race against time. When a grieving mother loses her son to an illegal pharmaceutical trial her desperate want for revenge leads her to the G8 Summit with a vial of smallpox infected blood.
"XIII: The Conspiracy" (Canal+).
Val Kilmer and Stephen Dorff star in this two by two hour mini series based on the 1984 Franco-Belgian cult comic book series. When a wounded man is found suffering from amnesia, bearing a tattoo with the roman numerals ‘XIII’ on his neck, his search for clues to his identity leads him to discover he is wanted for the assassination of the US President. Written by David Wolkove and Philippe Lyon and directed by Duane Clark.
"Flood" (ITV).
"Flood" is the award nominated depiction of London under siege by the elements. This 2 x 120 minute disaster feature, which was optioned, developed and produced entirely by Power, was brought to life with a raised production budget of $30 million without the aid of a US sale. Starring Jessalyn Gilsig and Robert Carlyle, "Flood" received a limited theatrical release in the UK in August 2007 before going to DVD and selling over 200,000 copies to date. A TV mini-series has since been sold to more than 50 countries worldwide and the disaster series received its UK premiere on ITV in May 2008.
"Above and Beyond" (CBC).
"Above and Beyond" is a four-hour mini-series about the Atlantic Ferry Organization, which was tasked with delivering aircraft from North America to Europe in the early years of the Second World War. The mini-series stars Richard E. Grant and Kenneth Welsh.
"Answered by Fire".
Based on true events; two UN observers get caught up in the crossfire as East Timor descends into violence following its independence referendum. This four-hour, two part mini-series stars David Wenham.
"Archangel" (BBC).
Based on Robert Harris' best selling novel and starring Daniel Craig, Archangel is a contemporary thriller, set amongst the frozen landscapes of deepest Russia. The cast of this 3 x 60 minutes mini-series also features Gabriel Macht and Yekaterina Rednikova.
"Casanova" (BBC).
This 2 x 120 minute mini-series depicts a love triangle involving the young Casanova (David Tennant), Henriette and her husband, Griming (Rupert Penry-Jones) and the swan song of the world's most notorious lothario.
"Colditz" (ITV).
Based on true events, BAFTA winning mini-series "Colditz" depicts the journey of three officers whose capture in Nazi occupied Poland finds them transferred to the infamous, maximum-security prison camp of Colditz. ITV's headline drama of the year, starring Sophia Myles and Damian Lewis.
"The Incredible Journey of Mary Bryant".
Written by BAFTA winner Peter Berry "The Incredible Journey of Mary Bryant" stars Sam Neill, Jack Davenport and rising star Romola Garai. When crime, punishment, love and unparalleled heroism become inextricably linked in an 18th-century Australian penal colony, Mary Bryant must fight for the life of her children, her marriage and herself. This true saga of unsung courage and bravery is dramatically celebrated in this four-hour mini-series.
"Jessica" (Network Ten).
From Australia's best selling author, Bryce Courtenay, comes "Jessica", a story of one woman's fight for justice against enormous odds. This 2 x 120 minute mini-series is based on a true story. Power's adaptation stars rising star Leeanna Walsman and Sam Neill.
"To The Ends of the Earth" (BBC).
William Golding's classic trilogy of novels paints the epic story of a 19th-century ship journey from England to Australia. This 3 x 120 minute mini-series stars Sam Neill and Benedict Cumberbatch.
"The Virgin Queen" (BBC).
The life of Elizabeth I (Anne-Marie Duff) is depicted in this BBC co-produced 4 hour series.
"Gunpowder, Treason & Plot" (BBC).
This 2 x 120 minute mini-series documents the politics and prejudice that leads up to the attempt to assassinate James I (Robert Carlyle), the newly-appointed King of England and Scotland, by Guy Fawkes. "Gunpowder, Treason & Plot" was co-produced by Box TV Productions and Raging Star Films for the BBC.
"Lives of the Saints" (CTV Television).
Nino Ricci’s bestselling trilogy was adapted into a two by two hour mini-series featuring Kris Kristofferson and Jessica Paré.
"Shattered City".
A disaster tale, "Shattered City" tells the true story of the Halifax Explosion that killed thousands in and around Halifax, Canada during World War I. Starring Pete Postlethwaite, Tamara Hope and Shauna Macdonald, the 2 x 120 minute mini-series was the winner of two awards at the Directors Guild of Canada.
"Henry VIII" (ITV).
With Ray Winstone taking the role of Henry VIII. This International Emmy Award-winning TV 2 x 120 minute mini-series also stars Helena Bonham Carter, David Suchet and Emilia Fox and was co-produced with the BBC.
External links.
Power's Official Website [http://powerentertainment.tv]<br>
Flood Website flood-london.com<br>
From THR.com- NBC sets sail with 13-episode 'Crusoe'<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18526515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526515" title="Davol School">
Davol School

Davol School is a historic school at 112 Flint Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The eight room elementary schoolhouse was designed by notable city architect Joseph M. Darling, on the same plan as Connell School located on Plymouth Avenue.
The school was closed by the city in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18526529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526529" title="Tori Shima">
Tori Shima

Torishima, Tori-shima or Tori Shima, literally meaning "Bird Island", is a Japanese name:

</doc>
<doc id="18526571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526571" title="Electric watch">
Electric watch

An electric watch is a first generation electrically powered watch which first appeared in 1957. It was popular before the invention of quartz watch in the 1970s. Their timekeeping element was either a traditional balance wheel or a tuning fork, driven electromagnetically by a solenoid powered by a battery. The hands were driven mechanically through a wheel train. They were superseded by quartz watches, which had greater accuracy and durability due to their lower parts count. Recent automatic quartz watches, which combine mechanical technology with quartz timekeeping, are not included in this classification.
Weaknesses.
A weak point in early balance wheel electric watches was the switch contacts on the balance wheel, which turned the solenoid on briefly to provide the impulse to keep the wheel oscillating. These wore out and did not operate reliably. Later designs used electromagnetic sensing, with a transistor in the circuit to turn the solenoid on.

</doc>
<doc id="18526590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526590" title="Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe">
Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe

Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe (March, 1936 — May 11, 2007), often referred to as just Osadebe, was an Igbo Nigerian Highlife musician from Atani. His career spanned over 40 years, and he is one of the best known Igbo highlife musicians. His most popular hit was the 1984 "Osondi Owendi" (), establishing him as a leader in the highlife genre being the most popular record ever in Nigeria.
Biography.
In March 1936, Osadebe was born in Igbo town of Atani, in Southeastern Nigeria. He came from a line of singers and dancers in Igboland. His genre, Highlife encompassed Igbo musical elements. Along with this, calypso, samba, bolero, rumba, jazz and waltz were also present in Osadebe's musical style. It was in his high school years in Onitsha, a major commercial city near Atani, that Osadebe grew interested in music.
Osadebe started his career performing at nightclubs in Lagos in the southwestern region of Nigeria. He gradually worked his way up to releasing his first album in 1958. In his career Osadebe went on to write over 500 songs; half of these songs were released commercially. He had been a part of The Empire Rhythm Orchestra, led by E. C. Arinze in which he had learned much of his music skills.
As he became better established, Osadebe's style matured to include social commentary, similar to, but not as confrontational as Fela Kuti. Personal trials and tribulations was usually the main topic of his commentaries. Osadebe often extended his tracks for his audiences enjoyment, allowing room for 'people on the dance floor' to indulge in the songs.
Following the Nigerian Civil War in the late 60's, the massive exodus of the eastern peoples of Nigeria (especially the Igbo) out of western Nigeria had caused the death of the Highlife's prominence in the then capital, Lagos. During the war and after the war Osadebe maintained his scheduled live performances. Jùjú music and later Afrobeat took precedence in Lagos, and in the 70's James Brown and various other music forms became popular in the city. In this same decade Osadebe's career had reached its zenith. After turning 50 in 1986, Osadebe started to give priority to fatherhood and gave more of his time to his son Obiora and his other children from his wives. One of Osita Osadebe's last revered album's is "Kedu America".
Osita Osadebe died in St. Mary's Hospital Waterbury, Connecticut on 11 May 2007 after suffering from severe respiratory difficulties.

</doc>
<doc id="18526591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526591" title="AIDAbella">
AIDAbella

AIDAbella is a cruise ship operated by AIDA Cruises. Built at Meyer Werft shipyard in Papenburg, Germany, she is a sister ship to "AIDAdiva" and "AIDAluna". The ship has a passenger capacity of over 2,050. The name "AIDAbella" was chosen after a competition to name the new ship. The name was meant to signify how beautiful the ship is.
Features.
The ship features 1,025 passenger cabins, many with balconies. There is a nude sunbathing area towards the rear of the ship. Amidships is a circular, glass-walled, and roofed Theatrium in the center of the ship which can be used as a nightclub.

</doc>
<doc id="18526593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526593" title="Glaciogenic Reservoir Analogue Studies Project">
Glaciogenic Reservoir Analogue Studies Project

The Glaciogenic Reservoir Analogue Studies Project (GRASP) is a research group studying the subglacial to proglacial record of Pleistocene glacial events. It is based in the Delft University of Technology.
Introduction to glaciogenic reservoirs.
Glaciogenic reservoirs are sedimentary rocks deposited under an ice sheet influence and that are involved into a gas or oil reservoir. The glacial earth system is complex to study. A large amount on past and ongoing scientific programs work(ed) on our cryosphere and generate a lot of debate about its dynamic, sustainability and behavior against climate changes. Past glaciations or ice ages record occurred several times (Timeline of glaciation) along the geological time scale. As they are hundreds of million years old, these ancient glaciations are even more hard to analyse and study. Earth at that time had a different atmosphere composition, the chemistry of the oceans was also different, life evolution on earth had also a great impact on the dynamic of these ice sheets, the continents were in a particular setting, etc. Geologists have a broad idea of all those parameters but glaciologists know that this is the combination of those setting that bring to our current ice-age.
A glacial system is able to produce a very large amount of sediment due to the tremendous erosive forces of ice at its base. Those sediments are particularly coarse-grained (principally sandstones and conglomerates) and produced in consequent volumes [http://www.bgr.de/ecord/index.html?/ecord/basins/basins_focus.htm]. For their good reservoir properties, ancient glacially-related sediments have been targeted by oil industries. They are currently massively exploited in North Africa, in the Arabic peninsula, South Africa, and few small fields are present in Asia, Australia and Northern Europe. The main ice ages concerned are the Late Ordovician glaciation (Hirnantian) and the Permo-Carboniferous glaciations.
Project objectives.
Analogy is a usual geologist method, using the present day observations and project/adapt it to the ancient earth systems. The main problem of this technique is the time-scale considered and the observation methods used. Most of the time, observations of active ice-sheet processes are instantaneous at geological time-scale and hard to apply in the ancient. Furthermore, in the ancient, field and geophysical studies are carried out at lower resolution but on a wider scale (time and space). Finally, even if Subglacial lakes are observed below ice sheets, melt-water drainage system processes ongoing, especially like the tunnel valleys remain unobserved directly. The record of these huge subglacial "rivers" is mainly analysed via the recent ice ages imprints (Weichselian, Saalian and Pre-Illinoian or Elsterian stages) and in the ancient one (Late Ordovician and Permo-Carboniferous)
The idea of GRASP is to use methods commonly applied in the ancient onto recent glaciation record (Pleistocene). In the ancient, wide datasets are acquired by oil companies during exploration of sedimentary basins. By using the same type of data for the Pleistocene glacial record, the project tries to generate data comparable in between ancient and recent glaciations. The studied area is the North Sea that was glaciated during the Last Glacial Maximum as well as the Northwestern Europe. On the sea floor, around the North Sea and into the kilometre of sediments below, many traces and evidences of the glacial events are recorded. As this place is a petroleum province, many data, especially geophysics ones are currently released or could be borrowed for academic purposes. 
So, by joining the skills of three different universities, with the help of many data providers and the funding of six oil companies, new income is made into the knowledge of paleo-glacial systems. Basin analysis containing geophysical, reservoir and sedimentological models are produced in a new way and in a new type of environment. In an economic point of view, oil companies are interested in these models to have comparable data with their oil fields. In an academic one, understanding the recent ice sheet dynamic and is associated subglacial meltwater flow is crucial in the context of climate changes or fundamentally solving the intricate glacial record equation of recent and past ice ages.

</doc>
<doc id="18526673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526673" title="RTÉ Cór na nÓg">
RTÉ Cór na nÓg

RTÉ Cór na nÓg (RTÉ Children's Choir in English) is an Irish children's choir. In May 2004 Máire Mannion took up the position of choral director. The choir is part of RTÉ Performing Groups.
History.
The choir was founded in 1987. It currently has around 65 members. Choristers range from the ages of 9-14. Regular performances are made in Dublin (such as the National Concert Hall and the National Gallery of Ireland) and in other counties. Performances are regularly made with the RTÉ National Symphony Orchestra and the RTÉ Concert Orchestra. The choir often appears on RTÉ Television and Radio, most radio work is done on RTÉ lyric fm. The choir have previously done many religious programmes on RTÉ One. Recordings have included Gerard Victory's Ultima Rerum, the highly praised CD/Video Faith of our Fathers, Scenes of an Irish Christmas and a CD of Christmas produced for RTÉ lyric fm and the RTÉ Guide in 2005.
Recently, the choir have performed at the Dublin International Organ Festival, various Opera Ireland productions, Opera Theatre Company's Cinderella and the Russian State Ballet's Nutcracker. In 2007, performances were made in Dublin Castle, for an EBU Radio Assembly and Gustav Mahler's Symphony of a Thousand at the National Basketball Arena.
Every year, there is a large Christmas schedule. There is often at least one television appearance, as well as many concerts. The choir host a concert in St. Ann's Church in Dawson Street annually. In 2008 they were the closing act on the Late Late Toy Show.
The choir have received positive reviews from various publications.
The choir have rehearsals in the RTÉ Radio Centre every Wednesday and Saturday.
Importantly, the choir is part-funded through revenue derived from the licence fee paid by households with televisions in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="18526694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526694" title="Koninkrijksdag">
Koninkrijksdag

Koninkrijksdag (, ) is the commemoration of the signing of the Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands on 15 December 1954 in Aruba, Curaçao, the Netherlands, and Sint Maarten. When 15 December falls on a Sunday, the commemoration takes place on Monday 16 December. Kingdom Day is, unlike "Koningsdag" (), not an official national holiday, but government buildings are instructed to fly the flag of the Netherlands without pennant.
The Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands was signed by Queen Juliana on 15 December 1954. The charter deals with the relation between the Netherlands and the overseas territories, the Netherlands Antilles, Netherlands New Guinea and Suriname. As of 2010, the charter governs the relationships between the Netherlands, Aruba (since 1986), Curaçao and Sint Maarten (since 2010).
Since 2005, the "Koninkrijksconcert" () is annually held on 15 December, to celebrate the relationship between Netherlands, the Netherlands Antilles, and Aruba. At the concerts, that were held in respectively Dordrecht, Amersfoort, Nijmegen, and Curaçao, musical artists from all over the kingdom have performed.
In 2008, "Naturalisatiedag" () in the Kingdom of the Netherlands was moved from 24 August, the day on which the Constitution of the Netherlands was signed, to 15 December, which has a symbolic meaning for all constituent countries of the kingdom. On Naturalisation Day, newly naturalized citizens officially receive their Dutch citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="18526701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526701" title="Alison Wright">
Alison Wright

Alison Wright may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18526705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526705" title="Francis West (disambiguation)">
Francis West (disambiguation)

Francis West may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18526744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526744" title="UK Top 40 (TV series)">
UK Top 40 (TV series)

UK Top 40 was a charts-based programme which aired on Sundays at 6pm on the CBBC channel from 2002 to 2005. The Show relaunched in Autumn 2002 along with the new CBBC line up. The shows launch presenters were Konnie Huq and Adrian Dickson and the show was a huge success they continued it over for another series in 2003.
Series.
Adrian and Konnie then both left the show after two series and it was seen as the end of an era. Many thought that the show would become interactive with a voice over but in 2004 it was revealed for the third series that Andrew Hayden-Smith would take over. With the series three rebrand the viewers left due to competition from Top of the Pops which moved to the same time slot.
Series 1 (2002-2003).
The first series was anchored by Konnie and Adrian and contained guests and more fun competitions and games and counted down the top 40 singles in the UK.
UK Top 40: CBBC Viewers Vote (Christmas 2002).
This special hosted by Adrian Dickson and a short report from Konnie Huq who was unavailable due to Blue Peter. This show is when the CBBC viewers get to vote for their favourite songs of that year. It also contained guests and competitions. This aired on Boxing Day at 10:45am on BBC One.
Series 2 (2003-2004).
The second series was reduced by 30 minutes and featured no games but it had a weekly competition and still had a celebrity guest to perform.
UK Top 40: CBBC Viewers Vote (New Year 2004).
This special hosted by Konnie Huq and Andrew Hayden-Smith (who was guest presenting for this special), Adrian was unavailable due to other commitments. This show is when the CBBC viewers get to vote for their favourite songs of that year. It also contained guests and competitions. This year it aired on New Year's Day at 2:45pm on BBC One.
Series 3 (2004-2005).
The final series was 1 hour again and featured competitions but no celebrity guests. It mainly counted down the top 40.
Time Slot.
The original time slot was Sundays at 6:00pm for one hour, but in series two a new CBBC show called "The Agents" was put in that timeslot from 6:00pm–6:30pm so CBBC found as the current time slot was so successful they would reduce the show to 30 minutes and at the new time of 6:30pm.
Presenters.
Konnie Huq (2002–2004)<br>
Adrian Dickson (2002–2004)<br>
Andrew Hayden-Smith (2004–2005)

</doc>
<doc id="18526757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526757" title="Madar, Yemen">
Madar, Yemen

Madar, Yemen is a village about north of Sanaa. In 2003 a local journalist noted the existence of dinosaur footprints in limestone bedrock and brought them to the attention of geologists at the University of Sanaa. The main site of the finds, located at , is approximately west off the main road, and has been signposted and fenced by the Yemen Geological Survey. Additional tracks have been recognized nearby, within the villages of Arhab and Bait al Washr. At the main site it was determined that there were tracks of eleven sauropods and one ornithopod dating from 150 million years ago. Footprints of both juveniles and adults were found. The discovery is the first of dinosaur footprints in the Arabian Peninsula, and only a very few fossils have been previously identified in the peninsula. The discovery has since been signposted for tourists, and efforts are underway to list the site with UNESCO.

</doc>
<doc id="18526783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526783" title="USS Spitfire (1776)">
USS Spitfire (1776)

USS "Spitfire" was a "row galley" authorized and constructed by Rhode Island during the American Revolution, and was placed in service in 1776. During this age of sail, row galleys were highly maneuverable compared to sailing ships whose movements were dependent on the wind. "Spitfire" had a reportedly successful career, helping to capture British cargo ships and engaging in the fight against British warships.
Ordered by Rhode Island.
Late in 1775, the General Assembly of Rhode Island ordered the construction of two galleys, "Washington" and "Spitfire". In January 1776, the General Assembly appointed John Grimes Commodore of the galleys and, presumably soon thereafter, they were placed in service in Narragansett Bay.
Capturing British cargo ships.
They cruised in defense of American shipping, acted as transports, and assisted landing parties seeking forage and supplies. On 11 April 1776, they recaptured the brigantine "Georgia Packet" and sloop "Speedwell" which HMS "Scarborough" had captured and brought into the bay, braving the fire of "Scarborough"s guns as they took the prizes from under her stern.
In July 1776, the galleys were ordered to New York City to help protect the Hudson River, and they reached New York harbor on 1 August. There they cooperated with a flotilla created by George Washington.
Attacking British warships.
On the afternoon of 3 August, "Spitfire" joined "Lady Washington" and "Washington" in an attack on HMS "Phoenix" and HMS "Rose" and engaged the British warships for over two hours before retiring. One man on "Spitfire" was killed and two were badly wounded. Her hull and rigging sustained much damage.
The two galleys returned to Providence, Rhode Island, late in the month. In mid-September, libels were filed in court on
Little is known about the curious action which resulted in this litigation in Admiralty court-not even when it occurred.
Swashbuckling.
The quotation above does suggest that "Spitfire", on at least one more occasion, continued her swashbuckling. Few records have survived to fill out the galley's subsequent career. She was apparently sent to New London, Connecticut, early in October 1776 “to strengthen the naval force as much as possible.” Nothing of the galley is recorded until the summer of 1778, by which time "Spitfire" “had been captured or destroyed by the enemy”.

</doc>
<doc id="18526787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526787" title="Fragment-based lead discovery">
Fragment-based lead discovery

Fragment-based lead discovery (FBLD) also known as fragment-based drug discovery (FBDD) is a method used for finding lead compounds as part of the drug discovery process. It is based on identifying small chemical fragments, which may bind only weakly to the biological target, and then growing them or combining them to produce a lead with a higher affinity. FBLD can be compared with high-throughput screening (HTS). In HTS, libraries with up to millions of compounds, with molecular weights of around 500 Da, are screened, and nanomolar binding affinities are sought. In contrast, in the early phase of FBLD, libraries with a few thousand compounds with molecular weights of around 200 Da may be screened, and millimolar affinities can be considered useful.
Library design.
In analogy to the rule of five, it has been proposed that ideal fragments should follow the 'rule of three' (molecular weight < 300, ClogP < 3, the number of hydrogen bond donors and acceptors each should be < 3 and the number of rotatable bonds should be < 3). Since the fragments have relatively low affinity for their targets, they must have high water solubility so that they can be screened at higher concentrations.
Advantages over traditional libraries.
Advantages of screening low molecular weight fragment based libraries over traditional higher molecular weight chemical libraries are several. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="18526795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526795" title="Sweet Attention">
Sweet Attention

Sweet Attention is the third full-length studio album by American indie rock band Rookie of the Year. The follow-up to 2006's "The Goodnight Moon" was released on 5 August 2008. It is the band's fourth release and third studio album on label 111 Records. The album was produced by Matt Malpass. Prior to release of the album, Rookie of the Year posted "What is Love" and "Summer" up on their MySpace page.
An advance copy of the album leaked in June 2008, in response, the band released nine bonus unreleased tracks with the entire record which has been re-mixed and re-mastered.

</doc>
<doc id="18526800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526800" title="Javier Menghini">
Javier Menghini

Javier Menghini (born 27 February 1980 in La Plata, Argentina) is an Argentine football defender who currently plays for Villa San Carlos from Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18526805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526805" title="Van Vliet">
Van Vliet

Van Vliet is a toponymic surname of Dutch origin. The original bearer may have lived or worked near a vliet, a Dutch term for a minor stream. The name is quite common in the Netherlands, ranking 40th in 2007 (16,903 people). Variations include "Van de Vliet" and "Van der Vliet". People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18526809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526809" title="Francis Badgley">
Francis Badgley

Francis Badgley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18526835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526835" title="GetBack (website)">
GetBack (website)

GetBack.com was a social networking and multi-media website based out of Los Angeles, CA that was active between 2007 and 2010. Its aim was to help baby boomers rediscover pop culture from past decades and interact with their peers.
About.
In 2007, GetBack.Com was launched by executives from its sister company Shout! Factory along with veterans of IFILM and MTV.
The site collection of cultural media ranged from the 1960s through the 1990s. Users were able to watch music videos, TV clips, and interviews. There were also artist pages that include artist-related media as well as bios, timelines, "then and now" galleries, and comment boards.
Additionally, the site contained traditional social networking features such as profiles, chat, messaging and user-generated content uploads. Widgets and other elements were available, as well as early game classics such as Tetris, Frogger, and Super Mario Bros.
GetBack.com closed down in January 2010, with the intention of relaunching in March of that year. As of 2012, the site remains down, and its domain parked.

</doc>
<doc id="18526881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526881" title="Belchior (footballer)">
Belchior (footballer)

Nuno Ricardo Santos Belchior better known as Belchior (born 9 October 1982) is a Portuguese beach soccer player. He plays in forward position.

</doc>
<doc id="18526891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526891" title="Roman Catholic Marian movements and societies">
Roman Catholic Marian movements and societies

Throughout the centuries the devotion to and the veneration of the Blessed Virgin Mary by Roman Catholics has both led to, and been influenced by a number of
Roman Catholic Marian Movements and Societies. These societies, form part of the fabric of Roman Catholic Mariology. Popular membership in Marian organizations grew significantly in the 20th century, as apparitions such as Fátima gave rise to societies with millions of members, and today many Marian societies exist around the world. This article reviews the major Marian movements and organizations.
Early societies.
Sodality of Our Lady.
The Sodality of Our Lady was formed in 1563 in Rome by members of the Society of Jesus and has remained the official Marian society of the Holy See for centuries. In 1584, Pope Gregory XIII issued a Papal Bull commending this Sodality, granting it indulgences and establishing it as the "mother Sodality". The Bull "Gloriosae Dominae" of Pope Benedict XIV increased the privileges of the sodality and the 1948 Apostolic Constitution Bis Saeculari of Pope Pius XII summarized the historical and contemporary relevance of the sodality.
Over several centuries the organization listed many saints, several popes and various royal figures as members. Until the Second Vatican Council in 1965, the Sodality of Our Lady or the "Children of Mary" as it was known, was a well-known part of the life of Catholic Communities worldwide. After the Second Vatican Council, many sodalities were transformed by the Jesuits, who redirected their policies towards social concern. Since then, the number of active sodalities has dwindled, as other Marian organizations have grown.
Marians of the Immaculate Conception.
Also known as the Congregation of Marian Fathers of the Immaculate Conception of the Most Blessed Virgin Mary, this is a community of more than 500 Roman Catholic priests and brothers in 19 countries on 6 continents. They are a religious institute and pledge support to the Pope. Their aim is to spread devotion to the Blessed Virgin Mary as the Immaculate Conception, pray for the souls in purgatory and undertake a variety of apostolic work. Marians were the first Catholic men’s religious institute dedicated to the honor of Mary’s Immaculate Conception.
The organization was formed in 1673 by Blessed Stanislaus Papczyński (beatified in Licheń, Poland in 2007). Pope Innocent XII granted his approval for the institute in 1699 with solemn vows under the French Rule of the Ten Virtues of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
Over the next 200 years, the institute was caught up in the wars and turmoil in Europe and was saved in 1909 by Blessed George Matulaitis-Matulewicz who as a youth had been brought up in a village where Marians staffed the local parish. The experience had left him with a lifelong respect and admiration for the Marian Fathers.
The new Constitutions for the institute were approved by Pope Pius X in 1910, and it grew thereafter.
Although it is now an international organization, the Marians still have strong roots in Poland, (e.g. the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Licheń) and place a great deal of emphasis on spreading the messages of Divine Mercy of Saint Faustina Kowalska. Their role in spreading the Divine Mercy message was acknowledged by Pope John Paul II in a Papal Blessing in 2001, the 70th anniversary of the revelation of the Divine Mercy Message and Devotion. Marian Fathers are well known as Official promoters of the authentic Divine Mercy message since 1941.
18th and 19th centuries.
Company of Mary.
The Company of Mary, also called the "Montfort Missionaries" is the earliest Marian society based on the influence of Saint Louis de Montfort. The organization was formed in 1705 by Saint Louis himself with just one missionary disciple, Mathurin Rangeard.
Five months after his ordination, in November 1700, St Louis wrote: "I am continually asking in my prayers for a poor and small company of good priests to preach missions and retreats under the standard and protection of the Blessed Virgin".
During the intervals between his missions Montfort wrote the Rule of the Company of Mary (1713). After he died in 1716, two young priests and sometime collaborators, Father Adrien Vatel and Father Rene Mulot continued his mission. From 1718 till 1781 the "Mulotins", although few in number, gave over 430 missions throughout western France, most of which lasted a month.
After the French Revolution Montfort's community was reorganized by Father Gabriel Deshayes, elected superior general in 1821. He received from Pope Leo XII a brief of praise for the Company of Mary and for the Daughters of Wisdom, which had also been formed by de Montfort with the help of Blessed Marie Louise Trichet. The company has since grown to an international congregation of missionary priests and brothers serving in nearly 30 countries and numbering near 1,000 men.
Marianists.
The Marianists, also called the Society of Mary was founded in 1801 by Blessed William Joseph Chaminade, a priest who survived the persecutions of Catholics during the French Revolution. There are currently 500 priests and over 1,500 religious in the organization.
The Society is one of the four branches of the Marianist Family. Along with the other branches, the Marianist Brothers and Priests look to Mary as a model for faith and spirituality, and they feel that the best ways to live a spiritual life are to share their faith with others, work with the poor, and educate and nourish the mind, the body, and the soul.
Marianists can be classified as priests, teaching brothers, or working brothers, but, regardless of classification, most members of the institute work in schools or programs for young people. In all of their educational institutions, the Characteristics of Marianist Education guide the curriculum.
The society has many affiliated organizations, such as: the "Daughters of Mary Immaculate" and the "Marian Alliance". The society has branches on every continent.
Marists.
The Marists were founded by (later) Father Jean-Claude Colin and a group of other seminarians in France in 1816. Jean-Claude Courveille (1787–1866) had the original insight for the congregation but it was brought to fruition by Colin.
Pope Gregory XVI, approved the religious institute in 1836. The Little Brothers of Mary and the Sisters of the Holy Name of Mary, commonly called Marist Brothers and Marist Sisters, were reserved for separate institutes. Father Colin was elected Superior General in 1836, and on that same day the first Marist professions took place, Saint Peter Chanel, Colin, and Saint Marcellin Champagnat being among those professed. Saint Peter Chanel, was later martyred on the island of Futuna.
The society's name derives from the Blessed Virgin Mary whom the members attempt to imitate in their spirituality and daily work. The post-nominal initials of the Society are S.M., which sometimes leads to confusion with another religious institute of the same name (Society of Mary), but known as the Marianists.
Outside France, their first field of labour was the Vicariate Apostolic of Western Oceania, comprising New Zealand, Tonga, Samoa, the Gilbert (now known as Kiribati) and Marshall Islands, Fiji, New Caledonia, New Guinea, the Solomon and the Caroline Islands. The society has since grown to an international organization. and there are around 1000 Marists worldwide.
Marist Brothers.
The Marist Brothers are a religious institute of brothers and affiliated lay people founded near Lyon in France in 1817 by Saint Marcellin Champagnat, a young French priest of the Marist Fathers.
The Marist Brothers are not clerics, but are devoted to educational work throughout the world and now conduct primary and secondary schools, academies, industrial schools, orphanages and retreat houses in 77 countries on five continents: Europe, Africa, America, Asia, and Oceania.
The Marist Brothers have had ministries in over 100 different nations. Presently there are approximately 4300 brothers in 76 countries on 5 continents, working directly and sharing their mission and spirituality with more than 40,000 lay Marists, and together educating close to 500,000 children and young people.
In 2007, the Holy See beatified 47 Marist Brothers from the dioceses of Burgos, Cartagena, Girona, Lleida, Palencia, Pamplona and Tudela, San Sebastian, Solsona, Terrassa, Teruel and Albarracin, Urgell and Vic who died in the Spanish Civil War.
Early 20th century.
Schoenstatt Movement.
The Schoenstatt Movement was founded in Germany in 1914 by Father Joseph Kentenich as a means of bringing spiritual renewal to the Catholic Church. It is named after a small village near Koblenz, Germany. Schoenstatt emphasizes a strong devotion to the Blessed Virgin Mary, upholding her as a perfect example of love and purity. Schoenstatt seeks to invite the Blessed Virgin (and, hence, her divine Son, Jesus Christ), into the home by establishing a spiritual Covenant of Love with her. It encourages its members to have the faith and purity of children, and to think of Mary as their mother.
A central point in the movement dynamics and faith is the devotion to the Shrine, based on the first shrine in Schoenstatt where the movement started with a special devotion to Mary and of which there are dozens of replicas around the world. The movement is now active in several countries besides Germany, especially in South America and India and it is involved in various apostolic actions, including missionary work, charity, and education.
Many groups have been formed within the movement where people can join anything from loose groups with sparse meetings to religious institutes. The organization reports that there are hundreds of Schoenstatt youth groups throughout the world and that overall it has close to one million followers.
Militia Immaculata.
Founded by St. Maximilian Maria Kolbe OFM Conv. in 1917 while a Franciscan seminarian in Rome, and after witnessing an anti-clerical movement, (Freemasons) in celebration of their second centenary, protest with pamphlets in the streets, and then overtaking the St. Peter's Square/Vatican with signs and banners that read of Satan's reign over St. Michael and the Pope. Young Maximilian was called to take action and immediately went to his superior to ask permission to go and speak to the head Mason. His superior told the bold young friar that he should go to the chapel and pray instead. It was through prayer that Br. Maximilian knew something needed to be done to counter this great evil that was spreading in the hearts of men. He did not see the Freemasons as enemies, but as brothers who had lost their way, for he knew that there was but one enemy, the ancient serpent who God promised to send the Woman/Immaculata to "crush thy head. (Genesis 3:15)" 
Turning to the Immaculata as Queen and Mother, he desired to become her "Knight" ready for whatever battle she asked of him. He presenting the idea of forming the "Militia of the Immaculata" (or M.I.) to his Jesuit spiritual director, as well as his Franciscan Superior at the house of studies in Rome, and was encouraged to began this Marian Movement in the Catholic Church. The purpose of the M.I. was to draw souls back to the knowledge and importance of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and to how every soul can easily enter into this consoling mystery through their own personal Act of Consecration to the Immaculata. "The quickest and surest way to personal sanctification." (+SMMK) In countering the works of the devil, he knew it was only through holiness (and holiness is the work of God's grace and Mary is the Mediatrix of All Grace) that we will overcome the evil and to free souls from his shackles of sin and error. 
On Oct. 16th 1917, the eve of the Feast of St. Margaret Mary Alacoque and three days after the Miracle of the Sun in Fatima, and in complete obedience, Br. Maximilian Kolbe, along with six like-minded friars gathered in prayer around an Immaculata statue (Our Lady of Full of Grace) and began to write up the Charter of the "Knights of the Immaculata," which is in fact deeply rooted in the 800 year old teachings/spirituality of the Franciscan Order in itself. And taking as their emblem the "Medal of the Immaculate Conception" or the "Miraculous Medal" as it later become known. "Through Mary Immaculate to Jesus Christ---this is our motto." (+SMMK)
In 1919 the M.I. was blessed by Pope Benedict XV, and in 1922 the Vicar of Rome, Cardinal Pomilii, approves the M.I. as a "pious union". In 1926 Pope Pius XI grants indulgences to the M.I. in Rome, where the international college of the Order is established as a Primary Center, and in 1997 on the 80th anniversary of the founding of the M.I. the Holy See erects the M.I. as an International Public Association of the Faithful, which is the highest esteem recognition that Holy Mother Church can bestow on a lay organization. The M.I. is open to all Catholics, religious & laity, young and old. Its purpose is to bring about renewal in individuals and throughout society through the mediation of the Mother of God, Mary Immaculate. 
To become an M.I. member one has to simply make an Act of Total Consecration to the Immaculata, enroll at a M.I. center, wear or carry a Miraculous Medal, and renew one's Consecration daily .--- There are three levels of involvement within the M.I. as St. Maximilian himself established. MI-1 Total Consecration and then the freedom to go wherever the Immaculate takes you to help bring souls to her Son. / MI-2 Act in accordance/harmony with a recognized/established MI center for the purpose spreading of the MI movement / MI-3 Give your whole life to the cause of the MI spirituality. 
"Fr. Maximilian is a prophet and sign of a new era, an era of a civilization of love." +Bl. John Paul II
Legion of Mary.
Formed in 1921 in Dublin, Ireland by Frank Duff, The Legion of Mary was first only open to women, but men joined as of 1929. The legionaries first started out by visiting hospitals, and in 1928 Duff formulated its basic rules.
The organization spread out of Ireland and started to grow after Pope Pius XI expressed praise for it in 1931. The Venerable Edel Mary Quinn spearheaded the spread of the organization in Africa during the 1930s and 1940s and Legion of Mary currently claims three million active members worldwide, and estimates its auxiliary members about ten million. Both Quinn and Duff are in the beatification process. Members must be practicing Catholics.
The spirituality of the Legion of Mary is based on the approach of Saint Louis de Montfort as put forward in his book "True Devotion to Mary". Saint Louis de Montfort's approach of "total dedication" to Christ through devotion to the Virgin Mary also influenced popes such as John Paul II.
The essential aim of the Legion of Mary is the sanctification of its members through prayer, the sacraments and devotion to Mary and the Trinity, and of the whole world through the apostolate of the Legion.
Blue Army of Our Lady of Fatima.
The Blue Army was founded in 1947 by Rev. Fr. Harold V. Colgan in New Jersey, USA. Inspired by the message of Our Lady of Fátima he focused the organization on devotion to the Immaculate Heart of Mary, daily recitation of the Rosary and righteous observance of the duties of one's state of life.
Author John Haffert assisted Colgan and began delivering conferences on the message of Fátima and the Blue Army. He also edited the "Scapular Magazine" that added one million new members to the organization.
In May 1947 Colgan met Pope Pius XII who approved of and blessed the organization. In 1950 there were one million enrolled members, in 1953 five million, and currently the numbers are beyond twenty million.
As the Blue Army grew into an international organization, it was transformed into the World Apostolate of Fatima, the decree of erection for it being signed in October 2005. In February 2006, the World Apostolate of Fátima held an official ceremony for the consignment of the decree and the approval of its statutes at the Pontifical Council for the Laity in Rome. The World Apostolate of Fátima is now headquartered in Fátima, Portugal.
Our Lady's Rosary Makers.
This organization was formed in 1949 in Louisville, Kentucky by Sylvan Mattingly, a Xaverian Brother who inspired by the message of Our Lady of Fátima decided to form a rosary making club. The organization started modestly, with $25 donated by an old couple for a typewriter and was based in the basement of St. Xavier High School. Sylvan Mattingly died two years after he formed the club, but over time it grew in the U.S. and around the world.
Our Lady's Rosary Makers now has about 17,000 members, in the U.S. and other countries, who make and distribute roughly 7 million cord and chain rosaries annually for missions around the world. Over the years, the members Our Lady’s Rosary Makers have distributed hundreds of millions of free rosaries to Catholic missions worldwide.
The core of Our Lady's Rosary Makers operation is the bimonthly newsletter called Our Lady’s Messenger which reaches approximately twenty thousand people. There is no central control over the rosary making activity, and Catholic missionaries worldwide who are in need of rosaries just post their requests in the newsletter. Other members then select which missionaries they are inspired to send rosaries to by reading the newsletter. The missionaries simply wait until packages of Rosaries arrives in the mail from various members.
Late 20th century.
Mariological Society of America.
The Mariological Society of America (MSA) is a theological society dedicated to the study of the Virgin Mary along with an interest in encouraging Marian catechetics and Marian spirituality in the Americas. It is a Catholic theological association dedicated to studying and making known the role of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the mystery of Christ and in the Church and in the history of salvation. Through its annual meeting and in its publication, Marian Studies, the Society seeks to promote original research in Mariology, Marian doctrine and devotion.
The Mariological Society of America was founded by Fr. Juniper B. Carol, O.F.M., in October 1949 with the support of Charles Balic, O.F.M. The charter members gathered for the first meeting in Washington, D.C., in January 1950. Since that time, the MSA has met annually in various cities throughout the United States. In 1954, the Society was recognized as a corporation "organized exclusively for charitable, religious, educational and scientific purposes." Listed in the Official Catholic Directory as one of the national organizations of the United States Catholic Conference. The proceedings of the annual meeting are published in Marian Studies.
Marian Movement of Priests.
The Marian Movement of Priests was founded by Father Stefano Gobbi in 1972, on the 55th anniversary of Our Lady of Fátima. According to the organization, its members now include over 400 Catholic cardinals and bishops, more than 100,000 Catholic priests, and several million lay Catholics worldwide.
Father Gobbi had not claimed a Marian apparition, but had reported interior locution from the Virgin Mary, i.e. an internal voice from the Blessed Virgin that urged him to have confidence in the Immaculate Heart of Mary and to gather those priests that would be willing to consecrate themselves to Immaculate Heart of Mary and be strongly united with the Pope and the Catholic Church.
In 1973, he wrote his interior locutions as messages which were published in the book: "To the Priests, Our Lady's Beloved Sons" and received imprimaturs from three Catholic cardinals. Pope John Paul II, who had a personal devotion to the Virgin Mary, used to meet with and celebrated mass with Father Gobbi in his private papal chapel in the Vatican on an annual basis for several years. In November 1993, Pope John Paul II also provided an official papal blessing for the American branch of the organization in St. Francis, Maine but did not offer an imprimatur for the book.
The movement places special emphasis on the power of praying the Holy Rosary and Eucharistic Adoration as effective means of strengthening the Church. Father Gobbi has held cenacles of varying sizes on every continent. The cenacle he held in Ōita, Japan on June 2, 1978 was for a few priests and nuns while the cenacle he held in Mexico City on November 27, 1994 was attended by 20,000 people in the city stadium.
America Needs Fatima.
Formed in 1984 in the United States, this is an action oriented organization formed based on the work of the Brazilian writer Plinio Corrêa de Oliveira and the American Society for the Defense of Tradition, Family and Property. Organization members hold anti-abortion rallies, distribute leaflets and visit homes in the US with the statues of Our Lady of Fátima. The organization states that it has received letters of support for its initiatives from dozens of American bishops as well as many of priests.
The organization's stated goal is to: “win the heart and soul of America for Mary by spreading Our Lady's Fatima message and promoting devotion to Her Immaculate Heart.”
The organization is action oriented in the sense that it orchestrates anti-blasphemy campaigns outside major movie studios, and encourages activities such as "Public Square Rosary Campaigns". On October 13, 2012 the organization orchestrated a number of groups across the United States to pray the rosary and proclaim the Fatima message in a public place, such as a sidewalk or street corner, on the 95th anniversary of the Miracle of the Sun during the Fatima apparitions.
Early 21st century.
Fatima Movement of Priests.
The Fatima Movement of Priests was founded following a series of meetings among priests at three international Fátima Peace Congresses held by the Fátima Center: Tuy, Spain and Fátima, Portugal in October 2006; São Paulo, Brazil in July 2007; and Madras, India in late January, early February 2008.
The organization's stated focus is to implement the Our Lady of Fátima messages to affect people's lives, parishes and dioceses. It is also a loose confederation of Catholic priests and bishops the world over who have resolved to make the Fátima Message more central in their own priestly lives and in their work.

</doc>
<doc id="18526932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526932" title="Cross for Courage and Fidelity">
Cross for Courage and Fidelity

The Cross for Courage and Fidelity is a military award that was established by Queen Emma of the Netherlands by Royal Decree on 7 March 1898. The cross replaced the old Medal for Courage and Fidelity, which had limited prestige and status according to the Netherlands government. The cross is the second highest award of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, preceded only by the Military William Order. The cross was awarded to (and is still worn by) natives of the Netherlands East Indies that showed exceptional display of bravery and fidelity.
The cross has a resemblance to the Military William Order and is worn with the same ribbon as that order. The shape of the cross itself is somewhat different in the sense that the cross and crown are made of non-enamelled silver. On the cross of the Military William Order a gold spark rod is shown in the middle. However, on the cross for Courage and Fidelity, a heraldic Dutch Lion is shown. Between the arms of this cross two klewangs are added. The text on the cross has the description "VOOR MOED EN TROUW" () and at the back "Daden van Moed en Trouw in Nederlands-Indië door inlanders betoond" (). Between the crown and cross is a spark rod, a distinguishing mark of the Order of the Golden Fleece or the Military William Order.
The Governor-General of the Netherlands East Indies was authorized to award the cross. A total of 262 bronze and 13 silver crosses have been awarded, most of them in 1925. The last cross was awarded in 1927; after that natives and native soldiers of the Royal Dutch East Indies Army were also eligible to receive the Military William Order.
Those recipients who lost the cross during the Japanese occupation of Indonesia could receive a new cross but without an emblazoned crown.
Criticism.
The cross, nicknamed the "Military William Order for natives", has been regarded by many as discriminatory to the natives in the Netherlands East Indies.

</doc>
<doc id="18526938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526938" title="James Barry (Irish MP, 1659–1717)">
James Barry (Irish MP, 1659–1717)

James Barry (1659–1717) was an Irish politician.
Barry was returned for Rathcormack to the Irish House of Commons from 1692 until 1703, when he was also elected for Dungarvan. He chose to sit for latter and represented it until 1713. Subsequently he became again Member of Parliament (MP) for Rathcormack. In 1715, Barry stood a second time for Dungarvan, a seat he finally held until his death two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="18526946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526946" title="Row galley">
Row galley

A row galley was a term used by the early United States Navy for an armed watercraft that used oars rather than sail as a means of propulsion . During the "age of sail" row galleys had the advantage of propulsion while ships of sail might be stopped or running at slow speed because of lack of wind for their sails.
Even row galleys were sometimes fitted with sails.
During the American Revolution, row galleys, such as the USS "Spitfire" and the "Washington", with crews of up to 60 oarsmen, were employed successfully in battle against larger warships.
During the American Civil War, Union Navy and Confederate Navy ships operating in rivers and other interior waterways, would send row galleys to surprise and capture enemy ships anchored for the night.

</doc>
<doc id="18526949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526949" title="Paul Feeley">
Paul Feeley

Paul Feeley (b. 1910 Des Moines, Iowa - d.1966 New York City, New York) was an artist and director of the Art Department at Bennington College during the 1950s and early 1960s.
Biography.
At Bennington College, he was fundamental in establishing its art department. Committed to the art of his contemporaries, he exposed his students — Helen Frankenthaler among them — to many of the most significant artists of his time. He helped to organize the first retrospective exhibition of modernist sculptor David Smith, in 1951 and helped with the 1955 Hans Hofmann and the 1952 Jackson Pollock retrospectives which were both organized by Clement Greenberg. Feeley and Greenberg also organized a Kenneth Noland Exhibition at Bennington in 1961.
Feeley was also an important Color Field painter and in the early 1960s he was included in the catalog and exhibition called Post-Painterly Abstraction organized by Clement Greenberg in 1964. Feeley had his first full scale retrospective (held posthumously) at the Matthew Marks Gallery, 2002 in New York City.
Work.
His paintings are characterized by bright colors; simple, abstract forms; and symmetrically arranged, but serene, compositions. Clement Greenberg included Feeley’s work in his exhibition Emerging Talent at the Kootz Gallery in 1954, alongside other Color-Field painters like Morris Louis and Kenneth Noland. Critics have argued that his work is distinct from Color Field painting in its classical rigor and forms, whether derived from ancient Greek and Moorish decorative patterns or Cycladic and Egyptian statues. Art critic Gene Baro argued that the Color Field classification was in certain ways inappropriate. He saw Feeley's work as something wholly independent and not dialectically related to the Abstract Expressionist legacy - "in the way that Baroque art is remote from ancient Egyptian art and presumes different standards of value and habits of mind."
Paul Feeley was a veteran of more than 18 solo exhibitions in important contemporary galleries and dozens of group exhibitions in important museums. During the late 1950s through the mid-1960s he was represented by the Tibor de Nagy Gallery, and then the Betty Parsons Gallery in New York City where he had nine solo exhibitions. He also had exhibitions of his paintings and sculpture in London at the Kasmin Gallery and at the Nicholas Wilder Gallery in Los Angeles.
Recently, he has been the feature of solo shows at the Jablonka Galerie, 2006; Lawrence Markey, 2007; the Bennington Museum, 2008; and the Matthew Marks Gallery, 2008. Feeley’s work is held in major museum collections around the world including the Museum of Modern Art, the Whitney Museum of American Art, and the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18526950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526950" title="Randor Guy">
Randor Guy

Randor Guy is the pen name of Madabhushi Rangadorai (b. November 8, 1937 or according to his profile at galatta.com, March 13, 1945), a prominent Indian lawyer, columnist and film and legal historian associated with the English language newspaper "The Hindu".
He is also the official editor of the weekly column Blast from the Past that appears in "The Hindu" every Sunday.
Early life.
Guy graduated in B.Sc and B. L. from Madras University and commenced his career as a lawyer. After practising as a lawyer for a short time, he quit his job and joined a firm called Paterson and Co. where he worked for five years. In 1976, he resigned to devote all his time to writing.
Work as a film historian.
Guy has been writing books on history and films since 1967. He became popular when his article on Frank Capra was purchased by the United States Information Agency for use as a reference work. Randor Guy remains the only non-American whose work has been acquired as reference material by the Government of the United States of America.
Guy is a regular columnist for newspapers as the "Mylapore Times", "The Hindu" and "The Indian Express". He also writes for the film magazine, "Screen". He writes on a variety of topics though he is mainly popular as a film historian and critic.
Films.
Guy has written the screenplays for a few short documentaries and feature films. He has also produced a few advertisement films. In 1999, he made a 100-minute feature film in English titled "Perfumed Garden" for a Hollywood film company. It was subsequently dubbed into Hindi, Tamil and Telugu as "Brahmachari". He has written a Sinhalese film called "Paradise Peak" based on a best-selling crime novel written by him. Currently, he is working with the screenplay for an English film called "Maya" starring Kollywood actress Namitha. "Maya" is Namitha's first film in English.
Awards and felicitations.
On November 12, 2007, during a function commemorating the fifth anniversary of "Samudra", a magazine dedicated to art and culture, Guy was awarded the Gnana Samudra award in recognition of his contributions to arts.

</doc>
<doc id="18526956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526956" title="National Indigenous Radio Service">
National Indigenous Radio Service

The National Indigenous Radio Service is a satellite program feed available in Australia to community radio stations that are subscribers of the CBAA’s Community Radio Network. The NIRS provides targeted and specialist programming for and by Australia’s Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander broadcasters. From its base in Brisbane the NIRS provides a feed of programs and music supplied by a number of contributing stations including Koori Radio, 4AAA and 8KNB.
Subscribing stations are able to re-transmit individual programs or entire blocks of program time as needed. As NIRS is broadcast 24 hours a day, stations with limited resources who are unable to provide a full-time service can use NIRS to fill the gaps between local programming. For those radio stations that already broadcast 24 hours a day, NIRS gives them access to national coverage of current affairs and indigenous issues, which some stations may not have the resources for to provide themselves.
Funding.
The National Indigenous Radio Service receives the bulk of its funds from the Australian Government through the Department of Environment, Water, Heritage and the Arts. The service can also broadcast limited advertising in the form of sponsorship and offers an in-house production and placement service.
Programming.
Along with its bed of purely Australian and Indigenous music is national programming covering topics such as health, education, Government department updates and issues relevant to Indigenous Australians. Other programming includes regional news, sporting events and coverage of live music and festivals.
Australian Rules Football.
During the home and away season, NIRS broadcasts descriptions of at least three Australian Football League matches every weekend. Expert commentators in 2011 included Gilbert McAdam, Ronnie Burns,Chris Johnson, Indigenous Team of the Century umpire Glenn James, and Darryl White.
Simulcast.
The National Indigenous Radio Service broadcasts on relay & simulcasts on CAAMA Radio FM programs.
VAST.
In December 2013, the National Indigenous Radio Service will join the new VAST satellite platform.
National Indigenous News Service.
The National Indigenous News Service also operates from the Brisbane base and provides an hourly five minute bulletin of regional, national and international news. The bulletins are an Indigenous focused news service with Indigenous news from across the country taking priority over mainstream news.

</doc>
<doc id="18526969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526969" title="George Gobat">
George Gobat

George Gobat (born at Charmoilles, in the Diocese of Basel, now Doubs, France, 1 July 1600; died 23 March 1679) was a French Jesuit theologian.
Life.
He entered the Society of Jesus, 1 June 1618. After teaching the humanities he was professor of sacred sciences at Fribourg, Switzerland (1631–41), and of moral theology at the Jesuit college in Halle, Belgium (1641–44). He then was at Munich (1644–47), rector at Halle (1647–51), and professor of moral theology at Ratisbon (1651–54). He was rector at Fribourg (1654–56), and professor of moral theology at Constance (1656–60), where he was also penitentiary of the cathedral, a post he retained until his death.
George Gobat is born of Sebastian Gobat in 1923.
Works.
Besides his "Disputationes in Aristotelem" (Fribourg, 1633–34), and the Latin translation, "Narratio historica eorum quæ Societatis Jesu in Nova Francia fortiter egit et passa est anno 1648-49", from the French of Father Raguenau, S.J., there are mentioned smaller works on the Jubilee and on indulgences, and a collection of practical cases on the Sacraments entitled "Alphabetum". Later these cases were republished under the title "Experentiæ Theologicæ sive experimentalis theologia" (Munich, 1669 and Constance, 1670). The "Alphabetum quadraplex de voto, juramento, blasphemia, superstitione" appeared at Constance in 1672. These works were several times republished in three volumes under the heading "Opera Moralia", for instance, at Douai, 1701, the last edition being published at Venice, 1749.
Gobat follows the casuistic method, treating the different questions in a clear and simple style, and applying them especially to existing conditions in Germany, conditions well known to him from the confessional and the numerous cases referred to him for settlement. Several of his doctrines were later condemned by the Holy See, notably by Pope Innocent XI in 1679, the year of Gobat's death. The Douai edition (1701) of the "Opera Moralia" drew from Mgr. Gui de Sève de Rochechouart, Bishop of Arras, the censure of thirty-two propositions. The adversaries of the Jesuits in France, Germany, and Holland, eagerly seized the occasion for an attack on the "Jesuit moral", but several apologies were published to counter this; among these defenders of Gobat were Gabriel Daniel, S. J., who wrote "Apologie pour la doctrine des Jésuites" (Liege, 1703) and Johann Christoph Rassler, S.J., author of "Vindiciæ Gobatianæ" (Ingolstadt, 1706).

</doc>
<doc id="18526973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526973" title="Retirement Estimator">
Retirement Estimator

The Retirement Estimator is an online tool available on the official government website of the Social Security Administration.
The Retirement Estimator is an immediate and personalized financial planning tool that lets workers calculate how much they might expect to receive in Social Security benefits when they retire.

</doc>
<doc id="18526982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18526982" title="Elizabeth Percy">
Elizabeth Percy

Elizabeth Percy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18527031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527031" title="Unabhängiges Filmfest Osnabrück">
Unabhängiges Filmfest Osnabrück

The Unabhängige FilmFest Osnabrück (Osnabrück Independent Film Festival) is one of the eldest and most traditional film festivals in Lower Saxony, Germany. Every year it takes place on five days in October in Osnabrück. It is hosted by the non-profit association Osnabrücker FilmForum e.V. under the direction of Birgit Mueller and Holger Tepe. Patron of the 26. FilmFest was David McAllister, Minister-President of the state of Lower Saxony. The 27. Unabhängige FilmFest Osnabrück will take place from October, 10. - 14. 2012.
History and main principles.
Since its very beginning in 1986 the festival has felt obliged to support committed and innovative filmmaking. Societies and media are changing all the time and so does the FilmFest, taking all of those changes into account. But the core of its activities stays basically the same, as has been rephrased in their 2004 statement: "The basic idea of the FilmFest is to forward tolerance within the society and between nations. 
Such tolerance can only be developed by knowing, understanding and dealing with one's own as well as "foreign" points of views and ways of life. In order to promote this process the FilmFest is continually employing the film media with its manifold possibilities in style and expression. In times of increasing globalization it aims at providing points of reference and calling on the individual to recognize the extent of his/her own responsibility and act accordingly.
In 2001 the FilmFest obtained a more sociopolitical direction and hence bears the name "Unabhängiges FilmFest Osnabrück". It cooperates with several organisations and institutions such as terre des hommes.
Main topics.
Since year 2006 the FilmFest selects essential topics that serve as the thematical background for the whole festival. This allows, together with the movies, a notable examination with the specific topic and all-embracing discussions.
Sections.
The FilmFest presents features, documentaries and short films of the following sections:
The FilmFest awards different endowed prizes:
Competitions.
Competition for the Peace Film Award.
In this section the FilmFest presents committed and groundbreaking feature films and documentaries that stand up for tolerance and humanity. Issues that as far as the organizers are concerned are being neglected and tend to disappear behind general statements and lip service. This is where the FilmFest comes in, inviting the audience to take part in a discussion about peace and all its implications, reaching from international conflicts to inner-social differences and domestic problems. We aim at filling the notion of peace with tangible contents and at going further than the superficial observation of current, social developments as practiced by the media, in order to inform the audience, to make them more susceptible to these issues and to make them question their own set of behavior. 
During the selection process and the compilation of the program the team does not only judge by formal standards, but also puts great emphasis on the thematic compatibility of the films and their potential to enrich each other.
The films are in competition for the Osnabrück Peace Film Award that will be awarded by a jury of experts that consists of three representatives of the film industry.
Award recipients since 2002:
Competition for the Children's Rights Award.
The programme presents four films that deal in an outstanding and committed fashion with the situation and rights of children all over the world. The subject matters of these films are the social, economical and cultural living conditions of children in the developing countries as well as in the industrialized countries which are being conveyed in an informative and gripping way. They cover the realization of the basic rights to education, health care and shelter as well as protection against exploitation and violence and the children's claim to information, freedom of speech and the representation of their interests. The subjects of the section Children's Rights Issues closely follow the UN Convention for Children's Rights that has been signed by 191 states.
In this section the Children's Rights Award is bestowed by a school children's jury consisting of five pupils from eighth grade.
Award recipients since 2001:
Competition for the Short Film Award.
Short films leave a lot of freedom to the filmmakers, but at the same time compel them to articulate their ideas in a very precise manner. The FilmFest supports young talents and closely collaborates with numerous film academies.
Short films are also presented as supporting films that correspond with the feature film's subject matter or provide contrasting statements. 
In this section the prize is awarded by the audience.
Award recipients since 2001:
Film prize "Ernst Weber".
The film prize "Ernst Weber" for solidarity and social cohesion is being lent to a film which gives thought-provoking impulses or visions for the participation of all people in the society, regardless to their national or social origin.
The prize takes Ernst Weber’s commitment as an example: the engagement for a collaborative living that overcomes boundaries and centres the solidarity between people.
The film prize is endowed with 1000€.
Award recipients:
Prize for moral courage.
The film prize for moral courage, amounting to 1000€, is being awarded by the district of Osnabrück and is being given to a short film which points out the importance of moral courage in society in a particular way. Pupils attending the secondary school or a professional school in the district of Osnabrück can apply for being a part of the jury.
Award recipients:
Europe Unlimited.
The FilmFest supports the cultural convergence of the European countries and aims at critically accompanying this process with all its political, economical and social implications. It goes beyond conventional views and deals with specific aspects of the European unification. It is concerned with every day life and problems in Eastern and Western Europe and looks for differences and common interests. It tracks down breaks, approaches faults and detects frontiers. In this area of tension filmmaking takes on the crucial part of mediator between the "old and the new Europeans". Currently in this section there is no award given.
Vistas Latinas.
Since 2009 the FilmFest dedicates a part of its programme to Latin America. Against the background of noteworthy political, social and economic transformations the contemporary Latin American film presents itself aesthetically ambitious and deals with current social and cultural developments. Especially this decisive mixture explains the interest of the sociopolitically committed Osnabrücker FilmFest in the Latin American film. By now this section is non-competitive.
Special programs.
Before and meanwhile the FilmFest takes place there are other events related to film organzized by the FilmForum. A few examples are:
Venues.
The FilmFest takes place every year in three specific places:
Due to the special programs the team organizes throughout the whole year the number of venues in Osnabrück and its surrounding area rises permanently.

</doc>
<doc id="18527033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527033" title="Peter Pennoyer">
Peter Pennoyer

Peter Pennoyer AIA (born on February 19, 1957 in New York City, New York, United States of America) is an award-winning architect and principal of Peter Pennoyer Architects in New York City. Pennoyer, his partners, and his forty associates have an international practice in traditional and classical architecture. Many of the firm's institutional and commercial projects have involved historic buildings, and it is stated by The Institute of Classical Architecture & Classical America that the firm's strength is for "combining an inventive spirit with an erudite grasp of architectural history." The firm's projects have been widely featured in newspapers, books, and periodicals, including "The New York Times", "Architectural Digest", "Design Times", and "House & Garden". 
The Vendome Press published a book about the firm in October 2010.
Education and Family.
Pennoyer received a Bachelor of Architecture degree from Columbia College in 1981 and a Masters of Architecture from Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation in 1984.
While in graduate school from 1981 to 1983, Pennoyer worked as a designer in the Manhattan office of his Columbia professor, Robert A. M. Stern. He established his own practice in 1984, where he was principal in the firm Pennoyer Turino Architects P. C. until 1990. He then formed Peter Pennoyer Architects in New York City.
Pennoyer is married to Katie Ridder, an interior designer. Together they have three children: Jane, Anthony, and Virginia. They reside in Bronxville, New York.
Career.
Pennoyer is co-author of "The Architecture of Delano & Aldrich", "The Architecture of Warren & Wetmore", and "The Architecture of Grosvenor Atterbury" with Anne Walker. He and Walker have also written the introduction for a reprint of Frank M. Snyder’s "Building Details".
Peter Pennoyer is Chairman of the Board of The Institute of Classical Architecture & Art and serves as a trustee of The Morgan Library & Museum, the Mrs. Giles Whiting Foundation and the 2 East 62nd Street Foundation. He is a member of the Delano & Aldrich Fellowship Committee, Chairman of the Fellowship Committee for the Sir John Soane's Museum Foundation, a National Peer Reviewer of the U.S. General Services Administration, Washington D.C., and a lifetime member of the Society of Architectural Historians. Peter Pennoyer Architects supports The Institute of Classical Architecture & Classical America, the Alliance for the Arts, Friends of the Upper East Side Historic Districts, Historic Hudson Valley,the Municipal Art Society, The Morgan Library & Museum, New York Preservation Archive Project, United States Green Building Council, and World Monuments Fund.
Recognition.
Peter Pennoyer Architects is on Architectural Digest's AD100 List, which represents the current outstanding talents in architecture and interior design. In 2012, Peter Pennoyer Architects won the Stanford White Award for new construction for a house in Dutchess County, NY.
Pennoyer was the recipient of The Victorian Society of America's Metropolitan Chapter 2009 Annual Publication award for co-authoring "The Architecture of Grosvenor Atterbury" with Anne Walker, and Veranda Magazine's 2009 "Art of Design" award, winning in the Environment's category. He also received the "Victorian Society in America’s New York Chapters Annual Publication" award in 2007 for authoring "The Architecture of Warren and Wetmore" with Anne Walker. In 2007 Peter Pennoyer was named the Fourth Ambassador to the Upper East Side by the Friends of the Upper East Side Historic Districts.
Projects.
Pennoyer's projects include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18527058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527058" title="Willie Germany">
Willie Germany

Willie James Germany Jr. (born May 9, 1948) is a former American football defensive back who played four years in the National Football League.
Background.
Germany was born in Columbus, Georgia, he went to Howard High School (Ellicott City, Maryland) and he attended college at Morgan State University in Baltimore, Maryland.
Career.
Drafted by the Washington Redskins in the seventh round (166th overall) of the 1971 NFL Draft, Germany played in 42 games during his four-year NFL career. A journeyman defensive back, Germany played for the Atlanta Falcons, the Detroit Lions, the Houston Oilers and the New England Patriots.

</doc>
<doc id="18527062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527062" title="James Barry (Irish MP, 1689–1743)">
James Barry (Irish MP, 1689–1743)

James Barry (1689–1743) was an Irish politician. 
He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Dungarvan in the Irish House of Commons from 1713 to 1715 and again from 1721 to 1727. Between 1727 and 1743, he presented Rathcormack.

</doc>
<doc id="18527067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527067" title="Duke of Torres Novas">
Duke of Torres Novas

The Dukes of Torres Novas (in Portuguese "Duque de Torres Novas") was an aristocratic Portuguese title granted by King Philip II of Portugal, also known as Philip III of Spain, by a royal decree of September 26, 1619, to George of Lencastre, 1st Duke of Torres Novas, who died before his parents, Juliana and Álvaro of Lencastre of Lencastre, 3rd Dukes of Aveiro.
The title of Duke of Torres Novas (originally Marquis of Torres Novas) was subsidiary to the title of Duke of Aveiro, and was used by the House of Aveiro heir during his father's life.
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil" – Vol. III, pages 446/447. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18527095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527095" title="Pasang">
Pasang

Pasang is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Brunei. The game is often referred to as Pasang Emas which is actually a software implementation of the traditional board game. The object of this game is to acquire the most points by capturing black and white tokens on the board. Black tokens are worth 1 point, and white tokens are worth 2 points. The board is initially laid out with all 120 black and white tokens in one of over 30 traditional patterns. Players choose a piece called a "ka" which is used to capture the tokens on the board. Each player's "ka" moves around the board capturing as many tokens as possible. As a note, the "kas" are the only mobile pieces in the game. The other pieces are stationary, and are captured by the "kas". Players must capture token(s) during their turn, or lose the game. When all tokens have been captured from the board, the player with the most points is the winner. However, if there are any tokens left on the board, and none can be captured on a player's turn, then that player loses the game, and the other player is the winner.
The game is divided into three phases each with its own rules of capture. All three capturing methods are perhaps unique to Pasang. In the first phase, each player must choose a column of tokens to capture on their side of the board. The empty column left on the board is called a "passage". For the second phase, each player chooses a "ka" from among the tokens next to the passage, or tokens one column away from the passage whichever method both players agree upon. The "ka" then enters the passage and captures any odd number of tokens of the same color that it forms a line with from any orthogonal direction. From there on (third phase), each player's "ka" moves any number of vacant spaces in an orthogonal direction provided it can capture an odd number of tokens of the same color. However, the "ka" at this phase of the game captures tokens differently. If the "ka" is moving vertically (up and down), it can only capture tokens in a horizontal direction that it forms a line with. Likewise, if the "ka" moves horizontally (left and right), then it can only capture tokens in a vertical direction that it forms a line with. 
The game is unrelated to any other board game. It is perhaps remotely related to Fanorona. Its resemblance to Fanorona is that several pieces are captured in a particular line, and the pieces cover most of the board in the beginning. There is also a rule in the second and third phase, that an odd number of pieces must be captured reminiscent of the capturing rule in Rimau. 
Goal.
When all the pieces on the board have been captured, the player that has acquired the most points is the winner. However, if there are any pieces left on the board, then the player who could not perform their last turn is the loser, and the other player is the winner.
Equipment.
The board is an 11 x 11 grid board, or a 10 x 10 square board with pieces played on the intersection points. A 2 x 2 empty square is made in the middle of the board. To be more specific, the middle point of the board is removed along with the four segments connected to it. Also, four diagonal lines from the four corners of the board connect to the four corners of the 2 x 2 empty square. The diagonal lines have no structural relevance to the game, they are just an aid in setting up the pieces on the board in one of over thirty possible patterns. In this article, only two patterns are described. There is a total of 120 intersection points for the pieces to be played upon.
Each player has 60 pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other plays the white pieces, however any two colors will suffice.
Game Play and Rules.
1. In the beginning, the board is laid out with all 120 pieces on the 120 intersection points in one of two patterns. Players must agree on which pattern to lay out the pieces on the board. Please see the first link below under the External Links section for a better visual description of the two possible patterns.
The first pattern is described as the following: Let w = white piece, b = black piece, _ = empty (only found on the sixth row)
a) First row (or Top row): wwwwwbbbbbw; b) Second row: bwwwwbbbbww; c) Third row: bbwwwbbbwww; d) Fourth row: bbbwwbbwwww; e) Fifth row: bbbbwbwwwww; f) Sixth row: bbbbb_bbbbb; g) Seventh row: wwwwwbwbbbb; h) Eighth row: wwwwbbwwbbb; i) Ninth row: wwwbbbwwwbb; j) Tenth row: wwbbbbwwwwb; k) Eleventh row: wbbbbbwwwww
The second pattern is described as the following: Let w = white piece, b = black piece, _ = empty (only found on the sixth row)
a) First row (or Top row): bwwbbwwbwbb; b) Second row: bbwwbbwwbbw; c) Third row: wbbwwbbwbww; d) Fourth row: bwwbwwbbwwb; e) Fifth row: wwbbbwbwwbb; f) Sixth row: wbbww_wwbbw; g) Seventh row: bbwwbwbbbww; h) Eighth row: bwwbbwwbwwb; i) Ninth row: wwbwbbwwbbw; j) Tenth row: wbbwwbbwwbb; k) Eleventh row: bbwwwwbbwwb 
2. Once the pattern is agreed upon, and the pieces are laid out on the board accordingly, players then decide who will start first.
3. Players alternate their turns throughout the game. Only one move per turn, and each move is a capture. 
4. Each black piece captured is worth 1 point, and each white piece captured is worth 2 points. 
First Phase:
5. For their first move, each player must choose a 5 piece column to capture "on their respective half of the board". The first player captures first, and he or she has eleven possible columns to choose from their side. The captured column of pieces are removed from the board, and kept by the first player to be scored. Captured pieces are never brought back into the game. This is the first capture for the first player. The empty column left on the board is called a "passage". 
6. The second player then chooses their 5 piece column to capture, but is dependent upon which quadrant the first player had chosen their 5 piece column: a) If the first player had chosen a five piece column on the lower left quadrant of the board, then the second player must choose a five piece column on the diagonally opposite quadrant of the board, and in this case it is the upper right quadrant; b) similarly if, on the other hand, the first player had chosen a five piece column on the lower right quadrant of the board, then the second player must choose a five piece column on the upper left quadrant of the board; c) if, however, the first player had chosen the five piece column in the middle of the board, then the second player can choose from "any" column on their half of the board with the exception of "their middle column". The second player captures the column, and removes the pieces from the board which are kept by him or her to be scored.
Second Phase:
7. Each player must now choose a "ka". A "ka" is one piece that will be used throughout the rest of the game by the player to capture pieces on the board. No other piece is used by the player. The chosen "ka" can be of any color. Although the "ka" will either be black or white, the "ka" must be viewed as a "non-colored piece". This concept is important with regards to capturing pieces as will be further described. 
8. There are two ways to choose a "ka". Players must agree on which method the "ka" is to be chosen. One method (called the "sliding play") is to choose a piece from a 5 piece column "adjacent" to the passage the player had created. A second method (called the "jumping play") is to choose a piece from a 5 piece column that is "one column removed" from the passage (i.e. there is at least one column between it and the passage). 
9. If the sliding play is chosen, the "ka" then slides horizontally (one space) into the passage, and captures piece(s) "from that intersection point that it moved to" in the passage. The possible pieces that the "ka" can capture are those that are in the "same row " nearest to the "ka", or in the "same column" nearest to the "ka". Captured piece(s) must belong in a row, or in a column, but not both; moreover, the piece(s) captured must be of the "same color" (i.e. monochrome - either white or black, but not both), and there must be an "odd number of pieces" (e.g. 1, 3, 5, and etc.) excluding the "ka". Remember, the "ka" no longer represents any color, and is essentially a non-colored piece. The "ka" and the odd number of monochrome pieces must form a line in a row or column uninterrupted by the other colored piece(s) or by the other player's "ka". The "ka" and the monochrome piece(s) can be separated from each other with empty spaces; furthermore, the "ka" can be in any position in this line with the monochrome pieces. 
If more than one capturing line is formed, then the player must choose "one and only one" to capture. 
A special note to mention are those two orthogonal lines (one horizontal and one vertical) that run down the center of the board and are interrupted by the empty 2 x 2 square in the middle of the board. Those two lines are "not continuous" through the empty 2 x 2 square. Therefore, a "ka" cannot form a capturing line with pieces on the other side of the empty 2 x 2 square in either of those two orthogonal lines. 
10. If the jumping play is chosen, the "ka" jumps horizontally over the column next to the passage, and lands in the passage. From here on, game play and rules are the same as described in #9.
Note that #7, #8, #9, and #10 described the second move by each player.
Third Phase:
11. After the second move, each player may move its "ka" orthogonally any number of unoccupied spaces as long it can capture. Remember, every move must be a capturing move. However, the capturing method for the rest of the game is slightly different. A "ka" that moves horizontally (in a row) can only capture vertically (pieces on a column), and vice versa, a "ka" that moves vertically (in a column) can only capture horizontally (pieces on a row). Therefore, a "ka" that moves horizontally must land on a space that it can capture vertically, and vice versa, a "ka" that moves vertically must land on a space that it can capture horizontally. It is "only in the second move" that a "ka" can move into a space and capture in either the horizontal or vertical direction. 
12. If all the pieces on the board are captured, then the player with the most points wins the game. The point totals for each player is the score for that game. However, if the game can no longer progress because one player can no longer perform a capturing move (a situation called a "suntuk"), then that player is the loser, and the other player is the winner. The point total for this game is 120 - 0 in favor of the winner.
Related Games.
Fanorona

</doc>
<doc id="18527102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527102" title="Ahi'ezer">
Ahi'ezer

Ahi'ezer () is a religious moshav in central Israel. Located near Lod, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lod Valley Regional Council. In 2012 it had a population of 1,850.
The village was founded on June 27, 1950 by immigrants from Al Bayda' in Yemen. It was named for the biblical figure of Ahiezer, who was the chief of the tribe of Dan which previously lived in the area (Numbers 1:12; 10:25).
The moshav was established on the agricultural lands of the Palestinian village of Al-Safiriyya.

</doc>
<doc id="18527162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527162" title="1954 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1954 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1954 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Mâcon, France. This event was held under the auspices of the International Canoe Federation.
The men's competition consisted of four Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Two events were held for the women, both in kayak. The type or amount of events held at the championships remained unchanged from the previous championships.
This was the fourth championships in canoe sprint.
Note.
Zenz competed for Saar, but is listed in official reports as competing for West Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18527189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527189" title="Baby Ford">
Baby Ford

Peter Ford, better known as Baby Ford, is a British electronic music record producer, known particularly for his contributions to the birth of acid house. He has also released material under the aliases Cassino Classix, El Mal, Solcyc, and Simprini Risin'.
Career.
Ford was influenced by Chicago musicians such as Marshall Jefferson, Ron Trent, Armando, and Larry Heard, and was one of the founders of the acid house scene in the United Kingdom. His early work was released on Rhythm King, including the club tracks "Oochy Koochy (F.U. Baby Yeah Yeah)" (UK #58), and "Chikki Chikki Ahh Ahh" (UK #54). These two first singles appeared on the 2x12" EP "Ford Trax" (BFORD3.)
Both appeared in remixed form on the EP, and the original singles were remixed on a variety of different formats (12" and CD) and energized the burgeoning UK acid-house scene. Sire Records in the US signed Baby Ford, as well as several other artists, on the Rhythm King label. Sire had been impressed with the label, but reportedly had concerns about how to effectively market Rhythm King artists in the US, as acid house had not broken into the US mainstream. The second album "Oooh, the World of Baby Ford" contained three singles, the most popular of which was 1989's "Children of the Revolution" (UK #53). It was also a club hit across the globe, as was 1990's "Beach Bump" (UK #68). The US released the "Let's Talk It Over" EP in 1990, with exclusive live tracks. The tracks were recorded on Baby Ford's tour of the US, where he opened for Depeche Mode on several dates of their Violator tour.
The "BFord9" album in 1992 revealed a different side of Ford's electronic influences. The release incorporated minimal techno with trance-like elements, long before these genres became popular later in the decade. CJ Bolland contributed a mix of "In Your Blood" on "BFord9" and "Fetish" was a club hit in both the UK and the US. Several of the songs on "BFord9" were re-released by Aphex Twin on his Re-Phlex label in the late 1990s in a remixed format on "Normal EP". Many of these remixes were recorded in 1992.
Baby Ford, Eon, and Mark Broom continued their explorations into minimal electronic music throughout the 1990s and well into the next decade through the iFach, Pal-SL and Trelik Record labels. "iFach Vol. 1" contained the first five releases on the iFach label.
Releases appeared on Sire, Source, and Insumision/Transglobal. He co-managed the labels Trelik and iFach, and worked with Trelik's Ian Loveday. His remixing work includes tracks by Stefan Robbers and S'Express.

</doc>
<doc id="18527200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527200" title="Yunist Stadium">
Yunist Stadium

Yunist Stadium () is a football stadium in Komsomolsk, Ukraine. For Ukrainian Second League 2008-09 season the stadium is a home arena for FC Hirnyk-Sport Komsomolsk and FC Kremin Kremenchuk.

</doc>
<doc id="18527212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527212" title="Butterfly effect in popular culture">
Butterfly effect in popular culture

The butterfly effect is the phenomenon whereby a minor change in circumstances can cause a large change in outcome.
The term is sometimes used in popular media dealing with the idea of time travel, usually inaccurately. Most time travel depictions simply fail to address butterfly effects. According to the actual theory, if history could be "changed" at all (so that one is not invoking something like the Novikov self-consistency principle which would ensure a fixed self-consistent timeline), the mere presence of the time travelers in the past would be enough to change short-term events (such as the weather) and would also have an unpredictable impact on the distant future. Therefore, no one who travels into the past could ever return to the same version of reality he or she had come from and could have therefore not been able to travel back in time in the first place, which would create a phenomenon known as time paradox.
Films.
In arguably the earliest illustration of the butterfly effect in a story on film, an angel in "It's a Wonderful Life" (1946) shows George Bailey how rewriting history so that George was never born would detrimentally affect the lives of everyone in his hometown. In a subtle butterfly effect, snow falls in one version of reality but not the other.
The complex plot of the 1985 film "Brazil" by Terry Gilliam is set into motion when a bug gets caught in machinery, changing the arrest order of "Archibald Tuttle" into the innocent "Archibald Buttle."
In the Polish film "Blind Chance" directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski, three parallel outcomes are shown depending on how the protagonist Witek deals with the obstacles on his way to catching a train, and whether he catches it. The film was made in 1981 but only released in 1987, due to suppression by the Polish authorities.
A 1989 episode of "The Ray Bradbury Theater" adapts the story very closely. The episode is named "The Sound of Thunder" after his short story of the same name, which itself predated the "butterfly effect" phrase. 
The 1998 British movie "Sliding Doors" (influenced by "Blind Chance") runs two parallel stories of the same woman, Helen (Gwyneth Paltrow). In one universe, Helen manages to catch a London Underground train home on time, and in the other she misses it. This small event influenced her life dramatically.
The French film "Le Battement d'ailes du papillon" (2000), translated as "Happenstance" in the English release, makes direct references to the butterfly effect in title, dialogue, and theme.
In 12B, a 2001 Tamil Film, Butterfly Effect is the theme of the story.
In many cases, minor and seemingly inconsequential actions in the past are extrapolated over time and can have radical effects on the present time of the main characters. In the movie "The Butterfly Effect" (2004), Evan Treborn (Ashton Kutcher), when reading from his adolescent journals, is able to essentially "redo" parts of his past. As he continues to do this, he realizes that even though his intentions are good, the actions he takes always have unintended consequences. Despite its title, however, this movie does not seriously explore the implications of the butterfly effect; only the lives of the principal characters seem to change from one scenario to another. The greater world around them is mostly unaffected. Furthermore, the changes made in the past of the principal character are far from minor and in that sense the title of the film is a misnomer. An element of the butterfly effect in general terms is that differences in start conditions for different scenario outcomes are virtually undetectable, and consequences are not related to cause in a directly apparent way.
On the other hand, the movie "Run Lola Run" ("Lola rennt" in German - 1998), represents the butterfly effect more clearly. Minor and almost sub-conscious actions in everyday life can be seen to have gross and widespread effects upon the future. For example, the fact that Lola bumps into someone instead of passing by may lead to a painful death after suffering paralysis. As such, seemingly inconsequential actions can be seen to have drastic long-term results.
The second film in the "Back to the Future" trilogy also vividly illustrates the cascading and broad effects of what seemed a minor change in the course of events: because the loathsome Biff Tannen accidentally gets his hands on a sports almanac from 2015, he is able to grow rich and corrupt Marty McFly's home town. When McFly (Michael J. Fox) returns to 1985, he finds it utterly degraded from what used to be.
In the 2000 movie "Frequency", a son, John Sullivan (James Caviezel), has an opportunity to prevent the death of his father, Frank Sullivan (Dennis Quaid), through a miracle of nature in which they were both able to communicate across time 30 years using the same ham radio, transmitting the signal via a freak occurrence of the Northern Lights. This one action, however, had several undesirable consequences, including the murder of his mother by a vicious killer known as the Nightingale who was supposed to have never been caught. In the original timeline, when the killer is lying unconscious in the hospital, he dies from a reaction of two medicines, Benazepril and Benadryl that were mistakenly administered intravenously into his system. In the alternate timeline, Frank visits his wife, a nurse named Julia, at the hospital immediately after surviving the fire in which he was supposed to die. As they are talking, she sees the wrong medication being administered to the killer. She prevents this from happening, and the killer survives to murder not only her, but six more people; all nurses. Also, this film illustrates a theoretical side effect of the butterfly effect, where John is able to remember the original future time, as well as other alternate futures that were created each time his father changed something in the past.
In the 1990 movie "Havana" with Robert Redford and Lena Olin, Redford even makes a direct reference to: "And a butterfly can flutter its wings over a flower in China and cause a hurricane in the Caribbean. I believe it. They can even calculate the odds. It just isn't likely and it takes so long." He's referring to the probability of the two of their characters ever getting together. Redford's character was a gambler in late 50's Cuba and Olin was spotted earlier in the movie looking at books on the Theory of Numbers and Probability in the apartment of Redford's character.
In another 1990 movie "Mr. Destiny", James Belushi plays Larry, a man who blames all of his life's problems on the fact that he struck out during a key moment of a high school baseball game. Michael Caine plays the title role of Mr. Destiny and allows Larry to live the life he would have had if his high school at-bat resulted in a game-winning home run instead of a game-losing strike three. Larry discovers that he is no longer married to Ellen, the woman he loves, played by Linda Hamilton but is now married to the glamorous Cindy Jo, played by Rene Russo. In this case, that one baseball hit in high school made Larry rich and powerful.
In the 1993 movie, Jurassic Park, Jeff Goldblum's character Dr. Malcolm attempts to explain chaos theory to Laura Dern's character, Dr. Sattler, specifically using the butterfly effect as an example.
In the 2005 movie "A Sound of Thunder" (borrowing the title from the Ray Bradbury story mentioned in the next section), an accidental killing of a butterfly literally triggers time waves that change the present bit by bit.
In 2008 a Tamil movie "Dasavatharam" the hero Govind(Kamal Haasan) states butterfly effect or Chaos theory by comparing event happened in 12th century had an adverse effect over Tsunami on December 26,2004 
The 2009 Japanese film "Fish Story" directed by Yoshihiro Nakamura depicts how a mistake made by an inexperienced translator helps humankind survive more than 50 years after the original mistake itself is made.
In the 2010 film Hot Tub Time Machine, the butterfly effect is mentioned when Jacob explains that stepping on an insect in the past may, for instance, result in the internet ceasing to exist in the future.
The concept is referred to specifically - when describing how Nemo Nobody's parents met - and generally throughout the film "Mr. Nobody" (2009). In the plot, multiple stories are told consecutively with the differences being the result of choices made by the main character, Nemo Nobody.
Two episodes of "Ugly Betty" viz. "The Butterfly Effect Part 1" and "The Butterfly Effect Part 2".
Literature and print.
Charles Fort, wrote about the interconnectedness of nature and the butterfly effect before the term was coined in his books New Lands (1932) and Wild Talents (1941). In "New Lands" he makes reference to a migration of birds in New York that could cause a storm in China.
In the 1952 short story by Ray Bradbury, "A Sound of Thunder", the killing of a butterfly during the time of dinosaurs causes the future to change in subtle but meaningful ways: e.g., the spelling of English and the outcome of a political election.
The butterfly effect was invoked by fictional chaotician Ian Malcolm in both the novel "Jurassic Park" and subsequent film adaptation. He used it to explain the inherent instability of (among other things) an amusement park with dinosaurs as the attraction.
In Terry Pratchett's "Interesting Times", the magical "Quantum Weather Butterfly", whose wings have finite area but infinite length, has the ability to manipulate weather patterns. These microclimates, which the butterfly uses to attract mates and fend off predators, play an important role in the resolution of the plot.
In the 1632 series of time-travel science fiction by Eric Flint and David Weber et al., speculation about the butterfly effect that happens when the West Virginia town of Grantville is instantaneously dropped into 1632 Germany. The speculation is that the events which drive the genetic makeup of a human are so sensitive to chance that every human born in the world changed by the "Ring of Fire" event would be genetically different from what they otherwise would have been within a very small period of time, depending on the distance from Germany, but in all cases within a year. Specifically, thousands of sperm vying for entry into an egg would be very sensitive to very small differences in position or timing that would assuredly result in a different sperm winning out, and a different person (a brother or sister, but no closer related than that) being born. The speculation centers especially on the birth of Baruch de Spinoza in Amsterdam a few months following the Ring event.
The (practical) applications are explored in Greg Egan's "Permutation City". The premise is that if the details of the chaotic system can be determined with sufficient accuracy, then the butterfly effect could be used to leverage small actions into much larger desired consequences. E.g., deliberately flap the butterfly in just the place and time so as to end a drought, or prevent a hurricane from forming.
A variant is introduced in the 1993 short story "The Mosquito's Choice" by Henry Cowper, describing two alternate history timelines diverging radically due solely to a choice made "by a mosquito". On a hot summer evening during the First World War, a French artillery officer is making calculations for the offensive on the German positions due to be launched the next day, while his orderly is preparing coffee. The mosquito, hovering inside the tent, needs to choose which of the sweating men - from its point of view, equally tempting sources of nourishment - it would sting. In one timeline it had stung the officer - making him lose concentration and transpose figures in his calculations, and leading to the next day's artillery bombardment falling off target. This resulted in the history we know. In the divergent timeline the mosquito stung the orderly while the officer made the correct calculations - with the result that on the following day a French artillery shell came down directly on Corporal Adolf Hitler and blew him to bits. This resulted in a history where the Nazi Party remained an insignificant splinter group in Munich, while Germany underwent a restoration of the Kaiser in 1934 and won the Second World War in 1944 due to a nuclear bomb developed by Einstein and other Jewish scientists.
Still another variant on the theme of a seemingly trivial change having drastic results is explored in Cathleen Ward's story "Boy or Girl". The entire future of the world depends on whether or not an unimportant lower middle class New Yorker would make a completely trivial short phone call to a friend on an evening in 2003. His making the call would delay by some three minutes the moment of the friend getting into bed, making love to his wife and impregnating her - and would effect which of the friend's multitude of sperm cells would fuse with the wife's egg cell. As a result, there are two diverging timelines with (as the title implies) a male baby being born in one timeline and a female one in the other. In both timelines, the child is an exceptionally gifted mathematical genius. In the timeline where it is a boy, he is very early recognized, encouraged and effortlessly gains academic prominence, developing a complacent and conformist personality. In the 2030s he becomes the willing servant of a harsh religious-nationalist dictatorship seizing power over North America, and helps develop a terrible super-weapon for the regime - with the ultimate result of a cataclysmic war sweeping the globe, destroying all of humanity except for a few enclaves of survivors thrown back into the stone Age. Conversely, in the timeline where the genius is a girl, she is denied recognition and has to wage a bitter struggle against a hostile male environment, developing a rebellious and highly independent character. In the 2030s she joins the underground, and plays a crucial role in overthrowing the dictatorial regime and instituting a libertarian utopia.
The Southern Victory series of novels by Harry Turtledove explores what might have happened if Robert E. Lee's Special Order 191 had not been intercepted by Union soldiers. Rather it sets off a series of events where the South wins the American Civil War and splits North America into two separate world powers.
Interactive media.
Andrew Hussie constantly demonstrates this in his webcomic "Homestuck", in which he shows many points diverging from a single point based around a certain characters who manipulate time. A perfect example of this is when the character Dave Strider travels back in time repeatedly in trying to save his friend John Egbert from dying, with subtle shifts along the way.
The webcomic "Kevin and Kell" refers to Bradbury in the March 10, 1998 strip, which has Coney eating a butterfly while the family is in the Stone Age. A caption reads "When they return to 1998, they'll discover that a writer named Ray Bradbury never existed".
In the videogame "Second Sight", main character John Vattic is able to change the present by having flashbacks to six months earlier, where he does things differently, affecting the future; only he remembers the alternate futures.
In the videogame "Resident Evil 2", there's an interesting variation of the butterfly effect. Based on whether or not you choose Claire or Leon to start a new game, the story drastically changes. The alternate scenarios are shown to be caused by whether or not Leon's police cruiser crashes head first into a pole (choosing Claire's scenario first) or the car spins around and crashes back end first (choosing Leon's scenario first). This drastically alters the story, including what happens to several of the supporting characters and who faces specific boss enemies.
The company behind the video game "Eve Online", "CCP" used the Butterfly Effect in one of their advertisements.
The sports blog The Dubious Goals Committee run a feature called The Butterfly Effect, which details how sporting landscapes could have changed based on a single moment in history.
The installation "El día de la langosta" (The day of the locust) by Mexican artist Susana Rodríguez explores the concept of a small human action leading on to large effects, drawing on the concepts of chaos theory and the butterfly effect.
Television.
In "The Simpsons" Halloween episode, "Time and Punishment", Homer repeatedly travels back to the time of dinosaurs with a time machine (à la Bradbury's "A Sound of Thunder"). Each time there, Homer's actions (involving intentional and unintentional violence) drastically alter the current universe: some of the changes include a totalitarian society with Ned Flanders as world dictator, a universe where his family is rich and classy and it rains donuts, and a seemingly normal universe with the exception of humans having long reptilian tongues.
In the "Family Guy" episode "Meet the Quagmires", Peter, with the help of Death, repeatedly travels back to the 80's to live up his teenage years and cancel a date with Lois. This leads to her marrying Quagmire and Peter marrying Molly Ringwald, while Chevy Chase is host of "The Tonight Show", and Al Gore is president of the United States; when things seem normal again, it turns out Roger from "American Dad!" is living with them.
In a 2004 television episode of comedy sitcom "Scrubs" called "My Butterfly", the episode is shown in two parts: The first in which a butterfly lands on a woman sitting in the hospital's waiting room, and the second where time is rewound and the butterfly instead lands on the man next to her. Both halves of the episode show the noticeably (albeit sensationally) different outcomes that stem directly from the original choice of landing locations of this butterfly.
In a first-season episode of the stop-motion animation show "Robot Chicken" titled "" there is a sketch where a young boy tries to explain the butterfly effect to a young girl. When the young girl squishes the butterfly, it causes earthquakes in Japan. A Japanese woman retaliates, stepping on a butterfly, which causes a volcano to erupt behind the children. The boy retaliates as well, ripping a butterfly in half, which causes Godzilla to terrorize Japan.
In a second season episode of "" titled "Chaos Theory", the entire CSI team investigates a disappearance of a young woman at a local university. Forensics leads them to possible suspects, and possible suspects all have probable motives, but nothing seems to pan out. This leads the team to discuss the "Chaos Theory": when combined, many seemingly innocuous events may have a deadly outcome, and closure is not always within reach.
In a third season episode of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" titled "The Wish", Cordelia, upset after catching her boyfriend Xander kissing their friend Willow, wishes "that Buffy Summers had never come to Sunnydale" while talking to the vengeance demon Anyanka. She fulfills that wish and the world changes: now they're in an alternative reality in which Buffy has not come to Sunnydale (becoming instead the resident slayer for the Hellmouth in Cleveland) and the vampire population has multiplied and gained in power, to the point that Xander and Willow are the Master's lieutenants. Giles meets with Cordelia before she dies and manages to discern what has happened. He subsequently summons Anyanka and destroys her necklace. As a result, Anya is made mortal again and the world returns to normal.
A "Malcolm in the Middle" episode shows Hal and Lois arguing about which one of them will take Malcolm and Reese to bowling and which one will stay at home with Dewey. After that, the episode will show two timelines: one where Lois takes them and another one where Hal takes them. An event from the timeline where Lois goes to the bowling is shown as a flashback in a later episode, implying that timeline to be the one in canon.
The "" episode "Year of Hell" features a large starship that is capable of erasing objects of various sizes from time, often introducing other consequences into the timeline; erasing a comet could have erased various races that evolved because of particles it spread across relevant planets, while the ship's designer's decision to erase a particular race resulted in his own people never evolving a vital enzyme that protected them from a crucial disease. The original timeline is restored by causing the ship to erase itself, and therefore preventing all the erasures it had caused from ever happening.
In the series 1 episode of "Doctor Who" called "Father's Day", Rose Tyler goes back in time to the day her father dies and saves him from the accident that kills him creating an alternate timeline. A group of creatures known as Reapers come to repair the damage created. By the end of the episode Pete Tyler, knowing that the only way the timeline can be repaired is with his death sacrifices himself and runs out in front of the car that should have killed him. In the series 3 episode of "Doctor Who" called "The Shakespeare Code", Martha says that she's worried about that she can change the future of human race by stepping on the butterfly after landing in Elizabethan London (à la Bradbury's "A Sound of Thunder")- which The Doctor acknowledges as " I'll tell you what then, don't... step on any butterflies. What have butterflies ever done to you?" In the season 4 episode called "Turn Left", Donna has a parallel universe created around her where she turns right instead of left, at the request of her mother, thus taking a different job that results in her not meeting The Doctor. As a result The Doctor dies fighting the Racnoss, and millions of people die from events The Doctor prevented in the original timeline. It is not until Rose Tyler, with the aid of UNIT and the TARDIS, sends this alternate Donna back in time to before the choice was made. Donna proceeds to jump out in front of a lorry, causing a traffic jam making it impossible for Donna's car to turn right, so she turns left, and correct time is restored.
In an episode of "Frasier" entitled "Sliding Frasiers", the story switches off between the possible two storylines/outcomes if Frasier was to wear a sweater vs. a suit. The title is a play on "Sliding Doors" (see above).
An episode of the third season of "Heroes" was entitled "The Butterfly Effect", in which the character of Peter Petrelli travels from the future to alter the timeline caused by his brother Nathan revealing the existence of humans with special abilities. His mother, Angela, who has the power of precognitive dreams, is aware of his actions, and warns him that his seemingly minor alterations to the timeline can have major consequences, alluding to Ray Bradbury's short story "A Sound of Thunder" to explain the butterfly effect to Peter. Later episodes also have Hiro Nakamura refer to Samuel Sullivan as 'Butterfly Man' after he convinces Hiro to go back in time and change things for the better
In the television show "Primeval", the entirety of seasons 2 and 3 are the results of the butterfly effect, caused by Cutter time traveling in the first-season finale. The changes include replacing a character named Claudia Brown with a nearly identical woman named Jennifer Lewis, and causing the team to be based in a headquarters called "The ARC". Being the ones who time traveled, only Cutter and Helen were aware of these changes.
Dennis Miller touched on the issue in an episode of "Dennis Miller Live," linking the flapping of a butterfly's wings, dislodging some dust, which makes a monkey sneeze, which startles a herd of gazelle into a stampede, which causes a nearby dam to break, sending increased moisture into the air, causing a powerful storm in the upper atmosphere, which causes his cell phone signal to deteriorate and drop calls (which he immediately blames on the butterflies themselves).
The CBS series "Early Edition" used the butterfly effect in many of its story lines, as the lead character would get the next day's newspaper before events happened and would try to change them.
In the SciFi Original Series "Eureka" 4th season premiere, titled "Founder's Day", five people are sent back in time, and when they return, they bring the town's founder with them, causing a change in the timeline.
In the sci-fi anime series and game, "Steins;Gate", the butterfly effect is used extensively in the gameplay and plot, and is the device the main character, Okabe Rintarou, uses to save his friends from their fated deaths. It is also one of the core explanations for the series' science, along with the Many-worlds interpretation.
An episode of the NBC sitcom "Community" entitled "Remedial Chaos Theory" revolves around the concept of various existing timelines, each set up by the character Jeff rolling a die to determine which character will pick up a delivery pizza. The episode's plot follows how each timeline differs and remains the same depending on which character is chosen to retrieve the pizza. This episode of "Community" has been called one of the greatest sitcom episodes ever aired.
Music.
The Portuguese gothic metal band Moonspell refers to the concept in their 1999 experimental album "The Butterfly Effect".
French Singer Bénabar wrote a song called "l'effet papillon" ( "the Butterfly effect") referring loosely to the concept on his 2008 album "Infréquentable".
The Spanish band La Oreja de van Gogh touches on the effect in their song "Mariposa".
The Australian rock band The Butterfly Effect is named for the concept.
The song "Butterflies and Hurricanes" by the English rock band Muse is also based on the concept of the butterfly effect.
The British rock band The Verve have touched upon the topic in the songs "Butterfly" and "Catching the Butterfly".
Jonathan Coulton refers to the phenomenon when, in the song "Mandelbrot Set," he speculates that Benoit Mandelbrot's birth was preceded by the flapping of a butterfly's wings a million miles away.
Violinist Diana Yukawa's 2009 pop album is called "The Butterfly Effect".
The American band Red Hot Chili Peppers referenced the idea in their song "Savior" from their 1999 album "Californication".
South Korean hip hop group Epik High produced a song titled "Butterfly Effect" on their 2008 mini album "Lovescream".
The UK hip hop artist Lowkey has a song titled "The Butterfly Effect" featuring Adrian on his 2011 album "Soundtrack to the Struggle" about how a soldier's specific actions in war caused him to be disabled, mentally ill and homeless.
In Ukrainian singer «The Sten» the album «The begin» included the song "Extinguished candles" ( — Погасшим свечам) pointing to the butterfly effect in the relationship of the author and girl named Kate ( — Катя).
In the 2010 hip-hop song "Butterfly Effect" by Kinetics & One Love, rapper Kinetics ponders what he would do if he had a time machine and could change historical events or right the regrets of his past - ultimately deciding against wanting to change anything in the fear of small changes having much larger or unintended consequences in the present. The message of the song is one of accepting things the way they are over regretting or yearning for an alternate life. 

</doc>
<doc id="18527215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527215" title="Anne Walker (architectural historian)">
Anne Walker (architectural historian)

Anne Walker (born May 21, 1973, New York City) is an architectural historian and author in New York City. She holds a Bachelor’s degree from Middlebury College and a Master’s degree in Historic Preservation from Columbia University. In 2000, she joined the firm of Peter Pennoyer Architects in New York City and has since collaborated with Peter Pennoyer on several books regarding the history of twentieth-century American architecture. Walker serves as a Fellow Emeritus of the Institute of Classical Architecture & Classical America.

</doc>
<doc id="18527220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527220" title="Creaform (3D)">
Creaform (3D)

Creaform makes handheld 3D scanner software and hardware. It markets the Handyscan 3D line of self-positioning, portable handheld laser scanners for medical and industrial applications including 3D scanning and reverse engineering.
Creaform (company).
Creaform is a privately owned Canadian company, headquartered in Lévis, Quebec. It specializes in developing, manufacturing, using and selling 3D portable measurement technologies, as well as offering 3D engineering services (3D scanning, reverse engineering, inspection, design & engineering, finite element analysis and computational fluid dynamics [CFD).
As of 2013, the company had offices in 7 different countries: Canada (Lévis being part of the Quebec City metropolitan area, and Montreal), the United States, France, Germany, China, India and Japan. The Quebec City headquarters received the 9001: 2008 ISO certification in November 2011.
History and Management.
The company was founded in 2002 by three associates: Charles Mony, Martin Lamontagne, who are both engineers, and Gilles Bernigaud.
As of early 2013, the president and CEO was Martin Lamontagne, and the chief technology officer was Charles Mony. Lamontagne received the Young Entrepreneur of the Year award in 2006 from the Business Development Bank of Canada.
Creaform has first appeared in the Deloitte North American Technology Fast 500 list in 2008. In 2009, the company was ranked 47th.
The company employs more than 325 people and has a network of more than 150 distributors worldwide, and their products are used by 2,500 clients in 50 countries.
Key Business Areas
Products/Technology Offering.
Self-positioning 3D laser scanners
In June 2005, the company launched the first portable self-positioning handheld laser scanners (marketed under the Handyscan 3D brand). Over the years, the company expanded the line-up and released additional models.
REVscan: a high accuracy 3D laser scanner
EXAscan: a 3D laser scanner with increased accuracy/resolution capability
VIUscan: a color 3D laser scanner
MAXscan: a 3D laser scanner with photogrammetry capability
In December 2011, the 1500th Handyscan 3D unit was sold to Daimler Automotive. The 1000th unit was purchased by the London Natural History Museum in 2010; NASA acquired the 400th unit in 2007.
Go!SCAN 3D
Launched in the fall of 2012, this 3D scanner uses LED technology to provide measurements. The device is aimed at a wider public, partly outside of the industrial realm. The Health Care Partner Scanner (HCP) is the medical version, available through OEM agreements only.
Portable Coordinate Measuring Machine (PCMM)
Following the acquisition of Acti CM in 2008, Creaform redeveloped their former technology to manufacture and sell the HandyPROBE arm-free and portable coordinate measuring machine (PCMM), which works with a C-Track dual-camera sensor.
Optical Coordinate Measuring System
Based on the existing concept of photogrammetry, the company developed the MaxSHOT 3D, a device that can be used with its 3D laser scanners and its portable CMMs in order to add photogrammetry capabilities (which increases data accuracy).
3D Optical CMM scanner
C-Track Dual Camera Sensor
A complement to the PCMM and the MetraSCAN 3D, this dual-camera sensor combines high-quality optics and dynamic measurement capabilities, thus enabling the tracking of a complete reference model, by measuring the reflectors within its operating space.
Pipecheck for Non Destructive Testing (NDT)
In 2011, the company also developed and launched the Pipecheck solution for non destructive testing (NDT).
Used along with a Handyscan 3D laser scanner, the Pipecheck software makes it possible to perform external corrosion and mechanical damage assessments on pipelines.
Intelligent Measurement.
3D optical sensor technologies can capture a huge number of data observations at very high rates on the surface of objects. Based on that high number of data, Creaform developed a new framework to generate very accurate points. Through this technological advancement and based on the concept of intelligent measurement, Creaform technologies deliver high-density sets of points, in real time and without noise.
The intelligent measurement process, as well as data framework, real-time processing, calibration and acquisition models are a few keys elements of the Creaform technological fundamentals that make for more accurate systems in 3D optical metrology.
Principles.
If one considers a single 3D point, i.e. a set of three coordinates (x,y,z) within the 3D space, it is not possible to know anything about that point unless the position or the orientation of the sensor is provided. It would also be possible to provide the expected error distribution associated with the point, which would be helpful for identifying the corresponding point on the surface of the object during inspection. That would also imply that the distribution is identical for every observation.
Nevertheless, for any type of sensor, the error may differ locally due to unmodelled phenomena. For instance, the error distribution for optical sensors can be affected by reflectance variations on the object’s surface, by the angle of incidence between the measurement ray and the surface normal or even by inter-reflections in concavities. One important characteristic of an intelligent measurement system is to identify these situations, and hence to avoid producing faulty measurements.
To reach this goal, the system must gather several observations, model the local distribution of these observations and then provide a set of measurements where the distribution is consistent with the acquisition model. This requires collecting redundant observations and testing their consistency after a sufficient number of observations are gathered. Final measurements will be calculated from these observations.
Besides testing the number of accumulated observations on a surface section, the system can also monitor the variety of viewpoints from which observations are captured. The high measurement rate of optical sensors is well suited for this task. In order to maximize the benefit of monitoring the observations, it needs to be done in real-time simultaneously to the acquisition, instead of during the post-processing of the resulting point cloud.
TRUaccuracy
The technology fundamentals on which the entire Creaform research & development is based have come together to form the TRUaccuracy technology, which powers all of its products. The technology ensures highly accurate measurements, regardless of the environment (instability, vibrations, thermal variations, etc.) or operator skills.
The capability of its optical tracking devices enabled Creaform to develop numerous software functionalities that significantly increase the accuracy of the data generated by its technologies, as well as simplify the measurement process:
• Dynamic referencing: the coordinate system can actually be "locked" onto the part(s) being measured, thus maintaining their alignment during the entire measurement process.
• Automatic alignment: manual operation is no longer needed during the alignment phase, which drastically reduces root cause errors.
• Fast user calibration process: using a certified gauge, the system delivers constant accuracy during its whole life cycle.
• Continuous parameter monitoring (temperature, accuracy, etc.): constant accuracy is ensured during the entire useful life of products.
Finance
In 2012, the company reached $45 million in annual sales. Based on its quinquennial growth plan, the company is expected to garner sales of $120 million by 2016.
Investments in the company
In July 2009, two major Canadian investment companies (Novacap and Capital régional et coopérative Desjardins ) invested $30 million in the company. As of 2013, two Novacap employees acted as board members for Creaform.
http://www.newswire.ca/fr/story/520169/two-major-investment-companies-partner-with-creaform
Acquisitions
 2010
Genicad, a Quebec-based engineering services company
http://www.newswire.ca/en/story/704697/creaform-acquiert-l-entreprise-de-services-d-ingenierie-genicad
In Speck, the Canadian world leader in 3D scanning of the human body
http://www.newswire.ca/en/story/638459/creaform-buys-inspeck-world-leader-in-3d-scanning-of-human-body
2008
Acti CM, a French optical measurement company
http://www.newswire.ca/fr/story/357379/creaform-acquires-french-firm-acticm

</doc>
<doc id="18527224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527224" title="Unity College Northampton">
Unity College Northampton

Unity College was a mixed 11-16 school in Northampton it was Northampton's first Church of England College. It had replaced the old school, Trinity High School, which was opened in 1932. The decision was called when the builders found the tower unsafe to redevelop and the call was made to rebuild the school, which was built in 2004, and all the buildings were completed in 2008. February 20, 2008 the college held a whole school assembly to mark the date of completion and a plaque was added into the new visitor entrance block. The school was placed under special measures by Ofsted to be finally closed in 2010. The campus and buildings were taken over by a new school, the Malcolm Arnold Academy which officially opened on 3 September 2010.
History.
Unity College opened on the site of two schools, Trinity School, and Kingsley Park Middle School, that closed as a result of the Northampton Town schools reorganisation. Kingsley Park Middle School occupied the "Old" Northampton Girls School on St. George's Avenue and the Pearson Building on Trinity Avenue. Trinity School was also located on Trinity Avenue and provided the local area with a well known landmark, "The Trinity Tower".
A major redevelopment of the Trinity School site was planned but after consultation and investigation, it became clear that the only course of action was to demolish the old school and replace it with a new purpose built college.
The first part of Unity College, including the Sports areas, English, Science, Maths, and Languages was opened in 2004 a. The following year a second part of the building housing Student Services, Administration, and Additional Needs teaching areas was opened, and the final and largest part of the building was fully completed in January 2008, The new building provided state of the art facilities including a number of ICT suites, Food Technology rooms, a library, Expressive Arts studios and rooms, Design Technology rooms, Language and Sixth Form teaching areas. There were more Administration offices, a new visitors reception area, a school chapel, a multi faith room, new catering facilities and dining area and a multi purpose atrium (These were built and completed in February 2009).
Closure.
After the College was placed in Special Measures following concerns expressed in Ofsted reports, the Peterborough Diocese Board of Education submitted an application for the College to become an Academy from September 2009. Following an announcement in a 12 May press release that the Northamptonshire County Council voted on 11 May to close Northampton’s Unity College. Councillor Andrew Grant, commenting on the reasons for closure, that went unopposed, said: “The school’s performance issues have been well documented and clearly too many of its students are leaving school without an acceptable standard of education." The school closed for the Summer Holidays on 21 July 2010 marking the end of an era for Unity College. The buildings underwent extensive refurbishing, removing all traces of the former Unity College, to be occupied by a new school, the Malcolm Arnold Academy that opened on the site in September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18527228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527228" title="Ayvaz Gökdemir">
Ayvaz Gökdemir

Ayvaz Gökdemir (1942 in Gaziantep, Turkey – 19 April 2008 in Ankara) was a Turkish politician, deputy for three terms (between 1991–2002) and minister in four governments (between 1993–1996). 
He was born in Gaziantep in 1942. He received a teacher's training, after which he attended Ankara University. He pursued his career as a teacher in Kayseri and Ankara, participated in the editing of the "Turkish Encyclopedia", was known for his nationalist views, and in 1991, was elected as deputy from the True Path Party, led by Demirel at the time. 
In a memorable episode, he caused much controversy and acquired international notoriety in June 1995, when he reacted to the declarations made by three female parliamentarians of the European Parliament on visit to Turkey (Pauline Green, the then leader of the Party of European Socialists, Catherine Lalumière, representing the European Radical Alliance, and Claudia Roth, the chairperson of the Green Group at the time), by qualifying the deputies as "prostitutes coming from Europe". 
While some viewed his tone as unbecoming for someone who had reached the position of a minister, others explained it by "a sort of disgust and scepticism towards Europe, constantly present among the Turkish elite" and evaluated it within the frame of the freedom of expression. Among the three parliamentarians, Claudia Roth took judicial action against Gökdemir, who had to pay an indemnity as a consequence of the court's verdict.

</doc>
<doc id="18527231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527231" title="James Barry (Irish MP, 1661–1725)">
James Barry (Irish MP, 1661–1725)

James Barry (15 January 1661 – 16 April 1725) was an Irish politician.
Barry was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the Irish House of Commons and represented Naas from 1695 to 1699 and from 1711 to 1713. He sat then for Kildare Borough from 1715 to 1725.

</doc>
<doc id="18527244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527244" title="Line 2 (Budapest Metro)">
Line 2 (Budapest Metro)

The Metro 2 (Officially: M2, East-West Line, Unofficially: Red Line) is the second line of Budapest Metro. It connects the western Déli pályaudvar, and the eastern Örs vezér tere. Daily ridership: 451,627.
History.
The first plans for the present-day two lines were made in 1942, and the Council of Ministers' decree enacted its building in 1950. Metro 2 was originally planned to connect two major railway stations, "Keleti" (Eastern) and "Déli" (Southern) "pályaudvar." They wanted to complete it by 1955, but construction was ceased for financial and political reasons from 1954 till 1963. It was finally opened with seven stations on April 4 (then a Communist holiday in Hungary) in 1970. A major reconstruction of the track and the stations was undertaken between 2004 and 2008, with new trains arriving in 2010. 
It runs in an east-west direction, and as yet it is the only line in operation to cross the River Danube and reach Buda (the western part of Budapest). It has a joint station with metro lines 1 and 3 at "Deák Ferenc Square", and a future transfer point for the fourth line is under construction at "Keleti Pályaudvar" station.

</doc>
<doc id="18527259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527259" title="Mudula">
Mudula

Mudula (also known as Sigezo) is a town in southeastern Ethiopia. Located in the Kembata Tembaro Zone of the Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples Region, this town has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 2100 meters above sea level. It is the largest town in Tembaro woreda.
In 1997 the teachers of the Mudula school found a new way to address the high female drop-out rate. They formed a Girls' Advisory Committee which noted when girls dropped out of school, visiting their homes and trying to persuade their parents to send the girls back to school. The approach was highly successful, and is now being followed by many other schools financed by the USAID Community Schools Grants Program.
Many in the area are malnourished, and are prone to Malaria. In July 2003 World Vision began malaria control in their therapeutic feeding center (TFC) in Mudula. The TFC has reported that of the total admission of 153 severely malnourished children, 142 had proven cases of malaria. 225 parents were also treated for malaria. World Vision is providing training and insecticide treated nets for all children discharged from the TFC.
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, Mudula has an estimated total population of 5,195 of whom 2,511 are men and 2,684 are women. The 1994 national census reported this town had a total population of 2,867, of whom 1,390 were men and 1,477 were women.

</doc>
<doc id="18527261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527261" title="Jon Harris (artist)">
Jon Harris (artist)

Jon Harris (born 1943) is an artist, illustrator, and calligrapher, who has a particular interest in architecture and topography. He lives in Cambridge, which he has made his base since he graduated from Cambridge University, with a degree in Art History, in 1965. Cambridge is also the principal subject of his drawings.
Jon Harris was born 1943, in North Staffordshire; he had an itinerant, partly colonial youth. He was educated at Winchester College, where he was a scholar. He began in Architecture at Trinity Hall, Cambridge University in 1961, and finished in Art History.
With his encyclopaedic knowledge of the architectural history of Cambridge, Jon Harris is much in demand as a historical advisor on developments and re-furbishments. He is a member of Cambridge City Council's Design & Conservation Panel, before which significant new developments are brought for appraisal. In 2007 he advised Magdelene College on the colour scheme for the restoration of a range of medieval buildings in Magdelene Street, Cambridge.
Publications.
Jon Harris published an article in Granta in 1962 on Cambridge’s 19th century architect/developer Richard Reynolds Rowe. He taught drawing for 25 years in the Cambridge Arts School (CCAT, now Anglia Ruskin University), and painted (topography and light) until this career came to end with a joint exhibition between the Fitzwilliam Museum and the Cambridge University School of Architecture. A catalogue was published by the Fitzwilliam Museum.
He wrote for eight years on the landscapes and settlements of the four East Anglia counties and explored them on foot. In 2003 he was lured by his friend and former Reuters correspondent, Brian Mooney, into walking the shores and inland boundaries of the county of Essex. The report of the journey, with text by Brian Mooney and numerous illustrations by Jon Harris, was published as Frontier Country (Thorogood 2004). 
Jon Harris has also done various maps for local National Trust estates. He has mapped the Cambridge Preservation Society’s new reserve at Coton and (for Country Life) drawn a ‘Cambridge in a Day’ map to illustrate Jeremy Musson’s article on what to see in five or six hours.
Jon Harris is particularly known for his illustrated, calligraphic, maps. These remarkable works of draughtsmanship combine maps, vignette drawings, and calligraphic text. He has made hundreds of such drawings over the years. Much of this work has been undertaken for humble and ephemeral purposes, such as giving road directions to a particular wedding, or explaining a change of address.
Cambridge Book Project.
Jon Harris embarked in July 2008 on the writing of an illustrated book about the buildings and history of Cambridge. This is expected to be published by the Lutterworth Press, Cambridge, in 2010.
References.
Painter About Cambridge. Published by Fitzwilliam Museum, 1997.<br> 
Frontier Country. Brian Mooney, illustrated by Jon Harris. Published by Thorogood, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18527266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527266" title="Metropolitan Center for High Technology">
Metropolitan Center for High Technology

The Metropolitan Center for High Technology, formerly S. S. Kresge World Headquarters, is an office building located at 2727 2nd Avenue in Detroit, Michigan, USA. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1979. The office building is now part of Wayne State University.
History.
Sebastian S. Kresge was a prosperous traveling salesman when, in 1884, he purchased a part interest in two retail stores. One of them was located in Detroit; Kresge moved to the city and soon gained control of a five and dime retail store on Woodward. Kresge applied his own name to the store, and by 1899 was beginning to build a chain of five-and-dimes. By 1912, the chain had expanded to 85 Kresge stores.
Kresge incorporated his business, and set about constructing an impressive office building as its headquarters. He commissioned Albert Kahn to design an 18-story building, now known as the Kales Building, at Adams and Park. Kresge's prospered during World War I, and after the war it had begun to outgrow its home.
Kresge again hired Kahn to design a larger headquarters, this time located on Second at Cass Park, spacious enough to provide office facilities for 1,200 Kresge employees. The resulting building, unique for its horizontal massing as opposed to the vertical lines of the more common skyscraper, won awards for its outstanding architecture.
Description.
The Kresge World Headquarters is a limestone-faced building, constructed in the shape of a large E with the wings pointing away from the park. It covers a city block, and has of office space. The central pavilion facing Cass Park is five-and-a-half stories; the wings are only four stories. The building is a mix of styles, with the standing-seam copper Mansard roof decorated with terra cotta cresting reminiscent of Second Empire style, and the clean lines of the facade clearly Art Deco in origin.
The ordered rows of windows emphasize the horizontal, while the classical Doric pilasters at the entrance emphasize the vertical. A bandcourse separates the fourth floor from the lower levels, and the floors above have smaller windows that nevertheless resemble the lower-tier windows.
The interior uses polished granite for the entrance with inlaid walnut paneling.
Kresge used these offices until the firm moved to suburban Troy in 1972. For some years after that, the building was used by the Detroit Institute of Technology. The building is part of Wayne State University, and has been used in part as an incubator for tech start-up firms known as the Metropolitan Center for High Technology. Offices for some Wayne State departments are located in this building.

</doc>
<doc id="18527270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527270" title="Civilian Response Corps">
Civilian Response Corps

The Civilian Response Corps (sometimes referred to as CRC) is a program of the United States Department of State, Office of the Coordinator for Reconstruction and Stabilization (S/CRS). The Civilian Response Corps is a group of federal employees and volunteers from the private sector, state and local governments who are trained and equipped to deploy rapidly to countries in crisis or emerging from conflict in order to provide reconstruction and stabilization assistance. They are diplomats, development specialists, public health officials, law enforcement and corrections officers, engineers, economists, lawyers, public administrators, agronomists and others – offering the full range of skills needed to help fragile states restore stability and the rule of law, and achieve economic recovery and sustainable growth as quickly as possible.
The assistance is partly humanitarian, and partly to prevent failed states from becoming "havens" for terrorist groups or otherwise threaten the security of the United States. Originally proposed by Senators Richard Lugar (R-Ind.) and Joseph Biden (D-Del.), the Civilian Response Corps is responsible for U.S. government efforts to stabilize war-torn societies and rebuild nations. Civilian Response Corps members provide an elite and unparalleled opportunity to address daunting and perplexing challenges of American national security.
America’s federal civilian workforce has a long and distinguished history of service in difficult environments abroad. Yet the challenges of the 21st century require a significant increase in the capacity to respond quickly and effectively to emerging threats to the security of the United States and its friends and allies. The President has empowered the Secretary of State to coordinate and lead integrated U.S. government efforts to prepare, plan for, and conduct stabilization and reconstruction activities, and to coordinate with the Secretary of Defense to harmonize civilian and military activities.
Funding and size.
Civilian Stabilization Initiative.
The need for the Civilian Stabilization Initiative (CSI) has been consistently illustrated over the past two decades in a range of reconstruction and stabilization crises, including Afghanistan, Iraq, Haiti, Sudan, Kosovo, and Somalia. It builds on four years of interagency development, exercises, and pilot efforts to create a robust civilian response capability, and underpins it with new and innovative approaches to integrated civilian-military planning and operations management. CSI also answers Congress’ call for the U.S. government to build its civilian capacity.
2010.
President Barack Obama's Fiscal Year 2010 budget, released on May 7, 2009 requested $323.3 million for the CSI to build U.S. civilian capacity for reconstruction and stabilization efforts.
The initiative would expand the current Civilian Response Corps and established a permanent U.S. government-wide civilian reconstruction and stabilization response capacity. The President’s budget request supports the recruitment, development, training, and equipping of the Civilian Response Corps.
2009.
President George W. Bush requested $248.6 million in Fiscal Year 2009 budget for the CSI, which includes the Civilian Response Corps. The intent of CSI was to: 
2008.
In the Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2008 United States Congress provided up to $75 million in initial funding for the active and standby components of the Civilian Response Corps.
1207 funding.
Section 1207 of the FY 2006 National Defense Authorization Act authorized the United States Secretary of Defense to transfer up to $100 million per year for two years to the Department of State for programs that support security, reconstruction or stabilization. In passing section 1207, United States Congress recognized the pressing need previously expressed by the Bush administration for a civilian response capability for stabilization and reconstruction activities in countries that are prone to conflict. After funding $110 million in projects in FY06 and FY07, it was apparent that 1207 was a promising way to respond to stabilization and reconstruction needs. As a result, section 1207 was renewed for an additional $100 million in 2008.
Civil-military.
The 2009 Capstone Concept for Joint Operations (CCJO) reinforces the role of the military in reconstruction and stabilization by listing ‘relief and reconstruction’ as one of the four basic military activities. The Defense Department has identified the importance of integrated civilian and military environments as essential to stability operations and other government and non government agencies and organizations have identified the preference of civilians over military actors. Currently to coordinate reconstruction efforts between the military and civilian elements, the President signed into law National Security Presidential Directive 44 on December 7, 2005.
In National Security Presidential Directive – 44 (NSPD-44), the president stated the need to create a cohesive and permanent mechanism for the US government to address stabilization and reconstruction issues abroad. The Civilian Response Corps was created as a civilian interagency mechanism that would interface with the military to bring peace and stability to war torn countries. In this capacity the Secretaries of State and Defense integrate stabilization and reconstruction responsibilities to maintain clear accountability and to lead and support operations.
Composition.
No one U.S. agency has the full range of skills needed to undertake effective reconstruction and stabilization operations. That is why the Civilian Response Corps is an interagency body that will promote “whole of government” planning and implementation of such missions with members in the Departments of State, Agriculture, Commerce, Health and Human Services, Homeland Security, Justice, and Treasury, as well as the U.S. Agency for International Development.
Participants will be diplomats, development specialists, public health officials, law enforcement and corrections officers, engineers, economists, trade specialists, demographers, lawyers, public administrators, agronomists and others – offering the full range of skills needed to help fragile states restore stability and the rule of law, and achieve economic recovery and sustainable growth as quickly as possible.
Pilot program.
The U.S. Department of State's Office of the Coordinator for Reconstruction and Stabilization (S/CRS) coordinates the Civilian Response Corps and has developed pilot groups of Active and Standby members who have deployed to Sudan, Chad, Haiti, Lebanon, Kosovo, Iraq, and Afghanistan to assist with conflict prevention and mitigation.
The State Department coordinates with the Secretary of Defense to harmonize civilian and military activities.

</doc>
<doc id="18527275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527275" title="Creaform">
Creaform

Creaform may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18527279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527279" title="Samara Weaving">
Samara Weaving

Samara Weaving (born 23 February 1992) is an Australian actress known for her role as Kirsten Mulroney in the Australian-produced BBC TV series "Out Of The Blue" and also for playing Indigo Walker on soap opera "Home and Away".
Family and early life.
Weaving was born in Adelaide, but grew up in Singapore, Fiji and Indonesia. While she was living in Jakarta, Indonesia, she attended Primary School there. She then returned to Australia in 2004 and attended Pittwater House School on Sydney's Northern Beaches prior to entering Canberra Girls' Grammar School. She has performed in short films, dance and stage shows, with Singapore Dance Company, Canberra Youth Theatre and school productions. Her uncle is actor Hugo Weaving and her younger sister Morgan is also in the industry.
Career.
Weaving played Kirsten Mulroney in the 2008 TV series "Out of the Blue", which was commissioned by the BBC. A second series was not commissioned.
In 2009, Weaving began appearing in the Australian soap opera "Home and Away", playing Indigo Walker. During the 2009 season, Weaving had a recurring role on the show; the following year, she returned to the show joining the cast in a main role.

</doc>
<doc id="18527293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527293" title="Juan Cardenas">
Juan Cardenas

Juan Cardenas (b. at Seville, 1613; d. 6 June 1684) was a Spanish Jesuit moral theologian and author. He entered the Society of Jesus at the age of fourteen, and during many years held in it the office of rector, master of novices, and provincial. 
Works.
He composed several small ascetical treatises: "Seven Meditations on Jesus Crucified" (originally published at Seville, 1678) and "Geminum sidus Mariani diadematis" (Lyons, 1673). From his pen we also have two pious biographies: "Historia de la Vida y Virtudes de la Venerable Virgen Damiana de las Llangas" (Seville, 1675) and "Breve relación de la Muerte, Vida, y Virtudes del Venerabile Cavallero D. Miguel Manara Vincentelo de Leca" (Seville, 1679).
He is chiefly remembered for his contributions to moral theology, which won praise from Alphonsus Ligouri. He examined some of the moral opinions prevalent in his day, especially those tinged with Laxism, in his well known "Crisis theologica bipartita, sive Desputationes selectæ" (Lyons, 1670). This work, which appeared in two parts, opened up a storm of controversy, and in the edition of 1680 he reasserted his position in a supplement which defended moderate Probabilism against the twofold attacks of Laxists and Rigorists. 
In the Venetian editions of 1694, 1700, and 1710 there were first published, together with these three parts, and explanation of the propositions condemned by the pope in 1679. This last work, of which Father P. J. Kugler, S.J., composed a compendium in 1704, has often been published separately under the title: "Crisis theologica in qua plures selectæ difficultates ex morali theologia ad lydium veritatis lapidem revocantur ex regula morem positâ a SS. D.N. Innocentis XI P.M.", etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18527314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527314" title="Dave Polsky">
Dave Polsky

David "Dave" Polsky is an American film and television screenwriter best known for creating "The Buzz on Maggie" and co-writing "Scary Movie 2". His production company is called Juban Productions.
Biography.
Dave grew up in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Later in his life, he moved to Philadelphia to attend the University of Pennsylvania. When he graduated, he moved to New York to pursue a career in investment banking and then was a social worker. After that, he moved to Maine with his wife and his first son was born in Portland. Then, he got into the industry of television through his friend Mark Cronin, who hired him as a freelancer for "Singled Out". When he got the job, the producers were impressed and promoted him to a staff writer. Since then, Dave Polsky has been writing for a few shows such as various episodes of "", "Rugrats" and "South Park". He also wrote for "Scary Movie 2".
He was the creator and executive producer of "The Buzz on Maggie" and a writer of "FrankTV".
Family.
He is currently living in Los Angeles, California with his wife and three children.

</doc>
<doc id="18527330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527330" title="Foldy–Wouthuysen transformation">
Foldy–Wouthuysen transformation

The Foldy–Wouthuysen transform is widely used in high energy physics. It was historically formulated by Leslie Lawrance Foldy and Siegfried Adolf Wouthuysen in 1949 to understand the nonrelativistic limit of the Dirac equation, the equation for the spin-1/2 particles. A detailed general discussion of the Foldy–Wouthuysen-type transformations in particle interpretation of relativistic wave equations is in.
The approach of the Foldy and Wouthuysen made use of a canonical transform that has now come to be known as the "Foldy–Wouthuysen transformation". A brief account of the history of the transformation is to be found in the obituaries of Foldy and Wouthuysen;
The Foldy–Wouthuysen (FW) transformation (after Lesley L. Foldy and Siegfried A. Wouthuysen) is a unitary transformation on a fermion wave function of the form:
where the unitary operator is the 4 × 4 matrix:
Above, formula_1 is the unit vector oriented in the direction of the fermion momentum. The above are related to the Dirac matrices by "β" = "γ"0 and "αi" = "γ"0"γ""i", with "i" = 1, 2, 3. A straightforward series expansion applying the commutativity properties of the Dirac matrices demonstrates that () above is true. The inverse
so it is clear that "U"−1"U" = "I", where "I" is a 4 × 4 identity matrix.
Foldy–Wouthuysen transformation of the Dirac Hamiltonian for a free fermion.
This transformation is of particular interest when applied to the free-fermion Dirac Hamiltonian operator
in bi-unitary fashion, in the form:
Using the commutativity properties of the Dirac matrices, this can be massaged over into the double-angle expression:
This factors out into:
Choosing a particular representation: Newton-Wigner.
Clearly, the FW transformation is a "continuous" transformation, that is, one may employ any value for "θ" which one chooses. Now comes the distinct question of choosing a particular value for "θ", which amounts to choosing a particular transformed representation.
One particularly important representation, is that in which the transformed Hamiltonian operator formula_4 is diagonalized. Clearly, a completely diagonalized representation can be obtained by choosing "θ" such that the "α" · "p" term in () is made to vanish. Such a representation is specified by defining:
so that () is reduced to the diagonalized (this presupposes that "β" is taken in the Dirac-Pauli representation (after Paul Dirac and Wolfgang Pauli) in which it is a diagonal matrix):
By elementary trigonometry, () also implies that:
so that using () in () now leads following reduction to:
This calculation can be examined in further detail in the following link.
Prior to Foldy and Wouthuysen publishing their transformation, it was already known that () is the Hamiltonian in the Newton-Wigner (NW) representation (named after Theodore Duddell Newton and Eugene Wigner) of the Dirac equation. What () therefore tells us, is that by applying a FW transformation to the Dirac-Pauli representation of Dirac's equation, and then selecting the continuous transformation parameter "θ" so as to diagonalize the Hamiltonian, one arrives at the NW representation of Dirac's equation, because NW itself already contains the Hamiltonian specified in (). See this link
If one considers an "on shell" mass—fermion or otherwise—given by "m"2 = "p"σ"p"σ, and employs a Minkowski metric tensor for which diag("η") = (+1, −1, −1, −1), it should be apparent that the expression
is equivalent to the "E" ≡ "p"0 component of the energy-momentum vector "pμ", so that () is alternatively specified rather simply by formula_6.
Correspondence between the Dirac-Pauli and Newton-Wigner representations, for a fermion at rest.
Now let us consider a fermion "at rest," which we may define in this context as a fermion for which |"p"| = 0. From () or (), this means that cos(2"θ") = 1, so that "θ" = 0, ±"π", ±2"π" and, from (), that the unitary operator "U" = ±"I". Therefore, any operator "O" in the Dirac-Pauli representation upon which we perform a bi-unitary transformation, will be given, for an "at rest" fermion, by:
Contrasting the original Dirac-Pauli Hamiltonian Operator
with the NW Hamiltonian (), we do indeed find the |"p"| = 0 "at rest" correspondence:
The velocity operator in the Dirac-Pauli representation.
Now, let us consider the velocity operator. To obtain this operator, we must commute the Hamiltonian operator formula_8 with the canonical position operators "xformula_9", i.e., we must calculate formula_10. One good way to approach this calculation, is to start by writing the scalar rest mass "m" as formula_11, and then to mandate that the scalar rest mass commute with the "xformula_9". Thus, we may write:
where we have made use of the Heisenberg canonical commutation relationship formula_13 to reduce terms. Then, multiplying from the left by formula_14 and rearranging terms, we arrive at:
Because the canonical relationship formula_15, the above provides the basis for computing an inherent, non-zero acceleration operator, which specifies the oscillatory motion known as Zitterbewegung.
The velocity operator in the Newton-Wigner representation.
In the Newton-Wigner representation, we now wish to calculate formula_16. If we use the result at the very end of section 2 above, formula_17, then this can be written instead as:
Using the above, we need simply to calculate formula_18, then multiply by "iβ".
The canonical calculation proceeds similarly to the calculation in section 4 above, but because of the square root expression in formula_19, one additional step is required.
First, to accommodate the square root, we will wish to require that the scalar "square" mass "m"2 commute with the canonical coordinates "xi", which we write as:
where we again use the Heisenberg canonical relationship formula_20 which will satisfy (). It is straightforward to verify that:
will satisfy () when again employing formula_13. Now, we simply return the "iβ" factor via (), to arrive at:
This is understood to be the velocity operator in the Newton-Wigner representation. Because:
it is commonly thought that the Zitterbewegung motion arising out of (), vanishes when a fermion is transformed into the Newton-Wigner representation.
The velocity operators for a fermion at rest.
Now, let us compare equations () and () for a fermion "at rest," defined earlier in section 3 as a fermion for which |"p"| = 0. Here, () remains:
while () becomes:
In equation () we found that for a fermion at rest, "O"′ = "O" for any operator. One would expect this to include:
however, equations () and () for a |"p"| = 0 fermion appear to contradict ().
Similar alternatives - perturbative schemes.
Starting with the one-particle Dirac equation written earlier with formula_22 and rewritten here as:
where "I" = "I"4 is the 4 × 4 unit matrix. This Hamiltonian is rewritten, namely divided into two parts:
where
and
where "α" ≈ 1/137 is the Fine-structure constant (not to be confused with the Dirac alpha matrices). Letting
into the zero order equation for formula_22 and using a particular but known representation of the Dirac operators, yields:
where "σi" are the 2 × 2 Pauli matrices. Note that the potential "V" does not appear in the equation above. The equation for the other spinor is:
where formula_31. Eliminating formula_32 gives:
This is simply the "non"-relativistic equation for a system with a re-normalized potential and energy eigenvalue:
The higher-order corrections can be obtained by conventional perturbation theory. This is known as "Moore's decoupling technique". Though it resembles the FW transformation, it is computationally and conceptually much simpler. Though misunderstood at first, in part because the fine structure constant appears in both the equations and the order parameter "λ" requiring care in the "bookkeeping" of the perturbative scheme, Moore's decoupling technique was vindicated for the (relativistic) hydrogen atom using conventional Rayleigh Schrödinger perturbation theory and computer algebra and proven to converge to the correct solution.
It has been applied successfully to relativistic calculations on Alkali metals and represents one of many relativistic perturbative schemes investigated by Werner Kutzelnigg.
Other applications.
The powerful machinery of the Foldy–Wouthuysen transform originally developed for the Dirac equation has found applications in many situations such as acoustics, and optics.
It has found applications in very diverse areas such as atomic systems
synchrotron radiation and derivation of the Bloch equation for polarized beams.
The applications of the Foldy–Wouthuysen transformation in acoustics is very natural; comprehensive and mathematically rigorous accounts.
In the traditional scheme the purpose of expanding the "light optics" Hamiltonian
in a series using
as the expansion parameter is to understand the propagation of the quasiparaxial beam in terms of a series of approximations (paraxial + nonparaxial). Similar is the situation in the case of the "charged-particle optics". Let us recall that in relativistic
quantum mechanics too one has a similar problem of understanding the relativistic wave equations as the nonrelativistic approximation plus the relativistic correction terms in the quasirelativistic regime. For the Dirac equation (which is first order in time) this is done most conveniently using the Foldy–Wouthuysen transformation leading to an iterative diagonalization technique. The main framework of the newly developed formalisms of optics (both light optics and the charged-particle optics) is based on the transformation
technique of the Foldy–Wouthuysen theory which casts the Dirac equation in a form displaying the different interaction terms between the Dirac particle and an applied electromagnetic field in a nonrelativistic and easily interpretable form.
In the Foldy–Wouthuysen theory the Dirac equation is decoupled through a canonical transformation into two two-component equations: one reduces to the Pauli equation in the nonrelativistic limit and the other describes the negative-energy states.
It is possible to write a Dirac-like matrix representations of Maxwell's equations.
In such a matrix form the Foldy–Wouthuysen can be applied.
There is a close algebraic analogy between the Helmholtz equation (governing scalar optics) and the Klein-Gordon Equation; and the matrix-form of the Maxwell's equations (governing vector optics) and the Dirac equation. So, it is natural to use the powerful machinery of standard quantum mechanics (particularly, the Foldy–Wouthuysen transform) in analyzing these systems.
The suggestion to employ the Foldy–Wouthuysen Transformation technique in the case of the Helmholtz equation was mentioned in the literature as a remark.
It was only in the recent works, that this idea was exploited to analyze the quasiparaxial approximations for specific beam optical system.
respectively. The non-traditional approaches give rise to very interesting wavelength-dependent modifications of the paraxial and aberrating behaviour. The non-traditional formalism of Maxwell optics provides a unified framework of light beam optics and polarization. The "non-traditional prescriptions of light optics" are in close analogy with the "quantum theory of
charged-particle beam optics".
In optics, it has enabled to see the deeper connections in the wavelength-dependent regime between light optics and charged-particle optics (see Electron optics).

</doc>
<doc id="18527340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527340" title="Albert Gerald Stern">
Albert Gerald Stern

Sir Albert Gerald Stern (1878–1966) was a banker who became the Secretary of the Landships Committee during World War I, where his organisational ability and influence in financial circles assisted the Committee in creating the first British tank.
During the war he came into conflict with the War Office but had the advantage of direct access to the Prime Minister, and no civil service career to protect. He was removed from direct involvement in the production of tanks and sidelined.
Early life.
Born the second son of James Julius Stern, a merchant banker, Albert Stern was educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford before entering the family business, becoming known in the City of London as "The Holy Terror". Although he negotiated a large loan to the sultan of Morocco, Albert Stern had no real flair as a merchant banker.
At the outbreak of the First World War he tried to join the armed forces but experienced difficulty doing so due to a weak ankle. He offered to supply the Admiralty with an armoured car at his own expense and was eventually commissioned as a Lieutenant in the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve at the end of 1914, when he joined the Armoured Car Division of the Royal Naval Air Service.
Landships Committee.
Stern originally became involved with landships as an assistant to Flight Commander Thomas Hetherington, RNAS. In 1915 he became Secretary of the Landships Committee. In February 1916 Lloyd George appointed him head of what was to become known as the Mechanical Warfare Supply Department, under the Ministry of Munitions, which controlled the procurement and supply of tanks. Stern was transferred to the Army where he eventually attained the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel. Stern believed in the application of business methods to war production with the minimum of interference from professional soldiers.
Stern and his ally on the committee Eustace d'Eyncourt (Director of Naval Construction and designer of many of the Royal Navy's latest ships) attempted to use their influence with Lloyd George to influence the employment of tanks. However, neither had a military background nor had they spent much time on the frontline, and GHQ became irritated at their interference in their affairs.
Stern was removed from his post and given the task of coordinating an Allied tank, which resulted in the Tank Mark VIII a few of which were built towards the end of the war.
Special Vehicle Development Committee.
Until the creation in 1939 of the Ministry of Supply, the War Office had issued specifications for weapons it required and then chose from the proposals submitted in response by manufacturers. In the case of tank production there were only two manufacturers with the required skills: Vickers and the Royal Arsenal, Woolwich.
Leslie Burgin, the Minister of Supply, was worried about the ongoing expansion of the German armoured forces and realized that he needed the help of an expert in tank warfare who could understand the army's requirements. He therefore selected Stern, who was now 62. Despite his age, Stern was on the boards of the Midland Bank, the Clydesdale Bank, and the Bank of Romania. He was also helping to prevent the Germans' attempts to take over the Romanian oil industry.
When he was approached to talk to Burgin about tanks, he seized the opportunity since he too had been worrying about the type of tank that the army would need in the forthcoming war. He met with General Sir Maurice Taylor, the Ministry's chief military advisor, but the meeting did not go well since Taylor expressed the view that he was satisfied with the state of Britain's tank development. However, Taylor's assistant, General Davidson, told Stern of his concerns about the lack of investment in tank production in a private meeting.
When Stern reported back to Burgin, he appointed Stern the head of the Special Vehicle Development Committee. Stern then began selecting the members of the committee, including many people who had been part of the development of the tank during World War I, including former Director of Naval Construction, Eustace d'Eyncourt, Sir Ernest Swinton (now a director of Citroën), engine designer Harry Ricardo, and the gearbox and transmission expert Major W G Wilson. Unsurprisingly they got the nickname "The Old Gang". It soon became obvious that the SVDC lacked power, but General Ironside, Chief of the Imperial General Staff, was helpful. Aware of the inadequacy of the tank designs currently in service, he assisted the committee in finding accommodation where they could produce an initial tank specification.
TOG 1 & TOG 2.
Together they proposed the development of a "heavy tank" design, the TOG 1, an acronym for "The Old Gang", which was the Committee's nickname for themselves. Production was carried out by another of the first tank's developers and builders, Sir William Tritton of Foster's of Lincoln.
Designed with trench crossing abilities to the fore and the capability to carry infantry as well, the design was a large hull with side doors supported on broad tracks, with a small turret on top. The prototype TOG 1 was delivered in October 1940. After problems with the electro-mechanical drive, it was converted to hydraulic drive, a process that took until May 1943 after which it was called TOG 1A. The prototype was sent to Chobham and then seems to have disappeared into history.
The second design to come out of the SVDC, the TOG 2 was similar to the TOG 1 and kept many of its features, but mounted the latest tank gun, the QF 17-pounder (76.2 mm). Instead of the track path arrangement of the TOG 1 which was like that of the First World War British tanks, the track path was lower on the return run and the doors were above the tracks. It was ordered in 1940, and built by Foster's of Lincoln, and the prototype ran for the first time in March 1941.
Although fitted with the same electro-mechanical drive as the TOG 1, the TOG 2 used twin generators and no problems were reported. It was modified to include among other things a change from the unsprung tracks for a torsion bar suspension and as the TOG 2* was successfully trialled in May 1943. No further development occurred, although a shorter version, the TOG 2 (R) was mooted. The TOG 2 can be seen at the Bovington Tank Museum.
Unfortunately, once Winston Churchill - with whom Stern had had a blazing row in 1917 - took over as Prime Minister on 10 May 1940, Stern and the work of the SVDC were sidelined. Despite this, the SVDC went on to develop specifications for a cruiser tank which was vigorously promoted by Stern.
The Tog design was also sidelined by the good cross-country performance of the Churchill tank which had been designed by Harland and Wolff (and subsequently improved by Vauxhall Motors) to cross shelled ground.
Honours.
In 1917 Stern received the honour of Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George, and was made a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1918.
He became High Sheriff of Kent and a Deputy Lieutenant for Kent in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="18527344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527344" title="Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 100 kg">
Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 100 kg

The Men's Freestyle 100 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Sangmu Gymnasium, Seongnam.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18527350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527350" title="Neil Manthorp">
Neil Manthorp

Neil Manthorp (born England) is a South African writer and broadcaster based in Cape Town. He is best known internationally for his coverage of cricket.
Biography.
Manthorp was born and educated in England, but considers himself very much a South African. When he was a year old, his parents emigrated from the North of England and Manthorp spent his formative years in South Africa before returning to England to complete his schooling. With South Africa isolated in sport due to apartheid, he stayed on in Britain and began his journalistic career in 1986, commentating and writing freelance.
With the end of apartheid in 1990, he decided to return to South Africa, where he set up his own sports agency, MWP Media, in 1992.
He has stayed there ever since, apart from the necessary travel required to follow sport, which has taken him to all the cricketing corners of the world.
Career.
He has covered more than 40 tours and 120 Test matches since South Africa's return to international cricket and Zimbabwe's elevation to Test status. 
He is a regular commentator for SABC radio and television and has also joined the host radio teams in West Indies, New Zealand, Australia and England. He writes for newspapers and magazines and recently completed his fifth book "The Proteas: 20 Years, 20 Landmark matches" marking the 20th anniversary of South Africa's return to international cricket.
As well as cricket, he also writes on golf and rugby.
Bibliography.
"Gazza: the Gary Kirsten biography" <br>
"The Beer Drinker's Guide to Losing Weight", (with Paddy Upton), The Penguin Group (SA) (Pty) Ltd, ISBN 0-14-027225-9 <br>
"Graeme Smith: A Captain's Diary 2007-2009", Jonathan Ball Publishers, ISBN 978-1-86842-353-8 <br>
"Taking the Mickey: the Mickey Arthur biography", Jonathan Ball Publishers, ISBN 978-1-86842-383-5 <br>
"The Proteas: 20 Years, 20 Landmark Matches", Burnet Media, ISBN 978-0-9870058-1-6

</doc>
<doc id="18527351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527351" title="Poecilochirus">
Poecilochirus

Poecilochirus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae. They feed on fly eggs and larva. At least 14 species of the genus are carried from one food source to another by beetles of multiple genera in the family Silphidae with whom they often have a symbiotic relationship in protecting the beetle's larva or its food supply from fly larva. Reportedly, some nematodes in the family Allantonematidae are parasites of mites in this genus.

</doc>
<doc id="18527356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527356" title="The Second Gleam">
The Second Gleam

The Second Gleam (sometimes written "The Gleam II") is a 2008 EP by The Avett Brothers. Produced by The Avett Brothers and Doug Williams, recorded by Doug Williams at Electromagnetic Radiation Recorders, with the exception of "The Greatest Sum (Electric)" which was recorded at Echo Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="18527377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527377" title="Peshall baronets">
Peshall baronets

The Peshall Baronetcy, of Horsley in the County of Stafford, was a title in the Baronetage of England. It was created on 25 November 1611 for John Peshall. He was a descendant of an ancient Norman family of Peshall, near Eccleshall, Staffordshire, whose representatives were often High Sheriffs of Staffordshire and Shropshire in the 14th and 15th centuries. He was High Sheriff of Staffordshire in 1615. The title is presumed to have become extinct on the death of the third Baronet in 1712.

</doc>
<doc id="18527381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527381" title="Line 3 (Budapest Metro)">
Line 3 (Budapest Metro)

The Metro 3 (Officially: M3, North-South Line, Unofficially: Blue Line) is the longest line of Budapest Metro. It connects the northern Újpest, and the southern Kőbánya-Kispest. Daily ridership: 626,179.
History.
The first decree for the third line was made in 1963, its construction started in 1970, and its first section was opened in 1976, consisting of six stations. Its southern direction was complemented with five more stations in 1980, and the northern one in 1981, 1984, and 1990 with nine stations, reaching its current length of 20 stations, 17 km, the longest line in Budapest. 
M3 runs in a north-south direction (more exactly, from north-northeast to southeast). It has a joint station with M1 and M2 at "Deák Ferenc Square", and a future transfer point for the fourth line is under construction at "Kálvin tér" station.
Blue Russian made Metrovagonmash carriages (prevalent in many Eastern Bloc metro systems) operate on this line.

</doc>
<doc id="18527384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527384" title="Motorola Envoy">
Motorola Envoy

The Motorola Envoy Personal Wireless Communicator was a personal digital assistant released by Motorola in summer 1994. It was built to run General Magic's Magic CAP operating system, and it combined wireless, telephone, and infrared modems in a single PDA package.

</doc>
<doc id="18527390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527390" title="Look What You Made Me">
Look What You Made Me

Look What You Made Me is the debut studio album by American rapper Yung Berg, which was released on August 12, 2008. Despite its release, Yung Berg criticized rapper Flo Rida by quoting "My Album got pushed back like Flo Rida's hairline", However, Berg later apologized. The album features guest appearances from Eve, Trey Songz, Lloyd, Amerie, Twista and Collie Buddz, among others. Also, it has the single "Sexy Can I" by Ray J crediting himself as a guest artist.
Singles.
The first single from the album was "Sexy Lady" featuring Junior; peaking at #18 on the Billboard Hot 100 it was included on the prequel EP, "Almost Famous" (subtitled "The Sexy Lady EP"). Despite the single being released over sixteen months before the album, Berg confirmed in an interview with fellow Chicago native and radio personality DJ Z that it would still be included on the album.
Soon afterwards, Berg released a promotional street single, entitled "Do That There." Produced by fellow Chicagoan Xcel (known for producing Shawnna's "Gettin' Some"), it featured a sample from Dude 'n Nem's single "Watch My Feet" and had them credited as featured artists. It is Yung Berg's least successful single to date, only peaking at #125 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
The third official single came on May 13, 2008, with the release of "The Business." Assisted by his first Yung Boss Music Group signee and former Candy Hill lead singer Casha, it has entered the Hot 100, charting at #33 so far.
Reception.
The album has received generally mixed reviews, with Rap Reviews praising the album, and Slant Magazine harshly criticizing the album.
Sales.
"Look What You Made Me" debuted at #20 on the Billboard 200 chart selling 19,000 copies in its first week. In the United Kingdom and Canada the album failed to chart inside the Top 100. As of September 2008 the album has sold a total of 86,000 copies worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="18527392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527392" title="USS Washington (1776 lateen-rigged galley)">
USS Washington (1776 lateen-rigged galley)

USS "Washington" (1776 lateen-rigged galley) was a galley in the service of the Continental Congress during the American Revolutionary War. "Washington" was capable of propulsion by sail or by the paddling of oarsmen. During a battle with British warships, "Washington" “struck her colors” and was captured by the British.
Built on Lake Champlain.
The third ship to be named "Washington" -- a lateen-rigged, two-masted galley—was built on Lake Champlain at Skenesboro, New York, in the autumn of 1776. On 6 October 1776, the galley joined the small fleet established and commanded by Brigadier General Benedict Arnold.
Battle of Valcour Island.
"Washington" -- commanded by Brigadier General David Waterbury, Arnold's second in command—was among Arnold's ships that anchored in the lee of Valcour Island to await the expected English move. 
When that lakeward push began, Capt. Thomas Pringle, of the Royal Navy, led a 25-ship fleet past Valcour Island on 11 October. Pringle sighted the American fleet after he had passed it and attacked from leeward. In the ensuing action, "Washington" suffered the heaviest damage of any ship in Arnold's fleet; Waterbury, her commander, subsequently reported that she was 
Arnold regrouped his shattered fleet and slipped past the British on 12 October with muffled oars, the Americans slipping noiselessly past Pringle's fleet in a desperate attempt at escape. However, after a long chase, the British caught the retreating Continental force the following day, on 13 October, at Split Rock near Crown Point.
After the battle.
Arnold managed to beach and destroy four of the galleys and his own flagship, "Congress", while most of the remaining ships escaped upriver. Only "Washington" -- at the rear of the van—was captured by the enemy; she struck her colors, as Arnold reported later, "... after receiving a few broadsides."
Final disposition.
"Washington" was eventually taken into British service, apparently retaining her name, and was re-rigged as a brig. Her subsequent fate, however, is unrecorded.

</doc>
<doc id="18527394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527394" title="Edgelaw Reservoir">
Edgelaw Reservoir

Edgelaw Reservoir is an artificial reservoir in Midlothian, Scotland, UK, four miles west of Temple.

</doc>
<doc id="18527402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527402" title="Tygodnik Cieszyński">
Tygodnik Cieszyński

Tygodnik Cieszyński ("Cieszyn Weekly") was a weekly Polish magazine published in Cieszyn (Teschen) in 1848-1851. It was the first local magazine in Cieszyn Silesia.
The first issue appeared on 6 May 1848. The publisher was Ludwik Klucki, first editor was Andrzej Cinciała, who was in August replaced by Paweł Stalmach. The first article of the first issue of "Tygodnik Cieszyński" began with words:
Stalmach aimed to enlighten and emancipate the people of Cieszyn Silesia and to spread national consciousness among Poles. He however adopted the austroslavist stances to avoid the conflict with the Habsburg monarchy.
In 1849 Baron Alexander von Bach became the Minister of the Interior of the Austrian Empire and began to implement absolutist policies, including reducing the freedom of the press. "Tygodnik Cieszyński" suffered from new Austrian policies and the last issue appeared on 15 February 1851. The magazine was transformed into "Gwiazdka Cieszyńska" which appeared from 1851 to 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="18527411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527411" title="Sump buster">
Sump buster

A sump buster (also known as a sump breaker) is type of bus trap, a device used in urban areas to restrict traffic access on various routes by intentionally destroying the oil pan of any vehicle with an insufficient ground clearance to avoid the obstacle. Similar (in use but not design) to rising bollards, sump busters are often used in bus lanes to prohibit their use by cars.
Function.
The sump buster uses a non-mechanical solid mass of concrete (sometimes other aggregates or metal) to demobilise a vehicle when access to a restricted area is attempted. When (for instance) a car attempts to transverse the sump buster, the device will demolish the vehicle's oil pan (literally "busting the sump"). The track (distance between wheels on either side of the vehicle) and ground clearance on permitted vehicles (usually, but not restricted to buses) is such that they may clear the device with ease. In some cases, advisory or mandatory speed limits are given.
Impact on the community.
A major purpose of the sump buster is to avoid road systems to be used as rat runs and, to a certain extent, joyriding. For this reason, devices have been vandalised (either through annoyance at their existence or to attempt to gain passage), resulting in accidents (and injuries) to legitimate road users.
In January 2005, Devon County Council dismissed an application by the Stagecoach Group for the installation of a sump buster on Tan Lane (a restricted access road) in Exeter. The Exeter Highways and Traffic Orders Committee stated that "...a sump buster is not an option that the County Council could support it would not differentiate between high clearance vehicles and for example cars and vans that are authorised to use the link under the current Traffic Regulation Order".
Locations of devices.
Europe.
Belgium.
Sump busters are installed on rural roads in Belgium in order to prevent unwanted traffic by private cars.

</doc>
<doc id="18527415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527415" title="Marcelo Garraffo">
Marcelo Garraffo

Marcelo Omar Garraffo Biano (born September 5, 1957) is a retired field hockey player from Argentina, who competed in three Summer Olympics for his native country.
At his Olympic debut in 1976 he ended up in 11th place with the national squad, followed by the 8th place in 1988. Four years later, at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, Garraffo was the oldest member (34 years, 323 days) of the Argentinian hockey delegation, and had the honour of carrying the flag at the opening ceremony. As a coach he guided the men's national team to the silver medal at the 1999 Pan American Games.
At the end of 2012, he was chosen as the new Head Coach of Argentina women's team after Carlos Retegui's contract was not renewed. Four months later, by decision of the newly elected president of the Argentine Hockey Confederation, Federal Senator Aníbal Fernández, he was dismissed.

</doc>
<doc id="18527438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527438" title="Federation of Pakistan Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry">
Federation of Pakistan Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry

Since its inception in 1950, the FPCCI has advocated and voiced the collective opinion, concern and aspiration of the private sector and offered helpful advice and solid assistance to the Government in its efforts to promote exports, encourage foreign investment and stimulate economic activity in the country. The FPCCI has its fingers on the pulse of the economy and serves as a bridge between the private sector and the Government.
The FPCCI is playing an active role in presenting problems of trade, industry and environment and safeguarding the interests of the private sector through constant dialogue with the Government. 
The Apex Body Of Trade and Industry and Chief Spokesman Of The Private Sector
Membership.
FPCCI has under its umbrella, 48 Chambers of Commerce and Industry, 44 all Pakistan 'A' Class Associations and 87 'B' Class Associations representing industry, trade and service sectors.

</doc>
<doc id="18527453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527453" title="Intragenic">
Intragenic

Intragenic may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18527472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527472" title="Tobias Lohner">
Tobias Lohner

Tobias Lohner (born 13 March 1619, in Neuötting in the Diocese of Salzburg; died 26 (probably) May, 1697) was an Austrian Jesuit theologian.
Life.
He entered the Society of Jesus on 30 August 1637, at Lansberg, and spent his first years in the classroom, teaching the classics. Later at Dillingen, he was professor, first of philosophy for seven years, then of speculative theology for four years, and finally of moral theology. He was rector of the colleges of Lucerne and Dillingen and master of novices. 
Works.
His reputation is based mainly on the many works which he wrote, both in Latin and German, on practical questions, especially of asceticism and moral theology. More than twenty years before he died, his literary activity received recognition in the "Bibliotheca Scriptorum Societatis Jesu," a work begun by Father Peter Ribadeneira, S. J., continued by Father Philip Alegambe, S. J., and brought up to date (1675) by Father Nathanael Sotwel, S. J. 
Among his published works are:
and a series of volumes containing practical instructions, the more important of which are the following: 
He published many other similar works on preaching, on catechizing, on giving exhortations, on the origin and excellence of the priesthood, on the various states of life, on consoling the afflicted, on questions of polemical, ascetical, speculative, and moral theology, on the means of overcoming temptations, and on the foundations of mystical theology. 

</doc>
<doc id="18527479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527479" title="List of Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX episodes (season 1)">
List of Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX episodes (season 1)

The first half of the season begins with Jaden arriving as a freshman and being placed into the Slifer Red dorm. Jaden makes new friends and settles into his new life at the Academy. Despite getting low grades in class, he is recognized as a strong duelist by his peers. During the second half of the season, Jaden is selected to be one of the "Keykeepers", seven duelists who are charged with the duty of preventing the powerful Sacred Beast cards from falling into evil hands. The season ends with Jaden dueling against Zane Truesdale, the top student in the school. Although the match ends in a draw, Zane graduates from the Academy and passes the torch for being the top duelist to Jaden.
Episode list.
Season 1.
<onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="18527496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527496" title="Laila Goody">
Laila Goody

Laila Elin Goody (born 22 March 1971) is a Norwegian actress.
Goody was born to an English father who worked in the oil industry and a Norwegian mother. She was born in Stavanger and grew up in Rosendal, Hordaland between the ages of two to ten, before returning to Stavanger. Here she attended Stavanger Katedralskole. After graduating from the Norwegian National Academy of Theatre in 1994, she began working at the National Theatre. After nine years at this theatre she decided to take a break, and in 2003 she moved on to do guest performances at Trøndelag Teater and Centralteatret.
Among her theatre roles are the title role in Friedrich Schiller's "Mary Stuart", "Hilde" in Henrik Ibsen's "The Lady from the Sea", and "Catherine" in David Auburn's "Proof". 2003 was also the year when her film and television career started taking off, and in the following years she had leading roles in the movies "Jonny Vang" (2003) and "Den som frykter ulven" (2004). Her effort at Centralteatret in the double role as "Shen Te" and "Shui Ta" in Bertolt Brecht's "The Good Person of Sezuan" (2006) was called "excellent" and "the most important reason" to watch the play. She has been called "Norway's most awarded young actress", and among the awards she has received are "NRK Radioteatrets pris", "Gösta Ekmans Nordiske Minnefond", "Per Aabels ærespris" and "Narvesen-prisen". In 2002 she was awarded the television award Gullruten for her role in the Ibsen-drama "Rosmersholm". In the same year she was also nominated for an Amanda Award for the same role, but lost to Hildegun Riise.
Goody has been married once, for two years, when she was 23 to 25 years old. She later became romantically involved with Anderz Eide, a freelance actor at Trøndelag Teater. She lives in Sagene.

</doc>
<doc id="18527515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527515" title="Greyston Bakery">
Greyston Bakery

Greyston Bakery was founded in Riverdale, New York, by Bernie Glassman, a Zen Buddhist. Although it is a for-profit company, its profits go to its non-profit parent organization, the Greyston Foundation, where they are used on behalf of the local community.
History.
The bakery was founded in 1982. Later that decade, Ben Cohen of Ben & Jerry's ice cream company agreed to purchase Greyston Bakery brownies for chocolate fudge brownie ice cream. In 2004, Greyston Bakery moved to a larger facility designed by Maya Lin to accommodate growth. In 2012, Greyston Bakery became New York State's first registered Benefit Corporation.
Social mission.
The company aims to hire the hard-to-employ and is known for its "open hiring" practices, where anyone can sign up regardless of background. All profit from the company go to the Greyston Foundation, which uses it for low-income housing, day care open to the community, a medical center for those with AIDS, and other community endeavors.
Products.
Greyston Bakery is the primary supplier of brownies for Ben & Jerry's, which is its main client. The bakery also its own line of baked goods that it sells online and a co-branded line of products with Whole Planet Foundation sold exclusively at Whole Foods Market.

</doc>
<doc id="18527520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527520" title="Roger Heim">
Roger Heim

Roger Heim (February 12, 1900 – September 17, 1979) was a French botanist specialising in mycology and tropical phytopathology. He was known for his studies describing the anatomy of the mushroom hymenium, the systematics and phylogeny of higher fungi (especially the related genera "Lactarius" and "Russula", the Russulales and "Secotium"), the mycology of tropical fungi such as "Termitomyces", as well as ethnomycological work on hallucinogenic fungi, like "Psilocybe" and "Stropharia". In his career he published over 560 articles, scientific reviews, and major works in fields like botany, chemistry, education, forestry, horticulture, liberal arts, medicine and zoology.
Career.
Heim studied at the École Centrale Paris (D.Sc., 1931) and and went on to become the director of the French National Museum of Natural History, a post he held from 1951 to 1965. He involved the Museum in the conservation of nature, as he was a precursor about the environmental concern while, at this time, most of the biologists only cared about science but not about the biodiversity loss. In this period of time, he presided the 8th International Botanical Congress held in Paris in 1954. 
Among the many awards Heim received in his lifetime, he was a "Grand Officier de la Légion d'Honneur" and "Commandeur de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres". 
Heim studied with ethnomycologist R. Gordon Wasson in Mexico, where they collected and identified various species of family Strophariaceae and genus "Psilocybe". Heim was able to later cultivate some of the hallucinogenic mushroom in his laboratory, and he and Wasson would supply mushrooms to several chemistry laboratories for analysis. Albert Hofmann at Sandoz Laboratories in Basle, Switzerland, later isolated and characterized the compounds psilocybin and psilocin.
He was also a member of the French "Académie d'agriculture" and the "Académie d'architecture".
He was awarded the Darwin-Wallace Medal in 1958 and appointed an Honorary Member of the Mycological Society of America in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18527533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527533" title="Canadian Nuclear Society">
Canadian Nuclear Society

The Canadian Nuclear Society (CNS) is a not-for-profit organization representing individuals contributing to, or otherwise supporting, nuclear science and engineering in Canada.
History and Mandate.
The Canadian Nuclear Society was established in 1979 as "the technical society of the Canadian Nuclear Association (CNA)". Although legally a division of the CNA, the CNS operated independently from the start, with its own volunteer Council (Board of Directors), its own mandate, its own activities, and its own budget. In 1998 the CNS incorporated independently as a federal, not-for-profit corporation, following an overwhelming vote from members. Since then the legal name of the CNS is "Canadian Nuclear Society/Société Nucléaire Canadienne, Inc.".
The CNS is dedicated to the exchange of information, both within the nuclear professional and academic community, and with the public, in the field of applied nuclear science and technology. This encompasses all aspects of nuclear energy, uranium, fission and other nuclear technologies such as occupational and environmental protection, medical diagnosis and treatment, the use of radioisotopes, and food preservation. 
Governance.
The CNS is governed by a Council, acting as its Board of Directors, consisting of an Executive Committee and nineteen Members at Large. The 2010-2011 Executive Committee consists of: Adriaan Buijs (President), Eleodor Nichita (Past President), Frank Doyle (1st Vice-President and President-Elect), John Roberts (2nd Vice-President), Mohamed Younis (Treasurer), Prabhu Kundurpi (Secretary), Ken Smith (Financial Administrator), and Ben Rouben (Executive Administrator).
Membership.
The CNS membership includes about 1200 individuals, mostly from within Canada.
The primary category of CNS membership is that of an individual directly involved in the use or development of a nuclear technology in any of the above areas or an individual who is simply interested in nuclear technology. 
Another category of CNS membership is that of an educational institution, such as school or university, or public library, that has an interest in providing timely information on nuclear science and technology to a student body or to the public at large. This type of membership has all the privileges of an individual membership with the exception of voting rights. 
Operational Structure and Activities.
The CNS is structured along five main technical Divisions (Design & Materials, Fuel Technologies, Nuclear Operations & Maintenance, Nuclear Science & Engineering, and Environment & Waste Management), whose main activities are to organize and conduct workshops, courses, symposia, or conferences within their respective technical areas. 
General administration and outreach (public, other societies, etc.) are typically carried out by a number of Committees within the CNS.
The CNS holds an Annual Conference each June, which includes technical sessions covering all fields, as well as plenary sessions that address topics of broad interest.
At the local level across the country, the CNS includes fourteen branches (nine in Ontario, one in each of Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Quebec, and New Brunswick)
Affiliations.
The CNS is affiliated with several "sister" nuclear societies around the world, and is also an organizational member of the Engineering Institute of Canada (EIC). The President of the CNS is an "ex officio" voting member of the Board of Directors of the Canadian Nuclear Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18527575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527575" title="Superior Bank">
Superior Bank

Superior Bank may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18527581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527581" title="Armando (producer)">
Armando (producer)

Armando Gallop (sometimes written as Armando Gallup) (February 12, 1970, Chicago–December 17, 1996), who released material under his first name only, was an American house-music producer and DJ who was an early contributor to the development of acid house.
Armando was born in Chicago to parents of Afro-Cuban descent. He was a star baseball player as a youngster before spinal meningitis put an end to his athletic aspirations. He became interested in dance music, organizing parties by age 16 and mixing on radio by age 17. He and Mike Dunn founded Musique Records and Warehouse Records in 1988, the latter releasing Armando's singles "151" and "Land of Confusion". "Land of Confusion" became a transatlantic club hit in Chicago as well as in Britain, where it influenced their early acid-house scene. He also produced Warehouse releases from Ron Trent, DJ Rush, and Robert Armani.
Instead of working on production, Armando spent most of the early 1990s with a residency at Chicago's Warehouse from 1992 to 1994. He served as an A&R rep for Felix da Housecat's Radikal Fear label and, soon afterward, recorded for that label himself. His first and only full-length album, "One World, One Future", was released in 1996 on Play it Again, Sam. Armando died of leukemia shortly after the album's release.
References.
The Armando Project: An Oral History from Armando's friends and fans

</doc>
<doc id="18527588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527588" title="Miss You (Eric Clapton song)">
Miss You (Eric Clapton song)

"Miss You" is a song by rock musician Eric Clapton from his 1986 album "August". "Miss You" was composed by Clapton, Greg Phillinganes and Bobby Columby. This song is an entirely distinct composition from The Rolling Stones' 1978 recording, "Miss You".
In spite of the track not receiving wide attention, and its being trashed by "Rolling Stone" in a review of "August", "Miss You" does feature in the 2008 compilation "Complete Clapton".

</doc>
<doc id="18527608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527608" title="Jeff Dwelle">
Jeff Dwelle

Jeff Dwelle (born 1973) is an American bodybuilder who competes at the heavyweight class level.
A Texas native, Dwelle first gained prominence by winning the 2000 Lone Star Classic tournament. Moving to national competition, he placed twelfth in the 2002 National Bodybuilding & Fitness Championships and sixteenth in the 2003 USA Bodybuilding & Figure Championships. Dwelle then took a six-year hiatus from competition, returning in 2008 to score first place in the NPC California State Bodybuilding and Figure Championships. He followed that with a fifth place finish in the NPC Junior National Bodybuilding, Fitness & Figure Championships. 
Outside of bodybuilding competitions, Dwelle is a personal trainer and fitness model. He has appeared on several magazine covers, most recently the July 2008 edition of "Muscle & Fitness". He was also featured in a pair of bodybuilding video documentaries, "TexFlex 1" (1999) and "Trail to the Nationals – Men Part 2" (2002).

</doc>
<doc id="18527612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527612" title="Schizoserideae">
Schizoserideae

The Schioserideae are a subfamily of the Delesseriaceae family.

</doc>
<doc id="18527628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527628" title="George Harriman">
George Harriman

George William Harriman (3 March 1908 - 29 May 1973 ) OBE (1943), CBE (1951) was a leading figure in the British motor industry in the 1960s.
He began his career in 1923 as an apprentice at the Hotchkiss works of Morris Motors Limited. He was promoted repeatedly, becoming assistant works superindendent with Morris in 1938. Two years later he switched to Austin in 1940, and by 1945 had become a director of that company. There followed a succession of promotions through the management of BMC, a car manufacturing conglomerate created from the merger in 1952 of the Morris and Austin businesses. 
He was appointed Chairman and Managing Director of the British Motor Corporation in 1961, having in principal taken over many of the responsibilities involved some years earlier from Leonard Lord. 
In addition to his business career, he was a noted rugby football player, captaining the Coventry and Warwickshire teams in the 1930s, and playing briefly for the England team in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="18527635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527635" title="Aart de Geus">
Aart de Geus

Aart J. de Geus (born 1954) is the founder, chairman and CEO of Synopsys Inc. He is a fellow of IEEE and Phil Kaufman Award award winner. De Geus graduated with a masters degree in Electrical Engineering (1978) from the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (Swiss Federal Institute of technology), EPFL, Switzerland followed by a Ph.D. from Southern Methodist University, Texas, USA.
Recognition and awards.
"Electronic Business" magazine has chosen De Geus as one of "The 10 Most Influential Executives". He was honored for pioneering the commercial logic synthesis market by being named the third recipient ever to receive the IEEE Circuits and Systems Society Industrial Pioneer Award. In 2002, shortly after transacting the largest merger in electronic design automation (EDA) history, De Geus was named CEO of the Year by Electronic Business magazine; and in 2004, Entrepreneur of the Year in IT for Northern California by Ernst & Young. Aart is the recipient of the 2008 Phil Kaufman Award (considered as the Nobel prize in EDA) for distinguished contributions to EDA.
De Geus received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year Award in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18527641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527641" title="Javier Weber">
Javier Weber

Carlos Javier Weber (born January 6, 1966) is a former volleyball player from Argentina, who represented his native country at three Summer Olympics, starting in Seoul (1988). There he won the bronze medal with the men's national team. Weber also competed at the 1996 and the 2000 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18527661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527661" title="Abroteia">
Abroteia

Abroteia is a genus of red alga. The type species for this genus is "Abroteia orbicularis" J.Agardh.

</doc>
<doc id="18527662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527662" title="Neuroglossum">
Neuroglossum

Neuroglossum is a genus of marine red alga.

</doc>
<doc id="18527663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527663" title="Schizoseris">
Schizoseris

Schizoseris is a genus of marine red alga.

</doc>
<doc id="18527670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527670" title="Dick Raaymakers">
Dick Raaymakers

Dick Raaymakers (Raaijmakers) (1 September 1930 - 4 September 2013) was a Dutch composer, theater maker and theorist. He was known as a pioneer in the field of electronic music and tape music. In addition, he realized numerous music theater pieces, art installations, and has published many theoretical essays.
Biography.
Raaymakers was born in Maastricht, and studied the piano at the Royal Conservatoire (The Hague). From 1954 to 1960 he worked in the field of electro-acoustic research at Royal Philips Electronics Ltd. in Eindhoven. There, using the alias Kid Baltan, he and Tom Dissevelt, under the name Electrosoniks produced works of popular music by electronic means (which turned out to be the first attempts of their kind in the world). From 1960 to 1962 he then worked at the University of Utrecht as a scientific staff member. From 1963 to 1966, together with Jan Boerman, he worked in his own studio for electronic music in the Hague. Then, from 1966 until his retirement in 1995, he worked as a teacher of Electronic and Contemporary Music at the Royal Conservatoire (The Hague) and since 1991 also as a teacher of Music Theatre at the Image and Sound Interfaculty, at the same conservatory. He died on the third of September, 2013.
Works.
Raaymakers’ oeuvre covers a wide variety of genres and styles, varying from sound animations for films to extremely abstract pulse structures, from "action music" to infinite voice patterns, from electro-acoustic tableaux vivants to extracts of music theatre. He is considered as someone who combines disciplines such as visual art, film, literature and theatre with the world of music. Raaymakers has created numerous electronic compositions, "instructional pieces" for string ensembles, phono-kinetic objects, "graphic methods" for tractor and bicycle, "operations" for tape, film, theatre, percussion ensemble, museum and performance, artworks for offices and conservatory, and many soundscape compositions and music theatre productions, including some for the Holland Festival and for theatre company Hollandia. His theoretical essays are evidence of his profound interest in special inter-media connections. For instance, in his latest publication "Cahier M" (2000) Raaymakers elaborated upon the connections he saw between the 19th-century French physiologist Étienne-Jules Marey, composer Pierre Boulez, architect Iannis Xenakis and the musical views of Piet Mondrian.
One of his most important books is "The Method" (1985), in which he describes, in an exact but also poetic way, how motion, cause and effect, and their perception are interrelated.
Awards.
In the 1990s Raaymakers received several awards for his contribution to the development of visual arts and music in the Netherlands: in 1992 the lifetime's achievement award from the Foundation for Visual Arts, Design and Architecture (BKVB) in Amsterdam, in 1994 the Matthijs Vermeulen Award from the Amsterdam Art Foundation and in 1995 the Ouborg Award for his lifetime's achievement from the City of The Hague. In late 1995 the biennial "Festival in de Branding", organized by the Wagenaar Foundation in The Hague, was dedicated exclusively to Raaymakers’ musical and visual work. In 2005 he received a lifetime's achievement award from the Johan Wagenaar Foundation and an honorary doctorate from the University of Leiden. In November 2011 Raaymakers received the Witteveen+Bos Award for Art+Technology for his entire oeuvre.
Oeuvre.
Music theatre productions and art works:
Compositions:

</doc>
<doc id="18527678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527678" title="Übergangskriegslokomotive">
Übergangskriegslokomotive

The Übergangskriegslokomotiven (literally: provisional war locomotives) were austere versions of standard locomotives ("Einheitslokomotiven") built by Germany during the Second World War in order to accelerate their production. They are often just called 'ÜK' locomotives.
In the Second World War the requirement for motive power, especially goods train locomotives, rose sharply. To cope with the demand the standard locomotive classes 44, 50 and 86 were built, after 1941, to a simpler, more austere design and given the designation (ÜK) after the class number.
Characteristic of ÜK locomotives are e.g. disc wheels on the carrying axles and the omission of the front side windows in the driver's cabs. Even preheaters, feed pumps, "Frontschürzen", smoke deflectors and other equipment not essential for the operation of the locomotives were sometimes left out. 
The ÜK classes proved however to be just an interim step. As early as 1941 the requirement for a further, more radical simplification of locomotive construction became ever more pressing. As a result, genuine war locomotives (the "Kriegslokomotiven") were developed by the Deutsche Reichsbahn. They were sub-divided into wartime steam locomotives ("Kriegs-Dampf-Lokomotiven or KDL") and wartime electric locomotives ("Kriegs-Elektrolokomotiven or KEL"). Examples include the steam classes 42 and 52, as well as the Class E 44 and E 94.

</doc>
<doc id="18527713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527713" title="Badmeaningood Vol.3">
Badmeaningood Vol.3

Badmeaningood Vol.3 is a compilation of tracks chosen by alternative hip hop artist Peanut Butter Wolf.

</doc>
<doc id="18527722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527722" title="Casper Jacobsen">
Casper Jacobsen

Casper Dalsgaard Jacobsen (born July 12, 1979) is Danish former footballer, who last as a semi-professionel goalkeeper for Vejle Boldklub in the Danish 1st Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18527726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527726" title="Claudio Zulianello">
Claudio Zulianello

Claudio F. Zulianello (born May 29, 1965) is a former volleyball player from Argentina, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. There he claimed the bronze medal with the men's national team.

</doc>
<doc id="18527745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527745" title="Caitlin EJ Meyer">
Caitlin EJ Meyer

Caitlin Elizabeth Joelle Meyer (born February 29, 1992) is an American actress from Salt Lake City, Utah. She has starred in many films such as "Little Secrets" with Evan Rachel Wood and "7th Heaven"s David Gallagher and has guest starred on several television shows and TV movies as well. Her first stage role was as The Little Match Girl and her first film role was in the 2002 film "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus". She has five brothers and two sisters. Her mother was born and raised in England and her father was raised in Washington D.C.. She has won two Young Artist Awards for her performances. She once trekked across Wyoming with a cart to Martin's Cove and ran on her high school's track team.

</doc>
<doc id="18527753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527753" title="Calumet, Illinois">
Calumet, Illinois

Calumet, Illinois may refer to the following place:

</doc>
<doc id="18527759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527759" title="Robert O. Tyler">
Robert O. Tyler

Robert Ogden Tyler (December 31, 1831 – December 1, 1874) was an American soldier who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He is best known as the commander of the Artillery Reserve of the Army of the Potomac, including at the Battle of Gettysburg in July 1863, where many of his batteries played important role in the Union victory. Tyler later led a division of heavy artillery turned infantry during the Overland Campaign of 1864, when he was badly wounded and relegated to administrative duties for the duration of the war.
Early life and career.
Tyler was born in the tiny hamlet of Hunter, New York, to Frederick and Sophia (née Sharp) Tyler. He was a nephew of Daniel Tyler, who also would serve as a general in the Civil War. He received an appointment to the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York, and graduated 22nd of 52 cadets in the Class of 1853. He received a brevet appointment as a second lieutenant and was assigned to the artillery. He subsequently served in a variety of posts throughout the country.
Tyler served as an artilleryman in the Utah Territory during the Mormon disputes and was among the U.S. Army officers who signed a petition supporting the reappointment of the controversial Mormon leader Brigham Young as governor.
Civil War.
During the April 1861 crisis at Fort Sumter in Charleston, South Carolina, Tyler was part of a hastily assembled relief force that tried unsuccessfully to reinforce the beleaguered garrison. That September, he was appointed as the colonel of the 4th Connecticut Infantry. Tyler began training the men as artillerymen, and the regiment was eventually renamed the 1st Connecticut Heavy Artillery.
The regiment served in the Peninsula Campaign, and Tyler commanded the siege train of the Army of the Potomac under Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan. On November 29, 1862, Tyler was promoted to brigadier general of volunteers and assigned command of all the artillery in the "Center Grand Division" of the army. His guns participated in the Battle of Fredericksburg, providing artillery support for the series of assaults on Confederate positions on the heights near Fredericksburg.
Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker assumed command of the Army of the Potomac and reorganized it, creating a formal Artillery Reserve under Tyler's command. Tyler commanded the reserve during the battles of Chancellorsville and Gettysburg, where many of his guns were used to help repel Confederate attacks on such Union positions as Cemetery Ridge and Cemetery Hill, as well as during Pickett's Charge on July 3. (Tyler was disabled by sun stroke during part of the Gettysburg campaign.) Tyler also participated in the autumn Bristoe and Mine Run campaigns, but played no major role.
In early 1864, Tyler was assigned command of a division of infantry consisting entirely of heavy artillery regiments, which he led at Harris Farm in the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House, where it was attached to II Corps. He then led a brigade in 2nd Division, II Corps, at the Battle of Cold Harbor. In the latter battle, Tyler was badly wounded in his foot, which incapacitated him from any further field duty during the war. After recovery, Tyler served in a variety of administrative posts.
Postbellum career.
At the close of the war, the War Department rewarded scores of officers with brevet promotions dating from March 1865. Tyler received the brevet rank of major general of volunteers for "great gallantry at the Battle of Cold Harbor". In 1866 he mustered out of volunteer service and was commissioned as a lieutenant colonel in the regular army, serving as deputy Quartermaster General.
His wartime injuries contributed to his declining health, and Tyler died in Boston, Massachusetts, at the age of 42. He is buried in Cedar Hill Cemetery in Hartford. Before he died, he was able to complete his autobiography, the "Memoir of Brevet Major-General Robert Ogden Tyler" (Philadelphia: J.B. Lippincott, 1878).
The Robert O. Tyler Post #50 of the Grand Army of the Republic in Hartford was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18527769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527769" title="List of Storyteller Café episodes">
List of Storyteller Café episodes

This article is a listing of all episodes of "Storyteller Café". The series currently consists of 9 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="18527778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527778" title="Acetonedicarboxylic acid">
Acetonedicarboxylic acid

Acetonedicarboxylic acid or 3-oxoglutaric acid is a simple carboxylic acid, which may be used as a building block in organic chemistry.
It is commercially available. It may also be prepared by decarbonylation of citric acid in fuming sulfuric acid:

</doc>
<doc id="18527783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527783" title="Wirral Endurance Ride">
Wirral Endurance Ride

The Wirral Endurance Ride is a ride on the National Championship calendar of Endurance GB. It is run by the Cheshire group of the organisation.
The ride normally is split into two, on a local beach and the Wirral Way route on Wirral Country Park.
As with each of the rides in the championship, the competitors are split into distance classes, in this case for the Wirral ride, there are normally six. Winners of these classes are determined by the average speed and grade they receive on the ride. The format is also used to determine the overall winner, which is usually one of these distance class winners.

</doc>
<doc id="18527785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527785" title="Bulletin of Latin American Research">
Bulletin of Latin American Research

Bulletin of Latin American Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on Latin American studies, including Latin America, the Caribbean, inter-American relations, and the Latin American diaspora. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell.

</doc>
<doc id="18527792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527792" title="AN/APG-67">
AN/APG-67

The AN/APG-67 is a multi-mode all-digital X band coherent pulse doppler radar originally developed by General Electric for the Northrop F-20 Tigershark program of the early 1980s. It offers a variety of air-to-air, air-to-ground, sea-search and mapping modes, and compatibility with most weapons used by the US Air Force in the 1980s.
When the F-20 project ended in the mid-1980s and no other U.S. sales were immediately forthcoming, GE sold off its radar division. It eventually became part of Lockheed Martin, which sells the APG-67 for use on light fighters and trainer aircraft. It has been selected for the AIDC F-CK-1 Ching-kuo of Taiwan, and the Korean A-50 attack variant of the T-50 Golden Eagle, and the latest versions of the FMA IA 63 Pampa, which are built by Lockheed Martin.
Description.
The APG-67 is a modern radar featuring a planar phased array antenna and simplified electronics housed in three line-replaceable units, one of these being the radar "dish" itself. The entire system weighs less than 160 lb and takes up less than 1.9 cubic feet. All communications with the cockpit is handled using the MIL-STD-1553 data bus; the data bus allows the data from any of the aircraft's sensors to be shown on any of the in-cockpit displays, or sent to other aircraft using a data link.
The system broadcasts an average power of 396 watts, allowing it to detect fighter-sized targets at up to 40 nm (75 km) in tracking modes, and up to 80 nm (150 km) in velocity search. In the air-to-air mode it offers long-range velocity search, track-while-scan with up to ten tracked targets, and a variety of single-target-track and auto-lockon "dogfight" modes. It has a variety of pulse repetition frequencies that are automatically selected depending on whether or not the antenna is looking up or down.
The APG-67 also includes a variety of air-to-ground modes including real beam ground mapping, synthetic aperture radar imaging (SAR) and beacon tracking. It can also search for moving targets on the ground, and offers tracking modes for ground targets similar to those for air-to-air use. These modes can also be used for sea-surface-search, in which case the display is de-cluttered to remove waves. The SAR mode is an optional add-on to the basic system.
History.
For many years Northrop had worked with Emerson Electric to provide a series of radars for their F-5 series. The original F-5A/B was designed as a light strike aircraft and had only a rudimentary ranging radar for the gunsight, and very little room in the nose for anything else. When the F-5 airframe was adapted into the F-5E/F for the air-to-air role, Emerson designed the AN/APQ-153 to fit into the extremely limited space in the F-5's nose. The small space and severe weight limitations meant that the APQ-153 could offer only the most basic features, including basic single-target-track and a scanning mode with a range about 10 nm. A further upgrade produced the AN/APQ-159, which offered longer range of about 20 nmi, as well as offering a number of practical improvements like wider scanning angles and improved reliability.
When Northrop started work on the latest member of the F-5 family, then known as the F-5G, Emerson was initially selected to produce a version of the APQ-159 with the capability of firing the AIM-7 Sparrow missile at beyond visual range. However, as the project was repeatedly re-positioned during the late 1970s, Northrop developed the requirement for a much more capable design, able to support both air-to-air and air-to-ground modes like the radars being used in modern designs like the F-16 Fighting Falcon. Emerson's earlier designs were all analog systems so they were not a "shoe in" for the digital system Northrop was looking for, and they threw open the competition to anyone with a suitable design. Several proposals were returned, and General Electric eventually won the contract.

</doc>
<doc id="18527813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527813" title="Émile Pouget">
Émile Pouget

Émile Pouget (Pont-de-Salars, Aveyron, 12 October 1860 - Lozère, now part of Palaiseau, Essonne, 21 July 1931) was a French anarcho-communist, who adopted tactics close to those of anarcho-syndicalism. He was vice-secretary of the General Confederation of Labour from 1901 to 1908.
Biography.
As a young man, Pouget founded his first newspaper, "Le Lycéen républicain" (The Republican Student) at high-school, being revolted at the trial of the Narbonne's Communards in Rodez.
He participated as soon as 1879, aged 19, at the creation of a textile union, the "Syndicat des employés du textile". He then joined in 1881 a group of French anarchists at the London International Congress, following the dissolving of the First International.
Pouget was arrested on March 9, 1883, following a demonstration in Paris by unemployed people, during which three breadshops were pillaged. He was detained while trying to free Louise Michel from the police's hands. Condemned to 8 years prison for "armed pillage", Pouget was detained from 1883 to 1886 at Melun's prison.
Once freed, he started on 24 February 1889, the publication of "Le Père Peinard". Following the 1894 assassination of President Sadi Carnot and the ensuing repression in the ranks of the anarchist movement, he exiled himself to England in order to avoid being judged during the Trial of the thirty. He returned to France only after the 1895 amnesty granted by president Félix Faure.
Starting in 1896, he preconized sabotage actions as means of struggle, a view expressed in various articles and leaflets. From 1901 to 1908 he was elected vice-secretary of the General Confederation of Labour (CGT) trade-union, representing the anarcho-syndicalist tendency in the union. Pouget thereafter participated to the draft of the 1906 Charte d'Amiens, which set the foundations of the French trade-union movement. The following year, he became chief editor of "La Voix du Peuple" (The Voice of the People), edited by the CGT. But he finally took his distances with the trade-unionist movement starting in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="18527815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527815" title="Christine Ng">
Christine Ng

Christine Ng Wing-Mei is a Hong Kong actress under contract to Hong Kong's Television Broadcasts Limited or TVB. Christine is known for her roles in TVB's dramas including "C.I.B. Files" and "The Silver Chamber of Sorrows"
Career.
She competed in the 1989 Miss Asia Pageant and won Miss Photogenic, finishing as third runner-up in the pageant.
In December 1990 at the age of 21, Ng married first husband Yung Kwong Pui who was 30 years older. After only 13 days into their marriage, Yung died of a heart attack. Yung was a high standing partner at the Hong Kong office of Ernst & Young and had accumulated a large fortune over his lifetime. He left Christine $170 million (HKD) in his will after he died. Since Yung had died in China, his will was contested by family members for a lengthy period. In 2000, Ng was award an amount of $9 million, For many years, Christine suffered from depression due to negative rumors and the title that she was a "black" widow who brought bad luck to her late husband, which hurt her success with ATV. She did successfully revive her career after moving to TVB.
In 1999 she met her current husband Kasey Lin Hoi Tong through Gigi Lai, and they married in July 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18527816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527816" title="James Mallet">
James Mallet

James Mallet (born 1955 in London) is professor of biological diversity at the Department of Biology, University College London.
He is also co-director of the Centre for Ecology and Evolution, a centre of excellence in research and teaching formed by University College London, the Institute of Zoology (Zoological Society of London), Natural History Museum, Imperial College, Queen Mary, Royal Holloway and Kew Gardens. 
He was awarded the Darwin-Wallace Medal by the Linnean Society of London in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18527818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527818" title="Dante Poli">
Dante Poli

Dante Eugenio Poli García (born 15 August 1976 in Arica) is a former Chilean football defender.
Biography.
Now a sport commentator on Chilean sport channel CDF, Poli once played as a defender for multiple clubs in South America and Europe. His achievements include two Primera División de Chile titles with Club Deportivo Universidad Católica in 1997 and 2002.
Unfortunately he was not able to consolidate his technical abilities due to constant injuries during his career. He was on trial with Manchester United in 1997, and even played several friendlies with the club, but was never signed.

</doc>
<doc id="18527819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527819" title="Daniel Castellani">
Daniel Castellani

Daniel Jorge Castellani (born March 21, 1961 in Buenos Aires) is a former volleyball player from Argentina, who represented Argentina in two Summer Olympics and now coaches both the Finland national side and Zaksa Kędzierzyn-Koźle in Poland.
He played for Boca Juniors and Gimnasia de La Plata in Argentina, Chieti, Falconara, Bologna, Padova and Ruini Firenze in Italy, Bradesco VC and Minas Tênis Clube in Brazil.
After having finished in sixth place at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles Castellani captained the men's national team four years later in Seoul, South Korea, claiming the bronze medal. He later became a volleyball coach, and guided the men's team at the 1996 Summer Olympics. 
Most recently he was head coach of Polish volleyball team Skra Bełchatów (2006-09), and since January 2009 has been head coach of Poland men's national volleyball team. In September 2009 the Polish team led by Castellani won the European Championship for the first time in its history, held in the Turkish cities of Istanbul and Izmir. He was dismissed before the end of his contract after an unsatisfactory result in the 2010 World Championship in Italy.
Daniel Castellani was named Finland's coach in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18527821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527821" title="Society for Latin American Studies">
Society for Latin American Studies

Society for Latin American Studies is based in the United Kingdom and one of Europe's largest organizations of scholars of Latin American studies. It was founded in 1964 and has over 400 members, including diplomats, writers, and researchers in both academia and commercial and non-governmental organisations. SLAS organizes an annual conference and produces the quarterly journal, Bulletin of Latin American Research; it also provides grants to support research and professional activities.
External links.
SLAS website

</doc>
<doc id="18527825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527825" title="USS Spitfire (1803)">
USS Spitfire (1803)

USS "Spitfire" (1803) was a bomb ketch converted from a sloop that served the U.S. Navy during the early years of the republic. She carried ammunition for the U.S. Navy warships in the Mediterranean in their battles with the Barbary pirates.
Built in Connecticut.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Spitfire" -- a merchant sloop built in Connecticut in 1803—was purchased by the Navy at Boston, Massachusetts, on 25 April 1805; was commissioned the same day; and converted to a bomb ketch by the Boston Navy Yard.
Barbary Wars support.
Commanded by Midshipman Daniel McNeill, Jr., "Spitfire" sailed for the Mediterranean on 23 June 1805 and reached Gibraltar on 1 August. The bomb ketch operated in the Mediterranean supporting American operations against the Barbary powers until sailing for home on 3 June 1806. 
She arrived at Charleston, South Carolina, on 19 July and was placed in ordinary at Norfolk, Virginia, on 3 August 1806.
Reactivation.
The ship reactivated in July 1807 under command of Midshipman F. Cornelius de Kroff but remained at Norfolk until laid up again in December. 
"Spitfire" was broken up at the Norfolk Navy Yard in 1820.

</doc>
<doc id="18527831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527831" title="2008–09 Clemson Tigers men's basketball team">
2008–09 Clemson Tigers men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Clemson Tigers men's basketball team represented Clemson University. The Head Coach is Oliver Purnell. The team played its home games in Littlejohn Coliseum in Clemson, South Carolina. All games were produced and broadcast locally by the Clemson Tigers Sports Network.
Pre-season.
On Tuesday, October 21, 2008 the NCAA suspended Freshman Catalin Baciu for the first five games of the season for his participation with a Romanian professional basketball team. The term of the suspension equals the number of games Baciu played as a 15-year-old for U Mobitelco Cluj, a club team that plays in Romania’s top pro division, Divizia A. Although Baciu was not paid for his participation, NCAA rules prohibit student-athletes from playing on a professional team, regardless of whether they are employed. He played for a total of four minutes in his five games with U Mobitelco Cluj.
On Sunday, October 26, 2008, members of the ACC media were polled and picked Clemson to finish fifth in the conference behind North Carolina, Duke, Wake Forest and Miami respectively.
Regular season.
On Sunday, November 16, 2008, The Tigers won the inaugural Charleston Classic 8-team tournament in Charleston, SC. This marks the 25th time in school history Clemson has won a regular season tournament.
On Saturday, November 22, 2008, Clemson beat Charlotte 71–70 at Halton Arena, marking the first time ever a current member of the Atlantic Coast Conference has played at Charlotte. (Miami played during there during their time as a member of the Big East).
On Wednesday, January 21, 2009, Clemson lost to North Carolina 94–70. This extended the NCAA record for the longest road losing streak against one opponent to 54 games. This also ended Clemson's streak of not losing back-to-back ACC games that dated back to the 2006–07 season.
On Sunday, January 25, 2009, with a 73–59 victory over Georgia Tech, Senior Guard K.C. Rivers broke the team record for most career wins as a player with 85. The previous record of 84 was co-held Cliff Hammonds and Elden Campbell.
On Monday, February 2, 2009, EA Sports announced that Littlejohn Coliseum was one of the Top-15 toughest places to play in College Basketball. Through an online poll, Fans determined 15 finalists, whose home courts were judged to be the most difficult for opposing teams to play in. These results will form an integral part of a new game mode in the EA SPORTS NCAA Basketball videogame franchise for 2009–10.
The 27-point victory was Clemson's largest margin of victory against a top 25 team in history. The previous best was a 22-point victory margin on two occasions. Clemson defeated a fourth-ranked NC State team led by David Thompson at Clemson 92–70 on Feb 22, 1975 at Clemson, and defeated a 13th ranked Maryland team by 22 points, 93–71 on January 19, 1977 at Clemson.
The defeat was also the worst suffered by Duke since the NCAA Championship game of 1990, a 103–73 victory by UNLV on April 2, 1990. The 27-point margin was the largest for Duke in an ACC regular season game since January 18, 1984 when Wake Forest defeated Duke at Winston-Salem, 97–66.
Clemson's 10-point win over Boston College in Boston on Feb 10 was just the third ACC road win over an ACC team that finished the year with a winning record in the last 22 years. Boston College finished the ACC regular season with a 9–7 record and went to the NCAA tournament.
On Tuesday, February 17, the EA Sports Tour visited Littlejohn Coliseum as Clemson hosted Maryland. Along with judging the game day atmosphere, the tour handed out video games, t-shirts and hosted an NCAA Basketball 09 tournament leading up to the game. After their visit, Novell Thomas, the producer of the NCAA Basketball game, wrote that "Hands down, Clemson just set the bar for all hosts of the EA SPORTS Toughest Places to Play, tour." The 29-point victory was the largest margin of victory in Clemson history over Maryland, and tied for the largest margin of victory for a Clemson team against an ACC team that advanced to the NCAA Tournament. Clemson defeated Florida State in 1997–98 by 29 points.
The Tigers finished the season at 9–7, which gave them back-to-back winning seasons in the conference for the first time since the 1965–66 and 1966–67 teams did it. It is also Clemson's eleventh winning season in the conference since 1953.
Clemson defeated five NCAA tournament teams during the regular season in Duke, Maryland, Boston College, Temple and Illinois. It is the most wins over NCAA Tournament teams in the regular season for the Clemson program since 1997–98.
Clemson finished the regular season with a 14–0 record against non-conference teams, one of just eight Division I teams with a perfect non-conference record. The others were Pittsburgh, UConn, North Carolina, Wake Forest, Minnesota, Illinois State and Stanford.
The Tigers won seven regular season ACC games by double digits, the most regular season league wins by 10 points or more in Clemson history. Statistically, Clemson finished the year with a +10.3 average margin of victory, third best in school history. Clemson's .688 free throw percentage was the third best for the program in the last 22 years. Clemson's .374 three-point percentage was the fourth best in school history.
Postseason.
ACC tournament.
Clemson entered the ACC Tournament as the No. 5 seed with a 9–7 record in the ACC Regular Season. The Tigers lost their opening game to No. 12 seed Georgia Tech 86–81 dropping their record to 3–8 all-time in the opening round of the tournament.
NCAA tournament.
Clemson was selected for the NCAA Tournament for the second consecutive year, joining Duke and North Carolina as the only ACC schools to make the tournament each of the last two years. It was just the third time in Clemson history that Clemson has gone to the NCAAs in consecutive years. The Tigers opened the tournament in Kansas City, Missouri as the No. 7 seed in the South Region. Down by double-digits against #10-seed Michigan in the first round, the Tigers went on a 14–0 run to make it 58–57 with just over a minute left. Clemson had a chance to tie the game with 13 seconds left, but K.C. Rivers' contested 3-pointer at the buzzer fell short. The 59–62 loss dropped Oliver Purnell to 0–5 all-time in NCAA Tournament games as a head coach.
Schedule and results.
!colspan=9| Regular season
!colspan=9| Postseason
Player statistics.
Finals Stats
Awards and honors.
Trevor Booker
K.C. Rivers
Tanner Smith
Oliver Purnell, Head Coach
Ron Bradley, Associate Head Coach
Final season notes.
Team notes.
Clemson finished the season with a 23–9 record for a .719 winning percentage. This marks the fifth consecutive year that Clemson has improved its winning percentage from the previous year. Head Coach Oliver Purnell joins former Georgia Tech coach Bobby Cremins as the only coaches in ACC history to take a program to a better winning percentage in five consecutive years. Cremins did it from 1980–81 through the 1986–87 season. The team finished the year with 23 wins, tied for the fifth highest total in school history. The .719 winning percentage ranks in a tie for fourth best in school history and the best since the 1989–90 team was 24–8 for a .750 winning percentage. The 23 victories gave Clemson at least 20 wins for the third straight year, a first in Clemson history. Clemson has 72 wins over the last three years, third among ACC teams behind North Carolina and Duke.
Clemson finished the year ranked 24th in the final Associated Press poll. It marks the second consecutive year Clemson has been ranked in the final AP poll, the first time in history Clemson has finished in the top 25 in any poll in consecutive years. Clemson was ranked in the AP poll for 14 consecutive weeks and in the USA Today poll for 13 consecutive weeks, the second longest streak of weeks in the top 25 in the same season in Clemson history and most since 1996–97 team was ranked in all 19 polls. Clemson reached a high ranking of No. 9 in the USA Today poll on Feb 9, the highest ranking for the program since the 1997–98 season.
Clemson won 10 games away from home, including seven on the opponent's home court. The 10 wins away from home were the most since the 1996–97 team won a record 11. The seven road wins were the most since the 1986–87 team won eight on the opponent's home court. The Tigers posted a 4–4 ACC road record this year, the most ACC road wins in a season for the Clemson program since 1996–97.
Individual notes.
Clemson's senior class of K.C. Rivers, Raymond Sykes and Jesse Yanutola finished their careers with 91 victories, a Clemson record for a four-year class. The previous record was 84. The class also had a record 33 ACC regular season wins and 12 ACC road wins. The .679 winning percentage is second best in Clemson history behind the seniors of 1979–80.

</doc>
<doc id="18527838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527838" title="William Maule">
William Maule

William Maule may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18527852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527852" title="Dream Police (disambiguation)">
Dream Police (disambiguation)

Dream Police may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18527858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527858" title="Bull Thistle Cave Archaeological Site">
Bull Thistle Cave Archaeological Site

The Bull Thistle Cave Archaeological Site is an archaeological site on the National Register of Historic Places, located in Tazewell County, Virginia. It is a vertical shaft pit burial cave. The distribution of the skeletal remains indicates that bodies were either thrown or lowered into the cave. On the surface of cave floor researchers discovered 91 bodies.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18527888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527888" title="Waite v North-Eastern Railway Co">
Waite v North-Eastern Railway Co

Waite v North-Eastern Railway Co (1858) EB&E 719 is an old English tort law case concerning negligence and contributory negligence in the pre-"Donoghue v. Stevenson" and pre-Law Reform (Contributory Negligence) Act 1945 era. It was heard initially in the Exchequer Chamber.
Facts.
An action was brought on behalf of an infant by his next friend. The infant, which was five years of age, was with its grandmother, who took a half-ticket for the child and a ticket for herself to travel by the defendants' line; as they were crossing the railway to be ready for the train the child was injured by a passing train.
Judgment.
The jury found that the defendants were guilty of negligence, and that the grandmother was guilty of negligence which contributed to the accident, while there was no negligence of the infant plaintiff. A verdict was entered for the plaintiff, but in the Queen's Bench the verdict was entered for the defendants, without calling on them to argue, on the ground that the infant was identified with its grandmother.
Subsequent cases.
Afterwards, the case of the "Bernina," decided in 1888, where a passenger and an engineer on board the "Bushire" were killed in a collision between the "Bernina" and the "Bushire" caused by fault in both ships, but without fault on the part of the deceased, exploded this supposed doctrine, and made it clear that the defence of contributory negligence holds good only when the defendant contends and proves that the plaintiff was injured by his own carelessness.

</doc>
<doc id="18527896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527896" title="Delesseriaceae">
Delesseriaceae

The Delessericaeae is a family of about 100 genera of marine red alga.
External links.
Algaebase: Delesseriaceae

</doc>
<doc id="18527948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527948" title="Michigan Lawyers Weekly">
Michigan Lawyers Weekly

Michigan Lawyers Weekly, published in Farmington Hills, Michigan, is a state-wide newspaper for the legal profession.
The paper publishes each Monday, 52 weeks a year.
History.
Michigan Lawyers Weekly, founded in 1986, was first published in Lansing, Michigan by Lawyers Weekly, Inc. In December 2001, the paper relocated to Novi, Michigan.
In 2004, Minneapolis-based Dolan Media, Inc. (NYSE: DM) acquired the paper. Operations were moved to Farmington Hills in 2005.
Content.
Michigan Lawyers Weekly reports on Michigan and federal court decisions, legal ethics and judicial conduct issues, and jury verdicts.
The paper's website compiles sources of legal news and information.

</doc>
<doc id="18527974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527974" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cuttack-Bhubaneswar">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cuttack-Bhubaneswar

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cuttack-Bhubaneswar () is an archdiocese located in the cities of Cuttack and Bhubaneswar in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18527976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527976" title="Mohd Fazliata Taib">
Mohd Fazliata Taib

Mohd Fazliata Taib (born December 10, 1985, in Changlun, Kedah) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Kedah FA in the Malaysian Super League, primarily as a centre back but he is also capable of playing as a right full back when required.

</doc>
<doc id="18527977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527977" title="Raymond of Fitero">
Raymond of Fitero

Saint Raymond of Fitero (also known as "Ramon Sierra", ) (*? - †Ciruelos, 1163) was a monk, abbot, and founder of the Order of Calatrava. His birthplace is unknown; Saint-Gaudens (France), Tarazona (Aragon), and Barcelona (Catalonia) have all been proposed as the place of his birth. 
As a young man, he felt a religious vocation, and became a canon of the cathedral at Tarazona, which had been reconquered from the Moors in 1120. 
He later became a monk of the Cistercian Order at Escaladieu Abbey in Gascony, and when this order wished to extend itself into Spain, he was elected as prior of the new monastery at Nienzabas (Niencebas), on land granted by Alfonso VII of Castile. At the death of the abbot Durando (Durandus, Durand), Raymond succeeded him to this post. The monastery then moved to Castejón, and was finally established at a spot named Fitero (Castellón de Fitero), situated on the frontier between La Rioja and Navarre. There the Monasterio de Santa María la Real de Fitero was built. 
At the death of Alfonso VII, in 1158, Raymond went to Toledo so that the new king, Sancho III of Castile, could confirm the privileges that Alfonso had granted to the monastery. In Toledo Raymond learned from his companion, Father Diego Velásquez, that a major offensive against the Moors was being planned, and that Sancho would grant the town of Calatrava (Calatrava la Vieja) to anyone who promised to defend it from the Moors. 
Encouraged by Father Diego, who had been a knight prior to becoming a monk, Raymond took up the challenge. Sancho granted them the privilege of defending Calatrava, and Raymond organized an army, with the support of Juan II of Toledo, the Archbishop of Toledo, that successfully prevented the Moors from attacking this place in 1158. 
As a result of this success, Raymond decided to found the Order of Calatrava, organized along Cistercian lines. Raymond had his monks move from Fitero to the new one he established at Calatrava. 
At the end of his life, he retired to Ciruelos, near Ocaña, where he died.

</doc>
<doc id="18527981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527981" title="Arisa Cox">
Arisa Cox

Arisa Cox (born December 7, 1978 in Toronto) is a Canadian television and radio personality, best known as the host of "Big Brother Canada".
Attending Carleton University's journalism program, Cox first came to prominence as an on-air reporter for CTV Ottawa, then as a participant in the first season of "", and later worked as a creative producer, entertainment and weather reporter for A-Channel Ottawa, as an entertainment reporter for "The A-List" and "The Gill Deacon Show". She has also appeared as an actor in "Instant Star", "The Smart Woman Survival Guide", and the CBC mini-series "Guns".
From September 2007 to August 2009, Cox co-hosted the entertainment newsmagazine "E! News Weekend" on the now defunct E! Canada. Her cohost on "E! News Weekend", Jason Ruta, was also a former "U8TV" lofter, who appeared during that show's first season. Following the end of that show's run, she became an arts and entertainment reporter for CBC News Network.
On January 21, 2013 Cox was announced as the host in the first installment of "Big Brother Canada". Following the end of that show's run in May 2013, Cox was announced as the new cohost of the morning show on CHBN-FM in Edmonton, Alberta. She began her job at The Bounce on July 8th during the morning show with Ara. 

</doc>
<doc id="18527990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527990" title="History of English land law">
History of English land law

The history of English land law can be traced into Roman times, and through the Dark Ages under Saxon monarchs where, as for most of human history, land was the dominant source of social wealth. English land law transformed from the industrial revolution and over the 19th century, as the political power of the landed aristocracy diminished, and modern legislation increasingly made land a social form of wealth, subject to extensive social regulation, such as for housing, national parks, and agriculture.
Roman law.
The division into real and personal is coincident to a great extent with that into immovable and movable, generally used by systems of law founded on the Roman (see Personal Property.) That it is not entirely coincident is due to the influence of the Roman law itself. The Greeks and the Romans of the republic were essentially nations of citizens; the Teutons were essentially a nation of land-folk; the Roman empire bridged the gulf between the two.
Anglo-Saxon law.
It is probable that the English land law was produced by the action of the policy adopted in the lower empire, finally developed into feudalism, upon the previously existing course of Teutonic custom. The distinguishing features of the Teutonic system were enjoyment in common and the absence of private ownership, except to a limited extent. The principal features of the old English land law before the Conquest, from which the modern law has developed, were
The rudiments of the conceptions of tenure and of the Crown as Lord Paramount were found in the old English system, and leenland was an anticipation of the limited interests which afterwards became of such importance.
Such terms as "fee" or "homage" carry us back into feudal times. Rights of common and distress are based upon still older institutions, forming the very basis of primitive law. The conception of tenure is the fundamental ground of distinction between real and personal estate, the former only being strictly entitled to the name of estate.
Norman feudalism.
The formal start of an English law of real property came after the Norman Invasion of 1066, when a common law was built throughout England. The new King, William the Conqueror, started standardising England's feudal rules, and compiled a reference for all land and its value in the Domesday Book of 1086. This was used to determine taxes, and the feudal dues that were to be paid. Feudalism meant that all land was held by the Monarch. Estates in land were granted to lords, who in turn parcelled out property to tenants. Tenants and lords had obligations of work, military service, and payment of taxation to those up the chain, and ultimately to the Crown. Most of the peasantry were bonded to their masters. Serfs, cottars or slaves, who may have composed as much as 88 per cent of the population in 1086, were bound by law to work on the land. They could not leave without permission of their Lords. But also, even those who were classed as free men were factually limited in their freedom, by the limited chances to acquire property. The Commons Act 1236 allowed the Lord of a Manor to enclose any manorial land that had previously been common, and the Statute of Westminster 1285 formalised the system of entail so that land would only pass to the heirs of a landlord. The Statute "Quia Emptores Terrarum" 1290 allowed alienation of land only by substitution of the title holder, halting creation of further sub-tenants. The civil liberties of the Magna Carta of 1215, and its reissue in 1297, were only meant for barons and lords, while the vast majority of people were poor, subjugated and dispossessed.
Breakdown of serfdom.
Feudalism had not always been a part of English society, rather than being positively imposed by the monarchs prior to the Norman Invasion. However, from 1348 everything changed as the Black Death swept through Europe, killing a third of the population. People like the poet Geoffrey Chaucer had seen subservience as part of a natural social order, ordained by God. But if landowners had themselves survived the plague, the peasants' labour on the land had become very scarce. Ironically, the surviving peasants were in a greater position of economic power, in claims or bargaining for wages. Feudalism began to break down. First, serfs could undergo "commutation", where the lord simply agreed to accept money rents from tenants instead of labour services. This did not mean freedom itself, but abandoning forced labour and payments in kind to landlords meant the open evidence of servility was concealed. In disputes, royal courts were increasingly biased toward declaring a peasant was free. Second, through an act of manumission lords could voluntarily grant freedom and this was increasingly done, after the plague, if the serf or a relative made a payment of money. Third, the common law stated that if a serf lived on free soil, as in a chartered town or Royal demesne land, for a year and a day, they would become free. The nobility and the King reacted to the rising bargaining power of the peasantry by fixing wages, and violently suppressing any uprisings, like the Peasants' Revolt in 1381. Yet this combination of factors, slowly but surely, meant that by 1485 just one per cent of the population were left in bondage. Formal subservience was increasingly seen as a social scar. In 1523 Justice Anthony Fitzherbert wrote that the remainder of bondmen was "the greatest inconvenience that now is suffred by the lawe."
Feudal tenures.
The elements of feudalism so far existed in England under the Anglo-Saxon and Danish kings as to make it easy to introduce it in full at the Norman Conquest. What the Norman Conquest did was not to change all at once allodial into feudal tenure, but to complete the association of territorial with personal dependence in a state of society already prepared for it. Nulle terre sans seigneur was one of the fundamental axioms of feudalism. There might be any number of infeudations and subinfeudations to mesne lords, but the chain of seigniory was complete, depending in the last resort upon the king as lord paramount. Land was not owned by free owners owing only necessary militia duties to the state, but was held of the king by knight-service. The folkland became the king's land; the soldier was a landowner instead of the landowner being a soldier. Free owners tended to become tenants of the lord, the township to be lost in the manor. The common land became in law the waste of the manor, its enjoyment resting upon a presumed grant by the lord. On the other hand, the whole of England did not become manorial; the conflict between the township and the manor resulted in a compromise, the result of which affects land tenure in England to this day. But it was a compromise much to the advantage of the privileged class, for in England more than in any other country the land law is the law of the nobility and not of the people. One reason of this is that, as England was never so completely feudalized as were some of the European continental states, the burden of feudalism was not so severely felt, and has led to less agitation for reform.
The land forfeited to the Conqueror was re-granted by him to be held by knight-service due to the king, not to the mesne lord as in European continental feudalism. In 1086 at the council of Salisbury all the landholders swore fealty to the crown. In the full vigour of feudalism the inhabitants of England were either free or not free. The free inhabitants held their lands either by free tenure or by a tenure which was originally that of a non-free inhabitant, but attached to land in the possession of a free man. Free tenure was either military tenure, called also tenure in chivalry, or socage (including burgage and petit serjeanty), or frankalmoin, by which ecclesiastical corporations generally held their land. The non-free inhabitants were called in the Domesday Book "servi", "cotarii", or "bordarii," and later "nativi" or "villani," the last name being applied to both free men and serfs. All these were in a more or less dependent condition. The free tenures all exist at the present day, though, as will appear later, the military tenures have shrunk into the unimportant and exceptional tenure of grand serjeanty. The non-free tenures are to a certain extent represented by copyhold. 
The most important difference between the military and socage tenures was the mode of descent. Whether or not a feudal benefice was originally hereditary, it had certainly become so at the time of the Conquest, and it descended to the eldest son. This applied at once in England to land held by knight-service as far as regarded the capital fief. The descent of socage lands or lands other than the capital fief for some time followed the old pre-Conquest rule of descent. Thus in the so-called "Laws of Henry I" The lands other than the capital fief and some socage lands were divided among all the sons equally. But by the time of Henry de Bracton the course of descent of lands held by knight-service had so far prevailed that, though it was a question of fact whether the land was partible or not, if there was no evidence either way descent to the eldest son was presumed. Relics of the old custom still remain in the case of gavelkind. The military tenant was subject to the "feudal incidents", from which the tenant in socage was exempt. These additional fees and obligations were often oppressive. Alienation of lands by will, except in a few favoured districts, became impossible; alienation "inter vivos" was restrained in one direction in the interests of the heir, in another in the interests of the lord. At the time of Glanvill a tenant had a greater power of alienation over land which he had purchased than over land which he had inherited. But by the time of Bracton the heir had ceased to have any interest in either kind of land. The lords were more successful. It was enacted by Magna Carta that a free man should not give or sell so much of his land as to leave an amount insufficient to perform his services to his lord. In spite of this provision, the rights of the lords were continually diminished by subinfeudation until the passing of the Statute of "Quia Emptores." Alienation by a tenant-in-chief of the crown without licence was a ground of forfeiture until 1327, when a fine was substituted. 
The influence of local custom upon the land law must have become weakened after the circuits of the judges of the King's Court were established by Henry II. Jurisdiction over litigation touching the freehold was taken away from the lord's courts in 1392.
The common law as far as it dealt with real estate had in the main assumed its present aspect by the reign of Henry III. The changes which have been made since that date have been chiefly due to the action of equity and legislation, the latter sometimes interpreted by the courts in a manner very different from the intention of parliament. The most important influence of equity has been exercised in mortgage and trusts in the doctrine of specific performance of contracts concerning real estate, and in relief from forfeiture for breach of covenant.
Medieval conveyancing.
The reign of Edward I is notable for three leading statutes, all passed in the interests of the superior lords. The 1279 the Statute of Mortmain was the first of a long series directed against the acquisition of land by religious and charitable corporations. In 1285 the statute "De Donis Conditionalibus" forbade the alienation of estates granted to a man and the heirs of his body, which before the statute usually became on the birth of an heir at once alienable, and so the lord lost his escheat. The statute "Quia Emptores" preserved those rights of the lords which were up to that time subject to be defeated by subinfeudation, by enacting that in any alienation of lands the alienee should hold them of the same lord of the fee as the alienor. Since 1290 it has been impossible to create an estate in fee-simple to be held of a mesne lord, or to reserve a rent upon a grant of an estate in fee (unless in the form of a rent-charge), or to create a new manor. The statute, however, does not bind the crown. The practical effect of the statute was to make the transfer of land thenceforward more of a commercial and less of a feudal transaction. The writ of elegit was introduced by the Statute of Westminster II in 1285 as a creditor's remedy over real estate. It has, however, been considerably modified by subsequent legislation. 
From 1290 to the reign of Henry VIII, there is no statute of the first importance dealing with real estate. The reign of Henry VIII, like that of Edward I, is signalized by three acts, the effects of which continue to this day. The one which has had the most lasting influence in law is the Statute of Uses, intended to provide against secrecy of sales of land. As a necessary sequel, the Statute of Enrollments required all bargains and sales of land be duly enrolled. Bargain and sale was a form of equitable transfer which had for some purposes superseded the common law feoffment. It applied only to estates of inheritance and not to terms of years. The unforeseen effect of the act of 1535, "Enrolment of Bargains of Lands, etc." was to establish as the ordinary form of conveyance until 1841 the conveyance by lease and release. Uses having become legal estate by the Statute of Uses, and therefore no longer devisable, the Statute of Wills (explained by the Wills Act of 1542) was passed to remedy this inconvenience. At least as late as 1911, it remained law as to wills made before 1838.
Reformation.
After feudalism had broken down, and the number of slaves and serfs had dwindled, the law saw more and more people as being formally free from a landlord. However people's factual freedom was still constrained because they had no property themselves. 
Enclosures.
More landlords were enclosing pastures that had been open for commoners to use, and destroying people's houses, especially for sheep farming. The crown, and Lord Chancellors like Sir Thomas More, had opposed this to some extent, with a series of Anti-Enclosure Acts from 1489. These required that any houses destroyed be rebuilt, but if not half the additional profits would go to the Crown. The Crown itself claimed an inherent right to any valuable metals found on land in 1568, and people who had less than four acres of land were prohibited from building homes by the Erection of Cottages Act 1588. The final, formal end of feudal land tenure in England came only after the English Civil War. When the monarchy was restored Parliament ensured with the Tenures Abolition Act 1660 that landlords' obligations of service and military provision were replaced by monetary payments and an annual payment financed by taxation.
Changes in equity.
Over the same period, behind the momentous shifts in land's social significance, legal developments in the law of property revolved around the split between the courts of common law and equity. The courts of common law (the Court of Common Pleas and the Court of the King's Bench) took a strict approach to the rules of title to land, and how many people could have legal interests in land. However, the King had the power to hear petitions and overturn cases of common law. He delegated the hearing of petitions to his Lord Chancellor, whose office grew into a court. During the crusades, landowners who went to fight would transfer title to a person they trusted so that feudal services could be performed and received. But some who survived had returned only to find that the people they entrusted were refusing to transfer title back. They sought justice with the Lord Chancellor, and his Court of Chancery determined that the true "use" or "benefit" of the land did not belong to the person on the title (or the feoffee who held seisin). Unlike the common law judges, the Chancellor held the "cestui que use", the owner in equity, could be a different person, if this is what good conscience dictated. This recognition of a split in English law, between legal and equitable owner, between someone who controlled title and another for whose benefit the land would be used, was the beginning of trust law. It was similarly useful among Franciscan friars, who would transfer title of land to others as they were precluded from holding property by their vows of poverty. Uses or trusts were also employed to avoid the payment of feudal dues. If a person died, the law stated a landlord was entitled to money before the land passed to heir, and the whole property under the doctrine of escheat if there were no heirs. Transferring title to a group of people for common use could ensure this never happened, because if one person died he could be replaced, and it was unlikely for all to die at the same time. King Henry VIII saw that this deprived the Crown of revenue, and so in the Statute of Uses 1535 he attempted to prohibit them, stipulating all land belonged in fact to the "cestui que use". However, when Henry VIII was gone, the Court of Chancery held that it had no application where land was leased. Moreover, the primacy of equity over the common law was reasserted, supported by King James I in 1615, in the "Earl of Oxford’s case". The institution of the use continued, as new sources of revenue from the mercantile exploits in the New World decreased the Crown's reliance on feudal dues. By the early 1700s, the use had formalised into a trust: where land was settled to be held by a trustee, for the benefit of another, the Courts of Chancery recognised the beneficiary as the true owner in equity.
In the reign of Elizabeth the Fraudulent Conveyances Act 1571 and 1584 avoided fraudulent conveyances as against all parties and voluntary conveyances as against subsequent purchasers for valuable consideration. Early in the reign of Charles II the Tenures Abolition Act 1660 turned most feudal tenures into tenure by free and common socage and abolished the feudal incidents. The Statute of Frauds contained provisions that certain leases and assignments, and that all agreements and trusts relating to land, should be in writing. The land registries of Middlesex and Yorkshire date from the reign of Anne. Devises (gifts by will) of land for charitable purposes were forbidden by the Charitable Uses Act of 1735. In the next reign the first general Inclosure Act, the Inclosure (Consolidation) Act 1801, was passed. In the reign of William IV fines and recoveries were abolished and simpler modes of conveyance substituted, and the laws of inheritance and dower were amended. 
Industrial revolution.
Over the 18th century, the law of real property mostly came to a standstill in legislation, but principles continued to develop in the courts of equity, notably under Lord Nottingham (from 1673-1682), Lord King (1725–1733), Lord Hardwicke (1737–1756), Lord Henley (1757–1766), and Lord Eldon (1801-1827). As national and global trade expanded, the power of a new monied class of business men was growing, and the economic and political importance of land was diminishing with it. The moral philosopher and father of economics, Adam Smith, reflected these changes as he argued in "The Wealth of Nations" that landowners position allowed them to extract rents from others in return for very little.
Liberal reforms.
In the 19th century, a growing liberal movement for reform produced three major results. 
Conveyancing and registration.
First, there was increasing pressure to dismantle the privileges of the landed aristocracy. This included the view that all land should be put on a register, so as to ease its ability to be marketed. The Land Transfer Act 1875 introduced a voluntary system, but it was not taken up. After the 1906 general election the new Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Lloyd George, in his People's Budget of 1909 introduced a tax on land to force it onto the market. This provoked a constitutional crisis, as the hereditary House of Lords vetoed it, forcing fresh elections. But the Liberal government was returned and it abolished the Lords right of veto in the Parliament Act 1911. By then, land registration reforms were a minor political issue and only really opposed by solicitors who earned sizeable conveyancing fees. Eventually, the Land Registration Act 1925 required any dealing with property triggered compulsory registration. 
In the reign of Victoria there was a vast mass of legislation dealing with real estate in almost every conceivable aspect. At the immediate beginning of the reign stands the Wills Act 1837. The transfer of real estate was simplified by the Real Property Act of 1845 and by the Conveyancing Acts of 1881 and 1882. Additional powers of dealing with settled estates were given by the Settled Estates Act 1856, later by the Settled Estates Act 1877, and the Settled Land Act 1882. Succession duty was levied for the first time on freeholds in 1853. The strictness of the Mortmain Act was relaxed in favour of gifts and sales to public institutions of various kinds, such as schools, parks and museums. The period of limitation was shortened for most purposes from twenty to twelve years by the Real Property Limitation Act 1874. Several acts were passed dealing with the enfranchisement and commutation of copyholds and the preservation of commons and open spaces. The Naturalization Act 1870 enabled aliens to hold and transfer land in England. The Felony Act 1870, abolished forfeiture of real estate on conviction for felony. The Agricultural Holdings Acts 1883 and 1900, and other acts, gave the tenant of a tenancy within the acts a general right to compensation for improvements, substituted a year's notice to quit for the six months' notice previously necessary, enlarged the tenant's right to fixtures, and limited the amount of distress. By the Intestate Estates Act 1884 the law of escheat was extended to incorporeal hereditaments and equitable estates. Among other subjects which have been dealt with by legislation in the 19th century may be mentioned land transfer, registration, mortgage, partition, excambion, fixtures, taking of land in execution, declaration of title and apportionment.
The Law of Property Act 1925 was meant to reduce the number of legal estates to two, and to make easier the transfer of interests in land.
Court reform.
Second, the Court of Chancery, though it may have mitigated the petty strictnesses of the common law of property, was seen as cumbersome and arcane. It was subjected to ridicule in books like Charles Dickens' "Bleak House" and his fictional case of "Jarndyce v Jarndyce", a Chancery matter that nobody understood and dragged on for years and years. Largely this was because there were only two judges administering equitable principles, so from 1873 to 1875, the common law and equity courts were merged into one hierarchy. Under the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1875, equitable principles would prevail in case of conflict. 
Political reform.
Third, in most counties and boroughs, the ability to vote for Members of Parliament had been tied to possession of property in land. From the Great Reform Act 1832, to the Reform Act 1867, and the Representation of the People Act 1918, the connection between property and the vote was gradually reduced and then abolished. Together with the Parliament Act 1911, a more democratic constitution had emerged, though it was only in 1928 that the voting age for men and women became equal and only in 1948 that the double votes and extra constituencies for students of the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge and London were removed. By the end of the First World War, the power of the old landed aristocracy had largely been broken.
Modern land law.
Over the twentieth century, and following on from the 1925 reforms, land law became increasingly social in character. First, from the Housing Act 1919 and the post war government's policy of building "homes fit for heroes" more and more houses were built, and maintained, by local governments. In private accommodation, new rights were enacted for tenants against their landlords, with some security of tenure and rent regulation, a break on unfettered "freedom of contract". The policy was halted by the Housing Act 1980, which sought to privatise properties by introducing a "right to buy" one's council home. At the same time, rights for tenants, and constraints on rental increases were reduced, albeit that tenants did retain some minima of rights, for example under the Landlord and Tenant Act 1985 and the Protection from Eviction Act 1977. 
Second, property was increasingly used as a source of finance for business, and similarly became source of profit for banks, mortgage lenders and real estate investment trusts. This fact drove changes in the market for mortgage regulation, while the growing financial interest in land tended to conflict with family life. As the UK came closer to gender equality, women as much as men contributed to the purchase of homes, as well as contributing to raising families and children. In 1970, in "Pettitt v Pettitt", Lord Diplock remarked that "the wider employment of married women in industry, commerce and the professions and the emergence of a property-owning, particularly a real-property-mortgaged-to-a-building-society-owning, democracy" had compelled courts to acknowledge contributions to the home and family life as potentially generating proprietary interests. However, if banks sought to repossess homes from people who had defaulted on mortgage repayments, the courts were faced with a choice of whether to prefer those economic interests over social values. The membership of the United Kingdom in the European Convention on Human Rights meant that article 8, on the right to a private and family life, could change the freedom of banks or landlords to evict people, particularly where children's stability and upbringing were at stake, though by the early twenty-first century the case law had remained cautious. 
Third, land use in general was subject to a comprehensive regulatory framework. The old common laws between neighbours, of easements, covenants, nuisance and trespass were largely eclipsed by locally and democratically determined planning laws, environmental regulation, and a framework for use of agricultural resources.
The Land Registration Act 2002 replaced previous legislation governing land registration. , the Act, together with the Land Registration Rules, regulates the role and practice of HM Land Registry.

</doc>
<doc id="18527992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18527992" title="Zmicier Zhylunovich">
Zmicier Zhylunovich

Zmicier Zhylunovich (Belarusian-lacinka: Źmicier Žyłunovič, Belarusian-Cyrillic alphabet: Зьміцер Жылуновіч, transliterated from Russian: "Dmitri Zhilunovich") (October 13, 1887 – April 11, 1937) was a Belarusian poet, writer and journalist, known under pen name Tsishka Hartny (Ciška Hartny, Цішка Гартны), and a political leader.
He was the first head of a Soviet government in Belarus, the Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia.
In 1937, during the Great Purge in the Soviet Union, he was arrested as an "enemy of the Belarusian people" and committed suicide in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="18528020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528020" title="Daniel Colla">
Daniel Colla

Daniel M. Colla (born February 23, 1964) is a retired volleyball player from Argentina, who represented his native country in two Summer Olympics. After having finished in sixth place at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles he was a member of the men's national team that claimed the bronze medal four years later in Seoul, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="18528022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528022" title="Henry Abyngdon">
Henry Abyngdon

Henry Abyngdon, Abingdon or Abington (ca. 1418 – 1 September 1497) was an English ecclesiastic and musician, perhaps the first to receive a university degree in music.
Biography.
He may have been connected with the village of Abington in Cambridgeshire. Our earliest records of him state that he was a member of the household chapel of Duke of Gloucester from 1445 to 1447. He then succeeded John Bernard as "succentor" of Wells Cathedral on 24 November 1447 (holding that post till his death) and was a "canon" from 1458. He was admitted a Bachelor of Music at Cambridge on 22 February 1463, this being the first musical degree recorded at any university. In addition to the succentorship at Wells, Abyngdon held the office of 'Master of the Song' of the Chapel Royal in London, to which he was appointed in May 1465 at an annual salary of forty marks, confirmed to him by a subsequent Act of Parliament in 1473–74. He was also made Master of St. Catherine's Hospital, Bedminster, Bristol, in 1478.
Reputation.
He is said to have been pre-eminent both as a singer and an organist, although none of his works are known to have survived. Two Latin epitaphs on Abyngdon by Sir Thomas More have been preserved. In these he himself is styled "nobilis", and his office in London "cantor". One of them calls him 

</doc>
<doc id="18528027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528027" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gandhinagar">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gandhinagar

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gandhinagar () is an archdiocese located in the city of Gandhinagar in India.
History.
The Archdiocese of Gandhinagar is in reality a mission diocese. The Archdiocese initiated steps for the establishment of Archdiocesan Social Work Office under a new Trust ‘Sabarmati Samruddhi Seva Sangh’ to coordinate the community development projects undertaken in the Archdiocese. The Social Work Office was set up in the Parish House of Gandhinagar.
A campus named “Shantivan” houses the Socio-Pastoral Jivan Vikas Kendra, where Archdiocesan programmes are being conducted. The pending works of the Socio-Pastoral Centre and Archbishop’s House have reached the final stage of construction. The Archbishop’s House, ‘Dharmacharya Niwas’ has been constructed on the same “Shantivan” campus.

</doc>
<doc id="18528033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528033" title="The Act (video game)">
The Act (video game)

The Act is an interactive movie arcade video game originally produced by Cecropia in the United States in 2007. The game is a unique interactive cartoon featuring the hand-drawn art of a number of former Disney animators. It was test marketed in selected locations throughout North America in 2006, and it received generally favorable press coverage. The game was cancelled in late 2007, and Cecropia shut its doors in early 2008. However, the game was later ported to iOS and OSX by React Entertainment and published by Chillingo in June 2012.
Plot.
"The Act" tells the story of Edgar, who works as a window washer at a large hospital. He sees Sylvia, a nurse, through a window and quickly falls in love, but is forced to get back to work when his boss comes out to check up on him. His lazy brother, Wally, climbs through a window into a patient's room and falls asleep in his bed, and is mistakenly taken to an operating room for a brain transplant. In an effort to save his brother, Edgar sneaks into the hospital disguised as a doctor, runs into Sylvia and tries to impress her while taking care of a number of patients.
He eventually runs into his boss, who accidentally chokes on his cigar in surprise, forcing Edgar to save his life by using the Heimlich maneuver. Edgar is forced to reveal his true identity as a simple window washer to Sylvia and is dragged away by a security guard. Seeing his brother about to be operated upon, Edgar breaks into the operating room and quickly takes Wally back to the patient's room, where the correct patient is now waiting for his operation. Edgar and Wally then return to work, but Edgar comes back into the room when he sees Sylvia crying. When he successfully consoles her with a flower, she gives the flower back to him in a sign of acceptance.
Gameplay.
The objective of "The Act" is to guide Edgar through a series of interactive scenes, each of which has a specific goal. The scenes vary in length, style and goal, but the player controls Edgar in each scene by way of a single control knob (or by swiping the touch screen in the iOS versions). In some scenes, the knob controls Edgar's level of boldness as he attempts to flirt with Sylvia or tries to fit in with a crowd, while other scenes control him more directly as he attempts to perform the Heimlich maneuver on his boss or run down a series of narrow hallways while dodging obstacles. In order to succeed, the player must observe the situation and carefully manipulate the knob in order to successfully pull off an act. For example, if Edgar acts too boldly or too shy at the wrong times during the flirting scene, Sylvia will walk off. If the player fails the scene's objective, the scene ends, then quickly rewinds back to the beginning to be played again. The player is given three attempts per credit; The game ends when the player either uses up all of his or her attempts, or successfully completes the last scene.
Development.
"The Act" was originally developed for the coin-op arcade market and was test-marketed in a series of locations in the New England region. Omar Khudari, founder of development company Cecropia, had also discussed the possibility of publishing the game for download to home computers and game consoles. While the game received generally positive press reviews, publisher interest in the game failed to materialize, and the project was cancelled in early 2007. Cecropia later closed its doors in 2008.
Prior to closing, Cecropia auctioned off 10 kits of the game on eBay. The kits used were Intel-powered PCs that featured a custom made JAMMA-to-PC I/O board. Other kits that were produced (40 in total) were given to members of Cecropia's staff. Also two dedicated cabinets were sold to the public, these cabinets having been used to location test the game. Most kits ended up in the hands of private collectors while at least one ended up in an arcade in Utah.
In August 2011, the game's official website was updated with mentions of "Cecropia" changed to "React Entertainment" and the "About The Act" page described it as a game for PC and mobile devices rather than as an arcade game. In March 2012, React Entertainment announced that the game would be published by Chillingo, and shortly would be released for iPhone, iPad, and Mac, and it was finally released in June 21, 2012.
On February 7, 2012 React Entertainment released a further version of the game, "The Act: Arcade" which allowed the first scene to be played for free.
Reception.
GamesRadar listed the game first in their "Top 7 Most Beautifully Animated 2D Games" feature.

</doc>
<doc id="18528034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528034" title="Sergio Valdés">
Sergio Valdés

Sergio Valdés (born 17 September 1978) is a Chilean rugby union footballer. He plays as a lock.
He moved to France, where he has been playing for Stade Aurillacois, Racing Métro 92 (2005-2007), FC Auch (2007-2011), Section Paloise (2011-2013) and SU Agen since 2013.
Valdes is an international player for Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="18528039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528039" title="Tortoise Protection Group">
Tortoise Protection Group

The Tortoise Protection Group (TPG) is a non-profit organisation founded January 2007 with the aim of stopping the importation of tortoises into the UK for the commercial pet trade, and to promote high standards of husbandry in tortoise keeping. The mission of the Tortoise Protection Group is to help ensure the survival of tortoises in the wild and to promote high standards of husbandry for tortoise keepers in the UK. Over the last year, it has been working closely with members of Parliament and various charities to bring about a change in legislation, with a petition enlisting thousands of signatures. 
It aims to increase public awareness of the conditions under which tortoises are brought into the UK for the pet trade. Various strategies are utilised, including petitioning the government for a ban on the importation of tortoises bound for the UK commercial market. In addition, the TPG provides information and guidance on the best methods of tortoise husbandry for many species of tortoises and provides detailed care sheets on the website for many different species of tortoises.
The Tortoise Protection Group aims to inform the general public of the licensing requirements to help stop the illegal trade continuing and reduce the taking of tortoises from their natural environment. It aims to encourage DEFRA to work more closely with the wholesalers and retailers and the general public to tighten up the licensing regulations and to ensure that those that continue to illegally trade in tortoises are prosecuted.
History.
The TPG was initially set up in 2007 by a group of experienced tortoise keepers with the main aim or preventing tortoise importation to the United Kingdom from other countries such as Slovenia; a trade which has restarted.
The Shellshock campaign of 2004/2005 followed on the heels of the TRAFFIC Report for DEFRA (2002) and this campaign was the main incentive for the Tortoise Protection Group initiative and launch on 5 January 2007. The campaign partly involved the raising of public awareness of the threats which are faced by many species of tortoise to their continued survival in the wild. The campaign also highlighted the fact that endangered, and therefore protected, species are still being illegally caught for the pet trade too (Shellshock, the EAZA Turtle and Tortoise Campaign 2004/2005).
It was from this that the Tortoise Protection Group formulated aims with the focus being to campaign for a ban on the importation of tortoises into the UK for the pet trade. The Tortoise Protection Group encourages people in the UK to buy tortoises which have been bred in the UK by true, reputable breeders.
Current events.
The TPG now has its website launched and is participating in numerous animal welfare events scheduled nationally in the United Kingdom. It is also aiding fellow animal welfare organisations in the fight against Tesco selling live turtles in its stores and campaigning against internet tortoise dealers as well as numerous other campaigns.

</doc>
<doc id="18528045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528045" title="Thrypticus">
Thrypticus

Thrypticus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae. At least two species are known to be leaf miners: "T. bellus" and "T. smaragdinus".

</doc>
<doc id="18528067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528067" title="Great Ohio Bicycle Adventure">
Great Ohio Bicycle Adventure

The Great Ohio Bicycle Adventure (GOBA) is a week-long bicycle tour. Each year it features a different part of Ohio. The tour averages 50 miles each day. As with other bicycle tours, GOBA is not a race. There is plenty of time to complete the each day's ride as well as stopping at the tourist destinations along the route. One of the things that makes this bicycle tour significant is that it has been around since 1989. The tour has grown to accommodate 3000 riders who visit from around the world. GOBA is primarily a tent camping tour but trucks deliver riders' bags to the designated campgrounds. Typical campgrounds are fairgrounds, schools and parks. When GOBA arrives in a host town, the red carpet is rolled out with entertainment and food. Unlike other tours like RAGBRAI, SAGBRAW or BRAG, GOBA ends its route in the first day's departure city.
Since 1993, there have been "layover days", where you can take an optional loop or stay in that city. There used to be only one, but now there are 2.
GOBA is a project of Columbus Outdoor Pursuits (COP), a volunteer-based organization that provides opportunities and education for outdoor recreation.

</doc>
<doc id="18528073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528073" title="Hugo Conte">
Hugo Conte

Hugo Néstor Conte (born April 14, 1963) is a volleyball coach and retired player from Argentina, who represented his native country in three Summer Olympics. He was born at Buenos Aires. He currently coaches Volley Cavriago in Italy.
After having finished in sixth place at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles Conte was a member of the men's national team that claimed the bronze medal four years later in Seoul, South Korea. Twelve years later he was on the squad ending up in fourth place at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
With Italian Santal Parma, he won the 1984 European Champions League. 
Hugo's son, Facundo is also an international volleyball player.

</doc>
<doc id="18528098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528098" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hyderabad">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hyderabad

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hyderabad () is an archdiocese located in the city of Hyderabad in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18528102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528102" title="Monastery of Fitero">
Monastery of Fitero

The Monastery of Fitero () is a Cistercian monastery located at Fitero, Navarre, Spain, on the banks of the Alhama River.
It was founded, on a different site, in 1141 as part of the Cistercian expansion into Spain from the center at Escaladieu Abbey, and moved to Fitero in 1152. Durand (Durandus, Durando) was its first abbot, followed by St. Raymond of Fitero, who later founded the Order of Calatrava.

</doc>
<doc id="18528105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528105" title="Ron Trent">
Ron Trent

Ronald "Ron" Trent (born May 23, 1973) is an American house music DJ and record producer.
Early life.
Trent was born in Chicago, Illinois. His father was a disco DJ.
Career.
After experimenting with beat machines and a small keyboard in 1986, he began recording the track "Altered States" while still in high school. He released it on Armando's Warehouse Records in 1990. The track became a club hit among devotees of techno, despite Trent's grounding in the Chicago house scene. He then began working with Detroit producers such as Chez Damier, with whom he issued several singles before co-founding the label Prescription Records in 1993. They also worked with Berlin-based producer Maurizio.
Later in the 1990s, he moved to Brooklyn and put together a collaboration known as Urban Sound Gallery, or USG. He also worked with Anthony Nicholson there. He returned to Chicago in the 2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="18528107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528107" title="Pietro Maria Gazzaniga">
Pietro Maria Gazzaniga

Pietro Maria Gazzaniga (b. at Bergamo, Italy, 3 March 1722; d. at Vicenza, 11 December 1799) was an Italian Dominican theologian.
Life.
At a very early age he entered the Order of St. Dominic, and studied the various branches of ecclesiastical sciences, especially philosophy and theology. He was then, despite his youth, appointed to teach philosophy and church history, first in the various houses of his order and later at the University of Bologna. 
The University of Vienna had in 1760 a vacancy for the chair of dogmatic theology, which had been assigned exclusively to members of the Dominican Order. The Empress Maria Theresa appealed to Gazzaniga's superiors to have him transferred. At his feet sat the Empress herself, Cardinal Migazzi, and Garampi; and Pope Pius VI, during his sojourn in Vienna, attended his lectures. After twenty years he returned to Italy, where he continued to lecture in various places until his death.
Works.
In theology Gazzaniga was a leading defender and exponent of the Thomistic school during the eighteenth century. By strict adherence to the traditional teaching of his school, he set himself against the spirit of his age, which sought to modernize and to conduct all theological schools of Austria on plans designed to render them more independent of ecclesiastical and royal authority. He succeeded in winning over to his cause Simon Rock, till then an associate of Gerard van Swieten, the promoter of the Jansenist spirit in Austria, and with his assistance restored Thomism in the schools. His fidelity to Aquinas likewise rendered him very bitter against Molinism; so much so, in fact, that he succeeded in persuading Gomarist Calvinists, as against the Arminians, to subscribe to the Thomistic doctrine of predestination and reprobation (ad sanam Thomistarum de predestinations et reprobatione doctrinam descenderunt, Proelect., vol. II, diss. 6, n. 242). 
His principal work, the "Praelectiones theologicae habitae in vindobonensi universitate, nunc vero alio methodo dispositae, emendatae et auctae", went through many editions (9 vols., Bologna, 1788–1793; Bassani, 1831).

</doc>
<doc id="18528108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528108" title="Social interface">
Social interface

Social interface is a concept from social science (particularly, sociology of technology). It can be approached from a theoretical or a practical perspective.
As a concept of social interface theory, social interface is defined by Norman Long (1989, 2001). In 2001 his revised definition was:
In other words, interfaces are the areas in which social friction can be experienced and where diffusion of new technology is leading to structural discontinuities (which can be both positive or negative), the interface is where they will occur. Long continues to say that:
Identifying these interfaces and analyzing their effects shows how they are changed by everyday life, and how in return everyday life is changed by the interfaces.
As practical concept of social interface design, social interface is seen in the studies of human-computer interaction (in particular, its computer interface aspect). The basic thesis is that where a computer interface is more akin to another human, it can facilitate correct responses from users during human-to-computer interaction. Software that can provide such humanizing cues often does it by creating interface with human-like quality (such as giving recognizable gender to a software agent).

</doc>
<doc id="18528117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528117" title="The Land Report">
The Land Report

The Land Report is a quarterly American magazine that focuses on topics of interest to those who own or seek to own or invest in land. 
In addition to its subscriber base, "The Land Report" is mailed to The Land Report 100, Forbes' list of the World's 400 Billionaires, the 100 Top CEOs Under 40, sports franchise owners in the U.S. and Britain, a select group of brokers, agents and landowners, business managers and attorneys for celebrities and sports stars. The magazine is also mailed to every member of Congress, their district offices and all 50 state governors.
First published in April 2007, it bills itself as “The Magazine of the American Landowner.” In its first year, it was recognized as one of the 15 hottest launches in American media by Samir Husni. The magazine is best known for The Land Report 100, its annual list of America’s largest private landowners. 
Numerous high-profile landowners have been featured in the print edition of The Land Report, including Tom Brokaw, Francis Ford Coppola, Harrison Ford, Jill Rappaport, Nolan Ryan and Clint Eastwood.
The magazine’s website, www.LandReport.com, features webcasts of many interviews from the print version, including Tom Brokaw, Francis Ford Coppola and Nolan Ryan. 
Content at LandReport.com is regularly updated and can also be accessed via the magazine’s Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn sites.
Eric O’Keefe is editor-in-chief, and Eddie Lee Rider Jr. the publisher. The magazine is published by Land Report LLC in Dallas, Texas, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="18528132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528132" title="Rudolf Montecuccoli">
Rudolf Montecuccoli

Overview.
Montecuccoli was born in Modena in 1843, a descendant of the famous imperial "Feldmarschall", Raimondo Montecuccoli (1609–1680). Raimondo Montecuccoli's only son died in 1698, but the title of count descended through his daughters to two lines, Austrian and Modenese.
When Rudolf Graf Montecuccoli was born, Modena was still an Austrian Habsburg possession, ruled by the house of Austria-Este. During the 1859 Italian campaign, however, the last Habsburg Duke of Modena, Francesco V, fled to Austria following the Austrian defeat at Magenta (4 June). Italian patriots seized control, demanding union with the Kingdom of Sardinia. This was confirmed by plebiscite in March 1860, and at the age of 17 Montecuccoli saw his birthplace and ancestral home pass under what he considered a foreign sovereignty. (A year later, Modena became part of the Kingdom of Italy.)
Educated as a naval officer, Montecuccoli was little known outside the Austro-Hungarian naval establishment before his appointment as "Marinekommandant" (Navy Commander) and "Chef der Marinesektion" (Chief of the Naval Section of the War Ministry in October 1904, upon the resignation of Hermann von Spaun.
Montecuccoli found his efforts to modernize the fleet impeded by chronic domestic political friction in the annual budget debate of the Reichstag, which was composed of 60-member delegations from the Austrian and Hungarian parliaments. Faced with Italian plans to build a dreadnought battleship, Montecuccoli on 20 February 1908 announced Austria-Hungary's intention to build such vessels. The design was accepted on 27 April 1909; Montecuccoli thought the necessary funds could be obtained in the 1910 budget, to be debated in October 1909. He suggested that Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino (STT) and Škoda should begin construction of the ships and guns on their own account until the naval budget was adopted.
When the time came, the Reichstag denied the funds for domestic political reasons. Montecuccoli was compelled to resort to an intricate web of propaganda and deception to camouflage the fact that the new ships did not have Reichstag approval. He asserted that industry was financing the construction of two dreadnoughts on speculation; this was completely untrue, and both STT and Skoda were extremely nervous about the subterfuge. In the event, and could not be laid down until after Montecuccoli took an expensive 32 million crown credit in 1910 upon his own responsibility. By that time Italy had launched and laid down three more dreadnoughts, and France had laid down , her first.
The first Austro-Hungarian dreadnoughts were thus already under construction when the Reichstag delegations met in March 1911 to consider the 1911 budget. "Viribus Unitis" and "Tegetthoff" were authorized retroactively by the deputies, who also sanctioned construction of and . Approval of these two later ships was calculated to keep the balance between the Austrian and Hungarian parts of the Dual Monarchy. Only one went to the Austrian-owned STT, the other going to the Hungarian Danubius Yard at Hungarian-controlled Fiume, and the two ships' names carefully chosen to reflect, respectively, Austrian and Hungarian national pride. 
Montecuccoli retired as head of the naval administration on his 70th birthday, 22 February 1913, and was succeeded by Anton Haus. The Austro-Hungarian fleet, so arduously modernized by Montecuccoli and maintained in wartime by Haus as a 'fleet in being', was parcelled out among the victorious powers after 1918. 
Montecuccoli died in Baden-bei-Wien in 1922, at the age of 79.

</doc>
<doc id="18528137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528137" title="A Costa da Morte">
A Costa da Morte

A Costa da Morte is a 2007 Mägo de Oz album.
The Spanish Death Coast is called a Costa da Morte in the Galician language.

</doc>
<doc id="18528140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528140" title="Jason Ruta">
Jason Ruta

Jason Ruta (born August 7, 1979 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian television personality and actor.
Ruta first came to prominence as a participant in the second season of "". The show followed the lives of eight Canadians living and working in a fully wired loft TV studio, producing and hosting shows. Unlike season one's Mathieu Chantelois, who was openly gay from the very beginning of his time on the show, Ruta came out as gay "during" his time in the loft. He hosted the Gemini-nominated magazine series "So Gay TV" for U8TV and PrideVision, but later left "The Lofters" after being voted out by viewers.
From 2000 to 2006, Ruta was employed by Corus Entertainment in various roles, including for CMT Canada, YTV and as a radio DJ for CING-FM in Hamilton.
Ruta later returned to television in 2007, joining E! Canada as co-host, with fellow "U8TV" alumna Arisa Cox, of "E! News Weekend". The show was cancelled in 2009 when E! Canada's original incarnation was shut down after Canwest Media filed for bankruptcy.
Also in 2013 he will narrate season 2 of the HGTV Canada travel series "Live Here, Buy This".
Acting.
In 2012, Ruta appeared as an actor in episode 20 of the TV series "The Firm". In 2013 he played Robert Johnson in episode 6 ("Gabby Gabreski") of the Cineflix produced series "Air Aces".

</doc>
<doc id="18528156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528156" title="Juan Cuminetti">
Juan Cuminetti

Juan Carlos Cuminetti (born May 27, 1967) is a retired volleyball player from Argentina. He was a member of the men's national team that claimed the bronze medal four years later in Seoul, South Korea, wearing the number #11 jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="18528180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528180" title="Amateur radio licence categories in India">
Amateur radio licence categories in India

The 1978 regulations established five categories of Amateur radio licence in India. The regulations were revised in 2009 and now only two categories are issued. 
Categories in 1978.
The Indian Wireless Telegraphs (Amateur Service) Rules, 1978 listed five licence categories:
To obtain a licence in the first four categories, candidates had to pass the Amateur Station Operator's Certificate examination. This examination is held monthly in Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai, every two months in Ahmedabad, Nagpur and Hyderabad, and every four months in some smaller cities. The examination consists of two 50-mark written sections: Radio theory and practice, Regulations; and a practical test consisting of a demonstration of Morse code proficiency in both sending and receiving. After passing the examination, the candidate must then clear Local Police and Central Home Department verification. After clearance, the WPC grants the licence along with the user-chosen call sign (if available). This procedure on an average takes 12 months.
Grade II Restricted and Grade II are now merged with Restricted Grade since 13 August 2010. Grade 1 and Advance Grade have been merged with General Grade. 
2005 and 2009 Amendments.
In a 2005 notification, the WPC proposed an amendment to the 1978 Amateur Service Rules in the rationalization of the licence categories to only two: the Amateur Wireless Telegraph Station Licence (General) and the Amateur Wireless Telegraph Station Licence (Restricted). 
The Indian Wireless Telegraph (Amateur Service) Rules, 2009 lists two licence categories:
By the 2009 Amendment, Licences can be renewed up to twenty years for a fee of Rs.1000/- and lifelong for Rs.2000/-
To obtain a licence, candidates must clear the Amateur Station Operator's Certificate exam, held monthly at the four metropolitan cities (Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai), and quarterly in other smaller towns. The exam consists of two 100-mark written sections: Radio theory and practice, Regulations; and a practical consisting of demonstration of Morse proficiency (sending and receiving).

</doc>
<doc id="18528184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528184" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Imphal">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Imphal

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Imphal () is an archdiocese located in the city of Imphal in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18528195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528195" title="Contact North">
Contact North

Contact North | Contact Nord () is Ontario's distance education and training network with 112 online learning centres that span the more than one million square kilometres that make up Ontario. The network partners with Ontario’s 24 public colleges, 22 public universities and 250 public literacy and essential skills and training providers to help Ontarians in over 600 communities across the province participate in education and training opportunities without leaving their own community.
The organization’s student portal [www.studyonline.ca] helps students and prospective students across the province find information on more than 18,000 online courses and more than 1,000 online programs offered by Ontario’s public colleges and universities.
Contact North | Contact Nord also acts as an advocate, catalyst and facilitator of innovation in online and distance learning.
History.
In 1986, Contact North | Contact Nord was established by the Ontario government to provide fully bilingual access to courses and programs offered by colleges, universities and high schools to residents of Ontario's northern communities. Contact North | Contact Nord remains primarily funded by the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities.
In 1992, through funding from the Ministry of Northern Development and Mines, almost every secondary school in Northern Ontario was equipped with Contact North audiographic teleconferencing equipment. This equipment gave all schools electronic access to more than 100 other schools in communities across Northern Ontario and beyond. It also allowed high school students a chance to tour museums, galleries, and other organizations electronically, which the student would not otherwise get a chance to visit. Some of these places include Art Gallery of Ontario, located in Toronto, and the Royal Canadian Mint in Ottawa.
In 2007, the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities announced the launch of a distance education network to provide access to post-secondary education opportunities for residents of small and rural communities across Southern Ontario. The new network was developed to operate under a model similar to Contact North, and Contact North was asked to help in facilitating the startup of the project. Originally called the Eastern and Southern Ontario Distance and Education Network, the new network became elearnnetwork.ca.
In the fall of 2009 Contact North | Contact Nord unveiled elearntube.ca as a video-sharing website for partnered colleges and universities to post media.
In the 2010-2011 academic year, Contact North | Contact Nord recorded a 16.8% increase in registrations and supported a total of 33,803 registrations in college, university, secondary school, literacy courses and training sessions.
In the 2012-2013 academic year, Contact North | Contact Nord recorded an 11.2% increase (as compared to 2011-2012) in the number of registrations generated and/or supported to a total of 39,115 registrations in courses from Ontario’s 24 public colleges, 22 public universities, over 250 literacy and essential (basic – recommend deleting) skills organizations, school boards and other training providers.
International partnerships.
Contact North ǀ Contact North has developed working partnerships with:
National and international awards.
National and international awards
Education and training partners.
Contact North works with 44 colleges and universities across Ontario. Through a combination of audioconference, videoconference and e-learning technologies, students access programs and courses offered by these partner institutions at its online learning centres. Contact North also supports the delivery of fully online courses by these institutions through a variety of support services to students of these institutions.
Online learning centres.
Contact North | Contact Nord's online learning centres serve over 600 small, rural, remote, Aboriginal and Francophone communities across the province of Ontario. Each centre has staff who can assist students with the technology or with registering for courses. All centres are equipped with computer workstations, Internet, e-learning, audio conferencing, video conferencing (limited number of communities where this is not available) and web conferencing capabilities.
Online learning centres are located in the following communities:
Web portals.
Contact North | Contact Nord offers three web portals to support students and prospective students and faculty and instructors at Ontario’s public education and training providers.
The Ontario Online Learning Portal for Students (established in 2007) provides 24/7 direct access to information for students and prospective students on more than 18,000 online courses and more than 1,000 online programs from Ontario’s public colleges, universities, school boards, literacy and training providers as well as information about student support services including academic counselling, financial aid and library services. There are also fifty student profiles provided that share the challenges and success of studying at a distance. The Student Portal receives an average of 25,000 unique visits per month.
The e-Channel Portal (established in 2007) provides 24/7 direct access to information and resources on available literacy and basic skills training for Ontarians. The e-Channel Portal receives an average of 1,800 unique visits per month.
The Ontario Online Learning Portal for Faculty & Instructors (established in 2011) provides faculty and instructors up-to-date information on the latest trends, developments, emerging technologies and information on teaching at a distance and online. The Faculty & Instructor Portal receives an average of 14,000 unique visits per month.
Contact North | Contact Nord also distributes a weekly e-newsletter, Online Learning News, focusing on emerging trends and directions and new developments in online learning. Online Learning News is distributed to 9,000individuals worldwide including faculty and instructors, technology experts, instructional designers, administrators and policy-makers in the education and training sector.
Governance.
Contact North is governed by a volunteer Board of Directors composed of members that:
Board of Directors
President and Chief Executive Officer:

</doc>
<doc id="18528199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528199" title="A Man and His Soul">
A Man and His Soul

A Man and His Soul is a 1967 compilation of studio and live performances by Ray Charles. The LP version includes an album size booklet containing biographical information, photos, and details on his recordings.
Track listing.
Side 1
Side 2
Side 3
Side 4

</doc>
<doc id="18528214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528214" title="Hoke v. United States">
Hoke v. United States

Hoke v. United States, 227 U.S. 308 (1913), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which held that the United States Congress could not regulate prostitution "per se", as that was strictly the province of the states. Congress could, however, regulate interstate travel for purposes of prostitution or “immoral purposes.” It upheld the Mann Act.

</doc>
<doc id="18528215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528215" title="Diamond Lights">
Diamond Lights

"Diamond Lights" is a 1987 single by footballers Glenn Hoddle and Chris Waddle, released under their first names, "Glenn & Chris". The song, by the then-Tottenham Hotspur and England team-mates, reached number 12 in the UK Singles Chart in May 1987 and was by far the more successful of two chart releases for the duo. Despite its success, public opinion of the record's quality has been decidedly negative with the pair's television performance of the song being widely ridiculed.
Background.
Chris Waddle recalls the single coming about following an appearance two of them made for their personal sponsors, Budget Rent a Car, at an annual company awards ceremony. Hoddle and Waddle attempted an impromptu karaoke performance which was praised by a friend with connections in the music industry who was able to introduce the duo to Bob Puzey. Puzey, whose writing credits included "I'm in the Mood for Dancing" by The Nolan Sisters and "Soul Rock" by Billy Ocean, auditioned the pair and agreed to write and co-produce a single for them. The "diamond lights" of the title are reportedly a reference to the floodlights commonly in use in football stadia.
Release.
Written by Bob Puzey and co-produced by Puzey and Terry Hobart, "Diamond Lights" debuted in the UK Singles Chart at number 30 on 18 April 1987. It spent 8 weeks in the chart, climbing to a peak position of 12 on 2 May.
Television performance.
The duo's live performance of the song on the widely-watched music programme "Top of the Pops" is often referred to as one of popular music's most embarrassing moments. One journalist described it as "... truly awful dad dancing and shocking lyrics" while another opined, "A timeless classic for all the wrong reasons ... You get the feeling that Waddle was rightly embarrassed to be there while Hoddle genuinely felt he was at the start of something big." Chris Waddle later remembered the "Top of the Pops" performance as "the most nerve-racking thing ever done" and stated that the duo had to appear on the programme in person as the producers had refused to air the accompanying music video because "[it was so bad." In contrast, Hoddle recalled the appearance in a positive light, referred to it as "One of the greatest things I ever did ... I'm glad I did it and I learnt a lot from it."
Follow-up single and legacy.
Glenn & Chris recorded and shot the music video for a follow-up single entitled "It's Goodbye" but promotion for the release was hampered by Hoddle's transfer to AS Monaco and the song subsequently only reached 92 in the British chart. Waddle later recorded a song titled "We've Got A Feeling" with Olympique de Marseille team-mate Basile Boli which he claims topped the Albanian music charts. The success of "Diamond Lights" inspired another Tottenham and England midfielder, Paul Gascoigne, to release his own single, "Fog on the Tyne (Revisited)" in 1990.
"Diamond Lights" is still remembered with amusement for its perceived kitsch, referred to by a journalist as "... pure cheese and fashion atrocity that retains its Premier League status 22 years on", and has featured prominently in popular polls to discover the worst pop song ever. In 1997, when interviewing Hoddle for the position of manager of the England national team, FA chief executive Graham Kelly reportedly asked him, "Any skeletons in the closet?" before quipping, "apart from that record with Chris Waddle?"

</doc>
<doc id="18528227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528227" title="Badmeaningood Vol.4">
Badmeaningood Vol.4

Badmeaningood Vol.4 is a compilation of tracks chosen and mixed by British turntablists Scratch Perverts. The album was released by Ultimate Dilemma, an independent record label which was part of the NewsCorp Music Group before it was absorbed into A&E Records in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18528242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528242" title="Sonic and the Black Knight">
Sonic and the Black Knight

"Sonic and the Black Knight" was de-listed in 2010, following on from Sega's decision to remove all Sonic titles with average Metacritic scores from retail stores in order to increase the value of the brand after positive reviews for "" and "Sonic Colors".
Gameplay.
"Sonic and the Black Knight" was first revealed at Nintendo's pre-Tokyo Game Show (TGS) 2008 press conference. Developer Sonic Team, a subsidiary of publisher Sega, decided to focus on combat and cinematic presentation for the game rather than the level design-oriented "Sonic Unleashed". Gameplay for "Sonic and the Black Knight" differs from traditional games in the "Sonic" series by mixing in the new element of swordplay with the traditional "Sonic" platforming and speed. Swordplay is implemented through the Wii Remote. Gameplay is more similar to "Sonic Unleashed" than "Sonic and the Secret Rings"; Sonic's movement is controlled with the analog stick as he is on a set course, and gameplay is mainly 3D.
The stages feature townspeople that the player can harm and some that Sonic can interact with; these actions and the player's deeds will be judged at the end of each stage, updating his "knight ranking" accordingly. By interacting with these characters the player may do a quick-time button input. Doing so correctly will take away twenty of Sonic's rings and give them to the towns person, and in return, he shall receive a gift at the end of the stage. In some stages, it is required to give a specific amount of rings to townspeople before reaching the goal. In stages where this is not required the townsperson will reward Sonic with an item. There are 242 items in the game, some of which can be gained by opening treasure chests in the stages. Any items collected during a stage must be identified at the end of the stage by using Sonic's "ID points". Rarer items cost more ID points than others. An online mode allows treasures to be traded between registered friends.
The game changes the traditional level items, such as springs and speed pads, into "fairies." These fairies come in varying colors; Yellow elements will be used as a group of one to twenty rings, Blue fairies will be used as speed boosts and springs, and Red will be used to fill the "Soul gauge." This gauge is filled by defeating enemies and collecting Red Fairies, and is used to unleash a powerful lock-on attack, Soul Surge. On only the first few stages, the "pearls" from the previous game, "Sonic and the Secret Rings", appear as apples.
The skill system from "Sonic and the Secret Rings" also returns, but has been revised to adjust any problems that were present in that game: the skill system is also designed so as not to interfere with the game's tempo. Each playable character has three styles to choose from. At first, only the balanced "Knight" style is available, but later, "Cavalier" and "Paladin" styles are unlocked. They deal with the aspects of speed and power, respectively. As levels are completed, the player gains a number of "Followers" that is used as Experience and as the number of followers goes up, the number of skills the player has in a certain style are increased. The "styles" of characters beside Sonic are not increased; Rather, their swords' abilities and skills are enhanced.
Once the "Knight's Quest" part of the story is reached, Sir Gawain (Knuckles), Sir Lancelot (Shadow), and Sir Percival (Blaze) will be playable from that point on. Each has their own characteristics; for instance, Knuckles wields dual swords that double as boomerangs and has the ability to glide, Blaze can surround herself with fire and use more lunge attacks than Sonic, and Shadow can use Chaos Powers. In story mode, they can use different swords than their own swords, unlike Sonic, who can only wield Caliburn.
Multiplayer.
Up to four players can play, choosing between one of 12 characters to partake in a number of different kinds of battles. Characters include Sonic, Lancelot (Shadow), Gawain (Knuckles), Percival (Blaze), Blacksmith (Tails), Amy Rose (Original), Galahad (Silver), Lamorack (Jet), regular Shadow, regular Knuckles, regular Blaze, and King Arthur.
Plot.
A sorceress named Merlina, granddaughter of the original Merlin, summons Sonic to help free the mystical realm of King Arthur, who has been possessed by an unknown evil that comes from Excalibur's scabbard, and is now ruling the realm as the tyrannical Black Knight. Sonic's speed alone will not end The Black Knight's reign, so he must take up the talking sword, Caliburn, in order to break Arthur's curse and save the kingdom. Sonic must also collect the blades of King Arthur's Knights of the Round Table and Excalibur itself if he is to restore King Arthur's sanity and return him to a benevolent ruler. Sonic is assisted in his travels by a kind blacksmith and the legendary Lady of the Lake. Facing dragons, King Arthur's warriors from the Underworld and the Knights of the Round Table (who bear similarities to Shadow the Hedgehog, Knuckles the Echidna, and Blaze the Cat), Sonic collects the blades and enters a showdown against the Black Knight. However, when the dust settles, it is revealed that King Arthur was merely an illusion, and that Merlina was using Sonic as part of her plan to become the all-powerful Dark Queen and prevent the kingdom's ruinous future by casting magic to make the kingdom last forever, but Sonic realizes that such a world would never work out and fights her, but Caliburn is destroyed and Sonic takes a severe beating the first time. Sonic's resolve to stop the witch, however, is great, and with this resolve (as well as the Knights' blades), Caliburn is restored and revealed to be the true Excalibur and Sonic is turned into Excalibur-Sonic (an armored variation of Super Sonic). With their new power, they fight Merlina and defeat her. After the battle, Sonic convinces Merlina that, while every world has to come to an end, what matters is that everyone should live their lives to the fullest until that day comes. With the fight over, the Knights of the Round Table are about to disband (due to King Arthur being nothing but an illusion), but Caliburn reminds them that he is the one who chooses the king, who is Sonic, playing the role of the "real" King Arthur all along. After the credits, Sonic tries to tell Amy of his adventure, but she perceives it as an excuse for forgetting about their proposed date. The game ends in a fashion similar to "Sonic and the Secret Rings", with the book "King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table" changing to "Sonic and the Black Knight".
Music.
"Face to Faith" is the official vocal songs soundtrack for the video game "Sonic and the Black Knight" that was released on April 8, 2009 in Sega Direct Stores in Japan. It features five vocal tracks that were featured in the game, with "Seven Rings in Hand ~Fairytales in Trance~" by Bentley Jones and "With Me ~Massive Power Mix~" by Crush 40 as brand new bonus tracks created especially for the album.
"Tales of Knighthood: Sonic and the Black Knight Original Soundtrax" is the licensed soundtrack of the 2009 video game Sonic and the Black Knight. It was released by Wave Music Entertainment on April 8, 2009 in Japan's Sega Direct Stores only.
Molten Mine's background music is a rearranged version of the "Action Theme" from Black Dawn, an old (and completely unrelated to the Sonic universe) PlayStation and Sega Saturn videogame released in 1996. The music itself was originally made by Tommy Tallarico.
Reception.
"Sonic and the Black Knight" has received mixed reviews from critics. It received a score of 55.19% on GameRankings and 54/100 on Metacritic. The game entered the Japanese sales chart at thirtieth place, and the North American Wii charts at tenth.
IGN gave the game a 3.9/10, praising the game's visuals and the overall presentation, but went on to state that the gameplay was "broken" and cited the controls as "unresponsive". Famitsu gave the game a 26/40, composed of two sevens and two sixes. GameDaily gave the game a 7/10, citing that "repetitive combat, easy missions and limited controls keep it from greatness," but acknowledged its "attractive presentation, decent combat and bonus content."
The British Official Nintendo Magazine gave the game 78%, praising the games visuals and soundtrack, but criticizing the sword play mechanics and multiplayer element. GameSpot also notes that while the sword is useful slashing through enemies, there is a noticeable delay from the time swinging the Wii Remote and the time Sonic actually swings.
The game was voted the Worst Wii Game of 2009 by the ScrewAttack community.

</doc>
<doc id="18528273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528273" title="14 cm Minenwerfer M 15">
14 cm Minenwerfer M 15

The 14 cm Minenwerfer M 15 was a medium mortar used by Austria-Hungary in World War I. It was developed by Škoda Works as an alternative to a German design from Rheinische Metallwarenfabrik/Ehrhardt for which ammunition could not be procured. It was a rigid-recoil, rifled, muzzle-loading weapon that had to be levered around to aim at new targets. It was lifted onto a two-wheel cart for transport.
The M 16 version added a central barrel ring and cutouts on the side of the carriage. Rotation within the barrel was improved, greatly increasing accuracy. It weighed an extra , but had a maximum range of . Its transport cart was also improved.
The first batch of 100 mortars was ordered in May 1915 and a second batch in spring 1916, but deliveries were slow; only 88 of the second batch could be sent to the front by May 1916. A third batch of 300 was ordered in November 1916, but production was such that only 30 had been delivered by the spring of 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="18528286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528286" title="Stacey Pullen">
Stacey Pullen

Stacey Pullen is an American techno musician based in Detroit.
Pullen was raised in Detroit, where he became interested in electronic music early in his life. He began working on the Detroit techno scene in 1990, studying with Derrick May and working with him on business ventures. He used the aliases Bango, Kosmik Messenger, X-Stacy and Silent Phase. Pullen's incorporation of house and garage with techno has been cited as an influence on later electronic artists.

</doc>
<doc id="18528288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528288" title="Waldo Kantor">
Waldo Kantor

Wáldo Ariel Kantor (born January 11, 1960) is a retired volleyball player from Argentina, who represented his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California and the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. In Seoul, Kantor won the bronze medal with the men's national team.
He started played soccer at All Boys, and then decided to play volleyball at IL Peretz from Villa Lynch. He was also a great chinchon player, and also a knew how to make goods asados. 
With Ferro Carril Oeste he obtained the Morgan Cup of 1979, and the national championships of 1980 and 1981.
Kantor received 2 Konex Awards volleyball merit diplomas (1990 and 2000)
After retirement, he became a successful coach with Argentine first division Bolivar Buenos Aires, winning the 2007/2008 championship. He also played at Mendele from Loma Hermosa, where he defeated different teams from the area, such as villa piagio, los matreros, and River

</doc>
<doc id="18528301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528301" title="Kohl Children's Museum">
Kohl Children's Museum

Kohl Children’s Museum of Greater Chicago is a children's museum in Glenview, Illinois that provides a hands-on learning laboratory for children ages birth to 8. Located on an site, including a museum building and a outdoor exhibit space, the museum features exhibits and programs aligned to the Illinois State Learning Standards and designed to make learning fun and interesting for young children. 
Accessibility.
The museum is equally available to guests with any level of physical, visual, auditory, or cognitive challenge. All public areas are 100% ADA-compliant. The facility and all exhibits have been designed using the principles of universal design, which go beyond accessibility with an approach that uses multi-sensory experiences as educational tools. These experiences allow all guests with any level of physical, visual, auditory, and cognitive ability to experience the Museum and its offerings.
Green building.
Kohl Children’s Museum has created an environmentally friendly, energy-efficient facility that has earned Silver-level certification as a LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) building from the U.S. Green Building Council.
Signage and activities provide children and families with hands-on learning opportunities about environmental concerns in both the indoor and outdoor exhibit spaces, accessible year-round.
Exhibits.
Kohl Children’s Museum houses 17 hands-on, interactive exhibits.
Visitors.
Around 350,000 people visit Kohl Children’s Museum each year. The museum has over 7,500 member families.
Outreach programs.
For many years, the museum has reached out to underserved and at-risk communities through its Early Childhood Connections program, working primarily with Chicago Public Schools. The museum is now able to offer its programs to families in the nearby towns of Wheeling and Waukegan and has also developed outreach programs on anti-bias initiatives and healthy lifestyles in 2007 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18528302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528302" title="Alleanza Assicurazioni">
Alleanza Assicurazioni

Alleanza Assicurazioni () is an Italian insurance company based in Milan. It was founded in Genoa in 1898. The company is particularly active in the life insurance sector. Alleanza was controlled with a stake of around 50.4% by Assicurazioni Generali between 1933 and June 2009, when Generali announced plans to acquire the remainder of its shares. The merger was completed on 1 October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18528307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528307" title="498 Spanish Martyrs">
498 Spanish Martyrs

The 498 Spanish Martyrs were victims of the Spanish Civil War beatified by the Roman Catholic Church in October 2007 by Pope Benedict XVI. It was the greatest numbers of persons ever beatified in the Church's 2000-year history. They originated from all parts of Spain. Their ages ranged from 15 years to 78 years old. Although almost 500 persons, they are a small part of the Martyrs of the Spanish Civil War.
Background.
The Martyrs of the Spanish Civil War were those were clergy, religious and lay persons of the Roman Catholic church who were executed during the Spanish Civil War, in a period known as the Red Terror.
It is estimated that in the course of the Red Terror 6,832 members of the Catholic clergy were killed.
Some 2,000 of these have been proposed for canonization and have had their causes advanced to the Congregation for the Causes of Saints (CCS).
Pope John Paul II was the first pope to beatify a large number of saints from the Spanish Civil War. About 500 Spanish martyrs were recognized by him in several beatifications since 1987.
In this ceremony, Benedict XVI beatified 498 individuals, proposed in 23 separate causes, the largest group to be beatified so far. In addition to these, another 1000 martyrs are awaiting conclusion of their causes in the Vatican.
Individual fates.
The 498 martyrs include bishops, priests, male and female religious and faithful of both sexes. Three were 16 years old and the oldest was 78. They were from all parts of Spain, including the dioceses of Barcelona, Burgos, Madrid, Mérida, Oviedo, Seville, Toledo, Albacete, Cartagena, Ciudad Real, Cuenca, Gerona, Jaén, Málaga and Santander. Although Spain was the site of their martyrdom and the homeland of many of them, there were also some who came from other nations, from France, Mexico and Cuba. They are described as "men and women who were faithful to their obligations", and "who were able to forgive their killers". Cruz Laplana Laguna, the bishop of Cuenca, wrote "I cannot go, only here is my responsibility, whatever may happen", while Fr. Tirso de Jesús María, a companion of Eusebio Fernandez Arenillas, wrote in the letter sent to his family on the eve of his execution: ""Pardon them and bless them and amen to everything, just as I love them and pardon them and bless them..."".
Beatification ceremony.
The beatification of the 498 martyrs (list below) took place on Saint Peter's Square not in the Basilica itself, which can include only 60,000 persons. Cardinal José Saraiva Martins who gave the sermon during the beatification ceremonies, stated that these Martyrs all loved Christ and the Church more than their own life. The Cardinal pointed out that the victims of terror forgave their killers, referring to Father Tirso as an example.
The logo of the beatification, because of the very large number of new Blesseds, had as its central theme a red cross, the symbol of love taken to the point of pouring out blood for Christ.
The Cardinal explained the difference between "Martyrs of Spain" and "Spanish Martyrs". Spain was the site of their martyrdom and the homeland of many of them, but there were also some who came from other nations, such as France, Mexico and Cuba. Catholic martyrs are not the exclusive patrimony of a single diocese or nation. Rather, because of their special participation in the "Cross of Christ", they belong to the whole world, to the universal Church.
Pope Benedict XVI stated that faith helps to purify reason so that it may succeed in perceiving the truth. The Cardinal invoked the intercession of the Martyrs beatified of Mary, Queen of Martyrs "so that we may follow their example".
Spanish reactions.
Juan Antonio Martínez Camino, the secretary-general of the Spanish bishops, replied to criticism that the martyrs were old fashioned conservatives: The first martyrs of the Church died, after they were labeled as traitors of the Roman Empire and during the French Revolution, Catholic priests were defined as enemies of the revolution. The Spanish victims were considered an obstacle to historical progress.
The Spanish bishops stated that Spanish society is threatened by secularism. The 498 Martyrs were thus a reminder of other values. "their beatification intends first of all to render glory to God for the faith which conquers the world" The bishops organized a national pilgrimage to Rome, the place of the beatification of the 498 Martyrs, and the martyrdom of Saint Peter and Saint Paul.
The 498 Martyrs.
The 498 Martyrs were proposed in 23 separate causes; the Vatican lists them as:
Controversy.
A number of controversies have arisen around the beatification of some of these clerics, most of them opposing the notion of these priests being killed for religious hatred and, while not excusing their brutal murders, putting them in the context of the historical moment and questioning the appropriateness of their beatification.
One of the most notable of these has centred around Cruz Laplana y Laguna, bishop of Cuenca, a well-known supporter of the monarchic regime, who since the proclamation of the Second Republic had carried out a number of notorious political, pro right-wing campaigns throughout the province and had established close contacts with military officials such as general Joaquín Fanjul, who would lead the Madrid military uprising on 18 July 1936 in support of Franco's coup. The bishop of Cuenca is described by his biographer as "supreme advisor" to the general, as well as being closely involved with the fascist political party Falange. In 1936 he personally endorsed José Antonio Primo de Rivera, the leader of this party, as a candidate to the 1936 local elections. When the pro-coup uprising in Cuenca failed, the bishop was arrested by Republican militiamen for collaborationism. He was tried for conspiring against the Republican government and executed on 8 August.
The controversy surrounding the beatification of Augustinian friar Gabino Olaso Zabala, listed as a companion of Avelino Rodriguez Alonso, has been different. Friar Zabala was murdered during the civil war and was beatified. However, attention was called to the fact that this priest had been formerly accused of carrying out acts of torture on Filipino friar Mariano Dacanay, in the days when friar Olaso was a missionary in the former Spanish colony and the Filipinos were trying to liberate themselves from Spanish rule.

</doc>
<doc id="18528330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528330" title="John Haffert">
John Haffert

John Mathias Haffert, ( 23 August 1915 – †31 October 2001) was an American Roman Catholic author and editor. He wrote several books, mostly on Roman Catholic themes, co-founded Catholic societies, edited Catholic magazines and lectured on Catholic issues.
Haffert received his high school and college education at Mt. Carmel College, a Carmelite seminary and then began his career as an author and lecturer. Haffert was the co-founder of the Blue Army of Our Lady of Fatima, a Roman Catholic Marian Society which was approved by Pope Pius XII and has about 25 million members worldwide. Haffert was assisted in the creation and Daily operations of Blue Army of Our Lady of Fatima by Father Vernard Poslusney He was the editor of "Scapular Magazine" which helped enroll one million Americans in the Blue Army of Our Lady of Fatima and pray for the Soviet Union.
Haffert was a strong advocate of the message of Our Lady of Fatima and he worked with Fatima visionary Sister Lucia dos Santos to develop the "Fatima Pledge" in 1946. This later became the "Blue Army Pledge", in 1948. Haffert spoke often on topics concerning the Miracle of the Sun. One of Haffert's books: "That Wonderful Poem", endorses The Poem of the Man God by Maria Valtorta, in which he explains how the Bishop of Fatima introduced him to these writings.
Haffert died at 86 in the United States.
Media.
In 1996, John Haffert spoke about Fatima and his book “Meet the Witnesses” in which he personally interviewed nearly 200 witnesses to the Fatima Miracle, describing their detailed witness accounts.

</doc>
<doc id="18528340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528340" title="Ray Parker (painter)">
Ray Parker (painter)

Raymond Parker was born in 1922 and he died in 1990. He was known as an Abstract expressionist painter who also is associated with Color Field painting and Lyrical Abstraction. Ray Parker was an influential art teacher and an important Color Field painter and an instrumental figure in the movement coined by Clement Greenberg called Post-Painterly Abstraction.
Biography.
Originally from South Dakota, Ray Parker entered the University of Iowa in Iowa City in 1940; he earned his MFA in 1948. From 1948 to 1951 he taught painting at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis. During the 1940s his paintings were heavily influenced by cubism. In the early 1950s, however, Parker became associated with the leading abstract expressionists of the day, including Mark Rothko and Willem de Kooning. Parker soon began to simplify and refine his works realizing that through abstraction, and color his paintings could convey and express emotion.
Like Piet Mondrian, Stuart Davis and Jackson Pollock, Parker was a fan of jazz music; and his interest in Jazz, combined with his interest in abstract expressionism, led to his improvised painting style. Parker was also a great admirer of the painter Henri Matisse and he looked to this artist’s work for inspiration in terms of color and form, especially in his paintings of the 1970s and 1980s. By the late 1950s, he taught at Hunter College in New York City and he developed a singular style of painting that focused on intense color and simple geometric shapes. He was represented by the Samuel M. Kootz Gallery, one of the leading contemporary galleries in New York City during the late 1950s through the mid-1960s. At that time the Kootz Gallery represented important living artists such as Pablo Picasso, Pierre Soulages, Hans Hofmann, Zao Wou Ki as well as Ray Parker.
He is best known by his work of the late 1950s early 1960s called his "Simple Paintings." These paintings are characterized by discreet cloudlike forms of clear, and intense color set against a white or an off-white background. Parker’s paintings utilizing this method of stacked, clearly colored lozenges and floating forms are straightforward and basically geometric in shape. Ray Parker's works relate to and predict the minimalist and Color Field paintings of the 1960s, made popular by American artists such as Morris Louis, Friedel Dzubas, Jules Olitski, Kenneth Noland, Helen Frankenthaler, and Ellsworth Kelly.

</doc>
<doc id="18528362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528362" title="USS Spark">
USS Spark

USS "Spark" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18528373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528373" title="The Battle of Gettysburg (1955 film)">
The Battle of Gettysburg (1955 film)

The Battle of Gettysburg is a 1955 American documentary film about the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War. The film was nominated for two Academy Awards.
The documentary was filmed in Eastmancolor entirely on location at the Gettysburg National Military Park in south-central Pennsylvania. Leslie Nielsen provides narration, while songs from the Civil War era are played in the background with the sound effects of battle. At the end of the film, Nielsen reads the Gettysburg Address.
No actors appear onscreen. Schary photographed memorial statues and bas-reliefs already present on battlefield from various angles and distances, then juxtaposed the footage to suggest that the static images were actual characters taking part in a dramatic re-enactment of the battle. In some scenes, the turbulence created by an off-screen helicopter is used to press down tall grasses, suggesting the passage of invisible soldiers.
In 1956, the film was nominated for Oscars for Best Documentary, Short Subject (Dore Schary) and Best Short Subject, Two-reel (also for Dore Schary).

</doc>
<doc id="18528391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528391" title="Ang Mo Kio Depot">
Ang Mo Kio Depot

Ang Mo Kio Depot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18528393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528393" title="Line 1 (Budapest Metro)">
Line 1 (Budapest Metro)

The Metro 1 (Officially: Millennium Underground Railway or M1) is the oldest line of the Budapest Metro system. 
Known in Budapest simply as "the underground" (""a földalatti""), as the M2, M3 and the now being built M4 are called "metró". It is the second oldest underground railway in the world
History.
M1, the oldest of the metro lines operating in Budapest, has been in constant operation since 1896. 
The original purpose of the first metro line was to facilitate transport to the Budapest City Park along the elegant Andrássy Avenue without building surface transport affecting the streetscape. The National Assembly accepted the metro plan in 1870 and German firm "Siemens & Halske AG" was commissioned for the construction, starting in 1894. It took 2000 workers using up-to-date machinery less than two years to complete. This section was built entirely from the surface (with the cut-and-cover method). Completed by the deadline, it was inaugurated on May 2, 1896, the year of the millennium (the thousandth anniversary of the arrival of the Magyars), by emperor Franz Joseph. One of these original cars is preserved at the Seashore Trolley Museum in Kennebunkport, Maine, United States.
The line ran underneath Andrássy Avenue, from Vörösmarty Square (the centre) to City Park, in a northeast-southwest direction. The original terminus was the Zoo (with extension to Mexikói út in 1973). It had eleven stations, nine underground and two (Állatkert and Artézi fürdő) overground. The length of the line was 3.7 km at that time; trains ran every two minutes. It was able to carry as many as 35,000 people a day (today 103,000 people travel on it on a workday).

</doc>
<doc id="18528405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528405" title="Marin Con">
Marin Con

Marin Con (born 8 February 1985) is an Croatian football defender. He currently plays for Croatian Prva HNL club NK Zadar.

</doc>
<doc id="18528411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528411" title="XPL0">
XPL0

XPL0 is a computer programming language that is essentially a cross
between Pascal and C. It was created in 1976 by Peter J. R. Boyle who wanted a high-level language for his microcomputer and wanted something more sophisticated than BASIC, which was the dominant language for personal computers at the time.
XPL0 is based on PL/0, an example compiler in the book "Algorithms + Data Structures = Programs" by Niklaus Wirth. The first XPL0 compiler was written in ALGOL. It generated instructions for a pseudo-machine that was implemented as an interpreter on a Digital Group computer based on the 6502 microprocessor. The compiler was converted from ALGOL to XPL0 and was then able to compile itself and run on a microcomputer.
XPL0 soon proved its worth in a variety of products based on the 6502. These embedded systems would otherwise have had their code written in assembly language, which is much more tedious to do.
Boyle used XPL0 to write a disk operating system called Apex. Beginning in 1980 this was sold, along with XPL0, as an alternative to Apple DOS for the Apple II computer, which was based on the 6502.
Since those early years XPL0 has migrated to other processors and many features have been added. Open source versions of the compilers for IBM-style PCs are available from the link below.
Example.
This is how the traditional Hello World program is coded in XPL0:
"Text" is a built-in routine that outputs a string of characters. The zero (0) tells where to send the string. In this case it is sent to the display screen, but it could just as easily be sent to a printer, a file, or out a serial port by using a different number.
In XPL0 all names must be declared before they can be used. The command word "code" associates the name "Text" to built-in routine number 12, which is the one that outputs strings. There are about 80 of these built-in routines that provide capabilities such as input and output, graphics, and trig functions.

</doc>
<doc id="18528439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528439" title="Lottomatica">
Lottomatica

Lottomatica S.p.A. (now GTECH S.p.A.) is an Italian company active in the gaming business. The world's largest operator of lotteries (its portfolio includes Italy's Lotto game), Lottomatica also provides various other gaming services and related technologies. The company has its offices in Rome. In August 2006, it completed the acquisition of GTECH, a U.S. gaming company. It is controlled with a 59.8% stake by the De Agostini group.

</doc>
<doc id="18528442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528442" title="Alejandro Diz">
Alejandro Diz

Alejandro Diz (born March 26, 1965) is a former volleyball player from Argentina, who represented his native country in two Summer Olympics. After having finished in sixth place at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California he was a member of the men's national team four years later in Seoul, South Korea, claiming the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18528447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528447" title="1802 in France">
1802 in France

"See also:" 
1801 in France, 
1803 in France.
Events from the year 1802 in France.

</doc>
<doc id="18528468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528468" title="Merten de Keyser">
Merten de Keyser

Merten de Keyser (born Martin Lempereur, ? – Antwerp, 1536) was a 16th-century French printer and publisher working mainly in Antwerp, who printed the first complete French and the first complete English Bible translations as well as a number of works by English Protestant authors.
Life.
Not much is known about his life. He married Françoise La Rouge, the daughter of the Paris printer Guillaume Le Rouge, whose workshop he took over in 1517. When a series of condemnations of evangelical works and a ban on Bible translations were issued in Paris in 1525, he moved to Antwerp. In his Antwerp publications he adapted his name to the language of the publication (using Martinus Caesar in the Latin volumes, Merten de Keyser in the Dutch books, and Martyne Emperowr in the English works). He died in Antwerp in 1536. After his death, his widow continued to run the workshop.
Publications.
De Keyser issued many works by the French humanist Jacques Lefèvre d'Étaples: his French Psalter (1525), his French Old Testament (1528), his French New Testament (1529, 1531, 1532, 1535) and his complete French Bible (1530 and 1534), the first French Bible ever in print. De Keyser published the second edition of Lefèvre's fivefold Psalter, the "Quincuplex Psalterium", which contained the Psalms in five different Latin versions.
His Dutch publications included New Testaments (e.g. "Dat nieuwe testament ons heeren Jesu Christi met alder neersticheyt oversien, ende verduytst" in 1525), Psalters, partial biblical translations and other religious works. His printer's device is included in the second complete Dutch Bible, published by his colleague Willem Vorsterman in 1528 in Antwerp, hinting at some kind of co-operation between the two printers working in the same street.
Merten de Keyser was active for the English market, too. In 1528 he published William Tyndale's "The obedience of a Christen man", and in 1530 Tyndale's "The practyse of Prelates" as well as Tyndale's translation of the Pentateuch. A year later he issued Tyndale's "Exposition of the fyrste Epistle of seynt Ihon", George Joye's translation of Isaiah, and Tyndale's translation of Jonah, the latter two apparently intended as a twin-publication. Thomas Abell's "Invicta Veritas", criticizing Henry VIII's divorce, saw the light of day also in the workshop of Merten de Keyser in 1532. In 1533, he posthumously printed John Frith's answer to Thomas More, which Frith composed while imprisoned in the Tower of London. In 1534 De Keyser printed the second, revised edition of Tyndale's New Testament as well as Joye's fresh edition of the "Davids Psalter" based on Zwingli's Latin Psalter, and Joye's translation of the book of Jeremiah. These Old Testament translations were the first English translations of these biblical books ever in print. Furthermore, according to the discovery of Guido Latré in 1997, it was also Merten de Keyser who printed the first complete English Bible, the Coverdale Bible.
Among de Keyser's Latin publications, we find Robert Estienne's Latin Bible (e.g. in 1534), a scholarly revision of the Vulgate based on various ancient manuscripts. Reprints of Erasmus's Latin translation of the New Testament were also issued by de Keyser.
De Keyser seems to have published at least one book also in Leuven in 1532.

</doc>
<doc id="18528486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528486" title="Raúl Quiroga">
Raúl Quiroga

Raúl Nicolas Quiroga (born January 26, 1962 in San Juan Province, Argentina) is a retired volleyball player from Argentina, who represented his native country in two Summer Olympics. After having finished in sixth place at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California he was a member of the men's national team that claimed the bronze medal four years later in Seoul, South Korea.
His nephew Rodrigo Quiroga is current national volleyball team captain. His brother Daniel is also played volleyball and his son Gonzalo plays for national youth team. 

</doc>
<doc id="18528497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528497" title="Nathan D. Wendell">
Nathan D. Wendell

Nathan D. Wendell (1835, Fort Plain, Montgomery County, New York – January 5, 1886, Albany, Albany County, New York) was an American banker and politician.
Life.
He first learned the printer's trade, but in 1854 went to Albany and began to work for the Merchants' National Bank with which he remained until the day of his death, having become Cashier in 1864 and Vice President in 1880.
In 1872, he was elected Treasurer of Albany County. In 1876, he was a presidential elector. He was New York State Treasurer from 1880 to 1881, elected in 1879. He was an alternate delegate to the 1884 Republican National Convention.
At a time, he was one of the co-owners of the "Albany Morning Express" newspaper.
He was the receiver of the Universal Life Insurance Company of New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18528511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528511" title="Lasana">
Lasana

Lasana is a small village located northeast of the city of Calama in the Calama province of Chile's northern Antofagasta Region. It sits along the banks of the Loa River.
Pukará de Lasana, (from Quechua "Pukara": "fortress"), a pre-Columbian fortress built in the 12th century, is the main architectural attraction of the village. It is located north of San Francisco de Chiu Chiu and was declared a national monument in 1982.
Petroglyphs can also be found in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18528527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528527" title="USS Spitfire (1814)">
USS Spitfire (1814)

USS "Spitfire" (1814) was a heavily armed schooner in the United States Navy. She was built for service in the War of 1812, but did not see service until the Barbary Wars when she was sent with the American fleet to the Mediterranean to force an end to piracy of American ships.
Purchased for the War of 1812.
The third ship to be so named by the U.S. Navy, "Spitfire" was purchased at Baltimore, Maryland, between October and December 1814 for service in a squadron commanded by Commodore David Porter which was to operate out of southern American ports against British shipping in the West Indies. However, the Treaty of Ghent ended the second American war with England before Porter could get the squadron to sea.
Assigned to the Barbary Wars.
However, as the United States ended war with England, it was reopening hostilities with Algiers. As a result, the ships acquired for Porter's commerce raiding squadron were assigned to a squadron assembled for operations against the Barbary pirates, commanded by Commodore Stephen Decatur. 
"Spitfire" departed New York City with the squadron on 20 May 1815 and sailed to the Mediterranean. On 19 June, she helped "Epervier", "Spark", and "Torch" to chase "Estedio" ashore at Cape Palos and capture that Algerian brig. 
"Spitfire" then sailed with the squadron to Algiers where its presence forced the Dey to agree to American terms. 
The squadron then sailed in turn to Tunis and Tripoli and successfully demanded indemnities for violations of treaties with the United States during the recent American war with England.
In September, "Spitfire" headed home and was laid up until she was sold on 3 April 1816.

</doc>
<doc id="18528538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528538" title="Amity Regional High School">
Amity Regional High School

Amity High School is a regional public high school located in Woodbridge, Connecticut, USA. It provides high school education (grades 9-12) for the children in the towns of Woodbridge, Orange, and Bethany (which together form Regional District #5 for the purpose of secondary education). The name Amity is derived from both the colonial history of Woodbridge as well as the "friendship" demonstrated among the three founding towns in arranging for a communal educational program.
Amity High School was named a Blue Ribbon School by the US Department of Education in 1982, the first year of the program. Amity Junior High School in Orange also received the award in 1982, while Amity Junior High School in Bethany received it in 1983.
During the 2006-7 academic year, the school district spent $12,426 per pupil, as compared to the state average of $11,357. Approximately 51% were residents of Orange, 29% were residents of Woodbridge and 20% were residents of Bethany. About 87.3% of the students were white, 7.9% were Asian-American, 2.6% were Hispanic, 2.0% were African-American and 0.2% were American Indian. There were approximately 122 teachers and 1,636 students, for an average student-teacher ratio of 13.4:1, although the actual ratio varies by course and teacher contract. Approximately 75% of the members of the Class of 2006 took the SAT, averaging 566 in math, 539 in reading, and 547 in writing, above the state and national averages. About 90% of the class went on to a four-year college or university, while an additional 5% went on to two-year colleges or technical schools or nursing schools. The remaining 5% either joined the workforce or the military.
Grade arrangement.
Until 2005, only sophomores through seniors attended Amity High School, while freshmen attended either the junior high school in Orange (for residents of Orange) or the junior high school in Bethany (for residents of Bethany and Woodbridge). Seventh and eighth graders also attended the junior high schools. In 2005, the ninth graders began to attend Amity High School and the junior high schools were renamed Amity Middle School.
Scandals.
The high school building was rebuilt in the early 1990s, although the auditorium and gymnasium were not replaced. Subsequent to the construction, some staff and students experienced problems caused by mold and poor ventilation. The auditorium was closed in 2003 and then demolished and replaced in 2007.
In March 2002, an investigation reported that a budget deficit of $2.8 million was caused by financial mismanagement. The residents of the three towns demonstrated their unhappiness by rejecting seventeen proposed budgets during the 2002-3 fiscal year.
In April 2010, Sue Cantin, a former secretary in the school district office, pleaded no contest to misdemeanor charges of embezzling $107,512 in student activity funds. She is expected to repay the whole sum by April 2012.
Athletics.
The school sports teams are known as "The Spartans" and "Lady Spartans" and compete in the Housatonic Division of the Southern Connecticut Conference.
The Amity girls' volleyball team competes in the CIAC's highest division, and are perennial playoff contenders. The girls' volleyball team won the CIAC Class L tournament in 1981, 1982, 1983, 1985, 1986, 1989, 1990, 1994, 1995 and 2003.
The Amity boys' tennis team won the Southern Connecticut Conference tournament in 2006, 2007, 2011 and 2012. It won the CIAC Class LL state team tournament in 1987 and 2004.
The Amity boys' golf team had one of its best seasons in 2010, dropping into the top 5 in the state.
The Amity softball team won the CIAC Class LL tournament in 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005 and 2012. It made it to the semifinal round in 1999, 2000 and 2006 and was unbeaten in regular season play in 2003, 2004 and 2005.
The baseball team won the CIAC Class LL baseball tournament in 2006 with a 18-2-0 record, in 2007 with a 20-0-0 record, and in 2013 with a 16-4-0 record. It made it to the semifinal round in 1999, 2001, 2003, 2005, 2008 and 2011.
The Amity swim program is a perennial powerhouse in the state. The boys and girls teams have enjoyed great success in both conference and state championships. The boys' swim team notably placed third in the state in 2004, a season that included several All-American performances. In 2012, the girls ended the season undefeated and the boys ended the season 10-1, while both placed 2nd at the SCC finals, 3rd in the CIAC Class LL championships, and 4th at the State Open.
The girls' indoor track team won the CIAC Class L championship in 1998 and the CIAC Class LL championship in 2005. The girls' track & field team had undefeated 2011 and 2012 outdoor seasons, beating top teams in the nation such as Hillhouse High School. Since 2006, the program had produced 4 All New England Athletes and won multiple Housatonic Division titles.
The boys' cross country team won the CIAC Class LL championship in 2005 and 2010, and the CIAC Class L championship in 2008. The girls' cross country team won the CIAC Class L championship in 1988 and 1989.
The boys' indoor track team won the CIAC Class LL championship in 2004 and 2005 and the CIAC Class L championship in 2009. The boys' outdoor track team won the CIAC Class LL championship in 2000 and 2010 and the Class L championship in 2009.
In 2006 the Amity girls soccer team won the Housatonic Division and SCC championship and tied the Class LL state championship with Trumbull High School, after the game went into double overtime and ended with a score of 0-0. In the S.C.C. they beat Mercy High School 1-0 in double overtime. 2006 was also the first year they won the S.C.C. championship, Class LL state title and had an undefeated regular season. Amity girls soccer was ranked #1 in Connecticut, #2 in New England and #9 nationally at the end of the 2006 season.
In 2008, the Amity boys ice hockey team defeated Fairfield Warde High School 5-1 to win the state Division II title. In 2010, the team defeated St Joseph High School 7-5 to again win the state Division II title.
In 2010, the Amity Rugby club started competition in the Connecticut Rugby Union with other clubs from Greenwich, Darien, Stamford, Westport, Fairfield, Fairfield Prep, Cheshire, Madison, New London, Southington, Simsbury and West Hartford.
The Amity Ultimate Frisbee team was founded in 2006. The team enjoyed its best season in spring 2011, going 30-9 and winning the Connecticut state championship against The Hotchkiss School.
Music Department.
At the beginning of the 2007-2008 year, Amity started its first competitive marching band known as the Amity High School Spartan Marching Band. Under the direction of Phil Dolan, Amity held its first competitive show in early October 2007. Its 2007 show contained music from the film ' while its 2008 show contained music from the Cirque du Soleil show La Nouba. The Amity Marching Band, while new to the competitive nature of marching band, often came close to in score of bands who have competed for decades. In addition, they won first place at both of their season's final competitions. In the 2009-2010 season, the Amity Marching Band went on hiatus, while a new staged performance called Music In Motion was put into a trial production. Two shows were held on October 23 and 24, 2009. This new stage production contained a variety of the Amity Band concepts including Marching, Jazz, Drumline, Colorguard and Dance. The show included music from "The Phantom of the Opera", the film ', and the theme music from television show "The Simpsons". In addition, several band members put together an imitation of the dance group Stomp, using push brooms and garbage pails to create a chorus of drum beats. As of 2010 following 2009's success, Music and Motion permanently replaced the marching band. For the 2010 show, Amity put on a performance including multiple numbers from the show which inspired the program, Blast! such as Malagueña, Boléro, and Gee, Officer Krupke! (from "West Side Story"). In addition, numbers such as Chameleon and Somewhere Over the Rainbow exclusively featured other sections such as colorguard and jazz band, respectively.
Other musical groups include the concert band, wind ensemble, strings and choir. They practice individually and perform together for holiday and spring concerts as well as a POPS concert, held annually since 1969.
Theater Department.
In 2007 the Amity Board of Education created a fully funded theater department with classes in acting, technical theater and dance. A new auditorium opened that year with the play "The Laramie Project". In the Spring 2008 semester the theater department performed the musical "Grease". Later in 2008, the department performed the play "The Boys Next Door", for which it won the Moss Hart Award for Best High School Production by the New England Theater Conference. In Spring 2009, Amity was the first high school in the state to perform the controversial musical "". Many parents and students in the Amity community had mixed feelings on the production as it depicts homosexuality, drug use and AIDS. On December 12, 2009, the department performed the play "And Then They Came for Me". The play is about two Jewish refugee families and their connection to Anne Frank The production received Honorable Mention in the Moss Hart Awards from the New England Theater Conference. The department performed the musical "Les Misérables" in Spring 2010, for which it won four awards at the 2010 Connecticut High School Musical Theater Awards. In December 2010, the theater department performed the play "Bang, Bang, You're Dead," and in Spring 2011, the musical "Chicago". For that production, Amity received 12 nominations at the 2011 Connecticut High School Musical Theater Awards, but only took home one.
Quizbowl.
In 2006, Amity Regional High School saw a new addition to its extracurricular activities: the academic challenge team. The team is best known for participating in the Connecticut version of "The Challenge", a quizbowl-type game show courtesy of Cablevision's News 12 Networks. Since then, the unique group has become increasingly popular, with many students tuning in to watch their classmates compete on television. In May 2009, Amity made it to the state quarterfinals of "The Challenge" for the first time in school history, but lost to the eventual Connecticut champion, Greens Farms Academy of Westport.

</doc>
<doc id="18528552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528552" title="Dale Jennings">
Dale Jennings

William Dale Jennings (October 21, 1917 – May 11, 2000) was an American LGBT rights activist, playwright and author.
Early life.
Jennings was born in Amarillo, Texas, the son of William Arthur Jennings and Charlotte Sophia Knebel Jennings. He and his sister Charlotte Elaine (two years older) grew up in Denver, Colorado where they were both schooled in music, Elaine playing the violin and Dale (as he was known, to distinguish himself from his father) the piano. The two made many appearances on local radio and at tent revival meetings. Dale showed an early love of dance, growing into a noted prodigy before the age of twelve. Later he joined the Lester Horton dance troupe as they traveled around the United States. In his late teens he moved to Los Angeles, with aspirations of becoming a writer and theater director, for which he had trained in Colorado. He eventually launched a theater company called the Theatre Caravan,located in a now demolished building near Olympic Blvd. and Alvarado, where he also lived. During this time he wrote and produced about 60 plays.
During World War II he was stationed at Guadalcanal. During his military service, he was awarded a WWII Victory Medal, an American Campaign medal, an Asiatic- Pacific campaign medal, and a Philippine Liberation Ribbon with one bronze star. After being honorably discharged in 1946, he returned to California where he studied cinema for two years at the University of Southern California. Before the war Jennings pursued relationships with women in the custom of the time, to avoid any suspicions about his true nature. He married once, an aspiring actress at Theatre Caravan; this lasted through the war, followed by divorce.
The Mattachine Society.
In November 1950, Jennings accompanied his friend Bob Hull, to a meeting with Harry Hay and Chuck Rowland to discuss a prospectus that had called on the “androgynies of the world” to unite. This meeting began the first official meeting of the International Bachelors Fraternal Order for Peace and Social Dignity, which would later be renamed as the Mattachine Society. The society sought to gain acceptance through greater communication between homosexuals and heterosexuals. The group began to grow and by the summer of that year they had adopted official missions and purposes which proclaimed homosexuals to be one of the largest minorities in America.
Arrest.
In the spring of 1952 Jennings was arrested for allegedly soliciting a police officer in a toilet in Westlake Park, now known as MacArthur Park. The trial that took place drew national attention to the Mattachine Society and membership increased drastically due to the decision of the Mattachine Society to help contest the charges brought against Jennings. Jennings called fellow Mattachine founder Harry Hay, and they enlisted the help of attorney George Sibley, a member of the Citizens' Council to Outlaw Entrapment. Jennings was one of the first homosexual men to contest charges such as this one. Most homosexuals at the time pled guilty so as not to be publicly scrutinized. His decision to fight back was a pivotal point in the movement. The organization raised funds and promoted Jennings’ case nationally. The trial began June 23, 1952 and lasted ten days. Jennings confessed to being a homosexual but denied any wrongdoing. While there were different accounts of what exactly occurred that day, by the end of the trial the jury voted 11–1 for acquittal on the basis of police intimidation, harassment, and entrapment of homosexuals, and the case was dismissed. While only Dale Jennings and the police officer know the exact details of that day in the park, the trial brought a lot of attention to the Mattachine Society, increasing awareness of the Gay Rights Movement as a whole as well as increasing the organization's membership.
ONE, Incorporated.
While Jennings was one of the founders of the Mattachine Society, his views on how to best fight for equal rights for homosexuals differed from the organization as a whole. Harry Hay, the primary founder of the society, believed that “gays were a unique and especially talented group who had been a primary part of tribal societies and needed to come together and reclaim those sacred and traditional roles”. Jennings believed that there essentially was no difference between a gay man and a straight man. Jennings adopted a more private role, believing that homosexuals as a group had very little in common, and wanted to fight for the right to be left alone while Hay and the rest of the Mattachine Society collectively wanted to make homosexuality visible to the public and fought for more homosexual awareness.
In the organization Jennings was not alone in this alternate perspective, and in 1952 a small group of members from the Mattachine Society met to discuss separating from Mattachine and forming a separate organization that would illustrate their own personal views more. In 1953, they separated from the organization and created ONE, Inc.. This organization became the dominant organization in Los Angeles and with the financial assistance of Jennings' sister Elaine and her husband James Porter its magazine became, for a period of time, the voice of the gay and lesbian movement. The magazine spoke out openly and more forcefully on behalf of the rights and interests of homosexuals. Jennings was elected as vice president of the newly formed organization and became editor in chief as well as a primary writer for the magazine. During this time his writings gained popularity and momentum. Jennings found his niche as a writer, and his writings would continue to become a pivotal part in the Gay Rights Movement. The magazine included writings about police harassment and persecution from cities all across the nation based on newspaper reports sent in by its readers. Thought provoking essays, daring social commentary and a sharp consistent design made up the overall sense of the magazine.
The magazine was produced essentially by hand, thanks to James and Elaine Porter who paid for materials and other expenses out of their own pocket, printing and assembling each issue in their printing and graphics office. Although it had a low printing circulation it had a large impact on the movement as a whole. It was the only publication that openly spoke positively of homosexuality and fought for equal legal and social status for homosexuals. The small circulation but large impact of this magazine represented a lot of the small organizations that were also a part of the movement. While small in number, each member of the movement symbolized an insecure and emerging movement among homosexuals that confronted their subjugated status in society.
After two years of heavy involvement, especially with the magazine, Jennings was pressured to leave by business manager Dorr Legg.
After ONE.
After leaving ONE, Jennings wrote and published his first novel, "The Ronin", retold from an ancient Buddhist story, followed by "The Sinking of the Sarah Diamond". Another book, "The Cowboys", based on a film treatment he sold to Warner Bros., caused considerable controversy among publishers due to its glimmers of homoeroticism. "The Cowboys" was made into a film in 1972, starring John Wayne. While not as successful as his first book, he made enough profit from the book that allowed him to buy a ranch outside of Los Angeles. After losing his home due to a lawsuit with a former lover he moved to the town of Trinidad in Humboldt County in northern California where he decided to re-involve himself in the movement. He contacted an old friend from ONE, Don Slater, who had also separated himself from ONE and founded a new organization, HIC (Homosexual Information Center) in 1965. Jennings was very passionate about his writings, and hoped that the HIC would accept and protect his scripts and books.
The HIC believed and supported the protection of privacy in sexual relations and that this was the key to sexual freedom. Jennings stayed highly involved with the organization until 1997, when Slater died. Around this time Jennings began losing his memory and constantly worried that his writings would be lost, so he made arrangements that his works and property would go to the HIC when he died.
He continued to write until shortly before his death on May 11, 2000 at the age of 82 at Specialty Hospital in La Mirada, California; he is survived by one nephew. His legacy to the HIC consists of hundreds of articles, including unpublished books, plays, film treatments and stories. They are now housed in the Homosexual Information Center Archives, a part of the Vern and Bonnie Bullough Collection on Sex and Gender, housed at Oviatt Library, California State University, Northridge.
"The Temperamentals".
In 2009, Jennings and the Mattachine Society became the subjects of the play "The Temperamentals" by Jon Maran. After workshop performances in 2009, the play opened off-Broadway at New World Stages in early 2010. Jennings was portrayed by Sam Breslin Wright.

</doc>
<doc id="18528556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528556" title="Manigault (disambiguation)">
Manigault (disambiguation)

Manigault may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18528563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528563" title="Barbara McIlvaine Smith">
Barbara McIlvaine Smith

Barbara McIlvaine Smith is a Democratic politician, and former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. She represented the 156th District 2007 through 2010. She previously served on the West Chester, Pennsylvania Borough Council and was the Council's vice-president from 2004 to 2006. Barbara is an enrolled member of the federally recognized Sac and Fox Nation of Oklahoma.
Early life and career.
McIlvaine Smith is a lifelong resident of Chester County, graduating from West Chester Henderson High School in 1968 and from West Chester University in 1995 with a degree in Elementary Education. McIlvaine Smith taught 4th grade at Penn Wood Elementary and also environmental education at the Brandywine Valley Association. 
She and her husband, Robert, incorporated their business, Brandywine Water Systems Inc., in 1980. Together they owned and operated the business until Robert's death in 2007. Their son now owns and operates the water conditioning business. McIlvaine Smith was married to her late husband Robert for 35 years. They have two grown children, a son and a daughter, and one granddaughter.
West Chester Borough Council.
Opposed to Chester County commissioners' attempts to raise property taxes by 36% percent and remove historic buildings to expand the courthouse, McIlvaine Smith changed her party affiliation from Republican to Democrat to run for a seat on the West Chester Borough Council, and was elected in November 2001. When she was sworn in on January 2, 2002, the Council became a full Democratic body for the first time in 100 years. She became the council's vice-president in 2004. During her tenure on the council, McIlvaine Smith chaired the Parks, Recreation & Environmental Protection Committee and the Public Works Committee and initiated a resolution to support Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell's Growing Greener II plan.
Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
In 2004, McIlvaine Smith ran for the Pennsylvania House of Representatives against incumbent Republican Elinor Z. Taylor." McIlvaine Smith lost with 45 percent of the vote, but she decided to forgo running for another term on the West Chester Borough Council when her term expired in 2006 in order to seek a rematch with Taylor that November.
Taylor announced in late 2005 that she would retire after the current term, and West Chester-area Republicans endorsed former West Chester Borough Councilman Shannon Royer, whom McIlvaine Smith had succeeded as Fifth Ward representative on Borough Council, to replace Taylor. McIlvaine Smith formally announced on January 17 that she was running for Taylor's now open seat, and was not opposed in the Democratic primary. She was endorsed by Progressive Majority, a national Political Action Committee that supports progressive politicians at the state and local levels. Unofficial returns on election day initially showed that Royer had won by 19 votes, however, after the counting of provisional and absentee ballots, McIlvaine Smith was declared the winner by 23 votes, giving Democrats control of the state house for the first time in 12 years and making history as the first Native American ever elected to the legislature. Pennsylvania Republicans demanded a hand recount, which ended on December 22 with Mcilivaine Smith being officially certified as the winner.
She is also the majority chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Special Education. In December 2007, McIlvaine Smith was one of a few lawmakers who refused to accept a pay raise from the state, saying that she would donate her additional money to charities in her district
In December 2007, Shannon Royer announced his intention to challenge McIlvaine Smith for her House seat in a rematch of their closely contested 2006 campaign. On November 4, McIlvaine Smith was re-elected by more than 2,000 votes.
In November 2009, she announced that she would not run for re-election in 2010, saying that she was frustrated with the progress of the post-pay raise reform movement.
For health reasons, the 2010 Democratic candidate withdrew, and McIlvaine Smith stepped in to run for re-election as State Representative for the 156th District. She was narrowly defeated for re-election by Republican Dan Truitt.

</doc>
<doc id="18528574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528574" title="Sekgoma II">
Sekgoma II

Sekgoma II (1869-November 17, 1925) was the king of the Bamangwato people of Bechuanaland in modern-day Botswana.
He was the son of King Khama III by his first wife, Elizabeth MmaBessie. In 1923, Sekgoma II ascended the throne at the age of 54 upon the death of his father. However, his reign was short and only lasted two years. Sekgoma's son, Seretse II, was too young at the time to ascend the throne, and Tshekedi Khama, Sekgoma's younger brother, acted as regent.

</doc>
<doc id="18528596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528596" title="Sir Charles Knowles, 1st Baronet">
Sir Charles Knowles, 1st Baronet

Sir Charles Knowles, 1st Baronet (c.1704 – 9 December 1777) was an officer of the Royal Navy, who saw service during the War of Jenkins' Ear, the wider War of the Austrian Succession, and the Seven Years War. He also briefly served with the Imperial Russian Navy during the Russo-Turkish War. He rose to the rank of Admiral in a long and varied career, crowned with both success, and at times, controversy. He was highly educated, and particularly skilled in building and destroying fortifications. His career was mainly centred around the West Indies, where he commanded ships and squadrons in actions against both Spanish and French ships and settlements. Despite an active naval career that saw him rise to be Rear-Admiral of Great Britain, Knowles found time to devote to his studies, working on translations of foreign scientific studies, and developing his own inventions. His career at sea was blighted however by several failures, which may have been a cause of his move to Russia during the later part of his life to oversee the development of the Russian fleet.
Family and early life.
Knowles was probably born c. 1704, though some sources date his birth to as early as 1697. He was reputed to be an illegitimate son of Charles Knollys, the titular fourth Earl of Banbury. His education was overseen by his half-brother, Lord Wallingford, and Knowles entered the navy in March 1718, having been recommended to Admiral Sir George Byng by Wallingford. Knowles went aboard one of the ships of Byng's fleet, the 70-gun HMS "Buckingham", under Captain Charles Strickland, though he moved in April aboard as a captain's servant. He remained aboard the "Lenox" until December 1720, serving with Byng's fleet in the Mediterranean. He was present at the Battle of Cape Passaro on 11 August 1718, where he may have temporarily been aboard Byng's flagship .
Knowles then moved aboard in June 1721, initially serving as a servant to Captain Vere Beauclerk, and after the first eighteen months as an able seaman. Knowles remained on the "Lyme"s books throughout her commission in the Mediterranean, discharging in June 1726. This appears to have been a titular posting only, and he probably spent most of his time ashore in studies. On his return to Britain Knowles was appointed to serve aboard the guard ship at Portsmouth, and then Sir Charles Wager's flagship at Kinsale, under the command of Vere Beauclerk. He went on to serve aboard and until his promotion to be lieutenant of the sloop on 30 May 1730. He returned to serve aboard the "Lion" in March the following year, when she went to the West Indies as the flagship of Rear-Admiral Charles Stewart.
West Indies.
Having by now established a reputation as an engineer it appears that after his return to Britain he was given an advisory and supervisory role in the drawing up of plans for Westminster Bridge, for which he travelled to France to study the Pont Neuf. He had been promoted to commander of the 40-gun in 1732, but the position appears to have been for rank only, as he did not become post-captain until 4 February 1737, when he was appointed to command . He was ordered to reinforce Admiral Edward Vernon's West Indies fleet in 1739, as the War of Jenkins' Ear developed. Knowles rendezvoused with the admiral at Port Royal, having captured two Spanish ships en route, one of which was a register ship carrying 120,000 pieces of eight, and clothing for 6,000 men. Knowles was unable to sail with Vernon when he sailed the fleet to Portobelo, but arrived there on 27 November, five days after Vernon's victory there. Vernon gave Knowles the task of destroying the Spanish forts, which owing to their solid construction eventually took three weeks and 122 barrels of gunpowder. When the task was completed the British withdrew, Knowles having impressed Vernon with his competent command of land operations.
Vernon next appointed Knowles to cruise off Cartagena, watching the Spanish forces and interdicting any enemy supply ships. Knowles was then moved into the fireship and ordered to examine the approaches to the port of Chagres. Having completed the mission and formulated a plan of attack, Knowles was given command of the bomb vessels, fireships and other small boats, and duly bombarded the fortress of San Lorenzo, at the mouth of the Chagres River. The town and castle surrendered on 24 March 1740 and Knowles was appointed Governor of the castle. Vernon ordered the removal of the goods gathered at the port for shipping to Spain, and the sinking of several privateer vessels. Knowles was given the task of demolishing the castle, which he achieved by detonating several mines under the bastions, and burning the apartments. Having completed the task, Vernon's fleet withdrew at the end of March, returning to Port Royal by way of Portobelo.
Vernon and the Battle of Cartagena de Indias.
Knowles spent the next few months cruising, before returning to England in company with HMS "Torrington" as an escort for a 25 ship strong fleet of merchantmen. Knowles and the "Diamond" arrived at Spithead on 4 August 1740, shortly after which Knowles took command of the 50-gun . He soon moved to command the 60-gun , and sailed with her from St Helens Roads on 24 October 1740 as part of Sir Chaloner Ogle's fleet to reinforce Vernon in the West Indies. Knowles formed part of Vernon's council of war on 16 February 1741, which resolved to make a naval and land assault on Cartagena. Vernon placed Knowles in command of the operations to reconnoitre the Spanish defences, and subsequently draw up a plan of attack. Having done this Knowles formed a key part of the early stages of the attack, he stormed and captured one of the forts, captured the Spanish flagship and broke the boom across the entrance to the harbour, allowing the British fleet access.
Several British ships entered the harbour the next day, including Knowles aboard the "Weymouth". Under Vernon's orders Knowles destroyed several enemy batteries, captured the Castillo Grande and navigated further into the harbour to cut off enemy supplies. Vernon appointed him governor of Castillo Grande, and ordered him to demolish the fort as the British prepared to evacuate. Knowles duly carried the task out, rendering 59 pieces of ordnance unusable, and carrying off a large amount of lime and limestone. The failure of the British to take Cartagena led to considerable bitterness between the army and naval forces, and Knowles appears to have been the author of a pamphlet published in 1743 entitled "An Account of the Expedition to Carthegena, with Explanatory Notes and Observations", a work that criticised the actions of the army. The fleet returned to Jamaica, whereupon Knowles returned to his previous command, the "Lichfield". He remained based in the West Indies, and was engaged primarily in strengthening the fortifications and improving the facilities for ships at Port Antonio, Port Royal, and subsequently at Antigua. He became a commodore after this, flying his flag aboard and then . Between 1743 and 1745, he served as the second in command on the Jamaica station under Sir Chaloner Ogle, who had replaced Admiral Edward Vernon.
Battles of La Guaira and Puerto Cabello.
Knowles took command of the 70-gun in 1742, and in 1743 received orders from Ogle to command a squadron to carry out attacks on the Spanish settlements at La Guaira and Puerto Cabello. The Spanish were well informed of the plans, and were able to recruit extra defenders, and were supplied with gunpowder by the Dutch. Consequently an attack on La Guaira on 2 March 1743 was beaten off by the defenders. Knowles withdrew his force and refitted at Curacao before attempting an assault on Puerto Cabello on 15 April, and again on 24 April, but both assaults were again beaten back. Knowles called off the expedition and returned to Jamaica.
Governor of Louisbourg.
Between 1743 and 1745 he captured a large number of prizes, with his success leading to a letter addressed to him and signed by 63 of the principal figures in Jamaica; Sir, Though we are certain that the public services you have done, and are continually doing, proceed, as they always will, from the noblest principle, and without the least expectation of popular applause; yet, being fully sensible, and having indeed been immediate partakers of them, we should think it an unpardonable neglect at least, if it did not deserve a worse appellation, should we omit to make our joint acknowledgement thereof, &c. Knowles was later appointed as captain of the newly built in 1745. He returned to Britain later that year, and in January 1746 he was aboard as commander of a squadron in the Downs, under Vice-Admiral William Martin. He was briefly detached to examine French invasion preparations, and on his return in February he captured two French ships. He shifted his pennant to HMS "Edinburgh" on 21 March, and escorted a convoy from St Helens into the English Channel, after which he moved aboard the 50-gun .
In spring 1746 he was appointed to take over as governor of Louisbourg from Peter Warren. He sailed for his new post on 31 March 1746, in company with HMS "Canterbury" and . He spent nearly two years as governor, and having initially complained to the Duke of Newcastle about the "confused, dirty, beastly condition" of the fortress, was largely engaged in repairing and improving the defences. During this time his troops were involved in one battle, the Battle at Port-la-Joye. He was promoted to rear-admiral of the white on 15 July 1747, and appointed as commander in chief on the Jamaica station. On taking up his new post he raised his flag aboard HMS "Canterbury", but soon shifted it to . He had initially intended to take his squadron and attack Santiago de Cuba, but contrary winds led to him deciding instead to attack Fort Saint Louis de Sud. He arrived on 8 March 1748, and after subjecting the fort to a heavy bombardment forced its surrender. Knowles was promoted to rear-admiral of the red on 12 May 1748. He returned to Santiago de Cuba on 5 April and carried out another attack, but was unable to capture the port, and duly returned to Jamaica.
Battle of Havana.
After having his ships refitted Knowles sailed on a cruise, hoping to intercept a Spanish treasure fleet off Cuba. On 30 September he fell in with HMS "Lenox", under Captain Charles Holmes, who reported that he had encountered a Spanish fleet some days earlier. The fleet was sighted the next morning but confusion over signals and a struggle to keep the weather gauge meant that the British fleet failed to attack in an organised manner. Though the Battle of Havana ended with the capture of one Spanish ship and another being badly damaged, it was not the major British victory hoped for. Knowles was accused of badly mismanaging the action and faced a court martial in December 1749. The result was a reprimand for the poor tactics he employed, while several of the other captains involved were also reprimanded. There was considerable bad feeling between Knowles and his subordinates, and several challenges to duel were issued. In once instance Knowles exchanged shots with Holmes, and in another two of his captains, Innes and Clarke, duelled, which resulted in Innes being mortally wounded. King George II eventually intervened to forbid any more duels over the matter.
Governor of Jamaica.
Knowles was briefly Member of Parliament for Gatton between 1749 and 1752, and in 1752 he was appointed Governor of Jamaica. Over his four-year period as governor he took steps to reform the legal system, and also moved the administrative capital from Spanish Town to Kingston, arguing that the latter was more defensible. His attempts to ensure the subordination of the Jamaican assembly to the British government led to calls for his removal as governor, but his policies were subsequently upheld by the British government. Knowles resigned the governorship in January 1756 and returned to England. He had been promoted to vice-admiral of the red on 4 February 1755.
Later service and Russia.
Knowles was second in command under Admiral Edward Hawke (1705–81) in the Rochefort Expedition in 1757, during the Seven Years War, with Knowles flying his flag aboard . Knowles oversaw a bombardment, but the expedition was judged a failure, and Knowles was one of the figures subsequently criticised for his actions. He defended himself with the publication of a pamphlet entitled "The Conduct of Admiral Knowles on the late Expedition set in a true light". The pamphlet was unfavourably reviewed by Tobias Smollett in "The Critical Review", in terms that led to Knowles successfully suing Smollett for libel. Knowles briefly flew his flag aboard HMS "Royal Anne" in the winter of 1757, but the debacle at Rochefort meant he was soon removed from active service. He was promoted to full admiral on 3 December 1760, and was created a baronet on 31 October 1765. He became Rear-Admiral of Great Britain on 5 November 1765. He resigned from the navy in 1770 and accepted an appointment from Catherine of Russia to advise on the development of the Imperial Russian Navy during the war against Turkey. He served in a mainly administrative role, being based at St Petersburg until 1774, when he returned to England. He died at Bulstrode Street, London on 9 December 1777, and was buried at Guildford, Surrey.
Family and personal life.
Knowles married the sister of John Alleyne, later a Speaker of the Barbados House of Assembly, on 23 December 1740. The marriage produced a son, Edward Knowles, who followed his father into the navy, but was lost when his vessel, the sloop HMS "Peregrine" foundered in 1762. He married for the second time, to Maria Magdalena Therese de Bouget (* 1733; † 1796) in 1750. The couple produced one son, Charles Knowles, and two daughters. He lived at Lovel Hill House at Cranbourne in Berkshire.
He translated M. de la Croix's "Abstract of the Mechanisms of the Motions of Floating Bodies" in 1775, noting in his preface that he had carried out experiments that validated de la Croix's findings. He also invented a device for measuring the pressure and velocity of wind, a fact acknowledged by Leonhard Euler.

</doc>
<doc id="18528606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528606" title="Carl Ashby">
Carl Ashby

Carl Ashby (1914–2004) was an American abstract expressionist artist who lived and worked in New York City. Ashby was born in Hurley, New Mexico on March 2, 1914. He worked as an artist for the Civilian Conservation Corps before attending the University of Utah, where he graduated with a degree in Fine Arts in 1937. He relocated to New York City shortly thereafter, and married artist Estelle Grey in 1938. Ashby earned a Master in Arts degree from New York University in 1959. He taught at the Parsons Division of the New School at NYU for 25 years beginning in 1970. During his career, Ashby studied with artists Hans Hofmann, George Grosz, and Morris Kantor. His works and papers are included in the permanent collections of the Smithsonian Archives of American Art, the Provincetown Art Association and Museum, and the Hood Museum at Dartmouth College.

</doc>
<doc id="18528608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528608" title="Fondiaria-Sai">
Fondiaria-Sai

Fondiaria-Sai S.p.A. was an Italian financial services company based in Turin, founded in 1921. In 2002 the company "La Fondiaria Assicurazioni" merged by incorporation in "Società Assicuratrice Industriale" that was renamed to this name until the end of 2013.
The company was particularly active in the insurance sector, where it underwrites life, property, casualty and marine cover.
The company was listed on the Borsa Italiana and was a constituent of the FTSE MIB index.
Fondiaria-Sai in 2007 bought a 100% stake in Serbia's DDOR Novi Sad insurance company.
In 2014 the company was renamed UnipolSai Assicurazioni S.P.A. after the merger by incorporation of Unipol Assicurazioni, Milano Assicurazioni and Premafin.

</doc>
<doc id="18528611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528611" title="Telephone numbers in Madagascar">
Telephone numbers in Madagascar

Country Code: +261<br>
International Call Prefix: 00<br>
Trunk Prefix: 
Telephone numbers in Madagascar are seven digits long, the first two digits being an area code.
Recent ITU documents suggest the area code is preceded by a two digit operator code, for example "20" for Telecom Malagasy.
International numbering plan.
International numbering format: +261 AB Z PQMCDU
where:
National numbering plan.
At national level, a closed numbering system of seven digits is used. That is, all subscriber numbers requested to the same operator Telecom Malagasy (local and national) can be obtained by dialling seven digits (ZPQMCDU).

</doc>
<doc id="18528612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528612" title="Paul Byard">
Paul Byard

Paul Byard (August 30, 1939 – July 15, 2008) was a lawyer and an architect. He was born in New York to Dever Spencer Byard, a lawyer and Margaret Mather Byard, a teacher of English Literature at Columbia University. Byard graduated from Milton Academy in Massachusetts in 1957, from Yale College in 1961 and went on to receive degrees from Clare College, Cambridge, Harvard Law School, and from Columbia University's Graduate School of Architecture.
Law career.
In 1966, having completed law school, Byard joined the law firm of Winthrop & Stimson, where he remained for three years. He also acted as general counsel to the Roosevelt Island Development Corporation and as an associate counsel to the New York State Urban Development Corporation. Combining law with architecture, Byard supported the legal defense of the New York City Landmarks Preservation Law.
Architecture career.
In 1977, Byard received an architectural degree from the Graduate School of Architecture and Planning at Columbia University,after which he joined James Stewart Polshek & Associates in 1977. In 1981, he was made a partner in the firm. In 1989, Byard joined Charles A. Platt Partners (later known as Platt Byard Dovell White).
While working as an architect, Byard was involved in the renovations of Carnegie Hall, the old Custom House on Bowling Green, the State Supreme Court’s Appellate Division Courthouse on Madison Square, the Cooper Union Foundation Building, and the Villard Houses. He also helped to design the New 42nd Street Studios, the Channel 57 building, and a mausoleum and columbarium at Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn, all of which were of contemporary design. Byard was highly involved in the Architectural League of New York and served as president from 1989 to 1994.
While working as an architect, Byard wrote "The Architecture of Additions: Design and Regulation" (W.W. Norton, 1998), in which he discusses the renovations of many historic buildings and exhibits his knowledge of blending old and new styles of architecture. At the time of his death, Byard was working on a book to be entitled "Why Save This Building? The Public Interest in Architectural Meaning". 
In keeping with his architectural interests, Byard directed the historic preservation program at Columbia for ten years until his death. He also developed a third-year studio and workshop for architecture and preservation students.
Personal life and death.
Byard married Rosalie Starr Warren in 1965 and had two children. He lived in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn, where he died on July 15, 2008, of cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18528615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528615" title="Marion Rice Denishawn Dancers">
Marion Rice Denishawn Dancers

Marion Rice Denishawn Dancers is a dance company devoted to preserving Denishawn dance, the choreography of modern dance pioneers Ruth St. Denis and Ted Shawn, taught and staged by Marion Rice, a Massachusetts modern dance and ballet teacher, performer, choreographer and producer who died in 1995. 
Marion Rice dedicated her creative life to teaching, preserving, protecting and performing the fifty or so dance works taught to her by Ruth St. Denis, Ted Shawn, Miriam Winslow and other modern dance luminaries while she was a student and performer at the Boston Braggiotti School in Boston in the early 1900s. Along with members of her family, daughter Carolyn Brown, daughter-in-law Mona Irvine Rice, granddaughters Robin Rice and Rebecca Rice, these Denishawn dances have been performed by Marion Rice and her students for over 75 years.
"Marion Rice Denishawn" performed in Fitchburg, Massachusetts as well as 
at the Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival in 1972, the Marymount Manhattan Theater (New York) in 1976 and City College (New York) in 1986 at the ""Roots: Foundations of American Modern Dance" Festival".
In 2000, "Marion Rice Denishawn" performed at the "Dance in Millennium" Festival in Washington. The company presented "Boston Braggiotti and Denishawn", a lecture demonstration illuminating a select number of the early Denishawn works. 
Village Voice critic Deborah Jowitt wrote about the performance in the following review: 
Ruth St. Denis, American mystic, and Ted Shawn, entrepreneur, were a great team. During the glory days of their Denishawn company—roughly 1916 to 1931—a gifted disciple could obtain a franchise and open a Denishawn school. For a price, a young dancer could learn a colorful routine and secure its sheet music and costume design. Last month, two companies—the Marion Rice Denishawn dancers at the "Dancing in the Millennium" conference in Washington, D.C., and Dansarté, at Jacob's Pillow—presented programs of dances by St. Denis, Shawn, and their pupils.
What's intriguing about these dances—learned by Robin and Rebecca Rice at their grandmother's studio, and from Shawn at Jacob's Pillow in 1942 and 1943 by Dansarté's director, Sharry Underwood—is the way they combine the notion of art dance with a vaudeville structure. They tend to be about three minutes long, with reassuring amounts of repetition, structured in A-B-A form. Shawn and St. Denis captured the look and ambience of "exotic" styles, if not their steps. Dansarté's beautiful Maris Wolff, gorgeously costumed, performs an orientalist's dream of an Indian "nautch" dance—all rippling midriff, swaying steps, and flirtatious glances. Rice dancer Laurie Cameron appears for the circa 1930 fantasy La Peri (by either St. Denis or Miriam Winslow, who took over the Boston Denishawn school of the Braggiotti sisters), wafting swags of material that depend from her cap. The heelwork that Dansarté's Jean-Marie Mellichamp beats out in Viva Faroan has the air of flamenco without its now familiar complexities. In the early 20th century, what did American audiences know or care about authenticity?
On these fine programs, you can see the influence of Isadora Duncan in Chopin dances performed with lovely sincerity by the Rices, or get a whiff of German modernism in Miriam Marmein's circa 1932 mime, Argument des Boulevardiers, in which Valerie Farias Newton and Rebecca Rice wear mannish attire and gesticulate with rhythmic fury. Jess Meeker's music for Shawn's Gypsy-Rondo-Bout-Town nudges Dansarté's Genevieve Pellman and Neth Urkiel-Taylor from Haydn to swing. In all these early pieces, theatrical traditions, fashion, and experiment tiptoe toward modern dance.

</doc>
<doc id="18528616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528616" title="Beit 'Anan">
Beit 'Anan

Beit 'Anan () is a Palestinian village in northwest Jerusalem under the jurisdiction of the Jerusalem Municipality. In 2010, it had a population of 4,982. Some residents of Beit 'Anan hold Israeli identity cards, while others hold Palestinian identity cards.
History.
Beit 'Anan was a fief of the Holy Sepulchre in the twelfth century.
The village was incorporated into the Ottoman Empire in 1517 with all of Palestine, and in 1596 it appeared in the tax registers as being in the "Nahiya" of Quds of the "Liwa" of Quds. It had a population of 28 households, all Muslim.
In 1863 the French explorer Victor Guérin visited the village, and estimated that it had 600 inhabitants, while an official Ottoman village list of about 1870 showed that "Bet 'Anan" had 59 houses and a population of 220, though the population count included only men. In 1883, the Palestine Exploration Fund's "Survey of Western Palestine" described the village as "a small village on top of a flat ridge; near a main road to the west are remains of a Khan with water, and about a mile to the east is a spring."
Beit 'Anan was captured by British forces in the 1917 Battle for Jerusalem during their campaign in Palestine against the Ottomans. It is described as a village situated on the hill commanding Dukka from the south, on the road to Kubeibeh, identified as ancient Emmaus.
In a census conducted in 1922 by the British Mandate authorities, "Bait 'Inan" had a population of 509, all Muslims, increasing in the 1931 census to a population of 654, still all Muslims, in 162 houses. 
In 1945 Beit I'nan had a population of 820, all Arabs, with 10,105 dunams of land, according to an official land and population survey. Of this, 2,015 dunams were plantations and irrigable land, 2,471 used for cereals, while 63 dunams were built-up land. 
In 2012 Beit Anan population was near five thousand with four thousand more migrants and their descendants. There are nearly 2,000 living in Jordan, most in Zarqa. More than 2,000 live in the United States, most of whom live in the Paterson, New Jersey area. Others live in Louisiana, Illinois, Ohio, Florida and few in Michigan. Some of its descendants live in Brazil. Migration from Beit Anan began in the early fifties. Then, nearly all headed to Brazil via the sea. Since the late sixties and until today migration from Beit Anan has been nearly entirely to the United States.
Education and culture.
Beit 'Anan has an UNRWA school for girls with 560 students, two elementary schools for boys and three kindergartens. The Abu Ayob al-Ansary mosque is located in Beit 'Anan. The village has two health clinics and several sports clubs. In 2009, a four-day culture festival was held in Beit Anan attended by more than 15,000 people.
Biddu enclave.
Beit 'Anan along with Biddu, Beit Duqqu, Beit Surik, Qatanna, al Qubeida, Beit Ijaz, Kharayib Umm al Lahim and at Tira form the "Biddu enclave." The enclave will be linked to Ramallah by underpasses and a fenced road.
West Bank barrier.
In July 2004, the Israeli High Court of Justice cancelled military orders for the confiscation of hundreds of dunams of village land to build the separation barrier. The barrier would have passed close to Beir 'Anan and cut off the village from a lot of its land. Following the ruling, the barrier was rerouted at a greater distance from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18528622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528622" title="Sommer-Melbu">
Sommer-Melbu

Sommer-Melbu is an annual summer festival in Melbu, Norway, usually with seminars on literature and philosophy. Concerts, art exhibitions, organized leisure trips with sightseeing (often by boat/car or on foot), and activities for adults and children are usually on the program. The festival has been held yearly since the mid-1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18528626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528626" title="Latif Kapadia">
Latif Kapadia

Latif Kapadia () was a Pakistani stage and television actor. Latif Kapadia was born on March 27, 1934, in Nasik, Maharashtra, in British India. At the age of 13, Latif Kapadia migrated to Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. He is considered as one of the most famous actors of Pakistan television.
Career.
Latif started his career as a stage actor. He was initiated into acting in 1953 by a theatre-loving couple, Meherji and Pervaiz Dastur. They presented many plays in the 1950s.
In 1957, Latif Kapadia joined the "Avant-Garde Arts Theatre" formed by "Ali Ahmed" and Latif’s elder brother, "Ghulam Ali Kapadia". Ali Ahmed’s play, "Sheeshay Kay Aadmi", was a great hit. Latif Kapadia had played a pivotal role in it. His other noted plays that earned him fame were "Qissa Jagtay Sotay Ka", "Ek Din Ka Sultan " and "Phir Bhi Hum Jeetay Rahay".
In 1967, When Pakistan Television came to Karachi, Latif Kapadia did his first television play, "Sheeshay Kay Aadmi", recreating the same role. 
His other television plays include: 
Latif Kapadia also played a role in a film "Very Good Dunya, Very Bad Log", film was released in 1998. He was fond of singing also and used to sing the songs of his friend, Ahmed Rushdi, who was a well known singer of Pakistan film industry.
On March 23, 2001 Latif Kapadia received the Pride of Performance award from the President of Pakistan. He got the award for his services towards theatre in Pakistan.
Latif Kapadia died of cardio-respiratory arrest on March 29, 2002. He left behind his wife, a son and four daughters. Latif Kapadia was buried in "Mewashah graveyard" in Karachi.

</doc>
<doc id="18528636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528636" title="Maya Yoshida">
Maya Yoshida

Career.
Japan and The Netherlands.
Born in Nagasaki, Japan, Yoshida had been a defensive midfielder when playing for Grampus's youth team, but was converted to a centre back after promotion to its top team in 2007. In the 2008 season, he was in the starting lineup for most of the league matches with his Serbian teammate Miloš Bajalica. He earned a call-up for Japan's U-23 team in April 2008 and was a member of the Japan team for the 2008 Summer Olympic finals. He scored Nagoya Grampus's historical first goal in the AFC Champions League in the game against Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i on 10 March 2009. He was called up for the national team for the game against Yemen in the 2011 AFC Asian Cup qualification. In December 2009, it was announced that he had transferred to Dutch club VVV-Venlo. He scored a bicycle kick goal for VVV-Venlo off a corner kick on 11 September 2011 against PSV Eindhoven. The match ended in a 3–3 draw. This goal was awarded as " Goal of the Year 2011–2012 " of the Dutch premier Football League. In this season Maya Yoshida scored as a central defender 5 goals in total.
He made his full international debut for Japan on 6 January 2010 in a 2011 AFC Asian Cup qualifier against Yemen.
Southampton.
On 30 August 2012, he agreed to join Southampton on a three-year contract for a fee thought to be in the region of £3 million. He made his debut on the 15 September 2012, against Arsenal in a 6–1 defeat, coming on as a 28th minute substitute for Jos Hooiveld. He then made his home debut in a 4–1 win over Aston Villa, playing the whole 90 minutes.
On 9 August 2013, it was announced that Yoshida would be on the front cover of the Japanese Edition of FIFA 14.
He scored his first goal for Southampton in a 2–1 defeat to Sunderland in the League Cup on 6 November 2013.
He scored his first Premier League goal against West Ham on 22 February 2014 after a Steven Davis free kick.
Career statistics.
Club.
1Includes Emperor's Cup, KNVB Cup and FA Cup.
2Includes J. League Cup and Football League Cup.
3Includes AFC Champions League.
4Includes Eredivisie Playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="18528637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528637" title="Phyllostachys rubromarginata">
Phyllostachys rubromarginata

Phyllostachys rubromarginata, the red margin bamboo, is a species of Phyllostachys Bamboo, native to Central China, specifically Guangxi and Guizhou.
Name.
Its common name comes from the colorization of the margins of the newly sprouted culm sheaths, exhibiting a reddish stripe. It was classified by the Smithsonian's Floyd McClure in 1940. In China, it is named Hongbian zhu or Nuer zhu ("Maiden's Bamboo").
Description.
Red Margin Bamboo is a cold hardy temperate mountain bamboo which grows and spreads quickly, creating a tall screen. Reproducing mostly by running, the rubromarginata also produces hermaphroditic flowers and seeds once every several years. 
P. rubromarginata culms may reach as high as 4 to 9 meters, while in China it is reported as high as 16 meters. Mature culms grow from 2.5 cm to 6 cm in diameter with dark green internodes 22–31 cm apart. It is cold tolerant to between -16° and -24°C.
Usage and distribution.
Its high quality timber is used in basket making, and has become a popular ornamental plant in North America. The shoots are edible. It grows wild in Guangxi and Guizhou as scrub and along banks of gullies. It is commonly cultivated in Henan China.

</doc>
<doc id="18528652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528652" title="United Nations Office for Partnerships">
United Nations Office for Partnerships

The United Nations Office for Partnerships (UNOP) serves as a gateway for partnership opportunities with the United Nations. It promotes new collaborations and alliances that help fulfill the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) and provides support to new initiatives of the Secretary-General. UNOP provides partnership advisory services and outreach to a variety of entities, as well as managing the United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP), established by the Secretary-General in March 1998 to serve as the interface in the partnership between the UN system and the UN Foundation, and the United Nations Democracy Fund (UNDEF), established by the Secretary-General in July 2005 to support democratization throughout the world. The Office, headed by Amir Dossal, reports to the Secretary-General, Ban Ki-moon. The Deputy Secretary-General, Asha-Rose Migiro, oversees the day-to-day operations of UNOP.
UN Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP).
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) was established by then-Secretary-General Kofi Annan in March 1998 to serve as the interface for the partnership between the United Nations system and the United Nations Foundation—the public charity responsible for administering Ted Turner's $1 billion contribution in support of UN causes.
UNFIP is responsible for administering and developing partnerships between the agencies, departments, and programmes of the United Nations and the private sector. UNFIP works with foundations and corporations that wish to support UN causes to identify opportunities for partnership and collaboration.
In particular, UNFIP facilitates the UN's work with the United Nations Foundation, which Ted Turner established to donate $1 billion to the UN over the course of 15 years, though UNFIP has also worked closely with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Ford Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation, the Synergos Institute, and the LTB Foundation, among others. UNFIP has entered into partnerships with companies such as Google, Microsoft, and Ericsson. The partnerships developed and managed by UNFIP all work towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals. UNFIP is supervised by Shari Klugman, the Chief Operating Officer.
UNFIP priorities.
Funds mobilized by the UN Foundation are channelled, through UNFIP into the UN system, for implementation of projects to achieve the Millennium Development Goals through investments in:
Since 1998, the UN Foundation has contributed a total of $1.028 billion in grants to the United Nations through UNFIP. The contributions have been provided to fund 413 projects in 123 countries implemented by 39 UN agencies. The UN Foundation is working to leverage another $1 billion for UN causes within the next few years.
UN Democracy Fund (UNDEF).
The United Nations Democracy Fund (UNDEF), established by then-Secretary-General Kofi Annan in July 2005, supports democratization throughout the world by focusing on democratic institutions, promoting human rights, and ensuring the participation of all groups in democratic processes. UNDEF provides assistance to governmental, non-governmental, national, regional, and international organizations, including relevant UN departments, offices, funds, programmes, and agencies.
UNDEF, which is overseen by Roland Rich, complements current UN efforts to strengthen and expand democracy worldwide.
UNDEF Priorities.
As of June 2009, the Democracy Fund had received over US$96 million in pledges or contributions from 36 member states.
UNDEF launched the second round of project applications from November to December 2008 and received over 1,800 applications. In early 2008, UNDEF conducted assessments of these projects with a team of assessors using a score scale, which resulted in a short list of 360 projects. The Programme Consultative Group (PCG) members consist of the UN Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM), the UN Department of Peacekeeping Operations (DPKO), the Office of the UN High Commissioner of Human Rights (OHCHR), the UN Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), the UN Development Programme (UNDP), and the UN Department of Political Affairs (UNDPA) (with the Peacebuilding commission as an observer).
UN Resident Coordinators participate in a quality control process of reviewing projects and produce a list of 86 projects totaling a project cost of about $25 million. UNDEF held its 7th Advisory Board meeting with the Secretary-General on 28 March 2008. In May, all 86 projects were approved by the Secretary-General and in June 2008, UNDEF forwarded letters to all Permanent Representatives informing them of projects which will take place in their countries. In parallel to this effort, UNDEF initiated negotiation of project documents with implementing agencies of 86 projects. Upon approval by the UN Controller’s Office, UNDEF will initiate disbursements of grants in July and August 2008.
Partnership Advisory Services.
UNOP also provides Partnership Advisory Services and Outreach to a variety of entities, including academic institutions, companies, foundations, government agencies, and civil society organizations. UNOP encourages investment in high-impact initiatives by advising on UN procedures and best practices; assisting in the design of programmes and projects; helping establish and, in some cases, manage global and regional networks; and advocating use of the MDGs as a framework for action.
Outreach.
UNOP has worked in close collaboration with the United Nations Foundation to further promote and implement partnership advisory services and outreach initiatives, and foster innovative strategies for engaging non-state actors with the UN System. The Office has also brokered and coordinated strategies to strengthen the Organization's expertise and capacity to engage corporations, foundations, and individuals in UN causes and to support the United Nations system in its advocacy and outreach efforts through partnership building.
In the last decade the number of private-sector entities who approached the UN seeking advice on how to engage and provide assistance has increased significantly. Companies of various sizes that produce a wide spectrum of goods and services have approached the UNOP offering their help or seeking advice on how to collaborate with the UN on finding sustainable solutions to some of the world's most challenging problems.
Although most of the private-sector companies and foundations interested in increased engagement with the UN system are based in developed countries, those with origins in developing countries has been increasing steadily. The Office has received strong interest in partnering in UN-led poverty reduction, disaster prevention, education, health, and environmental programmes, as well as disaster relief and humanitarian assistance, in the least-developed countries.

</doc>
<doc id="18528658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528658" title="Dear Science">
Dear Science

Dear Science is the third album by American art rock band TV on the Radio. It was released via Interscope Records in the United States, Touch and Go Records on iTunes and was licensed through 4AD in Europe and all remaining territories. Despite the marketed release date of September 22–23, the album was available for download on the U.S. iTunes Store on September 16, 2008. The vinyl LP also comes with a free MP3 download coupon. "Dear Science" received near unanimous acclaim from critics and charted worldwide.
History.
Kyp Malone said that the title came from "a note that Dave wrote in the studio that said,
In promotion of the album, TV on the Radio was interviewed on the February 9, 2009 episode of "The Colbert Report", where "Dancing Choose" was performed to end the show.
The song "DLZ" is featured during the 10th episode of season 2 of the drama Breaking Bad and on the 12th episode of Season 2 of The Vampire Diaries.
"Halfway Home" used in the promotional trailer for Skins series three.
"Dancing Choose" is featured in the video game 
The rock band Phish began covering "Golden Age" in 2009.
Critical response.
"Dear Science" was named the best album of 2008 by "Rolling Stone", "The Guardian", "Spin", MTV, "Entertainment Weekly", the Pitchfork Media's readers poll, and the "Village Voice".
Pitchfork Media placed "Dear Science" at number 140 on their list of top 200 albums of the 2000s, and 6th on their "50 Best Albums of 2008" list. "Rolling Stone" named it the 48th best album of the decade.
Remix EP.
In early 2009, a remix EP was announced for release on February 17, although it was delayed until April 14. "Read Silence" was released exclusively through iTunes and featured remixes of "Shout Me Out", "Red Dress", and "Stork & Owl" by Gang Gang Dance, Jneiro Jarel, and Glitch Mob.
Track listing.
Bonus tracks
Personnel.
Band
Production
Design
Additional musicians

</doc>
<doc id="18528669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528669" title="Motohiro Yoshida">
Motohiro Yoshida


</doc>
<doc id="18528680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528680" title="Shinji Jojo">
Shinji Jojo

Jojo played for Urawa Red Diamonds, Albirex Niigata and Shonan Bellmare in the J. League Division 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18528688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528688" title="Highlands Historic District (Fall River, Massachusetts)">
Highlands Historic District (Fall River, Massachusetts)

Highlands Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by June, Cherry, and Weetamoe Streets, Lincoln, Highland, President, North Main, and Hood Avenues in Fall River, Massachusetts. The district lies just north of the Lower Highlands Historic District (Ref #84002171).
The Highlands Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It encompasses over and contains over 300 structures.
History.
The area known today as the "highlands" in Fall River was originally known as the Rodman Farm. The area is located along a high ridge with views of the Taunton River and Mount Hope Bay. After the original downtown area of the city suffered a devastating fire in 1843, the wealthy mill owners and their families gradually sought to distance themselves from the central business district. 
The Highlands Historic District contains a wide variety of mostly residential homes largely built between 1840 and 1925. Just one home, the Church-Tory house (c.1750) at 96 French Street predates the major development of the area. 
The district also includes North Park, designed by the Olmsted Brothers in the mid-1880s.
Contributing properties (partial listing).
Residential
Educational/public
Religious

</doc>
<doc id="18528697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528697" title="Mahaut of Châtillon">
Mahaut of Châtillon

Mahaut of Châtillon (1293–1358) was the daughter of Guy III of Châtillon and Marie of Brittany. Her maternal grandmother was Beatrice of England. Beatrice was a daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
Marriage.
In 1308 she married Charles of Valois, the son of Philip III of France and Isabella of Aragon. He was also the brother of Philip IV of France. Charles himself had married twice before; upon the death of his second wife Catherine I of Courtenay in 1308, he married Mahaut. Mahaut and Charles had four children. One of their daughters would make them ancestors of French Kings, and another daughter would become Queen of Germany.
Mahaut and Charles's children were:
Her husband Charles died in 1325. Mahaut died 33 years later in 1358 at the age of 65, having outlived three of her four children; only her daughter Isabella outlived her.

</doc>
<doc id="18528705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528705" title="Bruno Schlokat">
Bruno Schlokat

Willy Bruno Ewald Schlokat (June 23, 1898 – September 14, 1993) was a German track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Malinovka, Kaliningrad Oblast, Russian Empire and died in Elmshorn.
In 1928 he finished fifth in the javelin throw competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18528708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528708" title="Kennedy Park (Fall River, Massachusetts)">
Kennedy Park (Fall River, Massachusetts)

Kennedy Park (originally known as South Park) is a historic park located in Fall River, Massachusetts. It is bounded by South Main Street, Bradford Avenue, Middle, and Bay Streets in the southern part of the city. The area of the city where the park is located was until 1862, part of Rhode Island.
The park was originally the farm of John Durfee. The location gained national attention in December 1832, when the pregnant lifeless body of Sarah M. Cornell was found hanging from a stackpole there. Her death was later deemed to be murder. Methodist minister Ephraim K. Avery was accused of the crime, but acquitted after a sensational trial. The verdict outraged many local citizens. Sarah's body was initially buried on the Durfee farm, but moved years later to Oak Grove Cemetery when the park was being built.
Built in 1868, designed by famed 19th century landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted and Calvert Vaux, the park was originally known as "South Park". It was updated in 1904 by the Olmsted Brothers. The park was renamed in 1963 following the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. The park provides a vast area of open space in the middle of a particularly dense portion of the city, surrounded by many triple-decker working-class tenement houses and the Catholic St. Anne's Church.
The park has three sections: a flat upper section used for baseball and recreation fields, a sloping middle portion with sweeping views of Mount Hope Bay, and a lower somewhat wooded portion along the Bay.
The park was added to the National Historic Register in 1983. It was restored in 2001.
Kennedy Park has long been used a place for public events in the city. 
In September 1996, over 25,000 people gathered in the lower portion of the park to see then President Bill Clinton during a campaign stop for his 1996 re-election.
Each August since 1986, the park hosts the Great Holy Ghost Feast of New England, a celebration of Azorean culture which attracts over 200,000 people each year.

</doc>
<doc id="18528715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528715" title="Cove Island Light">
Cove Island Light

The Cove Island Light, located in Fathom Five National Marine Park, on the Bruce Peninsula, Ontario Canada, has stood guard, warning Great Lakes mariners navigating the treacherous narrow channel between Lake Huron and Georgian Bay, since it became operational in October 1858.
History.
Construction began in 1855 with a crew that consisted of: 7 masons/stone cutters, 10 labourers, 1 blacksmith, 1 foreman and 3 horses. One of the workmen left his mark by scratching his initials and the date in wet mortar, halfway up the tower. While under construction, the crew kept a light burning on the island by placing a lantern at the top of the unfinished tower.
The lamp itself underwent several transformations starting with an Argand lamp fueled with sperm whale oil, then a flat wick coal oil lamp, replaced with an oil vapour light about 1900. Vapourized kerosene was burned to keep the beacon aglow. An on-site generator provided electricity during the 1950s and in 1971, an underwater power cable was laid from Tobermory to the island.
Similar in style to the other Imperial Towers lighthouses on Chantry Island, at Point Clark and on Griffith Island, the Cove Island lighthouse has 5 sets of stairs with 15 steps each, one set with 11 steps and the final curved iron stairway to the lamp room has 9 steps (total: 95 steps). An iron door leads into the lamp room. The stone lightkeeper's cottage adjacent to the tower was built at the same time. The "new" lightkeepers house was built in 1970 a short distance from the tower.
This lightstation was continuously manned from 1858 to 1991, making it the longest keeper-occupied lightstation in Ontario.
The lighthouse tower, the original house and fog plant, a workshop, the assistant keeper's house and the modern lightkeeper's house make up the lightstation today.
Lightkeepers.
George Collins, 1858–1860, was the first person to serve as light keeper at the Isle of Coves. Born in England, in 1817, George Collins went to sea at the young age of 12 where he traveled the globe. By his early 20's, Collins had risen to the rank of captain In 1851, Collins immigrated to Canada where he settled in Kingston before moving to Collingwood in 1855.
When word of the Imperial Towers were soon to be completed and become operational spread throughout Canada West, applications for positions as light keepers came in from all over the country. With his vast maritime experience George Collins applied for the position of light keeper at the Nottawasaga Island light near his home at Collingwood. For some strange reason was appointed keeper at the Isle of Coves instead. David McBeath, on the other hand, applied for the light keeper's position at Isle of Coves, and was given the job at Nottawasaga instead.
David McBeath, 1860 - 1872 Of all the fascinating stories the Isle of Coves Light station has to tell, nothing compares with the drama of David Mc Beath and his family running out of food.
It was early December 1860, and with winter fast approaching, light keeper David Mc Beath, his wife Mary Jane, and their five young children were quickly running out of food. For weeks they had to ration their food. An urgent letter sent by Mc Beath through D.C. Smith in early November to the Public Works Department went unanswered. Twice Mc Beath tried to flag down a passing vessel with no success. He was desperate for food to feed his starving wife and children. The lake was beginning to freeze. Mc Beath had an extremely difficult decision to make: stay on the island in the hope that food may arrive soon and risk starvation, or load his family into the boat and take his chances on the cold turbulent lake and reaching safety on the mainland.
Superintendent of Lighthouses D.C. Smith, on becoming aware of Mc BeathBeath's situation sent a letter dated November 8, 1860 to Public Works Secretary T. Trudeau, stating the Mc Beath family was “in indigent circumstances with a large family, and in winter season cannot lay in his stock of provisions.” 
Bryce Millar, 1872–1876
George Currie, 1878–1902, is remembered for his part in the aftermath of the sinking of the schooner 'Regina' off Gat Point, Cove Island, on 10 September 1866. Only the captain, Amos Tripp, was lost during the storm and his body was found and buried on Cove Island by George Currie. On September 25 in his personal diary George Currie wrote: “went to west side of island to-day, found the body of Captain Tripp who was drowned on the 10th inst. - sewed him up in Canvas and buried him, the topmasts are still to be seen above the water. . .”
Two weeks later George Currie recovered the remains of Captain Tripp and about October 1 returned the body to his family aboard the steamer Jane Miller for interment in Owen Sound.
Harold Banas, 1945 - 1946 The bride of Cove Island's first wedding ceremony, Iris Banas, 19, wife of Lighthouse Keeper Harold "Hal" Banas, is happy that she traded mainland life to be one of Cove island's three inhabitants. Earl Banas 22, assistant and brother of light keeper Hal Banas, is the third member of the trio.
"The island it is a wonderful place. I wouldn't mind living here for years and years, said the former Iris Hine of Killaloe, near Ottawa.
"Hal and Iris pulled a surprise on me said Earl, best man at the wedding. "I didn't know a thing about it until I met the minister and he said his visit was to officiate at the marriage."
The ceremony was performed on a high rocky platform directly below the light tower. "In the excitement I forgot the ring and the ceremony was held up for a minute while I went inside the house to find it.. " Earl related. Rev. E.B. Arrol of Tobermory officiated. Six people, including the principals and Mrs. Arrol, were present at the ceremony.
Russell Botham, 1947–1948 
William (Bill) Spears, 1949–1976, has spent a lifetime keeping the lamp lit at lighthouses around the Great Lakes . He was only six months old when his father William, mother and sister Viola moved to Flowerpot Island to assume the position of light keeper.
From April to December Bill Spears and his seven sisters lived their young years in the keeper's red and white house on the island. He recalls his mother worried a lot about the isolation of an island lighthouse. In those days, there were no radios and no helicopters to come to the rescue if someone needed urgent medical attention.
As a young boy Spears recalls wandering the shore of Flowerpot Island picking up the remnants of ships that broke up and went down in the great storm of 1913. “ The lake can get angry very quickly," he says. " Ten minutes if she really gets down to blow.”
Bill Spears was replaced by Bob Nelder, along with Jack Vaughn both were light keepers at Cove Island from 1982–1991, they were the last keepers of Cove Island.

</doc>
<doc id="18528717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528717" title="William M. Manley House">
William M. Manley House

William M. Manley House is a historic house located at 610 Cherry Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. The brick house was built in 1876. The double-bay wooden storefronts / porches were added around 1894 and expanded in 1916. 
The house is an unusual Italianate brick villa with a matching carriage house. William Manley, a mason & builder had his office and house located here in 1876. He sold the property to the Taunton Brick Co. who held the property until 1887 when they sold it to the Second Baptist Society of Fall River. They used it as a parsonage until 1909. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18528731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528731" title="William Lindsey House (Fall River, Massachusetts)">
William Lindsey House (Fall River, Massachusetts)

William Lindsey House is a historic house located at 373 North Main Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was designed by Rhode Island architect Russell Warren in 1844 for William Lindsey, a local merchant. It is one of seven extant monumental temple-fronted Greek Revival houses in Fall River, along with the John Mace Smith House next door. 
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is used for law offices.

</doc>
<doc id="18528742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528742" title="House at 108-112 Quarry Street">
House at 108-112 Quarry Street

House at 108-112 Quarry Street is a historic house at 108-112 Quarry Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. The 1-1/2 story house was built in 1850 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. 
At that time, it was considered to be a Greek Revival cottage in "pristine condition, representative of the best mid-19th century vernacular architecture in Fall River", with its original clapboard siding, windows, doors and detailing. However, since then, it has been significantly altered, with vinyl siding added and original doors, windows and detailing removed.

</doc>
<doc id="18528751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528751" title="Hakan B. Gülsün">
Hakan B. Gülsün

Hakan Gülsün (1960–2009) was a Turkish art historian, Ph.D. of Art History at the Istanbul Technical University in Istanbul. He had been a curator at the Dolmabahçe Palace in Istanbul since 1986. 
Hakan Gülsün died on 9 June 2009.
Biography.
As the son of a Turkish family, he was born in Istanbul, Turkey. He graduated from Istanbul University and completed his postgraduate studies at the Istanbul University under Professor Nurhan Atasoy. He got his Ph.D. at Istanbul Technical University in the Faculty of Architecture. His thesis was titled "Status Of Dolmabahçe and Çerağan Palaces In the 19th Century" (May 1999).
Works.
Gülsün lastly taught the General Education class titled "Art in Europe" in both Bahçeşehir University and Yıldız Technical University while continuing his Curatorship at Dolmabahçe Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="18528754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528754" title="Fall River Waterworks">
Fall River Waterworks

Fall River Waterworks is a historic site located at the eastern end Bedford Street in Fall River, Massachusetts, along the shore of North Watuppa Pond. The property, which is still used as a water works for the city, contains the original pumping station, intake house and tall standpipe water tower. The system was originally built between 1872 and 1875, and expanded or upgraded many times. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981. 
The property also contains several non-contributing modern structures, that are still in use as part of the water works, including the 1976 filtration plant, the 1922 administration building, maintenance buildings and two large mid-20th century steel water tanks. The water supply system provides an average of 11 million gallons per day to Fall River and several surrounding communities.
History.
Between 1870 and 1875, the City of Fall River experienced remarkable population growth. To keep up with demand for water for drinking and fire protection purposes, the Fall River Board of Water Commissioners was established in 1871. The buildings for the waterworks were constructed between 1872 and 1875 along the shore of North Watuppa Pond, a large naturally-occurring water body at the east end of the city. The original buildings were constructed from local Fall River granite, mostly in the Ruskinian Gothic style. The engine house was designed to contain four engines, two for the high-service system and two for the low-service system. Initially, the system only contained two engines, one for each system. The first engine went into service in January 1874. It was a double horizontal condensing engine, built by the Boston Machine Company, and rated at 3 million gallons per day. It served the low-service system, which consisted of a 24-inch force main down Bedford Street to downtown. The high-service system consisted of a 16-inch force main down Bedford Street to Robeson, where it split to the higher elevations on each side of the Quequechan River. The high-service system went into service in 1875, and was supplied by a Worthington duplex pumping engine powering a pump rated at 5 million gallons per day. The pump house was also fitted with gates so that each pump could power either the high or low systems, if needed. By 1876, more than 45 miles of water pipe, ranging from 6 to 24 inches in diameter had been installed throughout the city.
The National Register designation includes the original pumping station that consists of the engine house, boiler house and coal house, the intake building, the standpipe water tower, as well as the 1908 Narrows gate house located at the southern end of North Watuppa Pond, adjacent to Interstate 195.

</doc>
<doc id="18528755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528755" title="Paavo Liettu">
Paavo Liettu

Paavo Liettu (16 May 1905 – 4 September 1964) was a Finnish track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Keuruu and died in Tampere.
In 1928 he finished fourth in the javelin throw competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18528766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528766" title="Fall River Bleachery">
Fall River Bleachery

Fall River Bleachery is an historic textile bleachery on Jefferson Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The bleachery was built in 1872 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Historical background.
The primary product of most of the mills in Fall River was cotton print cloth. Much of it was printed at the American Print Works, which was one of the largest such companies in the United States. The best printing results are obtained from pure white cloth. During the period between 1870 and 1872, the city of Fall River grew rapidly, adding dozens of new mills during this time.
By 1872, Spencer Borden, the son of Jefferson Borden, had become trained chemist and had travelled to Europe to study the process of bleaching and dyeing textiles. On his return trip to the United States, he gathered a group of mill owners, including ones in New Bedford and Rhode Island to discuss the idea of establishing a large-scale bleachery in the area. A committee was formed to locate a suitable site. They tested the quality of the water supply in several areas in Fall River, Somerset, Tiverton, and as far north as Bridgewater. It was finally decided to locate the new bleachery at the mouth of Sucker Brook, where it flowed into South Watuppa Pond, in the southeast corner of the city of Fall River. The Sucker Brook is fed by Stafford Pond, a spring-fed water body in nearby Tiverton, Rhode Island. Its water was exceptionally pure with a high flow rate.
The bleachery mills were soon constructed from native Fall River granite found on the site. The factory was designed so that the water from the brook could flow through the facility without the need for pumping. Jefferson Borden was chosen as the first president of the company, which had a capacity to process up to thirteen tons of cotton annually.
The site would later be expanded over the years to keep up with demand from the many area mills. By about 1906, the bleachery had a capacity of 50 tons per day.
A portion of the complex was destroyed by fire on October 30, 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="18528775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528775" title="John M. Earle House">
John M. Earle House

John M. Earle House is a historic house located at 352 Durfee Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1870 by John M. Earle, a carpenter in the Italianate Villa style. The Earle House is located on Durfee Street in a once more fashionable neighborhood which has suffered from downtown commercial encroachment.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. Since that time, the house has been significantly altered with much of the original wood details removed, including quoins, and covered with vinyl siding. The original windows have also been replaced.

</doc>
<doc id="18528776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528776" title="Thomas Jefferson and education">
Thomas Jefferson and education

Thomas Jefferson's support of education is best known through his founding of the University of Virginia, which he established in 1819 as a secular institution after he left the presidency of the United States. Jefferson believed that libraries and books were so integral to individual and institutional education that he designed the university around its library. 
In his book "Notes on the State of Virginia," (1785), Jefferson had described his ideas for public education at the elementary level. In 1817 he proposed a plan for a system of limited state public education for males only, in keeping with the times. It depended on public grammar schools, and further education of a limited number of the best students, and those whose parents wanted to pay for them. The university was to be the capstone, available to only the best selected students. Virginia did not establish free public education in the primary grades until after the American Civil War under the Reconstruction era legislature.
Jefferson's education.
Jefferson began his childhood education under the direction of tutors/teachers at Tuckahoe along with the Randolph children.
In 1752, Jefferson began attending a local school run by a Scottish Presbyterian minister. At the age of nine, Jefferson began studying Latin, Greek, and French; he learned to ride horses, and began to appreciate the study of nature. He studied under the Reverend James Maury from 1758 to 1760 near Gordonsville, Virginia. While boarding with Maury's family, he studied history, science and the classics.
In 1760 Jefferson entered The College of William & Mary in Williamsburg at the age of 16; he studied there for two years, graduating with highest honors in 1762. At William & Mary, he enrolled in the philosophy school and studied mathematics, metaphysics, and philosophy under Professor William Small, who introduced Jefferson to the writings of the British Empiricists, including John Locke, Francis Bacon, and Isaac Newton. He also perfected his French, carried his Greek grammar book wherever he went, practiced the violin, and read Tacitus and Homer. Jefferson displayed an avid curiosity in all fields and, according to the family tradition, frequently studied fifteen hours a day. His closest college friend, John Page of Rosewell, reported that Jefferson "could tear himself away from his dearest friends to fly to his studies."
While in college, Jefferson was a member of a secret organization called the Flat Hat Club, now the namesake of the William & Mary student newspaper. He lodged and boarded at the College in the building known today as the Sir Christopher Wren Building, attending communal meals in the Great Hall, and morning and evening prayers in the Wren Chapel. Jefferson often attended the lavish parties of royal governor Francis Fauquier, where he played his violin and developed an early love for wines. After graduation, he studied law with George Wythe and was admitted to the Virginia bar in 1767.
Libraries.
Throughout his life, Jefferson depended on books for his education. He collected and accumulated thousands of books for his library at Monticello. A significant portion of Jefferson's library was also bequeathed to him in the will of George Wythe, who had an extensive collection. Always eager for more knowledge, Jefferson continued learning throughout most of his life. Jefferson once said, "I cannot live without books."
By 1815, Jefferson's library included 6,487 books, which he sold to the Library of Congress for $23,950 to replace the smaller collection destroyed in the War of 1812. He intended to pay off some of his large debt, but immediately started buying more books. In honor of Jefferson's contribution, the library's website for federal legislative information was named THOMAS. In 2007, Jefferson's two-volume 1764 edition of the Qur'an was used by Rep. Keith Ellison for his swearing in to the House of Representatives.
In February 2011 the "New York Times" reported that a part of Jefferson's retirement library, containing 74 volumes with 28 book titles, was discovered at Washington University in St. Louis.
Notes on the State of Virginia.
In 1780 Jefferson as governor received numerous questions about Virginia, posed to him by François Barbé-Marbois, then Secretary of the French delegation in Philadelphia, the temporary capital of the united colonies, who intended to gather pertinent data on the American colonies. Jefferson's responses to Marbois' "Queries" would become known as "Notes on the State of Virginia" (1785). Scientifically trained, Jefferson was a member of the American Philosophical Society, which had been founded in Philadelphia in 1743. He had extensive knowledge of western lands from Virginia to Illinois. In a course of 5 years, Jefferson enthusiastically devoted his intellectual energy to the book; he included a discussion of contemporary scientific knowledge, and Virginia's history, politics, and ethnography. Jefferson was aided by Thomas Walker, George R. Clark, and U.S. geographer Thomas Hutchins. The book was first published in France in 1785 and in England in 1787.
It has been ranked as the most important American book published before 1800. The book is Jefferson's vigorous and often eloquent argument about the nature of the good society, which he believed was incarnated by Virginia. In it he expressed his beliefs in the separation of church and state, constitutional government, checks and balances, and individual liberty. He also compiled extensive data about the state's natural resources and economy.
Presidency.
Military Academy at West Point.
Ideas for a national institution for military education were circulated during the American Revolution. It wasn't until 1802 when Jefferson, following the advice of George Washington, John Adams and others, finally convinced Congress to authorize the funding and building of the United States Military Academy at West Point on the Hudson River in New York. On March 16, 1802, Jefferson signed the Military Peace Establishment Act, directing that a corps of engineers be established and "stationed at West Point in the state of New York, and shall constitute a Military Academy." The Act would provide well-trained officers for a professional army. The officers would be reliable republicans rather than a closed elite as in Europe, for the cadets were to be appointed by Congressmen, and thus exactly reflect the nation's politics. In May 1801 Secretary of War Henry Dearborn announced that the president had "decided in favor of the immediate establishment of a military school at West Point and also on the appointment of Major Jonathan Williams", grandnephew of Benjamin Franklin, to direct "the necessary arrangements, at that place for the commencement of the school." On July 4, 1802, the US Military Academy at West Point formally commenced its role as an institution for scientific and military learning.
Later years.
Plan for systematic education.
In 1817, Jefferson proposed a system of public schools for the Commonwealth of Virginia in the interest of "diffusknowledge more generally through the mass of the people". According to Jefferson, "The ultimate result of the whole scheme of education would be the teaching all the children of the state reading, writing, and common arithmetic: turning out [several annually of superior genius, well taught in Greek, Latin, geography, and the higher branches of arithmetic: turning out...others annually, of still superior parts, who, to those branches of learning, shall have added such of the sciences as their genius shall have led them to." As a byproduct, this plan would furnish "to the wealthier part of the people convenient schools, at which their children may be educated, at their own expence." 
The plan was for education of children in three successive stages corresponding with three types of schools: primary schools, which all children, regardless of their parents' financial ability, would be able to attend for at least three years; intermediate schools, for students who excelled in primary school, as well as for children whose parents are willing and able to pay for it; and the university, for students whose parents were willing to pay.
Stage I: primary school (ages 6–8).
Jefferson proposed creating several five- to six-square-mile-sized school districts, called "wards" or "hundreds", throughout Virginia, where "the great mass of the people will receive their instruction". Each district would have a primary school and a tutor who is supported by a tax on the people of the district. Every family in the district would be entitled to send their children to the school for three years, free of charge. A family could continue sending a child after three years, but the family would have to pay for it.
These schools would teach "reading, writing, and arithmetic"; the "general notions of geography"; as well as Grecian, Roman, European and American history. It was important that all children learn history because "apprising them of the past will enable them to judge of the future." According to Jefferson, "the principal foundations of future order will be laid here" and "the first elements of morality too may be instilled into children's minds". 
Jefferson opposed providing children in these schools religious texts, since he believed the children would be "at an age when their judgments are not sufficiently matured for religious enquiries". However, he was in favor of showing the children that happiness "does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed them, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits."
Stage II: intermediate school (ages 9–16).
Each year, an official would visit the Fayoy school and choose one boy — a boy whose parents were too poor to provide their child further education — to continue on for at least one or two (and possibly up to eight) years at one of the Commonwealth's twenty grammar schools. Other parents willing and able to pay for it could send their children as well. 
In the grammar schools, children would learn Greek and Latin; advanced geography; the higher branches of numerical arithmetic; geometry; and the elementary principles of navigation.
Jefferson believed that a child's memory is the most active between the ages of 8 and 16 years. As he thought that learning languages mostly involved memorizing, he thought this period was the ideal time to learn "the most useful languages antient and modern." Linguists have found that people learn additional languages more readily if starting at a younger age. Jefferson thought this age group was also best able to acquire mental "tools for future operation", including "useful facts and good principles". He warned that "if this period be suffered to pass in idleness, the mind become lethargic and impotent, as would the body it inhabits if unexercised during the same time."
After about two years, the "best genius" from each grammar school would be selected to continue another six years studying these subjects, while the rest would be dismissed. According to Jefferson, "By this means twenty of the best geniuses will be raked from the rubbish annually, and be instructed, at the public expence, so far as the grammar schools go." 
Stage III: university (ages 17–19).
At the end of grammar school, one half of the boys would be dismissed. This half would include future grammar school masters. The other half, "chosen for the superiority of their parts and disposition," would continue studying three more years at the university, "in the study of such sciences as they shall chuse". Jefferson considered the university to be the capstone of the educational system. To accommodate the influx of students, Jefferson proposed that the College of William and Mary be enlarged "and extended to all the useful sciences".
Father of a university.
After leaving the presidency, Jefferson continued to be active in public affairs. He also became increasingly concerned with founding a new institution of higher learning, specifically one free of church influences, where students could specialize in many new areas not offered at other universities. Jefferson believed educating people was a good way to establish an organized society, and also felt schools should be paid for by the general public, so less wealthy people could obtain student membership as well. A letter to Joseph Priestley, in January, 1800, indicated that he had been planning the University for decades before its establishment.
His dream was realized in 1819 with the founding of the University of Virginia. Upon its opening in 1825, it was then the first university to offer a full slate of elective courses to its students. Closely involved in the university until his death, Jefferson invited students and faculty of the school to his home; Edgar Allan Poe was among those students.
One of the largest construction projects to that time in North America, the university was notable for being centered about a library rather than a church. Jefferson did not include a campus chapel in his original plans. 
Jefferson is widely recognized for his architectural planning of the University of Virginia and its grounds. His innovative design was a powerful representation of his aspirations for both state sponsored education and an agrarian democracy in the new Republic. His educational idea of creating specialized units of learning is physically expressed in the configuration of his campus plan, which he called the "Academical Village." Individual academic units are designed as distinct structures, represented by Pavilions, facing a grassy quadrangle, with each Pavilion housing classroom, faculty office, and residences. Though unique, each is visually equal in importance, and they are linked together with a series of open-air arcades that are the front facades of student accommodations. Gardens and vegetable plots are placed behind surrounded by serpentine walls, affirming the importance of the agrarian lifestyle.
Jefferson's highly ordered site plan establishes an ensemble of buildings surrounding a central rectangular quadrangle, named The Lawn, which is lined on either side with the academic teaching units and their linking arcades. The quad is enclosed at one end with the library, the repository of knowledge, at the head of the table. The remaining side opposite the library remained open-ended for future growth. The lawn rises gradually as a series of stepped terraces, each a few feet higher than the last, rising up to the library, which was set in the most prominent position at the top.
Jefferson was a proponent of the Greek and Roman architectural styles, which he believed to be most representative of American democracy by historical association. These were popular during the federal period across the United States. Each academic unit is designed with a two-story temple front facing the quadrangle, while the library is modeled on the Roman Pantheon. The ensemble of buildings surrounding the quad is a statement of the importance of secular public education, while the exclusion of religious structures reinforces the principal of separation of church and state. The campus planning and architectural treatment is considered a paradigm of the ordering of man-made structures to express intellectual ideas and aspirations. A survey of members of the American Institute of Architects identified Jefferson's campus as the most significant work of architecture in America.
The University was designed as the capstone of the educational system of Virginia. In Jefferson's vision, any young white male citizen of the commonwealth could attend the school if he had the required ability and achievement as an earlier student.
Jefferson's views on education of citizens.
Jefferson was an advocate of public education. In a 1786 letter to George Wythe, he remarked that "the most important bill in our whole code, is that for the diffusion of knowledge among the people." He believed that "no other sure foundation can be devised for the preservation of freedom and happiness" and that failing to provide public education would "leave the people in ignorance." But, Jefferson did not believe in forcing parents to place their children in school, positing that "it is better to tolerate the rare instance of a parent refusing to let his child be educated, than to shock the common feelings and ideas by the forcible asportation and education of the infant against the will of the father."
Views on classical learning.
"For classical learning I have ever been a zealous advocate."—Thomas Jefferson to Thomas Cooper, 1814. ME 14:200
"When we advert that the ancient classical languages are considered as the foundation preparatory for all the sciences; that we have always had schools scattered over the country for teaching these languages, which often were the ultimate term of education; that these languages are entered on at the age of nine or ten years, at which age parents would be unwilling to send their children from every part of the State to a central and distant university, and when we observe that... there are to be a plurality of them, we may well conclude that the Greek and Latin are the objects of these colleges... and that they are intended as the portico of entry to the university."—Thomas Jefferson to Wilson C. Nicholas, 1816. ME 14:452
"To whom are these languages useful? Certainly not to all men. There are conditions of life to which they must be forever estranged, and there are epochs of life, too, after which the endeavor to attain them would be a great misemployment of time. Their acquisition should be the occupation of our early years only, when the memory is susceptible of deep and lasting impressions, and reason and judgment not yet strong enough for abstract speculations."—Thomas Jefferson to John Brazier, 1819. ME 15:209
"Latin and Greek languages... constitute the basis of good education, and are indispensable to fill up the character of a 'well-educated man.'"—Thomas Jefferson: Virginia Board of Visitors Minutes, 1824. ME 19:444
"to the extent to which classical learning should be carried in our country... The utilities we derive from the remains of the Greek and Latin languages are, first, as models of pure taste in writing. To these we are certainly indebted for the rational and chaste style of modern composition which so much distinguishes the nations to whom these languages are familiar... Second. Among the values of classical learning, I estimate the luxury of reading the Greek and Roman authors in all the beauties of their originals. And why should not this innocent and elegant luxury take its preeminent stand ahead of all those addressed merely to the sense?... Third. A third value is in the stores of real science deposited and transmitted us in these languages, to wit: in history, ethics, arithmetic, geometry, astronomy, natural history, etc."—Thomas Jefferson to John Brazier, 1819. ME 15:208
"was the first of civilized nations presented example of what man should be."—Thomas Jefferson to A. Coray, 1823. ME 15:481
"I think the Greeks and Romans have left us the present models which exist of fine composition, whether we examine them as works of reason, or of style and fancy; and to them we probably owe these characteristics of modern composition. I know of no composition of any other ancient people which merits the least regard as a model for its matter or style. To all this I add, that to read the Latin and Greek authors in their original is a sublime luxury; and I deem luxury in science to be at least as justifiable as in architecture, painting, gardening, or the other arts."—Thomas Jefferson to Joseph Priestley, 1800. ME 10:146
"It may be truly said that the classical languages are a solid basis for most, and an ornament to all the sciences."—Thomas Jefferson to John Brazier, 1819. ME 15:211
"I make it a rule never to read translations where I can read the original."—Thomas Jefferson to Edmund Randolph, 1794. ME 9:280
"Indeed, no translation can be adequate representation of the excellences of the original."—Thomas Jefferson to A. L. C. Destutt de Tracy, 1811. ME 13:14
"I have not, however, carried so far as do my ideas of the importance of a hypercritical knowledge of the Latin and Greek languages. I have believed it sufficient to possess a substantial understanding of their authors."—Thomas Jefferson to Thomas Cooper, 1814. ME 14:200
Views on textbooks.
Jefferson was not opposed to textbooks, and believed that in most cases an individual professor, not school trustees, should be the one to choose which particular texts should be used in that professor's course. One exception would be a case in which a professor desired to teach using a text that advocated federalism. In such a case, Jefferson believed the trustees would be justified in overruling the professor in order "to guard against such principles being disseminated among our youth."
Views on mentors.
http://etext.lib.virginia.edu/jefferson/quotations/jeff1370.htm
Views on professors.
Jefferson was in favor of students learning from professors, and believed that professors should have "the talent of communicating...knowledge with facility". In addition, Jefferson believed that professors should have a knowledge not just of their own profession, but "should be otherwise well-educated as to the sciences generally; able to converse understandingly with the scientific men with whom he is associated, and to assist in the councils of the faculty on any subject of science on which they may have occasion to deliberate." A professor not so educated would "incur...contempt, and bring disreputation on the institution." Jefferson was also in favor of selecting professors based on their political leanings.
Views on structuring content.
"I hope the necessity will, at length, be seen of establishing institutions here, as in Europe, where every branch of science, useful at this day, may be taught in its highest degree."—Thomas Jefferson to John Adams, 1814. ME 14:151
"What are the objects of an useful American education? Classical knowledge, modern languages and chiefly French, Spanish, and Italian; Mathematics, Natural philosophy, Natural history, Civil history, and Ethics. In Natural philosophy, I mean to include Chemistry and Agriculture, and in Natural history, to include Botany, as well as the other branches of those departments."—Thomas Jefferson to J. Bannister, Jr., 1785. ME 5:186, Papers 8:636
"It would be time lost... to attend professors of ethics, metaphysics, logic, etc. The first of these may be as well acquired in the closet as from living lecturers; and supposing the two last to mean the science of mind, the simple reading of Locke, Tracy, and Stewart will give him as much in that branch as is real science."—Thomas Jefferson to Thomas Cooper, 1820. ME 15:265
"Agriculture... is a science of the very first order. It counts among its handmaids the most respectable sciences, such as Chemistry, Natural Philosophy, Mechanics, Mathematics generally, Natural History, Botany. In every College and University, a professorship of agriculture, and the class of its students, might be honored as the first."—Thomas Jefferson to David Williams, 1803. ME 10:429
"In my view, no knowledge can be more satisfactory to a man than that of his own frame, its parts, their functions and actions. And Botany I rank with the most valuable sciences, whether we consider its subjects as furnishing the principal subsistence of life to man and beast, delicious varieties for our tables, refreshments from our orchards, the adornments of our flower-borders, shade and perfume of our groves, materials for our buildings, or medicaments for our bodies. To the gentleman it is certainly more interesting than Mineralogy (which I by no means, however, undervalue), and is more at hand for his amusement; and to a country family it constitutes a great portion of their social entertainment. No country gentleman should be without what amuses every step he takes into his fields."—Thomas Jefferson to Thomas Cooper, 1814. ME 14:201
"In the schools will be taught reading, writing, common arithmetic, and general notions of geography. In the colleges, ancient and modern languages, geography fully, a higher degree of numerical arithmetic, mensuration, and the elementary principles of navigation. In the , all the useful sciences in their highest degree."—Thomas Jefferson to M. Correa de Serra, 1817. ME 15:155
"I am not fully informed of the practices at Harvard, but there is one from which we shall certainly vary, although it has been copied, I believe, by nearly every college and academy in the United States. That is, the holding the students all to one prescribed course of reading, and disallowing exclusive application to those branches only which are to qualify them for the particular vocations to which they are destined. We shall, on the contrary, allow them uncontrolled choice in the lectures they shall choose to attend, and require elementary qualification only, and sufficient age."—Thomas Jefferson to George Ticknor, 1823. ME 15:455
"This institution the university will be based on the illimitable freedom of the human mind. For here we are not afraid to follow truth wherever it may lead, nor to tolerate any error so long as reason is left free to combat it."—Thomas Jefferson to William Roscoe, 1820. ME 15:303
"We do not expect our schools to turn out their alumni already enthroned on the pinnacles of their respective sciences; but only so far advanced in each as to be able to pursue them by themselves, and to become Newtons and Laplaces by energies and perseverances to be continued through life."—Thomas Jefferson to John P. Emmet, 1826. ME 16:171
"In most public seminaries textbooks are prescribed to each of the several schools, as the norma docendi in that school; and this is generally done by authority of the trustees. I should not propose this generally in our University, because I believe none of us are so much at the heights of science in the several branches as to undertake this, and therefore that it will be better left to the professors until occasion of interference shall be given. But there is one branch in which we are the best judges, in which heresies may be taught of so interesting a character to our own State and to the United States, as to make it a duty in us to lay down the principles which are to be taught. It is that of government... new professor may be one of that school of quondam federalism, now consolidation. It is our duty to guard against such principles being disseminated among our youth and the diffusion of that poison, by a previous prescription of the texts to be followed in their discourses."—Thomas Jefferson to -----, 1825. ME 16:103
"The objects of... primary education determine its character and limits [are: To give to every citizen the information he needs for the transaction of his own business; to enable him to calculate for himself, and to express and preserve his ideas, his contracts and accounts in writing; to improve, by reading, his morals and faculties; to understand his duties to his neighbors and country, and to discharge with competence the functions confided to him by either; to know his rights; to exercise with order and justice those he retains, to choose with discretion the fiduciary of those he delegates; and to notice their conduct with diligence, with candor and judgment; and in general, to observe with intelligence and faithfulness all the social relations under which he shall be placed."—Thomas Jefferson: Report for University of Virginia, 1818.
"The reading in the first stage, where people will receive their whole education, is proposed.. to be chiefly historical. History by apprising them of the past will enable them to judge of the future; it will avail them of the experience of other times and other nations; it will qualify them as judges of the actions and designs of men; it will enable them to know ambition under every disguise it may assume; and knowing it, to defeat its views."—Thomas Jefferson: Notes on Virginia Q.XIV, 1782. ME 2:106
"Such a degree of learning be given to every member of the society as will enable him to read, to judge and to vote understandingly on what is passing."—Thomas Jefferson to Littleton Waller Tazewell, 1805.
"A great obstacle to good education is the inordinate passion prevalent for novels, and the time lost in that reading which should be instructively employed. When this poison infects the mind, it destroys its tone and revolts it against wholesome reading. Reason and fact, plain and unadorned, are rejected. Nothing can engage attention unless dressed in all the figments of fancy, and nothing so bedecked comes amiss. The result is a bloated imagination, sickly judgment, and disgust towards all the real businesses of life. This mass of trash, however, is not without some distinction; some few modeling their narratives, although fictitious, on the incidents of real life, have been able to make them interesting and useful vehicles of a sound morality... For a like reason, too, much poetry should not be indulged. Some is useful for forming style and taste. Pope, Dryden, Thompson, Shakespeare, and of the French, Moliere, Racine, the Corneilles, may be read with pleasure and improvement."—Thomas Jefferson to Nathaniel Burwell, 1818. ME 15:166
"Promote in every order of men the degree of instruction proportioned to their condition and to their views in life."—Thomas Jefferson to Joseph Cabell, 1820. ME 15:292
"Every folly must run its round; and so, I suppose, must that of self-learning and self-sufficiency: of rejecting the knowledge acquired in past ages, and starting on the new ground of intuition. When sobered by experience, I hope our successors will turn their attention to the advantages of education. I mean of education on the broad scale."—Thomas Jefferson to John Adams, 1814. ME 14:150
Views on educational conformity.
"Man is an imitative animal. This quality is the germ of all education in him. From his cradle to his grave he is learning to do what he sees others do."—Thomas Jefferson: Notes on Virginia Q.XVIII, 1782. ME 2:226
"The article of discipline is the most difficult in American education. Premature ideas of independence, too little repressed by parents, beget a spirit of insubordination which is the great obstacle to science with us and a principal cause of its decay since the Revolution."—Thomas Jefferson to Thomas Cooper, 1822. ME 15:406
"The rock which I most dread is the discipline of the institution, and it is that on which most of our public schools labor. The insubordination of our youth is now the greatest obstacle to their education. We may lessen the difficulty, perhaps, by avoiding too much government, by requiring no useless observances, none which shall merely multiply occasions for dissatisfaction, disobedience and revolt by referring to the more discreet of themselves the minor discipline, the graver to the civil magistrates."—Thomas Jefferson to George Ticknor, 1823. ME 15:455
"The consequences of foreign education are alarming to me as an American... Cast your eye over America. Who are the men of most learning, of most eloquence, most beloved by their countrymen and most trusted and promoted by them? They are those who have been educated among them, and whose manners, morals and habits are perfectly homogeneous with those of the country."—Thomas Jefferson to John Banister, Jr., 1785. (*) ME 5:188, Papers 8:637
"I do not count on any advantage to be derived... from a familiar acquaintance with the principles of government [which has been rendered... a tyrannical aristocracy, more likely to give ill than good ideas to an American."—Thomas Jefferson to John Banister, Jr., 1785. (*)
"of the disadvantages of sending a youth to Europe an education is... he is fascinated with the privileges of the European aristocrats, and sees, with abhorrence, the lovely equality which the poor enjoy with the rich in his own country."—Thomas Jefferson to John Banister, Jr., 1785. ME 5:186, Papers 8:636
"Although I do not, with some enthusiasts, believe that the human condition will ever advance to such a state of perfection as that there shall no longer be pain or vice in the world, yet I believe it susceptible of much improvement, and most of all in matters of government and religion; and that the diffusion of knowledge among the people is to be the instrument by which it is to be effected."—Thomas Jefferson to Pierre Samuel Dupont de Nemours, 1816. ME 14:491
"I do hope that in the present spirit of extending to the great mass of mankind the blessings of instruction, I see a prospect of great advancement in the happiness of the human race; and that this may proceed to an indefinite, although not to an infinite degree."—Thomas Jefferson to Cornelius Camden Blatchly, 1822. ME 15:400
"We have spent the prime of our lives in procuring men the precious blessing of liberty. Let them spend theirs in showing that it is the great parent of science and of virtue; and that a nation will be great in both, always in proportion as it is free."—Thomas Jefferson to Joseph Willard, 1789. ME 7:329
"Preach... a crusade against ignorance; establish and improve the law for educating the common people. Let our countrymen know that the people alone can protect us against these evils monarchial government."—Thomas Jefferson to George Wythe, 1786.
Views on religion in schools.
"The want of instruction in the various creeds of religious faith existing among our citizens presents... a chasm in a general institution of the useful sciences. But it was thought that this want, and the entrustment to each society of instruction in its own doctrine, were evils of less danger than a permission to the public authorities to dictate modes or principles of religious instruction, or than opportunities furnished them by giving countenance or ascendancy to any one sect over another."—Thomas Jefferson: Virginia Board of Visitors Minutes, 1822. ME 19:414
"After stating the constitutional reasons against a public establishment of any religious instruction, we suggest the expediency of encouraging the different religious sects to establish, each for itself, a professorship of their own tenets on the confines of the university, so near as that their students may attend the lectures there and have the free use of our library and every other accommodation we can give them; preserving, however, their independence of us and of each other. This fills the chasm objected to ours, as a defect in an institution professing to give instruction in all useful sciences... And by bringing the sects together, and mixing them with the mass of other students, we shall soften their asperities, liberalize and neutralize their prejudices, and make the general religion a religion of peace, reason, and morality."—Thomas Jefferson to Thomas Cooper, 1822. ME 15:405

</doc>
<doc id="18528777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528777" title="Imperial Colonial Office">
Imperial Colonial Office

The Imperial Colonial Office () was the German governmental agency tasked with managing Germany's overseas protectorates or colonies. After the First World War, on 20 February 1919, the Imperial Colonial Ministry replaced the Imperial Colonial Office. It dealt with settlements and closing-out of affairs of the occupied and lost colonies.
Development and reorganization.
From its inception in 1884, a colonial service organization performed administrative functions (policy and management) for the executive arm of the imperial government. Until 1907 responsibility for this service was with the Colonial Department "Kolonialabteilung" as a subsection in the Foreign Office "Auswärtiges Amt". From 1896 the department further co-supervised the colonial military or protection force, the "Schutztruppe", with its headquarters billeted in the naval ministry, the "Reichsmarineamt". By the late 19th century the need evolved for a separate, higher ranking agency that would report directly to the Reich Chancellor. In early 1907 the "Reichstag" removed the colonial department from the foreign office and elevated the department to an "Amt" office, the "Reichskolonialamt", to be managed by a cabinet level secretary. The new office was then physically relocated to Berlin’s Wilhelmstrasse. This legislation represented a complete reorganization and was a direct response to the nationwide so-called "Hottentot election", after allegations of colonial malfeasance, corruption and brutality (e.g., German South West Africa) surfaced in the German print media. The shake-up subsequently involved extensive and wide-ranging personnel changes in civil service positions in the colonies. The "Schutztruppe" command structure was also reorganized and moved to Mauerstrasse, in close proximity of the "Reichskolonialamt" location.
The new secretary of the "Reichskolonialamt" reported directly to the head of government, the chancellor.
Structure.
The new "Reichskolonialamt" had three departments "Abteilungen":
The "Kolonialrat" colonial advisory board was replaced in 1908 (after the major reorganizations of 1907) by a panel of independent experts. A "Landeskundliche Kommission" scientific and geographic commission for exploration functioned for several years before its mission was modified and replaced in 1911 by the "Ständige Wirtschaftliche Kommission" permanent economic commission. Further commissions were formed by the German Agriculture Council and tasked with advising the colonial office.
The records of the "Reichskolonialamt" and other documents from the colonies are now preserved at the branch location at Berlin-Lichterfelde of the German Federal Archives and were previously held at the "Deutsches Zentralarchiv", Potsdam, an agency of the former East German regime.
References.
Zeller, Joachim & von der Heyden, Ulrich. "Kolonialmetropole Berlin - eine Spurensuche" Colonial Metropolis Berlin - a Search for Traces. Berlin. 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18528781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528781" title="Downtown Fall River Historic District">
Downtown Fall River Historic District

Downtown Fall River Historic District is a historic district on North and South Main, Bedford, Granite, Bank, Franklin, and Elm Streets in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
History.
The Downtown Fall River Historic District contains many historic banks and other commercial properties primarily along North Main Street. This area was greatly impacted by the Great Fire of 1928, which destroyed many buildings located in what is now the historic district. As a result, many of the buildings date from about 1928 or 1929, having been rebuilt shortly after the fire. The area was also greatly impacted in the 1960s with the construction of Interstate-195 through the center of downtown, which resulted in the demolition of the Old City Hall, the Second Granite Block and several other 19th century commercial blocks.

</doc>
<doc id="18528784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528784" title="Marc Streitenfeld">
Marc Streitenfeld

Marc Streitenfeld is a German film score composer, known for his collaborations with director Ridley Scott.
Life and career.
Born in Munich, Germany, Streitenfeld relocated to Los Angeles at the age of 19, first working briefly as a musical assistant for composer Hans Zimmer, then independently as a music editor and supervisor on several blockbusters.
At the request of Ridley Scott, Streitenfeld composed for "A Good Year" (2006), after acting as music supervisor on Scott's 2005 film "Kingdom of Heaven" (scored by Harry Gregson-Williams). He then went on to score all of Scott's subsequent films to date. He was nominated for a BAFTA award for Scott's "American Gangster" (2007). Regarding working with Scott, Streitenfeld said "I've done quite a few films with him now and every experience has been really good".
Prior to his work as a composer, Streitenfeld had collaborated with Scott as music editor, music supervisor and technical score advisor on several projects, including "Matchstick Men", "Black Hawk Down" and "Gladiator".
Since 2007, Streitenfeld has been in a relationship with French-American actress Julie Delpy. In January 2009, the couple had a son, Leo.

</doc>
<doc id="18528788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528788" title="Isotomiella">
Isotomiella

Isotomiella is a genus of springtails (Collembola) in the family Isotomidae.

</doc>
<doc id="18528791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528791" title="National Taiwan Library">
National Taiwan Library

The National Taiwan Library () is the oldest public library in Taiwan. Founded in 1914, the library is home to a large collection of documents concerning the history, culture, politics and geography of Taiwan.
History.
The library was founded in 1914 during the Japanese colonial period as the on the order of governor Sakuma Samata. The library's first permanent home on Bo'ai Road (博愛路) in Taipei was destroyed in a United States bombing raid during World War II.
After the Nationalists took over control of the island following Japan's defeat in World War II, the library was renamed the Taiwan Provincial Library () and moved to temporary accommodation. The implication of this name, as well as all the subsequent names, is that Taiwan is only one part of the Republic of China.
In 1947, it was again renamed, this time to Taiwan Provincial Taipei Library () and it was under this name that the library was relocated to Xinsheng South Road (新生南路) in 1963.
The current name of the library was chosen in 1973, with the full official title being National Central Library, Taiwan Branch (). After outgrowing the premises in Taipei city, the library was relocated to the 8-23 Memorial Park in Zhonghe, Taipei County (now New Taipei City) in 2004.
In 2007, Huang Wen-ling was appointed as the twentieth director of the National Taiwan Library, and the first woman to hold the post.
Collection.
The library is home to a large collection of documents related to Taiwan, some dating back to the Qing Dynasty era in Taiwan (i.e. pre-1895). There are 210,000 documents from the Japanese era (1895–1945) and the collection has been continuously added to since then. The library's aim is to provide a dedicated research centre for people interested in Taiwan Studies, offering traditional written material sources as well as information resources for researchers to locate the documents or information needed.
Services for the visually impaired are also a key focus for the institution, with a collection of 12,000 Braille books together with information technology resources for readers.
Conservation.
A pioneer of book conservation techniques in Taiwan, the library is now home to a dedicated "Book Hospital" which serves not only as a centre for restoration of old books, but also a location for staff from other institutions to learn the craft.

</doc>
<doc id="18528793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528793" title="Coughlin School">
Coughlin School

Coughlin School is a historic school building located at 1975 Pleasant Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1893, and was one of nine new grammar schools built in the city during the 1890s. It was designed by Frank Irving Cooper, who also designed the similar Osborn Street School, along with many other schools throughout New England. 
The eight room elementary school was named for Dr. John W. Coughlin, who served as mayor of Fall River during the early 1890s. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. 
The Coughlin School was one of about a dozen elementary schools closed in June 2008 by the city, with the opening of several new, larger buildings. 

</doc>
<doc id="18528794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528794" title="List of Charlotte Bobcats head coaches">
List of Charlotte Bobcats head coaches

The Charlotte Bobcats are an American professional basketball team based in Charlotte, North Carolina. They play in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Bobcats began playing in 2004 as an expansion team, and have played their home games at the Time Warner Cable Arena, formerly known as the Charlotte Bobcats Arena, since 2005. The Bobcats are the last team to enter the NBA, and are the only team to have never advanced into the playoffs. The Bobcats are owned by Michael Jordan, and Rod Higgins is their general manager.
There have been six head coaches for the Bobcats franchise. The franchise's first head coach was Bernie Bickerstaff, who coached for three seasons. Bickerstaff is the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular season games coached (246), and the most regular season game wins (77); Sam Vincent, the franchise's second head coach, is the franchise's all-time leader for the highest winning percentage (.391). Vincent spent his entire NBA coaching career with the Bobcats. Larry Brown is the only Bobcats coach to have been elected into the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach. Currently, the head coach of the Hornets is Steve Clifford.
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the ."

</doc>
<doc id="18528799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528799" title="Christian Millar">
Christian Millar

Christian Dale Millar (born 23 November 1989 in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire), is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Newcastle Town.
Football career.
Millar started his career in Stoke City's youth academy system playing through from the youngest age bracket to the under 18's side where he failed to gain a YT contract. From there Millar went on several trials and open days to find a club resulting in his signing on with Macclesfield Town.
He made his debut in January 2008 against Morecambe coming on as a substitute. However the youngster has only 3 appearances for the 1st team (all times as a sub) but has showed good form for Macclesfield's reserves squad and boss Keith Alexander has tipped him to shine. Millar was a member of the Macclesfield Youth squad that recorded their highest ever league finish and reached the 4th Round of the FA Youth Cup.
In December 2008, Millar went to Stafford Rangers on a one month's loan spell. After impressing in his first month, his loan spell was extended to three months in which Millar was a valued member of the side contributing with two goals.
Millar signed for Buxton in August 2009 after being released by Macclesfield despite being invited back by Stafford for pre-season training.
He then joined Witton Albion before moving to Leek Town in September 2010, and then re-signing again on non-contract terms for the 2011 season.
He left Leek in October 2012 having made 82 appearances scoring six goals. He then moved to Newcastle Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18528802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528802" title="William M. Connell School">
William M. Connell School

William M. Connell School is a historic school located at 650 Plymouth Avenue in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was designed by notable city architect Joseph M. Darling on the same plan as the Davol School. The school is named after William Connell, who served as the city's Superintendent of Schools from 1872 to 1894.
The Connell School was one of about a dozen elementary schools closed in June 2008 by the city, with the opening of several new, larger buildings. 

</doc>
<doc id="18528809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528809" title="Albert Lamppu">
Albert Lamppu

Albert Lamppu (April 8, 1899, Metsäpirtti – July 25, 1976) was a Finnish track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Metsäpirtti and died in Helsinki.
In 1928 he finished ninth in the javelin throw competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18528812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528812" title="List of Utah Jazz head coaches">
List of Utah Jazz head coaches

The Utah Jazz is an American professional basketball team based in Salt Lake City, Utah. They play in the Northwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
The team joined the NBA in 1974 as an expansion team called the New Orleans Jazz until they relocated to Salt Lake City in 1979. The Jazz have won two consecutive Western Conference championships in 1997 and 1998. The Jazz have played their home games at the EnergySolutions Arena, first known as Delta Center, since 1991. The Jazz is owned by the estate of the late Larry H. Miller, and Kevin O'Connor is their general manager.
There have been seven head coaches for the Jazz franchise. The franchise's first head coach was Scotty Robertson, who coached for 14 games. Jerry Sloan is the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular-season games coached (1,673), the most regular-season game wins (1,043), the highest regular-season winning percentage (.623), the most playoff games coached (186), the most playoff-game wins (92), and the highest playoff winning percentage (.495). Sloan is the first coach to win over 1000 games with one NBA team, the leader for the most consecutive seasons coached with the same team in major professional sports history, having coached for 21 seasons with the Jazz, and the only Jazz coach to have been elected into the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach, having been enshrined in 2009. Frank Layden, who coached the Jazz for eight seasons, is the only Jazz coach to have won the NBA Coach of the Year Award, having won it in the . Layden is also the only coach to have a number retired by the Jazz ("1" in 1988). Elgin Baylor and Layden have spent their entire NBA coaching careers with the Jazz. Sloan had been the head coach of the Jazz from 1988 until his retirement in 2011. The current coach is Tyrone Corbin.
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the ."

</doc>
<doc id="18528818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528818" title="Tatun Volcano Group">
Tatun Volcano Group

Tatun Volcanoes (七星山; ), a volcanic group of volcanoes located at northern Taiwan, is located 15 km north of Taipei, and lies to the west of Keelung. It just adjoins the northern coast of the Taiwan island. The volcano group was a result of episodic volcanisms between 2.8 and 0.2 Ma. As of 2005, some hydrothermal activities and gas fumaroles were active among these volcanoes. Observations on Tatun Volcano Group suggest that magma chambers probably still exist under the land surface of northern Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18528819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528819" title="William Collins House (Fall River, Massachusetts)">
William Collins House (Fall River, Massachusetts)

William Collins House is a historic house in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1800 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. 
The house is a small 1-1/2 story vernacular farmhouse with the typical five-bay, center chimney plan. It is one of six houses in the Steep Brook area considered to be the best representatives of the pre-industrial era of the city's history.

</doc>
<doc id="18528835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528835" title="I Dreamt I Dwelt in Marble Halls">
I Dreamt I Dwelt in Marble Halls

I Dreamt I Dwelt in Marble Halls or "The Gipsy Girl's Dream" is a popular aria from "The Bohemian Girl", an 1843 opera by Michael William Balfe, with lyrics by Alfred Bunn. It is sung in the opera by the character Arline, who is in love with Thaddeus, a Polish nobleman and political exile. It has been performed and recorded by many artists including Enya.
Very popular in the 19th century, the piece also has many modern incarnations. The song makes a brief appearance in the 1946 film, "Dragonwyck." A version is played and sung several times in the 1948 Jeanne Crain / William Holden movie, "Apartment for Peggy." The first line of the song is sung and "scatted," in the number, "Swing," from the 1953 Broadway show, "Wonderful Town." The first line is also sung, (off-screen), by aspiring botanist, Seymour, in the 1960 cult classic film, "The Little Shop of Horrors." A rather unexpected appearance of the song is in the 1966 Howard Hawks film, "El Dorado", where it is played in the saloon just prior to the climactic gunfight. More recently, an ambient, ethereal version was recorded by Enya for her Grammy-winning 1991 album, "Shepherd Moons"; her version also appeared on the soundtrack of the Martin Scorsese film "The Age of Innocence". Celtic Woman also recorded the piece. A version by Sinéad O'Connor was on the soundtrack of the 1997 Irish film The Butcher Boy. The song was also quoted by James Joyce in his story "Clay" from the book "Dubliners".
Cellist Julian Lloyd Webber has recorded the song on two occasions - with singer Aled Jones on Jones' album "Higher"; and with harpist Catrin Finch on Lloyd Webber's 2006 album "Unexpected Songs".
In 2006 the Norwegian soprano Sissel Kyrkjebø recorded a version for her album "Into Paradise".
The song has become a standard and has been much-parodied. Lewis Carroll's parody was published in "Lays of Mystery, Imagination and Humour" in 1855: 

</doc>
<doc id="18528839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528839" title="Terna (company)">
Terna (company)

Terna S.p.A. - Rete Elettrica Nazionale is the italian electricity transmission system operator based in Rome, Italy. With of power lines or around 98% of the Italian high-voltage power transmission grid, is the first electricity transmission grid operator in Europe and sixth in world for kilometers of electricity lines managed. Terna is listed on the Borsa Italiana and a constituent of the FTSE MIB index.
Through Terna Rete Italia safely manages the Italian electricity system. Through Terna Plus manages new business opportunities and non-traditional activities, in Italy and abroad.
History.
On 31 May 1999, Terna was established within the Enel Group, by way of implementation of Italian Legislative Decree No. 79/99 which within the context of the process for the deregulation of the Italian electricity sector, sanctioned the separation between ownership and management of the national transmission grid. 
On 23 June 2004, following the Prime Minister's Decree issued on 11 May of the same year, Terna was put on sale with an IPO on Borsa Italiana.
In 2010 Terna joined Desertec, a project aimed at producing and transmitting renewable energy in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) to meet local needs and be assigned in part to the European interconnected grid.
In 2011, Terna Group adopted a new organizational structure. Through Terna Rete Italia safely manages the Italian electricity system with more than 63,500 kilometers of high voltage lines. Through Terna Plus manages new business opportunities and non-traditional activities, in Italy and abroad.
2011 was the 7th consecutive year of growth for the Group. A dividend of €21 was paid per share.
The 2011 results were submitted by the CEO Flavio Cattaneo during the Terna Board of Administration meeting held to approve the Strategic Plan 2012-2016.
In 2012 Terna consolidated Revenues stood at 1,806 million euros, +10.4% compared to 2011, mainly due to the Grid Transmission Fee and to the results from Non Traditional Activities carried out by the Group. 
On January 31, 2012 Terna presented the Development Plan of the National Electricity Transmission Grid for the decade 2012-2021. The plan includes investments for over 7 billion euro aimed at increasing efficiency for the electricity system including the reduction of energy losses and the reduction of CO2 emissions.
Business operations.
Terna is responsible for national electricity transmission management and development in Italy.
Terna's assets include:
To safeguard its assets, TERNA has created an organization capable of protecting the company’s physical and technological infrastructures, also through the prevention and management of episodes of corporate fraud. In this framework, in order to guarantee the maximum safeguarding of said infrastructures and investments, it has signed memoranda of understanding, first of its kind and type with the Ministry of the Interior, Carabinieri and Guardia di Finanza.
In 2010 the company invested €1.06 billion that financed the construction of 1000 km of new electrical lines and 48 new stations.
Terna's transmission lines carried 326.16 billion kWh in 2010, of which:
In turn, 286.53 billion kWh were generated by:
Board of administration.
Board members:
Shareholders.
Terna has been listed in the Italian Stock Exchange since 2004. Its major shareholder is Cassa Depositi e Prestiti, with 29.85% of shares. The remaining nearly 70% is held by other institutional and retail investors.
Among the principal shareholders of the company: Romano Minozzi with 5.6%, Blackrock Inc. with 2.4% and Assicurazioni Generali with 2.0%.
Awards.
According to the Edison Electric Institute, Terna is the best European company among utilities by total return of shares in 2010–2012. In these three years Terna's return stood at 24%, compared to average returns in the sector (DJ Stoxx-10%, Ftse Mib-21%). In 2010 Terna did receive the same recognition for the 2007-2009, as Terna's share return stood at +40%, achieving a net overperfomance (nearly 55%) compared to the European sector that registered -15%.

</doc>
<doc id="18528841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18528841" title="Se på mig">
Se på mig

"Se på mig" (literally translating into "Look At Me"; an English version is titled "Another Night") is a song by Swedish singer Jan Johansen. It represented Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest 1995 in Dublin, Ireland.
One of the favourites to win, it was performed 18th on the night, following Cyprus's Alexandros Panayi with "Sti Fotia" and preceding Denmark's Aud Wilken with "Fra Mols til Skagen". At the close of the voting, it had received 100 points, ultimately finishing third out of a possible 23.
It was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1996 contest by One More Time with "Den vilda".
The song peaked on the Swedish "Sverigetopplistan" singles chart at #1 twice. On 21 April 1995 it reached #1 on the charts, staying there for four weeks. It returned to #1 on 9 June 1995 for another 5 weeks.

</doc>
