<doc id="18512862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512862" title="Reino Hallamaa">
Reino Hallamaa

Reino Henrik Hallamaa (born 12 November 1899, died 11 August 1979 in Churriana, Malaga, Spain) was a Finnish Colonel and developer and head of the Finnish Radio Intelligence during World War II.
Early life.
Reino Henrik Hallamaa was born in Tampere in 1899 to Juha and Aino Hummelin. After attending college in Helsinki he began working for the Finnish railroad, where one of his tasks was to fill out package lists of cargo arriving from Russia. In 1917 he began working as a signals telegraphist at the Helsinki Central railway station.
Military career.
In 1918, Finland declared its independence, and the Finnish Civil War erupted. Hallamaa joined the "whites" in Seinäjoki. Here he was assigned to the "Uudenmaan rakunapataljoona" unit where he fought in the battles at Väärinmaja, Kuhmoinen, Tampere and Lempäälä. Hallamaa, now a lance corporal ("korpraali"), was transferred to the navy after the war, where he worked as a signaller. Later that year he was promoted to corporal ("alikersantti") and assigned to Gogland where he was tasked with gathering information on naval traffic in the Gulf of Finland and Red Navy movements in particular. He was listening to Soviet radio traffic along with Ragnvald Lind (later Ragnvalt Lautakari) who would continue to work in the radio intelligence under Hallamaa's lead. Hallamaa even managed to decipher some of the codes sent out by the Soviets. This awoke the interest in the higher military circles and Hallamaa was invited to come and hold a presentation on the work done at Gogland. Soon after, Hallamaa was appointed sergeant. He was now tasked with training radio operators and sent on trips to Kotka and Turku to try to repair radio stations that had been left there by the Russians.
He was appointed warrant officer after graduation from the NCO course in 1921 and was sent to the Radio Battalion in Santahamina and served as assistant chief for the Radio School. He held several lectures on codes and ciphers for higher officers in the 1920s. He was appointed lieutenant in 1925 and was sent to the Finnish National Defence University in 1927. 
After graduation, he was tasked with creating a Finnish radio intelligence organization. He received a stipend and began a series of travels to countries in Europe to study their SIGINT organizations. He travelled to Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Italy, Czechoslovakia and Poland. He learned code and cipher theories from an Austrian Professor named Fiegl, and he also set up and intensive cooperation network with the Polish intelligence. He learned about radio direction finding vehicles in Italy and managed to get some to Finland.
Beginning from 1927, the newly created Finnish Radio Intelligence followed the movements and the radio traffic of the Soviet Red Fleet. The first Soviet Red Fleet codes were broken in 1934 and soon more followed, including foreign diplomatic codes. Hallamaa was appointed Captain in 1929 and Major in 1939.
Hallamaa published "Basic Enciphering" ("Salakirjoitustaidon perusteet") in 1937 and this publication was used as a training manual within the Finnish Army. It was the first Finnish-language book on the subject.
World War II.
At the beginning of the Winter War, Reino Hallamaa worked as the chief of the intelligence unit. On November 29, 1939, the unit intercepted and deciphered a message, which ordered the attack on Finland. Later on in the war, the intelligence managed to gather information on Soviet troop movements near Suomussalmi and warned Colonel Hjalmar Siilasvuo, who managed to defeat the Soviet 44th Division at the Raate road. The radio intelligence also relayed information on encircled Soviet units, helping the Finnish commanders in their decisions where and when to attack. By giving Soviet codes to the Swedish radio intelligence, the Finns received much needed equipment for radio intelligence. Similar deals were also struck with other nations.
Hallamaa was appointed Lieutenant Colonel in 1941 and became commander of the HQ Radio Battalion. The Finnish radio intelligence managed to decipher 80% of Soviet radio traffic during the attack phase of the Continuation War. The advancing Finns also managed to come across some Russian code books. When the Soviets switched to another code, that had previously been used in the Far East, the Finns broke the code quite quickly, as they had received heaps of encoded Soviet radio messages from the Japanese. Hallamaa was awarded with the Iron Cross first class after the Finnish radio intelligence had intercepted and deciphered a message resulting in the precise travel plan of the British convoy PQ-18. Attacks by the German Luftwaffe exacted a heavy toll on the supply convoy.
The Finns also worked on other countries codes and ciphers, cracking for instance the US STRIP code, as well as Brazilian, Portuguese, Romanian, Serbian, Vatican, and Vichy French codes. 
Hallamaa was promoted colonel in 1944 and, at this point heading an organization that had grown from 75 to 1,000 during the war. The Air Force, which had its own radio intelligence organization had another 300 men decrypting Soviet Air Force radio traffic.
Stella Polaris.
As a preparation for a Soviet attack in mid-1944, Hallamaa, along with Aladar Paasonen, who was Chief of Intelligence, began drawing up plans for Operation Stella Polaris - the secret transfer of material and men to Sweden in case of a Soviet take-over of the country. The operation was funded by selling of the work (codes, ciphers, decoded material etc.) to the intelligence organizations of at least the United States, Japan and Sweden. The U.S. Office of Strategic Services bought material in secrecy, informing only the U.S. President, but not the U.S. State Department.
They also planned to set up a secret radio movement in the case of a Soviet invasion. These would use both domestically designed light-weight radios, as well as captured radios. The Swedish contact person for the Stella Polaris operation was the Chief of the Swedish intelligence Carl Petersén.
The operation was initiated in September 1944 on orders from Hallamaa. About 350 wooden boxes were transferred by ship to Sweden, along with some 700-800 men who had worked with the radio intelligence, and their families. As the Soviet invasion failed to materialize, the majority of the Finns returned home, but only after destroying all intelligence records that had not been sold.
After the war, Hallamaa decided to leave Finland. On 8 February 1945 he travelled via Sweden to France, where he worked in the French intelligence. He decided to move to Spain when the Soviets began putting pressure on France to hand him over. He settled with his family in Costa del Sol in 1947 and began using the name Ricardo Palma. He started up a construction company with his son and retired at the age of 70. He died at the age of 80 in 1979 in Churrina, where he also is buried.

</doc>
<doc id="18512864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512864" title="Techtronic Industries">
Techtronic Industries

Techtronic Industries Company Limited (, ), Techtronic or TTI, is one of the world's leading manufacturing and trading companies in electrical and electronic products. Its products include Milwaukee, AEG power tools, and Ryobi power tools and accessories, Ryobi and Homelite outdoor products, and Hoover, Dirt Devil, and Vax floor care appliances. It was established in 1985 as the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) behind such brands as Craftsman, RIDGID (for Home Depot), Bissell, and Dirt Devil. It is headquartered in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="18512866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512866" title="PeterLicht">
PeterLicht

PeterLicht is a German electropop musician and author from Cologne signed with the record label Motor Music, best known for his 2001 single Sonnendeck.
Discography.
All English translations are unofficial.
External links.
Articles.
The following articles are in German:
Interviews.
The following interviews are in German:

</doc>
<doc id="18512879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512879" title="List of Ambassadors of Russia to Algeria">
List of Ambassadors of Russia to Algeria

This is a list of Ambassadors to Algeria of the Soviet Union and the Russian Federation:

</doc>
<doc id="18512893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512893" title="Chris Wood (golfer)">
Chris Wood (golfer)

Christopher James Wood (born 26 November 1987) is an English professional golfer who currently plays on the European Tour. He was the low amateur in the 2008 Open Championship at Royal Birkdale and tied for third in the following year's tournament held at Turnberry.
Amateur career.
Wood was born in Bristol, England. He went to school at Golden Valley Primary School in Nailsea between the ages of 4 and 11, before leaving to join Backwell School. He began playing golf at a young age. He was a keen footballer with aspirations to play for Bristol City Football Club but following a serious knee injury he devoted himself to golf. He became a member at the Long Ashton Golf Club near Bristol at the age of 9 and obtained a single-figure handicap by age 12. Wood was the English Amateur Order of Merit winner in 2007 and 2008.
In May 2008, Wood won the Welsh Open Amateur Stroke Play Championship at Conwy. He finished with a score of 289 (74–75–69–71) to take the title by six strokes over teammate Sam Hutsby and by eight over Jamie Abbott from Suffolk. After his victory Wood said “I putted much better today. I stayed pretty patient all the way around. My swing felt good and playing with Gary Wolstenholme kept me relaxed. This is the biggest event I’ve won so I may take a few days off now.”
On 17 July 2008, Wood teed off at Royal Birkdale for the 2008 Open Championship with his father as his caddy. He raised speculation in the press that he could have become the first amateur to win the tournament since Bobby Jones, who won it in 1926, 1927 and 1930. He spoke about his qualification into the weekend of The Open and play at the tournament; “I love playing in front of a crowd,” he said after a two over par third round 73. “I've been getting standing ovations on every green. It's been awesome. But I must admit it is now getting daunting for me and I got nervous when they announced my name on the first tee in the third round.” He finished joint fifth overall alongside Jim Furyk and was awarded the silver medal as the top amateur.
Professional career.
After his success at the Open championship, Wood decided to turn professional. In November he gained his European Tour card for 2009 by finishing in a tie for 5th at qualifying school held at PGA Golf de Catalunya near Girona, Spain. Wood admitted that he was delighted to secure his playing card and revealed his relief that the week was over. "I've worked really hard for this so I feel like I deserve everything I've achieved, but this does cap a pretty amazing year for me," he said.
Through July of his rookie season, Wood has made 13 of 17 cuts while recording four top-10 finishes. A superb final round at Turnberry in the 2009 Open Championship put Wood in contention for his first major win. A birdie at the final hole would have sufficed but Wood's approach took a hard bounce and ran through the green. A par would have seen him contest the playoff but his par putt finished on the edge of the hole so he had to settle for a joint 3rd place finish with Lee Westwood. "I've never hit a nine iron 210 yards in my life," he told BBC Sport. "There's nothing I could have done about it. It went miles."
Thanks to his performance at the Open, Wood qualified for the Dubai World Championship and was named the European Tour's rookie of the year. Finishing in the top four at the Open also gave Wood a spot in the 2010 Masters Tournament. He missed the cut by seven strokes. 
Wood made a good start to 2011 by tying for the Africa Open but lost to Open champion Louis Oosthuizen on the first playoff hole.
Wood claimed his maiden championship in August 2012 when he took the Thailand Open on the OneAsia Tour. He followed this by winning the Commercial Bank Qatar Masters in January 2013, his first European Tour victory, making an eagle on the last hole to win by one stroke. "It's a dream come true," he said after his three-under-par 69 took him to 18 under. "There's an enormous weight lifted off my shoulders. I feel like I can go on and win more. I knew it was going to be hard no matter how I played - winning on the European Tour is not easy."
Results in major championships.
LA = Low amateur<br>
DNP = did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied <br>
Yellow background for top-10.
Team appearances.
Amateur
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="18512897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512897" title="Porsche (disambiguation)">
Porsche (disambiguation)

Porsche is a car manufacturer
Porsche may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18512898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512898" title="Shah Syed Muhammad Nurbakhsh Qahistani">
Shah Syed Muhammad Nurbakhsh Qahistani

Mir Sayyid Muhammad Nurbakhsh Qahistani (1392-1464) ()
He was a great Sufi Master and the Religious Theologian (Faqih) of Sofia Imamia Noorbakshia . He wrote al Fiqh-al-Ahwat (Islamic jurisprudence) and Kitab al Aetiqadia (Book of Faith). Nurbkhsh is the 28th official master of Maktab Tariqat "Silsila Dhahab Sufia", in a continuous succession of Sufi masters dating back 1,400 years to the time of Islamic prophet Muhammad. After Nurbakhsh the Maktab Tariqat "Silsila Dhahab Sufia" became well known as Sufia Nurbakhshiya. The present article focuses on life and works of Mir Sayyid Muhammad Nurbakhsh Qahistani.
Nurbakhsh's Mystical Path.
Mysticism or Sufism is a path through which a believer enters into a closer relationship with God. Even in Mohammad's lifetime, most of his followers were not content with merely obeying the precepts but followed a certain path in order to enter into a closer relationship with God. The prophet taught them a way to purge their souls of qualities that had been declared evil. Thus a science of pious self-examination and religious psychology, assisted by the study of Islamic Scriptures, came into existence. The followers of this movement grew in numbers with spread of Islam. After considerable interval of time, a number of Sufi Orders came into being. At the same time a clash of ideology started among various religious doctrines which was of sectarian nature. This state of the affairs created a great confusion amongst the followers of Sufism in particular and the Muslims in general. At that crucial time Mir Sayyid Muhammad Nurbakhsh Qahistani was reflected in a dream to abolish innovations and to revive the practices of Mohammad's time.
Nurbakhsh'S Short Biography.
Nurbakhsh's real name was Muhammad b. Muhammad b. Abdullah. His father was born in Qain and his grand father in al-Hasa, whence in some ghazals (lyrics) he styles himself as Lahsavi. His father migrated from Bahrayn to Qain in Qahistan, where his son (Nurbakhsh) was born in 795/1393. Thus his full name as appeared in his prose works is "Sayyid Muhammad Nurbakhsh Qahistani". Nurbakhsh was a religious genius. He learned the Qur'an by heart when he was only seven years old...
He became a disciple of Sayyid Ishaq al-Khatlani, himself a disciple of Mir Sayyid Ali Hamadani well known as Shah-e-Hamadan (whose biography has been published in several languages but the most reliable and earliest biography written in his lifetime by one of his disciples Nur at Din Jaffar Badakhshani has recently been published.
Appointment of Nurbakhsh.
Saiyyed Ali Hamadani well known as Shah Hamdan appointed Khawaja Ishaq al- Khatlani as his successor. Ishaq was the then spiritual master of Kubravia Sufi Order, one of the major Sufi orders of the time in Central Asia and Northern Persia. He, in obedience to a dream, gave Sayyed Muhammad Qahistani the name "Nurbakhsh" and coferred the Khirqa of Mir Sayyid Ali Hamadani upon him, and from that day he himself became a disciple of his own pupil (Mir Sayyid Muhammad Nurbakhsh Qahistani)...
Nurbakhsh's Spiritual Place.
This was surely a spiritual matter and it is difficult to find such an example in the religious history that any spiritual leader has ever become a disciple of his own pupil/ disciple. This is really a landmark in the history of Mysticism or Sufism, showing that Nurbakhsh had reached a very high degree of spiritual enlightenment.
As interpreted by Arabic Dictionary Ul-Monjid in the Alfiqatul Ahwat a middle way between Shia and Sunni teachings is shown as a Shariat-e-Islmia. Mission of Syed Muhammad Nurbakhsh as proclaimed by both Shia and Shinn School of thoughts because of their teachings as introductory page Al-Fiqatul Ahwat has been to unify all different sects of Islam, by following Shria prevailing during abeying the lifetime of Mohammed.
Nurbakhsh as a Sufi Theologian (Faqih).
It is an historical fact that the earlier Sufi masters and representatives paid less attention to the legal and philosophical aspects of Qur'an and the Hadith/Traditions of Mohammad and laid more stress on the conduct of the soul. Questions of dogmas and metaphysics were also relatively overlooked. But Mir Sayyed Muhammad Nurbakhsh paid special attention to the legal and philosophical aspects of Qur'an and traditions of Mohammed, besides giving significance to the conduct of soul. This fact distinguishes Nurbakhsh not only from all the contemporary Sufiyas but also from his predecessors. Nurbakhsh made an attempt to bridge the gap between the orthodox Sunni'ism and Shi'ism and gave an Islamic Fiqh of religious moderation titled Al-Fiqh al- Ahwat (Moderate Islamic Jurisprudence).
One can easily estimate the justice of the assertion that "the system is an attempt to form a via model between Sunnism and Shiism after studying Fiqh al Ahwat. Without access to Fiqh al Ahwat, it is not justifiable to evaluate the Nurbakhshies, Nurbakhsh's mission and his great services and sincere efforts for the cause of Pan-Islamism.
Works of Nurbakhsh.
Syed Mohammad Nurbakhsh was author of about 150 books in Arabic or Persian.
The most important books of Mir Sayyid Muhammad Nurbakhsh Qahistani are:
1. Al- Fiqh Al- Ahwat (Islamic Jurisprudence,)ISBN-969-8648-00-3
2. Kitab al Aetiqadia (Book of Faith).in French Marijan,
"Professions de foi de deux Kubrawis: Ali-Hamadani et Muhammad Nurbakhsh, "Bulletin d'etudes orientals 17 1961-62, 133-203, (Damascus Syria).
3. Silsila Dhahab (in Arabic and Persian)
4. Risal fi Ilm Firasat or Insan nama
5. Kashf al haqaeeq
6. Risala Maash al Salikeen
7. Makarim al Akhlaq
8. Silsila al- Auwliya (Arabic)
9. Risala Nooria or Nur al-Haq
10. Risala Miraajia (Persian)
11. Risal al Huda (Arabic)
12. Risala Irfani(Persian)
13. Risala Aqsam-e-Dil(Persian)

</doc>
<doc id="18512902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512902" title="Clearface">
Clearface

Clearface is an Old Style, serif typeface designed by Morris Fuller Benton with the collaboration of his father Linn Boyd Benton, produced at American Type Founders in 1907, immediately following his preparation of Century Old Style. The bold was drawn first, in 1905, but the regular weight was the first to be released. Six variants were released between 1907 and 1911:
Hot Metal Copies.
"Clearface" had considerable popularity and was either licensed or copied by all the makers of mechanical composition machines, including Linotype, Intertype, Monotype, British Monotype, and Ludlow. Stephenson Blake not only cast it as foundry type, but also made an open face version in 1925 that was sold under the names "Clearface Open," "Clearface Handtooled," and "Dominus".
Cold Type Copies.
"Clearface" was redesigned by Victor Caruso for ITC in 1979. Other cold type versions were also available.
Digital Copies.
Victor Caruso's version, "ITC Clearface" is available through Bitstream, Adobe and Linotype. Other versions are made by Elsner+Flake, Monotype, and URW++.
Clearface Gothic.
Clearface Gothic is a sans-serif with only a distant resemblance to "Clearface". The typeface has a very organic and friendly appearance. It was designed by Morris Fuller Benton and cast by American Type Founders. It was made in only one weight and was never expanded into a family.
Cold Type Copies.
A Cold Type knock-off was made at ITC by Victor Caruso, who expanded the typeface to four weights: light, medium, bold, and extra bold. Italics were included, but stayed in photo-negative film format until recently. The latest version of "Clearface Gothic" has five weights: light, roman, medium, bold, and black.
Digital Copies.
Digital copies of the "Clearface Gothic" family include five weights and are available from Adobe, Linotype, Monotype, and URW++.
Two weights of Victor Caruso's version, demi bold and bold, are available from FontShop. A slightly altered version of the family, called "Clear Gothic Serial", complete with italics, is available from Myfonts.com.

</doc>
<doc id="18512905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512905" title="Churriana">
Churriana

Churriana, also known as District 8, is one of the 11 districts of the city of Málaga, Spain. 
It comprises de following wards ("barrios"):
Aeropuerto, Arraijanal, Buenavista, Butano, Campamento Benítez, Campo de Golf, Cañada de Ceuta, Cementerio Churriana, Churriana, Cortijo de Mazas, Cortijo San Isidro, Cortijo San Julián, Depuradora Guadalhorce, El Cuartón, El Higueral, El Olivar, El Retiro, Finca La Hacienda, Finca Monsálvez, Guadalmar, Hacienda Platero, Heliomar, La Azucarera, La Casita de Madera, La Cizaña, La Noria, La Tosca, Las Espeñuelas, Las Pedrizas, Los Chochales, Los Jazmines, Los Manantiales, Los Paredones, Los Paseros, Los Rosales, Lourdes, Makro, Parque del Guadalhorce, Polígono Comercial Guadalhorce, Polígono Industrial Aeropuerto, Polígono Industrial El Álamo, Polígono Industrial El Tarajal, Polígono Industrial Guadalhorce, Polígono Industrial Haza de la Cruz, Polígono Industrial KM.239 Ctra. N-340, Polígono Industrial Mi Málaga, Polígono Industrial Santa Bárbara, Polígono Industrial Santa Cruz, Polígono Industrial Santa Teresa, Polígono Industrial Villa Rosa, Rojas, San Fernando, San Jerónimo, San Juan-El Albaricocal, San Julián, Santa Tecla, Vega de Oro, Wittenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18512910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512910" title="Viktor Kuznetsov (footballer)">
Viktor Kuznetsov (footballer)

Viktor Vasilyevich Kuznetsov () (born 25 February 1949 in Kamenolomnya, Crimea) is a retired Soviet football player and a Ukrainian coach. He is the brother of Sergei Kuznetsov.
International career.
Kuznetsov made his debut for USSR on June 29, 1972 in a friendly against Uruguay. He played in the 1974 FIFA World Cup qualifiers (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).

</doc>
<doc id="18512921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512921" title="Special Rural Properties, Western Australia">
Special Rural Properties, Western Australia

Special Rural Properties are a type of property ranging from two to ten hectares (or five to twenty five acres) allowing the owners to engage in special types of rural pursuits without needing a very large property or working farm. The types of uses are generally similar throughout Western Australia, although most local municipalities or shires often adjust the uses permissible to suit. Typical uses include a small area of agriculture or horticulture as well as the keeping of small numbers of animals. With these uses available, a Special Rural Property can provide what is locally known as a "hobby farm" for people used to living in the city for a fraction of the cost of a real working farm. People who have these hobby farms are aften referred to "Tree Changers" characterized as being tired of living in the city and desiring to live a rural country life.
Special Rural Properties are often close to the city or smaller townships throughout Western Australia. There are many places such as Beverley, Lower Chittering, Chittering, Leschenault and Woodridge that have Special Rural Properties as well as property developers that specialise in creating Special Rural Properties.

</doc>
<doc id="18512924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512924" title="Peter Lindbäck">
Peter Lindbäck

Peter Lindbäck (born 14 June 1955, Helsinki) is the governor of the Åland Islands.
He was born in 1955 and studied at the University of Helsinki, from which he graduated in law in 1981.
Lindbäck was appointed governor of the Åland Islands on 5 March 1999 when his predecessor Henrik Gustafsson retired.

</doc>
<doc id="18512931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512931" title="Mandan, Michigan">
Mandan, Michigan

Mandan is a ghost town in Grant Township, Keweenaw County, Michigan, on US Highway 41, about twelve miles south of Copper Harbor. It was the site of the Mandan Mine and the Medora Mine, two copper mines which were organized in 1864 and worked intermittently until their abandonment in 1909. The town was served by the Keweenaw Central Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="18512955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512955" title="Battle of Drumlui">
Battle of Drumlui

The Battle of Drumlui was a Scottish clan battle that took place in either 1330 or 1337, in the Scottish Highlands between the Clan Cameron and the Clan Mackintosh.
The lands around Loch Arkaig and Glen Loy ("Gleann Laoigh", sometimes anglicised as Glenlui) had previously been undisputedly owned by the Camerons for many years until they were demanded by William MacKintosh, son of Angus, 6th Chief of Clan MacKintosh. The MacKintoshes appealed to the sword and a battle was fought at Drumlui. The most likely location is Druim Gleann Laoigh, a mountain in the middle of the area in question. The Camerons, under the leadership of Donald Alin Mhic Evin, were defeated. This battle led to a very long-lasting 350 year feud with the two clans constantly attacking each other until the Stand-off at the Fords of Arkaig in 1665.

</doc>
<doc id="18512962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512962" title="Center for Advanced Studies and the Arts">
Center for Advanced Studies and the Arts

CASA (Center for Advanced Studies and the Arts) is a public consortium high school in Oak Park, Michigan offering students from surrounding schools afternoon classes in Advanced Placement (A.P.) classes; art, dance and music courses; and courses that might not have enough demand at a single high school (such as Japanese). Students are bussed to CASA from their "home schools" for two 55-minute class periods per day.
The participating schools are Berkley, Clawson, Ferndale, Lamphere, Madison, and Oak Park High Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="18512967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512967" title="Battle of Cotagaita">
Battle of Cotagaita

The Battle of Cotagaita was fought on October 27, 1810 during the Campaign of Upper Peru in the Argentine War of Independence when the troops of the Army of the North were sent by the Primera Junta government in Buenos Aires to the Alto Perú to fight the Royalists. It was the first skirmish of the Army of the North in this theatre. The battle was fought near the town of Santiago de Cotagaita, nowadays in Potosí Department in Bolivia.
General José Manuel de Goyeneche was appointed by the viceroy of Perú to command the royalist forces in Alto Perú, who along with the president of the Real Audiencia of Charcas, Vicente Nieto, decided to establish a forward post in Cotagaita under the command of Frigate Captain José de Córdoba y Rojas. These forces were left isolated after the pronouncement of Cochabamba (September 14) and later of Oruro (September 24) in favor of the Junta in Buenos Aires.
The royalist forces comprised the provincial battalion of Potosí, under commander Indalecio González de Socasa; the Puno battalion; veterans of Borbón; the King's Volunteers; dragoons of Chichas and lancers of Cinti. The revolutionary forces included the first battalion under commander Gregorio Perdiel; sixth battalion under commander Carlos Forest, Hunters battalion under commander Manuel Dorrego; Blandengues battalion under commander Abraham González; and the Husars Regiment under commander Martín Miguel de Güemes.
The attack started in the early hours of the morning and ended at 2 pm the same day. Not having been able to dislodge the royalists from their trenches, Balcarce effected an orderly retreat without being chased.
After the Cotagaita action, the revolutionary forces were obligated to retreat towards Tupiza and then Suipacha, to await reinforcement, where later they achieved their first victory at the Battle of Suipacha.

</doc>
<doc id="18512974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512974" title="Serhiy Kuznetsov (footballer born 1950)">
Serhiy Kuznetsov (footballer born 1950)

Serhiy Vasylyovych Kuznetsov (, ; born 30 November 1950 in Kamenolomnya, Crimea) is a retired Ukrainian and Soviet football player. He is the brother of Viktor Kuznetsov.
International career.
Kuznetsov made his debut for USSR on 29 June 1972 in a friendly against Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="18512977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512977" title="Sumka River">
Sumka River

The Sumka () is a river in Zelenodolsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, a left-bank tributary of the Volga River. Its length is and its drainage basin is . It origins near Gremyachy Klyuch and falls to the Kuybyshev Reservoir, Volga, forming the western border of Vasilyevo, Tatarstan.
The river valley comes through the Raifa section of the Volga-Kama Reserve. There the Sumka passes several major lakes, the biggest being Raifa lake. The maximal mineralization 200 mg/l. The maximal water discharge is 30 m³/s. The river use to dry up in summer. 

</doc>
<doc id="18512995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512995" title="Travis Stone">
Travis Stone

Travis Stone (born 1984) is a public address announcer for thoroughbred horse racing. Originally from Schroon Lake, he graduated from the State University of New York at Oneonta in Oneonta, New York.
He is the race caller for Louisiana Downs in Bossier City, Louisiana, home of the Super Derby, one of the premiere races for 3-year-olds.
Stone, a two-time All-Star Announcer, grew into the game of horse racing at Saratoga Race Course in Saratoga Springs, New York. He spent three years writing for The Saratoga Special and The Keeneland Special at their respective meets. He also graduated from the Missouri Auction School during that time. His first live race call came at Suffolk Downs when he just 18-years-old.
In addition to Louisiana Downs, Stone also called races as part of All-Star Announcer Day at Monmouth Park and Churchill Downs. His first two live race calls occurred at Suffolk Downs. He's also announced at Calder Race Course, Golden Gate Fields, Evangeline Downs and Sam Houston Race Park. He has been featured in various trade publications, periodicals and television including HRTV, TVG, The Post-Star, The Albany Times Union, The Shreveport Times, The Daily Racing Form, The Thoroughbred Times and others.
During the 2010 Gulfstream Park meet he joined Gulfstream Park's TV department as a Simulcast host and analyst with Caton Bredar and Alyssa Ali before returning to Louisiana Downs where currently resides.

</doc>
<doc id="18512997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512997" title="Political administration of French Indochina">
Political administration of French Indochina

Prelude – French conquest of Indochina.
The French invasion of Indochina was sparked off by the execution of Christian missionaries. With the defeat of Vietnamese Emperor Tự Đức signed the treaty of Saigon, ceding Cochinchina's three eastern provinces. Later, the French forced the Emperor to place Cambodia under French protection. On June 18, 1867, the French seized the rest of Cochinchina and conquered the Mekong Delta and later Hanoi. By 1897, France controlled all of Indochina. 
On paper, each of the five provinces, Cambodia, Laos, Annam, Tonkin and Cochinchina had different legal statuses. Hence, political structure might differ from one province to another. We shall examine what the French had established in each of the provinces.
The Vietnamese Royalty (Annam and Tonkin).
The first thing the French had to deal with was the royalty. Rather than abolishing the monarchy as what the British had done in Burma, the Vietnamese monarch was preserved and they served as figureheads for the French. Their existence was a façade by the French to reinforce their own control and legitimize their own policies. The political structure resembled that of Cambodia and Laos, with the French in firm control of the legislative and executive powers.
Cochinchina.
The supreme executive authority lay in the hands of the governor, assisted by a Privy Council and a Colonial Council. The Privy Council resembled the Executive Council and the Colonial Council resembled the Legislative Assembly in the British colonial system. The colony in Cochinchina was divided into major districts and a French administrative officer was appointed as the head of each district. The Colonial Council focused on colonial laws, land, domestic transportation and public works. The Privy Council was in charge of finance, taxation, and militia.
Cambodia and Laos.
The nobility, the monarchy and the hierarchy of mandarins, were preserved and they existed alongside the French. However, the executive authority remained in the hands of the résident-supérieur, assisted by a Privy Council and a Protectorate Council similar to Cochinchina. Each protectorate was divided into provinces under French Residents. However, in contrast with Cochinchina, the rule was less direct. The actual administration was carried out by the collaborating local officials under the supervision of their French opposite numbers, who never intervened directly unless there was a dire need to do so. Despite so, French control could not be challenged and remained absolute.
Direct or Indirect Rule.
On paper, Cochinchina was the only portion with direct rule imposed. The province legally annexed to the French under Treaty of Saigon. The rest of the provinces, Tonkin, Annam, Cambodia and Laos remained as French protectorate. However, the differences between direct and indirect rule “was a legal rather than a practical one1”.Political interference was as every bit intrusive in Cochinchina as Laos.
Assimilation vs. Association.
The French adopted a policy of assimilation rather than association. The policy of association allowed the colonialists to rule through native rulers while upholding their traditional cultures and hierarchy, similar to British rule in Malaya. However, the French ruled out that option and chose to adopt the policy of assimilation. This was due to the French experience in 1789 French Revolution and Napoleonic era. The Declaration of Rights of Man was based on the principle of egalité, liberté and fraternité for all subjects and citizens of France, and the colonies could not be an exception. French language was to be the language of administration. The whole Indochina would be “Frenchized”. Napoleonic Code was introduced in 1879 into the five provinces, sweeping away the Confucianism that has existed for centuries in Indochina.
Doumer’s reforms.
Doumer, who was sent by French government to administer Indochina in 1897, made a series of reforms that would last till the collapse of French authority in Indochina. First, he gave greater political autonomy to Cambodian monarch and limited the executive authority of resident-general in return for Cambodian recognition of French land titles and opening of its economy. In Annam, he decided to preserve the monarchy to gain legitimacy for the French. He created the High Council that included the French Privy Counsellors and Presidents of Chambers of Commerce. Financial system was reformed and refined in such a way that he was able to create a reserve.
The impact of French reforms.
The resulting policy of assimilation disregarded all Annamite traditions in favor of turning the Indochinese into Frenchmen. Unfortunately, the values and customs of the French are mostly conflicting with the traditions of the Indochinese. For example, The French valued individualism; the Indochinese appreciated their collectivism. Hence the destruction of many of Indochinese long-existing traditions provided a dangerous ground of resentment and rebellion. As reforms were introduced, new social classes were developed and Western thinking began to seep in, Annamite intellectuals began truly to understand the devastating effects of French influence on their society. Something had to change. Unfortunately, as most often in the struggle for independence, change meant war. Changes in the political and social consciousness of the Annamite population between 1920 and 1945—and the ability of the French to control numerous aspects of Annamite life, the alteration of the village economy and social relationships, and the introduction of a cash economy—all contributed to the onset of the Vietnam War.

</doc>
<doc id="18513014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513014" title="Gillian">
Gillian

Gillian (variant Jillian) is an English feminine given name.
It originates as a feminine form of the name Julian. It is also in use as a surname.
Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="18513015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513015" title="Battle of Invernahavon">
Battle of Invernahavon

The Battle of Invernahoven was a Scottish clan battle between the Clan Cameron and the Chattan Confederation of Clan Mackintosh, Clan Macpherson and Clan Davidson. Some sources give the date as 1386, others as 1370.
Background.
Around 400 men of the Clan Cameron were returning from a raid on Badenoch, the area around Kingussie. Travelling southwest up the Spey valley, they were overtaken at Invernahavon by a body of Chattan Confederation led by Lachlan, Laird of MacIntosh. Invernahovon lies southwest of Newtonmore in the headwaters of the River Spey, at the point where it is joined by the River Truim. It appears that the Camerons were trying to cross the Truim to continue home towards Fort William, following the route of the modern A86 road but on the opposite side of the Spey.
Battle.
The Chattan Confederation forces consisted of the Mackintoshes, Davidsons and Macphersons. As a result of a disagreement as to whether the Davidsons or Macphersons would occupy the right wing, which was the post of honour, the Macphersons withdrew in disgust from the army. The combined Clan Chattan had outnumbered the Camerons but with the loss of the Macphersons the Camerons now had the greater number. The battle resulted in a defeat for the remaining Clan Chattan forces. It is said that an ally of Cameron known as Charles MacGilony led the clan into battle; he is believed to have changed the outcome of the day with his uncanny ability as an archer. 
At this point, or possibly the next morning, the Macphersons changed their minds and decided to rejoin the Chattan confederation, attacking the Camerons with such vigour that they changed the victory into defeat. The Camerons were “put to flight” up the Truim valley towards Drumochter, turning homeward at Dalwhinnie, west towards Loch Treig. 
The Mackintoshes later claimed that the Macphersons were coaxed into the battle by a man from Clan Mackintosh who turned up at the Macphersons’ camp pretending to be from Clan Cameron and calling the Macphersons cowards. The Macphersons then attacked the Camerons’ camp, making a dreadful slaughter of them—even killing Charles MacGilony, the Camerons' top archer—at a place now called Charles’s Valley (in Gaelic "Coire Thearlaich"). 

</doc>
<doc id="18513020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513020" title="Tsugaru Tsuguakira">
Tsugaru Tsuguakira

Biography.
Tsugaru Tsuguakira was the 4th son of Hosokawa Narimori, the 8th "daimyō" of Uto Domain, a sub-domain of Kumamoto Domain in Kyushu. He was married to the 4th daughter of Tsugaru Yukitsugu, 11th "daimyō" of Hirosaki Domain, and was adopted as his heir in 1857.
Tsuguakira became "daimyō" on February 7, 1859, and continued his predecessor’s policies of modernizing and westernizing the domain's military forces. Tsuguakira became "daimyō" during the turbulent Bakumatsu period, during which time the Tsugaru clan first sided with the pro-imperial forces of Satchō Alliance, and attacked nearby Shōnai Domain. However, the Tsugaru soon switched course, and briefly joined the Ōuetsu Reppan Dōmei. However, for reasons yet unclear, the Tsugaru backed out of the alliance and re-joined the imperial cause after a few months, participating in several battles in the Imperial cause during the Boshin War, notably that of the Battle of Noheji, and Battle of Hakodate.
After the Meiji Restoration, with the abolition of the han system, Yukitsugu was appointed Imperial Governor of Hirosaki from 1869 to 1871, at which time the territory was absorbed into the new Aomori Prefecture. 
With the establishment of the "kazoku" peerage system in 1882, Tsuguakira was awarded with the title of "hakushaku" (count). After his retirement from public life, he served as a director of the , and was noted for his "waka" poetry. He died in Tokyo in 1916, and his grave is at the Yanaka Cemetery in Taito-ku, Tokyo.
Tsugaru Tsuguakira had no son, and adopted the younger son of the court noble Konoe Tadafusa, who took the name of (1872-1919) to be his heir.

</doc>
<doc id="18513022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513022" title="Katri Lindeqvist">
Katri Lindeqvist

Katri Lindeqvist (born September 5, 1980) is a Finnish orienteering competitor and world champion. 
She received a gold medal in the "relay" at the 2008 World Orienteering Championships in Olomouc, together with Merja Rantanen and Minna Kauppi.
She participated on the Finnish team (with Merja Rantanen and Minna Kauppi) that achieved a bronze medal in the championship relay at the 2008 European Orienteering Championships in Ventspils.

</doc>
<doc id="18513026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513026" title="Kondurcha River">
Kondurcha River

The Kondurcha (; ) is a river in Samara Oblast and Tatarstan, Russian Federation, a right-bank tributary of the Sok River. Its length is 294 km (25 of them in Tatarstan) and its drainage basin is 4,360 km². It origins in Samara Oblast and falls to the Sok in Samara Oblast.
Major tributaries are Shlama, Lipovka Rivers. The maximal mineralization 700-800 mg/l. Nurlat stays on the river. 

</doc>
<doc id="18513028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513028" title="10 Ka Dum">
10 Ka Dum

10 Ka Dum (Hindi for "Power of 10") was an Indian version of the popular international reality game show Power of 10, and aired on Sony Entertainment Television (India). The show was hosted by popular Bollywood actor Salman Khan. According to reports, the show helped Sony TV regain its third position in the Indian television ratings.
Game rules.
The game consists of two rounds.
First round.
In the first round, two contestants compete against each other in a best three-out-of-five format in which they are asked a 'Poll Question' and asked to provide a whole percentage number that most closely approximates the exact survey poll answer for the question. The contestant whose answers are closest to the poll results for 3 out of 5 national survey questions wins the 'First-Round'. The contestant who loses is then eliminated from the game.
Second round.
The contestant who wins the first round plays the game to win up to Rs. 10,00,00,000/- by trying to correctly approximate the survey's results within a narrowing percentage range for up to four poll questions. In this round, the contestant was given similar questions and placed a range on a scale from 0% to 100% that included the correct answer. (For example, if the answer was 53%, then the contestant's range must have included 53%.) The size of the range decreased as the money values increased:
For the first three poll questions, the correct answer to the question was revealed once the contestant locked-in an answer by pulling down a lever. For the fourth question of Rs.1,00,00,000, the correct answer was revealed only if the contestant's range missed the question. And if the question was answered correctly, the contestant was then given the chance to win Rs.10,00,00,000 by picking the exact percentage (rounded to the nearest 1%) out of that 10% range (11 choices in all). In addition, the contestant has the opportunity to consult with his/her designated supporter before deciding whether to lock-in a response at the Rs.10,00,00,000 prize level.
As with the lower prize levels, the contestant may elect to take the walk-away prize for the Rs.10,00,00,000 (Ten Crore Rupees) prize level, i.e., Rs.10,00,000 and terminate the game before locking in a response. However, if the contestant decides to lock in a response, the response cannot be changed, and the contestant no longer has the option of taking the walk-away prize of Rs.1,00,00,000. If the contestant locks in a response, the survey result for the poll question is than revealed. If the survey's result is exactly the same as the contestant’s response, the contestant is than awarded Rs.10,00,00,000. But, if the survey's result is not exactly the same as the contestant’s response, the contestant will be awarded Rs.10,00,000.
Season 1.
Note:
Unlucky Aamir.
Aamir Khan appeared on the July 4th episode. The 1 Crore question he was asked was: What percentage of Indian men think they are more intelligent than women? He dialed in a range between 51% and 61%. The correct answer was in the range, thus he won 1 Crore. He quit the show and didn't gamble for 10 Crore, but dialed in a guess of 57%. The exact percentage to the question was indeed 57%, so he would've won the jackpot of 10 Crore had he played on.
Season 2.
Note:The 'Grand Finale' of 10 Ka Dum Season 2 aired on October 17, 2009. Guests were Ajay Devgan and Fardeen Khan, promoting their upcoming film ; other guests were from Sony TV's popular shows: Indian Idol 1's winner Abhijeet Sawant, popular comedians Krushna Abhishek & Sudesh Lahiri from Comedy Circus, & cast of Sony Entertainment Television series "C.I.D.".
Ratings.
The show was extremely popular and was at number one spot in ratings in India. It garnered an average TVR of 2.81 and a peak rating of 4.5, leaving behind Shahrukh Khan's Kya Aap Paanchvi Paas Se Tej hai? with an average rating of 1.37 TVR and a peak rating of 2.3 and Hrithik Roshan's Junoon — Kuch Kar Dikhane Ka on NDTV Imagine with an average TVR of 0.76 and a peak rating of 1.1
Adaptation.
This Show was an adapted version of:
Awards.
Indian Telly Awards 2008 and 2009

</doc>
<doc id="18513043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513043" title="List of awards and nominations received by 3rd Rock from the Sun">
List of awards and nominations received by 3rd Rock from the Sun

The sitcom "3rd Rock from the Sun" has been nominated for and won a number of major television awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18513051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513051" title="Matt Hughes (rower)">
Matt Hughes (rower)

Matthew Hughes (born 2 October 1981) is an American rower. He competing in the 2008 Olympics in men's quadruple sculls (as bow seat). He attended the University of Michigan - Ann Arbor and graduated in the year 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18513057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513057" title="Jay Williamson">
Jay Williamson

Justin Arch "Jay" Williamson IV (born February 7, 1967) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour. 
Williamson was born in St. Louis, Missouri. After graduating from Trinity College, he turned professional in 1990.
Williamson has no PGA Tour victories, although he has finished 2nd twice, both playoff losses – to Hunter Mahan at the 2007 Travelers Championship, and to Kenny Perry at the 2008 John Deere Classic. He won once on the Nationwide Tour: the 2007 Fort Smith Classic. He has more than $5 million in career earnings.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
DQ = Disqualified<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="18513058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513058" title="Mixenden">
Mixenden

Mixenden is a village in Calderdale, on the outskirts of Halifax in the county of West Yorkshire, England.
During the 1970s, after the building of tower blocks in Mixenden, social problems and unemployment led to a somewhat tarnished reputation. Although much has been done to regenerate the area, its isolation from other neighbourhoods and its position, northwest of Halifax, continues to contribute to a social separation from the rest of Calderdale.
To the North West of the village is a large reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="18513061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513061" title="MS Prinsendam (1973)">
MS Prinsendam (1973)

MS "Prinsendam", a Holland-America liner built at Shipyard de Merwede in the Netherlands in 1973, was 427 feet long and typically carried about 350 passengers and 200 crew members. The liner was sailing through the Gulf of Alaska, approximately 120 miles south of Yakutat, Alaska, at midnight on October 4, 1980, when a fire broke out in the engine room. The vessel’s master, Cornelis Dirk Wabeke (April 13, 1928 – August 16, 2011), declared the fire out of control one hour later and the "Prinsendam" sent a radio call requesting immediate assistance. The United States Coast Guard at Communications Station Kodiak, Alaska requested that the "Prinsendam" send out an SOS, but the captain declined. Chief Radio Officer Jack van der Zee sent one out anyway about a half hour later, which alerted nearby vessels.
United States Coast Guard, USAF Air Rescue Service, and Royal Canadian Air Force helicopters (which have a longer range and can be aerially refueled) rescued the passengers and crew. Two USAF pararescuemen were inserted into one of the lifeboats. This boat was the last rescued and was spotted only when the Air Force personnel signalled the on scene cutters. The cutters , , and responded in concert with other vessels in the area. The "Sohio Intrepid" and the "Williamsburg" assisted on scene. The "Williamsburg" served a vital role as a communications platform and was the first vessel to arrive on scene and take passengers on board. The "Sohio Intrepid" served as a platform for one of the USAF helicopters that was unable to refuel in flight. The rescue took place during a period of steadily deteriorating weather. The passenger vessel later capsized and sank. The rescue is particularly important because of the distance traveled by the rescuers, the coordination of independent organizations, and the fact that all 520 passengers and crew were rescued without loss of life or serious injury.

</doc>
<doc id="18513065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513065" title="Daniel B. Cid">
Daniel B. Cid

Daniel B. Cid is the founder and CTO of Sucuri Security LLC. He was also the lead developer of the open source OSSEC HIDS. His interests range from intrusion detection, log analysis (log-based intrusion detection) and secure development. He is an active member of the open source community, specially known for creating the OSSEC, Rootcheck and Syscheck packages. He is also the co-writer of the "Host-Based Intrusion Detection Guide" book.
On June 2008, he sold his open source project OSSEC to Trend Micro/Third Brigade, and joined the company as the lead of OSSEC development.

</doc>
<doc id="18513066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513066" title="Sammi Fajarowicz">
Sammi Fajarowicz

Sammi Fajarowicz (5 June 1908 in Möckern/Leipzig – 4 July 1940 in Leipzig) was a German chess master.
Born into a Jewish family with Ukrainian roots. He played several times in Leipzig championships; took 3rd in 1928, took 2nd in 1929, shared 1st with Max Blümich, but lost to him a play-off match (2.5–4.5) in 1930, and twice won in 1931 and 1933. He also took 5th at Bautzen 1929, tied for 12-13th at Zwickau 1930 (Karl Helling won), and took 5th at Frankfurt. 
Fajarowicz took 4th at Great Yarmouth 1935 (Samuel Reshevsky won). In Nazi Germany, he could play only in "Jüdische Meisterschaft Deutschlands". He won twice those tournaments - at Leipzig 1935 (jointly with J. Mundsztuk and Simon Rotenstein) and Frankfurt am Main 1937. 
He had tried to escape from Germany but without success. Finally, he died in a Jewish Hospital in Leipzig ("Leipziger Israelische Krankenhaus") because of tuberculosis.
His name is attached to the Fajarowicz Gambit in the Budapest Gambit (1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e5 3.dxe5 Ne4!?).

</doc>
<doc id="18513067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513067" title="MS Prinsendam">
MS Prinsendam

MS "Prinsendam" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18513071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513071" title="Vagiz Galiullin">
Vagiz Galiullin

Vagiz Galiullin (, born 10 October 1987) is a Russian-Uzbekistani footballer who plays for FC Rubin Kazan. Galiulin is of Tatar descent.
Uzbek Leagues.
A pupil of the Uzbek side FK Andijan. He made 3 appearances there before moving to Buxoro FK, where he made just 1 appearance.
Rubin Kazan.
In 2006, he moved to the reserve team of Rubin Kazan for an unknown fee. He made his debut for FC Rubin Kazan on March 7, 2007 in quarter finals of the Russian Cup against FC Rostov. He made his debut in the Russian Premier League on November 16, 2008 in a match against CSKA Moscow.
In 2010, he helped FC Rubin Kazan to win the CIS Cup. After this, he spent 2 seasons on loan with FC Sibir Novosibirsk, making 30 appearances.
In July 2012, he moved on loan to FC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk, making 19 appearances and scoring 2 goals.
On 25 July 2013, after a break of 3 seasons without playing for Rubin's senior team, Galiulin started the 2nd leg of a UEFA Europa League tie against FK Jagodina. He had a bright game, and assisted Gökdeniz Karadeniz to score the only goal of the game.
National Team.
Galiulin is an Uzbek international with 11 caps to his name. He made his national team debut in September 2008, as a substitute in a 3-0 loss to Qatar.
In 2011, with the Uzbekistan national team, he finished 4th place in the Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18513090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513090" title="17th Indian Division">
17th Indian Division

The 17th Indian Division was formed in 1917 from units of the British Indian Army for service in the Mesopotamia Campaign during World War I. The division was involved in the Action at Fat-ha Gorge on the Little Zab between October 23–26, 1918 and the Battle of Sharqat, October 28–30, 1918. At the end of the Great War it was part of the occupation force in Iraq until it was disbanded up in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="18513103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513103" title="George Burton Adams">
George Burton Adams

George Burton Adams (June 3, 1851 – May 26, 1925) was an American medievalist historian who taught at Yale University from 1888 to 1925. He was noted for his written works as well as his 1908 address as president of the American Historical Association, which lamented the encroachment of the social sciences on the field of history, a position later challenged by James Harvey Robinson. He also played a key role in the establishment of the "American Historical Review". Adams was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="18513113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513113" title="Anatoliy Kuksov">
Anatoliy Kuksov

Anatoliy Yakovych Kuksov () (born 21 November 1949 in Voroshilovgrad) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Ukrainian coach.
International career.
Kuksov made his debut for USSR on 2 July 1972 in a friendly against Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18513135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513135" title="British Airways Helicopters">
British Airways Helicopters

British Airways Helicopters was a British helicopter airline from 1964 to 1986.
History.
From 1947 British European Airways had operated a Helicopter Experiment Unit and five helicopters were ordered from the United States (three Sikorsky S-51s and two Bell 47s). 
The unit operated timetabled mail services in East Anglia during 1948 using their Sikorsky S-51s. A scheduled passenger service was operated during 1950 between Cardiff (Pengam Moors), Wrexham and Liverpool (Speke), also utilising the S-51s. These services were followed in 1954 by a passenger service between Southampton Eastleigh Airport, London Heathrow Airport and Northolt Airport using leased Bristol 171 helicopters. The 1955 passenger service was flown between Birmingham, Heathrow and London Gatwick Airport, again with the Bristol 171s. 
A separate company was formed in 1964 as BEA Helicopters Limited and operated the first service between Penzance and the Scilly Islands on 1 May 1964 with a Sikorsky S-61. The airline later expanded into offshore oil support flights from July 1965. Operations from Aberdeen started in July 1967 and in 1971 from Sumburgh. With the change of name of the parent on the 31 March 1974 the airline was renamed British Airways Helicopters. In 1981 the airline bought five Boeing 234 Chinooks for use on the offshore oil support flights.
The company was involved in setting up the Airlink high-frequency helicopter shuttle service between Gatwick and Heathrow airports in 1978. It was responsible for engineering and maintenance of the BAA-owned helicopter and for providing the flight crew. It later passed these responsibilities to British Caledonian Helicopters.
In 1986 the airline was sold by British Airways to Robert Maxwell's Maxwell Aviation and renamed British International Helicopters. The successor company still operated the Penzance to Isles of Scilly route forty years after it was first scheduled, until it was cancelled in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18513142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513142" title="The Lost Trailers (album)">
The Lost Trailers (album)

The Lost Trailers is the fourth studio album of American country music group The Lost Trailers. It was released to BNA Records on August 29, 2006. It produced two singles: "Call Me Crazy" and "Why Me", which peaked at number 43 and number 45, respectively, on the Hot Country Songs charts.

</doc>
<doc id="18513158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513158" title="Olive Willis">
Olive Willis

Olive Margaret Willis (26 October 1877 – 11 March 1964) was an English educationist and headmistress. She founded Downe House School and was its head for nearly forty years, from 1907 to 1946.
Early life.
Willis was born in 1877 at 65 Thistle Grove, Kensington, London, a daughter of John Armine Willis (1839–1916), a school inspector who later became Chief Inspector of Schools for the west of England, and of Janet Willis, who was a daughter of James Coutts Crawford. There were five children in the family, four daughters and a son, and Willis was the second girl. John Armine Willis had been educated at Cambridge, where he was an officer of the Cambridge University Rifle Volunteers, and he liked to take his children on climbing holidays in Switzerland. Willis later remembered that they had "suffered from a surfeit of beautiful things on an empty stomach".
Olive Willis was a rebellious child. In 1891, she was sent as a boarder to the new Wimbledon House in Brighton, which while she was there became Roedean School, and was there for four years. From 1898 to 1901, she was at Somerville College, Oxford, where she read History, gaining a third class in her Finals.
Religion.
Although baptized in the Church of England, the Willises attended a Theistic church founded by the Rev. Charles Voysey in Swallow Street, near Piccadilly. At Roedean, Willis objected to the lack of religious teaching, was attracted to Anglo-Catholicism, and at the age of seventeen was confirmed at the High Anglican St Cuthbert's, Earls Court, remaining a lifelong Anglican.
Career.
After Oxford, Willis taught history for one year at Queen Anne's School, Caversham, then in 1902 returned to her own old school, Roedean, where she remained for two years. After that, she became a supply teacher, teaching in a wide range of schools, including the Haberdashers' Aske's School for Girls, which was then in Acton, and a school in Chesterfield.
In 1907, with her friend Alice Carver as a non-teaching partner, Willis founded a new girls' boarding school called Downe House. They raised £1,500 to rent and equip Down House in the village of Downe, near Orpington, Kent, a house which had previously been the home of Charles Darwin. The school began with one girl and five mistresses. Its aim was to achieve educational excellence in a framework which was relaxed but structured. Three more girls were added to the school by the Spring of 1908, and by 1910 there were thirty-six girls, of whom all but four were boarders. Willis herself taught English, Latin, Scripture, and history, while Carver was matron and kept house. Carver withdrew from their partnership in 1912, and Willis ran the school alone until 1919, when she took on a new partner called Lilian Heather, who had been at the school since 1907 as a part-time teacher of Science and Mathematics.
The school became popular with literary and academic parents. In 1913, "Punch" magazine's annual cricket match was played at Downe, with E. V. Lucas, a school parent, captaining one team and J. M. Barrie the other, his team including A. A. Milne. The school produced authors of its own. One of Willis's early pupils was the Anglo-Irish girl Elizabeth Bowen (1899–1973), who became a significant novelist, and Audrey Richards (1899–1984), later a social anthropologist, was her exact contemporary. Other pupils included the sculptress Betty Rea (1904–1965), writers Aletha Hayter (1911–2006) and Priscilla Napier (1908–1998), the poet Anne Ridler (1912–2001), the philosopher Mary Scrutton, the archaeologist Aileen Fox (1907–2005), and the musician Evelyn Rothwell (1911–2008). The composer Robin Milford taught at the school, while Myra Hess gave piano recitals and played with the school orchestra.
In December 1921, with the help of an uncle and with a loan from two parents of girls at the school, Willis bought The Cloisters, Cold Ash, Berkshire, with sixty acres, for £11,976. The Cloisters had been designed by the architect James MacLaren Ross and was built during the First World War for a religious order called 'The School of Silence', but the order had been unable to keep up the payments on its mortgage. Willis was able to move her school there just four months after the purchase, in April 1922. For the Summer term of 1922, the school had eighty-three girls, and by 1925 there were 118. Downe House had arrived as a leading girls' school.
As a headmistress, Willis had an imposing presence, but a balanced personality, and she inspired respect in her girls. She wanted her school to be a place where "life should be normal", with some freedom and a natural pace. In education, Willis believed that girls should not try to be like boys, and she aimed at a serious attitude towards education, preparing some of her pupils for university life. She could be difficult to work with and knew little of housekeeping, but many of her staff, like her business partner Lilian Heather, were devoted to her. One employee, the eccentric Maria Nickel, was her chauffeur, handyman, architect and engineer, and slept in her bathroom.
Retirement.
Heather died in 1943, and in 1944 Willis gave up the ownership of the school, which was transferred to a public body. She retired as headmistress in 1946, but intended to go on living at Hill House, which had been built for her in the school's grounds. This led to her chosen successor moving to another school, and Willis decided to divide her time between Hill House and a second home at 38, Tedworth Square, Chelsea, London SW3. She kept up with old pupils and continued her interests in the Bermondsey Time and Talents Settlement and in the Girl Guides movement.
After living nearly twenty years in retirement, Willis died at her London home on 11 March 1964, in her 87th year, of a perforated duodenal ulcer. She was cremated, and her ashes were buried in a memorial garden at Downe House. Her estate at death amounted to £16,510.

</doc>
<doc id="18513160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513160" title="2008 NC State Wolfpack football team">
2008 NC State Wolfpack football team

The 2008 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team's head coach was Tom O'Brien, who began his second season as the Wolfpack head coach with a 5–7 overall record, and a 3–5 conference record at NCSU. N.C. State has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) since the league's inception in 1953, and has participated in that conference's Atlantic Division since 2005. The Wolfpack played its home games in 2008 at Carter-Finley Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina, which has been N.C. State football's home stadium since 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="18513161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513161" title="Hachihonmatsu Station">
Hachihonmatsu Station

Layout.
2 side platforms on ground. Station building lies above the platforms and the tracks.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18513177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513177" title="Kana Hanazawa">
Kana Hanazawa

Her debut single was released on April 25, 2012

</doc>
<doc id="18513192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513192" title="Giuseppe Oldani">
Giuseppe Oldani

Giuseppe Oldani (born July 15, 1904, date of death unknown) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Milan.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the welterweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Douglas Lewis.

</doc>
<doc id="18513198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513198" title="Tsugaru Yukitsugu">
Tsugaru Yukitsugu

Biography.
Tsugaru Yukitsugu was born as Matsudaira Yukinori, the 5th son of Matsudaira Nobuakira, the 3rd "daimyō" of Yoshida Domain in Mikawa Province. He was adopted on June 5, 1821 as the heir to Tsugaru Chikatari, the 8th Lord Kuroishi, and 1st "daimyō" of Kuroishi Domain. On his adoptive father’s retirement, as Tsugaru Yukinori, he became the 2nd "daimyō" of Kuroishi Domain from 1825 to 1839. He was known as an intelligent ruler, and worked for the restoration of the domain's finances during the political and agricultural crisis of the Tenpo era. After the Tokugawa bakufu forced Tsugaru Nobuyuki, the 10th lord of Hirosaki Domain into retirement over allegations of gross misrule, Yukinori was ordered to change his name to Tsugaru Yukisugu and to take his place as the 11th "daimyō" of Hirosaki. He turned the rule of Kuroishi Domain over to his brother, Tsugaru Tsuguyasu.
Tsuguyasu brought in the noted Confucian scholar Sato Issai as his advisor, and attempted to continue implementation many of the reforms initiated by Tsugaru Nobuakira to restore prosperity to the disaster-prone domain, expanding on Nobuakira’s code of ethics from five articles to thirty in an attempt to reign in his unruly retainers. In addition to expanding the domain’s agricultural land through opening of new paddy fields, Tsuguyasu established a foundry for the casting of cannons, and attempted to modernize the domain’s military and medical level through the introduction of "rangaku" studies. 
In 1859 Tsuguyasu turned the reign over to his son, Tsugaru Tsuguakira, and retired to pursue studies in literature and "waka" poetry. He died at the clan’s Edo residence in 1865. His grave is at the clan temple of Jūyō-in in Taitō-ku, Tokyo

</doc>
<doc id="18513208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513208" title="Ihor Kulchytskyi">
Ihor Kulchytskyi

Ihor Yevstakhiyovych Kulchytskyi (, ; born 13 August 1941 in Lviv) is a retired Soviet football player, Master of Sports of the USSR.
Biography.
Kulchytsky was born during the World War II in occupied by the Nazi Germany Western Ukraine. After the war he finished the Lviv Institute of Physical Culture and the school of Journalism of Lviv University.
From 1961 to 1973 Kulchytsky was a non-amateur football player, playing mostly in the All-Soviet competitions, while spending some years in other clubs from the western Ukraine. In 1969 being a captain of Karpaty Lviv, he led the team to victory in the Soviet Cup competition where in final at Luzhniki Stadium of Vladimir Lenin they beat Rostov Army team.
Upon retiring Kulchytsky studied at the Higher school of coaches in Moscow. In 1987-88 he was a children coach of his former sports school (Sports school 4). In 1989 Kulchytsky became a team administrator of Karpaty Lviv. Later he worked for cities authorities until 2001. Since then Kulchytsky represents Karpaty at the Football Federation of Lviv Oblast.
International career.
Kulchytsky made his debut for USSR on 17 February 1971 in a friendly against Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18513211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513211" title="Ovčar-Kablar Gorge">
Ovčar-Kablar Gorge

Ovčar-Kablar Gorge (Serbian Cyrillic: Овчарско-кабларска клисура, Latin: "Ovčarsko-kablarska klisura") is a gorge in the western Serbia, part of the composite valley of the West Morava river. With over 300 monasteries built in the gorge since the 14th century, it is known as the "Serbian Mount Athos".
Location and geography.
The Ovčar-Kablar Gorge is in western Serbia, halfway between the towns of Čačak (17 kilometers on the east) and Požega on the west, some 155 kilometers south-west of the capital Belgrade.
The gorge is a narrow of the West Morava's composite valley, a continuation of the Požega Depression on the west, while itself continuous into the Čačak-Kraljevo Depression on the east. The gorge is carved between the 985 meters high mountain of Ovčar on the south and 889 meters high Kablar on the north, thus gaining its name. The river meanders through the gorge for 15 kilometers. Epigenetic in nature (type of galleric epigenia), the Ovčar-Kablar Gorge was crucial for the genesis of the entire West Morava valley (West Pomoravlje).
Economy.
Ovčar Spa ("Ovčar banja") is located in the gorge, at an altitude of 278 meters. It has a hot, sulfuric water (37,5 Celsius), which is helpful for the treatment of rheumatism, nerve and skin diseases. 
In 1954, the West Morava was dammed in the gorge when two hydroelectric dams with artificial lakes were created. Dam "Ovčar Banja" created smaller Ovčar Lake, which since then has been mudded by the alluvial silt brought by the river. The other, 7 megawatt strong dam "Međuvršje" created larger (1.5 square kilometers) Međuvršje Lake. The gorge is also a route to the railroad and a freeway which connect central and western Serbia.
Monasteries.
First churches were built in the early 14th century, after the mercenaries from the Catalan Company raided the Byzantine Mount Athos in 1307-1309. Serbian Orthodox clergy fled the peninsula and began building first monasteries in the gorge. The next wave of the refugee priests came after the Turkish-Serbian Battle of Maritsa in 1371. Since then, over 300 monasteries, churches or worship places were built in the gorge. Today only 10 monasteries, one church and one sacred cave remained, most of them from the period of Ottoman occupation in the 15th-18th century:

</doc>
<doc id="18513232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513232" title="Joseph Rémy">
Joseph Rémy

Joseph Rémy (born 23 September 1906, date of death unknown) is a Belgian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the welterweight class after losing to Roy Ingram of South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18513239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513239" title="Akihiro Yano">
Akihiro Yano


</doc>
<doc id="18513268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513268" title="Jeffrey N. Steenson">
Jeffrey N. Steenson

Jeffrey Neil Steenson PA (born April 1, 1952) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who currently serves as the first ordinary of the Personal Ordinariate of the Chair of Saint Peter, which provides for former Anglicans who have become Roman Catholics. A former air pilot, Steenson served as the Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of the Rio Grande from 2005 until 2007, when he resigned and entered full communion with the Roman Catholic Church.
Education.
Steenson is a patristics scholar. He received a Doctor of Philosophy degree from Christ Church, Oxford, with a 1983 dissertation entitled "Basil of Ancyra and the Course of Nicene Orthodoxy". His earlier degrees are Master of Divinity from Harvard Divinity School (1978) in New Testament patristics, Master of Arts from Trinity Evangelical Divinity School (1976) in church history, and Bachelor of Arts from Trinity International University (1974) in history.
Episcopalian ministry.
Steenson was ordained as a priest of The Episcopal Church on June 29, 1980, and went on to serve as curate at All Saints' Church in Wynnewood, Pennsylvania and later as the rector of the Church of the Good Shepherd in Rosemont and St. Andrew's Church in Fort Worth, Texas.
In October 2004, Steenson was elected bishop coadjutor of the Episcopal Diocese of the Rio Grande; he was consecrated on January 16, 2005. On August 1, 2005, he succeeded Terrence Kelshaw as Bishop of Rio Grande. Steenson was a member of the Board of Trustees of Nashotah House and the Board of Directors of The Living Church Foundation.
In September 2007, Steenson announced his decision to resign as bishop, effective December 1.
Roman Catholic ministry.
Steenson was received into the full communion of the Roman Catholic Church on December 1, 2007. Having petitioned for ordination in the Catholic Church under the Pastoral Provision, he began studies at the Pontifical Irish College in Rome.
Steenson was ordained a transitional deacon in December 2008 by Bernard Cardinal Law, the archpriest of the Basilica of St. Mary Major in Rome. On February 21, 2009, he was ordained a priest for the Archdiocese of Santa Fe by Archbishop Michael J. Sheehan, in St. Thomas Aquinas Church in Rio Rancho, New Mexico. Steenson has taught at the University of Dallas (Rome campus), the University of St. Thomas in Houston, and at St. Mary's Seminary, also in Houston.
On January 1, 2012, Pope Benedict XVI named Steenson the first ordinary of the newly created Personal Ordinariate of the Chair of Saint Peter, and he was installed as ordinary on 12 February 2012. Upon his appointment as ordinary, Steenson was granted the title protonotary apostolic, the highest rank of Monsignor, by His Holiness Pope Benedict XVI. Because Steenson is married, he is not eligible to be ordained as a Catholic bishop, but due to his position as ordinary, he is a full, voting member of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops. At its founding, the ordinariate was said to have inquiries from over 100 Anglican priests and 1,400 people.
Personal life.
Steenson is married to Debra Jane Steenson, with whom he has three adult children. He is an avid amateur pilot and aircraft builder.

</doc>
<doc id="18513274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513274" title="Richard Douglass">
Richard Douglass

Captain Richard Douglass (1746–1828) was born in New London, Connecticut in 1746 to Stephen and Patience Douglass. Richard Douglass ran a successful cooper business. Already in 1760 where there more than 40 ships from Brigs to Sloops registered in New London many under the Shaw Family flag conducting business in the East and West Indies as well as such foreign ports at Lisbon, Barcelona, Amsterdam and even as far as Russia in addition to the mother country England. Being a cooper was a valuable trade especially with New London and the Colonies thirst for Bajan (Barbados) Rum.
American Revolution 1775–1783.
At the outbreak of hostilities in the 1775 against England Richard Douglass enlisted in the militia and marched alongside Nathan Hale, William Coit, John & James Chapman and other New Londoners to Boston in William Coit's Independent Company. At this point it is not yet known if his unit under Capt. Chapman participated at Bunker Hill but it is suspected as William Coit was with a 200 man strong unit that fought at the "fence" with Thomas Knowlton of Connecticut. John Chapman eventually served under Knowlton in the elite Army Ranger unit, the first of its kind. Two companies of New London County men were at Bunker Hill including John Tubbs of modern day East Lyme and Christopher Darrow (East Lyme/Montville) then called "Northern Parrish". It is most likely that, according to documentation, that William Coit's Independent Company protected the retreating soldiers from Bunker Hill (Breeds) thwarting any British engagements, thus allowing the survivors to return in safety.
It is known that Capt. Chapman's Regiment of Foote or "Company" served under Lyme's General Samuel Holden Parsons then living in New London and participated at the Battle of New York (Long Island) and the defense of New York and eventual retreat to the Highlands. It is thought that here Richard Douglass "suffered atrocities of the British" and was taken prisoner, eventually escaping a prison ship in 1776-77. Richard fought at the defense of Philadelphia, Monmouth, New Jersey, Germantown and Brandywine engagements along with many other Eastern Connecticut men. It is also possible that he was taken prisoner at Germantown, as many from New London County were, as their poorly led unit was outflanked. This part of the story is also yet to be told.
Richard Douglass served throughout the war and it has come to our knowledge that he was again the victim of atrocities when Benedict Arnold returned in 1781 burning New London and the attack on Ft. Griswold in Groton that eventually claimed the lives of 83 men on the Groton side and 6 more on the New London side. While Bradley Street was spared the torch it is possible that Richard Douglass and family suffered harassment. 
It is said that Richard Douglass enlisted in 1775 and served distinguishably throughout the war ending service in 1783.
Not much is known yet of the man as a person, what he looked like or what people like Nathan Hale, William Coit or John Chapman thought of him but having served distinguishably appears that he was a good foot soldier and very loyal to cause becoming respected in that area.
Military history.
Douglas, Richard (Conn). Private in the Lexington Alarm, April, 1775; 
Ensign and Regimental Quartermaster in Selden's Connecticut State Regiment, 20 June to 25 December 1776; 2nd Lieutenant 1st Connecticut, 1 at January,
1777; 1st Lieutenant, 1 January 1778; Captain Lieutenant, 11 August,
1780; Captain, 22 August 1780; transferred to 5th Connecticut, 1 January 1781, transferred to 3d Connecticut, 1 January 1783; transferred
to Swift's Consolidated Connecticut Regiment, June, 1783, and served to 3d
November, 1783. (Died 1828.)
At the close of the War with New London nearly burned to the ground and its economy in shambles, it appears Richard Douglass's business began to slowly rebound. Just a few years after the war's conclusion he purchased the land from Timothy Green at the corners of the new Golden Street and Cross Street (now Green's Alley) to build a house. At nearly 40 years of age he removed from Bradley Street, which was known as "Widows Row" from the British attack on New London to this new street even closer to the wharves on Bank Street. His cooper business took place at 102 Golden Street for some time and eventually purchased the plot at 77-79 Green Street (immediately next door) for 117 dollars on June 30, 1801 from Timothy Green then living in Fredricksburg, VA to manage his family business interests there. The house was built a short time after and is one of the few homes of its type remaining in New London. 
1801 Richard Douglass House
At the close of the American Revolution in 1783 Richard became one of the founding officers of the Society of the Cincinnati and it is noted in Bryce Metcalf's "Original Members and Other Officers Eligible to the Society of the Cincinnati" (1938) that he served until November 3, 1783. Richard Douglass was a member of the Connecticut Society.
Richard married Ann Jennings, a widow from New Shoreham, Block Island, Rhode Island in 1777 and had 8 children. All lived to their adult years. Ann Jennings from the Champlin stock a well known Eastern Connecticut line of families, well respected and quite obviously a catch.
Richard Douglass' children Alexander b. 1778, Robert, Lucy, and Richard Jr. Alexander eventually became a whaling captain working in the firm of Benjamin Brown of New London as well as for the Williams firm. He purchased property in upstate New York or received it from a war grant from his father's service in the war and eventually retired there after his last whaling voyages in about 1838. 
Richard Jr. became a lawyer and moved to Ohio Territory at Chillicote then being populated by many of Eastern Connecticut's citizens and later relocated to Marietta, Ohio and had two sons, Luke Richard and Albert. Richard Sr. died in 1852 in Chillicote, Ohio.
The Benjamin Brown house (ca. 1817) still stands today on Bank Street as a "granite" icon to the Whaling Era. Alexander was the captain to many of the most successful early whaling voyages out of New London. A yet unconfirmed story about him is his ship eventually rescued stranded survivors of the Pequod.

</doc>
<doc id="18513275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513275" title="Ptiliinae">
Ptiliinae

Ptiliinae is the largest subfamily of feather-winged beetles (family Ptilidae). About 80% of the described genera of these very tiny beetles are contained herein; however, many more genera and species await description.
Like all members of their family, they are usually found in rotting organic material in a wide range of habitats. The clutch genenerally contains only a single egg, which is very large in comparison to the adult female, sometimes half as long as the beetle itself.
Selected genera.
Tribe Ptiliini
Tribe Nanosellini

</doc>
<doc id="18513294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513294" title="1992 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships – Singles">
1992 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships – Singles

Nicklas Kulti was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Goran Ivanišević defeated Christian Bergström 1–6, 7–6(7–5), 6–4 to secure the singles title of the 1992 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships tennis tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18513295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513295" title="Harald Nielsen (boxer)">
Harald Nielsen (boxer)

Harald Laderstoff Nielsen (February 23, 1902 – March 14, 1983) was a Danish boxer who won a gold medal at the 1925 European Amateur Boxing Championships in the welterweight division. In 1924 Nielsen competed in the Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Copenhagen.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the welterweight class after losing his fight to Giuseppe Oldani.
In 1925 he claimed the welterweight title at the 1925 European Amateur Boxing Championships by defeating Helge Ahlberg in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18513306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513306" title="Saint Irmgardis">
Saint Irmgardis

Saint Irmgardis, Saint Irmgard of Süchteln (1000 - † 1065 or 1082/1089, Cologne, Germany) was a medieval saint and sovereign Countess Irmgardis of Aspel (Germany) in 1013-1085. Her relics are preserved in sarcophagus in the altar of Cologne Cathedral.
Also known as Saint Irmgardis of Köln, the sources show her as Reigning Countess, and after her parents died, she distributed her wealth among hospitals, churches and social institutions. She lived a simple life in solitude and went on three pilgrimages to Rome. She spent her last years in Köln, where she supported Chapters and Convents.

</doc>
<doc id="18513312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513312" title="Andreas Petersen">
Andreas Petersen

Carl Andreas Dusinius Hjort Petersen (September 19, 1901 – February 15, 1976) was a Danish boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Buddinge and died in Copenhagen.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the welterweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Héctor Méndez.

</doc>
<doc id="18513314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513314" title="Coolio discography">
Coolio discography

This is the discography of Coolio, an American rapper.

</doc>
<doc id="18513322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513322" title="List of towns and cities in England by historical population">
List of towns and cities in England by historical population

This is a list of the largest cities and towns of England ordered by population at various points during history. Until the first modern census was conducted in 1801 there was no centrally-conducted method of determining the populations of England's settlements at any one time, and so data has to be used from a number of other historical surveys. The lists below are derived from the best available data and the ordering is in many cases only approximate.
Pre Roman Era.
The first settlements that can genuinely be considered urban appear in the first century BC, and are known to archaeologists as oppida. Generally these "oppida" became the main urban centres of the various tribal divisions used under the Romans. Certain examples include Colchester, St Albans, Silchester, Winchester, and Canterbury, however there may have been many others, such as Dorchester. Their distribution is limited to the south of the country. Estimating the populations of these oppida is fraught with difficulty by the nature of the evidence, and as such no precise hierarchy has yet been established; however it is generally agreed that by the time of the Roman conquest Colchester was probably the largest, perhaps followed by Silchester.
Roman Era.
When the Romans invaded in AD 43, their key strategic target was the oppidum at Colchester, the capital of the powerful Catuvellauni. Many of the oppida in the south were simply converted over time into Roman towns. However, the Romans were the first to establish urban settlements outside the southeast. How deliberate this process was is open to debate: many towns grew up of their own accord around major army forts, such as at Caerleon or Exeter; these were known as vici. London is something of an exception; it seems to have developed out of a trading colony, and eventually came to eclipse even Colchester in terms of population and importance thanks to its command of the Thames commercial axis. There was no significant Iron Age oppidum in this area. It is again difficult to establish a hierarchy, as direct population records are lacking for this period. The largest city however at least by the second century was London, perhaps followed by Winchester and York.
Anglo-Saxon England.
Urban sites were on the decline from the late Roman period and remained of very minor importance until around the ninth century. The largest cities in later Anglo-Saxon England however were Winchester, London and York, in that order, although London had eclipsed Winchester by the eleventh century. Details of population size are however lacking.
Norman Conquest.
The Norman Conquest of 1066 changed the demographics of England, with many settlements having been destroyed by the invading army. In 1086, William the Conqueror ordered the creation of the Domesday Book, a systematic survey of the kingdom of England. Over 100 settlements were classified as "borough" status and the number of houses or burgesses were counted. Nonetheless, it is not possible to be sure of the exact population of any settlement and the table below is ordered by the recorded number of houses. London was comfortably the largest borough in England and has remained so ever since, though was not included in the Domesday survey, nor were Winchester, Bristol or Tamworth and so their exact size must be estimated.
Medieval England.
By the start of the fourteenth century the structure of most English towns had changed considerably since the Norman Conquest. A number of towns were granted market status and had grown around local trades. Also notable is the reduction in importance of Winchester, the Anglo-Saxon capital.
Although not a direct measure of population, the lay subsidy records of 1334 can be used as a measure of both a settlement's size and stature and the table gives the 30 largest towns and cities in England according to that report. The lay subsidy, an early form of poll tax, however, omitted a sizeable proportion of the population.
In 1377 the first true poll tax was levied in which everyone over the age of 14 who was not exempt was required to pay a groat to the Crown. The records taken listed the name and location of everyone who paid the tax and so give an excellent measure of the population at the time, although assumptions need to be made about the proportion of the population who were under 14, generally taken to be around a third.
No strong information for population exists for the fifteenth century, with most modern estimates relying on analyses of baptism records. For the sixteenth century, the lay subsidy returns of 1523-1527 once again provide an excellent measure of households and adult population from which the overall populations can be estimated. The table shows the prosperity of East Anglia, principally due to the wool trade, accounting for eleven of the top thirty (whereas only one, Norwich, makes the top thirty largest towns and cities today).
All population values given in each of the tables below must therefore be taken as an estimate.
Rankings by year.
1334
1377
1523
17th/18th century.
The seventeenth and eighteenth centuries proved a low point for Britain's demography with no major structured survey of the nation's populations. The best estimate from this period is obtained from the hearth tax of 1662, which formed a survey of the number of hearths in each home. As with the Domesday survey, this did not form a direct measure of population but can be extrapolated to provide an estimate of the population of a town. The 1662 table gives the approximate order of the towns of the time from the survey. Most notable from a modern viewpoint is the fact that Manchester, Birmingham, Leeds, Liverpool and Sheffield do not make the top thirty, whereas within around 100 years they would become England's largest provincial cities. The 1750 table is again formed from estimates.
Rankings by year.
1662
1750
Nineteenth Century.
The Census Act 1800 resulted in Great Britain's first modern Census a year later, and other than 1941 a census has been taken every ten years since. The resulting populations of England's towns and cities clearly shows the effect of the Industrial Revolution on the urban population, particularly in the growth of the cities of the north and north-west. The data in the tables are taken from the censuses.
Rankings by year.
1801
1861
1881
Twentieth century.
Measurement of the population of England's towns and cities during the twentieth century is complicated by determining what forms a separate "town" and where its exact boundaries lie, with boundaries often being moved. The lists are those of the constituent towns and cities, as opposed to those of the district or conurbation. For example Salford is measured separately to Manchester, and Gateshead to Newcastle. The only exception to this is London for which the measure is that of Greater London. See English cities by population for further discussion.
Rankings by year.
1901
1921
1951
1971
1981
1991

</doc>
<doc id="18513344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513344" title="Tsugaru Nobuhisa">
Tsugaru Nobuhisa

Biography.
Tsugaru Nobuhisa was the eldest son of Tsugaru Nobumasa, 4th "daimyō" of Hirosaki Domain. His childhood name was Takechiyo, and his original adult name was Tsugaru Nobushige. On his accession to the lordship at the age of 43, he proclaimed seven days of mourning for his father’s death, followed by elaborate ceremonies enshrining his father at the Shinto shrine of Takateru Jinja in Hirosaki. Nobuhisa was a noted swordsman, having studied under the "Onoha-ittoryu" School while residing in Edo. He also studied Japanese calligraphy and Japanese painting under masters of the Kanō school as well. After his return to Hirosaki, in addition to continuing development of new paddy fields and irrigation works as started by his father and grandfather, he also commissioned art works and a history of the Tsugaru clan. He also successfully prosecuted a boundary dispute with the Tsugaru clan’s arch-rivals, the Nanbu clan of Morioka Domain, with the Tokugawa Shogunate ruling completely in the Tsugaru clan’s favor. This issue would resurface again in 107 years with the attempt in 1821 by Nanbu samurai to assassinate the Tsugaru "daimyō".
However, against this background, Hirosaki Domain had serious financial issues. Inclement weather and repeated eruptions of Mount Iwaki resulted in repeated crop failures. The Domain cut the stipends for its retainers and raised taxes repeatedly to unsustainable levels, imposed stringent sumptuary laws, and finally was forced to send many of its lower level retainers away. On the other hand, Nobuhisa surrounded himself with sycophants at his Edo residence and continued to live a life of profligate luxury. Word of this reached the ears of Shogun Tokugawa Yoshimune, and influenced the sections of the Kyōhō Reforms emphasizing the need for frugality. 
On May 16, 1731, Nobuhisa retired in favor of his grandson Nobuaki, then aged 13, and continued to rule behind-the-scenes. However, Nobuaki died in 1744, and Nobuhisa arranged to have his great-grandson Nobuyasu (age 6) appointed daimyō. Nobuhisa continued to rule behind-the-scenes until his death on March 10, 1746. Nobuhisa had 5 sons and 6 daughters. His grave is at the clan temple of Juyo-in in Taitō-ku, Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="18513353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513353" title="Red Arrows (disambiguation)">
Red Arrows (disambiguation)

The Red Arrows is the aerobatics display team of the Royal Air Force.
Red Arrows may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18513354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513354" title="Kim Ho-Jun">
Kim Ho-Jun

Kim Ho-Jun (born 21 June 1984) is a South Korean football player who plays for Jeju United.
His first game was a match against Daejeon Citizen in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18513355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513355" title="Aphidiinae">
Aphidiinae

The Aphidiinae are a subfamily of parasitoid wasps that use aphids as their host. While the larva of the 2–3 mm long "Praon" leaves the hollowed shell of the aphid from below to pupate in a volcano-like cocoon, most other Aphidiinae pupate inside the dead aphid.
Several species have been used in biological control programs of aphids.
Systematics.
Although they have often been treated as a separate family, the Aphidiidae, the Aphidiinae are a lineage within the Braconidae. It is not yet clear to which braconid subfamilies they are most closely related.
The Aphidiinae are subdivided into several tribes, the Ephedrini, Praini and Aphodiini, with the latter subdivided into three subtribes. Most species reside in the Aphodiini. The Praini's loss of internal pupation is likely to be secondary.
Genera.
Ephedrini
Praini
Trioxini
Aphidiini

</doc>
<doc id="18513373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513373" title="Buffalo, Alberta">
Buffalo, Alberta

Buffalo is a ghost town in Alberta, Canada. It is located on Highway 555, between Bindloss and Jenner, south of the Red Deer River, at an elevation of .
The community is located in census division No. 4 and in the federal riding of Medicine Hat. It is administered by Special Area No. 2.
Demographics.
Statistics Canada has not recently published a population for Buffalo. 
However, Industry Canada shows that Buffalo's greater rural area had a total population of 610 living in 208 dwellings in 2001. With a land area of , its greater rural area has a population density of .

</doc>
<doc id="18513381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513381" title="Tsugaru Nobuaki">
Tsugaru Nobuaki

Biography.
Tsugaru Nobuaki was born as the eldest son of Tsugaru Nobuoki, the eldest son and heir of Tsugaru Nobuhisa, 5th daimyō of Hirosaki Domain. His father died in 1730, and when Nobuhisa retired in 1731, he appointed his grandson Nobuaki as his successor. Nobuaki was still in his minority, so all power remained in the hands of Nobuhisa.
During his reign, Tsugaru domain was plagued with one natural disaster after another, with flooding followed by drought, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions (by Mount Iwaki and other volcanoes in Hokkaidō), inclement weather, and repeated crop failures, which led to widespread famine and disease. The Tokugawa shogunate itself was in financial crisis, resulting in the implementation of the Kyōhō Reforms by Shogun Tokugawa Yoshimune, and not in a position to extend aid. Nobuaki continuing developing new paddy fields and irrigation works, and encouraged research of "rangaku" to help resolve the domain’s problems and ever-increasing debt. However, almost as a final straw, the castle town of Hirosaki burned down in a great fire on May 11, 1746 and Nobuaki died two weeks later of sickness, at age 26.
The retired daimyō, Nobuhisa, and continued to exert influence behind-the-scenes from the clan's residence in Edo, and when Nobuaki died in 1744, Nobuhisa arranged to have Nabuaki's selder son, Nobuyasu (age 6), appointed daimyō. Nobuhisa acted as regent until his death on March 10, 1746.
Nobuaki's grave is at the temple of Juyo-in in Taitō-ku, Tokyo as well as the Tsugaru clan temple of Chōshō-ji in Hirosaki.

</doc>
<doc id="18513383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513383" title="Hugh Haggerty">
Hugh Haggerty

Hugh Haggerty (Jan. 1, 1905 – June 1941) was an American boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and died in Etna, Pa at age 36.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the welterweight class after losing his fight on points to the bronze medalist Douglas Lewis.

</doc>
<doc id="18513395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513395" title="Arūnas Klimavičius">
Arūnas Klimavičius

Arūnas Klimavičius (born 5 October 1982 in Panevėžys) is a Lithuanian footballer who plays for FC Zhetysu in the Kazakhstan Premier League.
Career.
On the 17th of February, it was revealed on the Hearts website that he was having a trial with the Scottish Premier League side. On 8 December 2009 the 27 year old Lithuanian defender has signed a two year deal with Sibir.
In 2011 he signed for Kazakhstani side FC Zhetysu.
International career.
Klimavičius played 8 games at UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying.
Personal life.
He is the son of Albertas Klimavičius and the brother of Linas Klimavičius.
Honours.
National Team

</doc>
<doc id="18513407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513407" title="Henley by-election, 1917">
Henley by-election, 1917

The Henley by-election of 1917 was a by-election in Henley caused by the death of Major Valentine Fleming during World War I. The Conservative Party candidate Robert Hermon-Hodge won the subsequent by-election.

</doc>
<doc id="18513409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513409" title="King Arthur's Hall">
King Arthur's Hall

King Arthur's Hall is a megalithic monument on Bodmin Moor in Cornwall, England, UK. It is thought to be a late Neolithic or early Bronze Age ceremonial site.
Description.
The monument consists of fifty-six stones arranged in a rectangle with a bank of earth around them and measures approximately 20m by 47m. The interior fills with water and a contemporary ground level has not been established. It has suffered damage by cattle in the past and is now protected by a gated fence. It can be reached by footpaths east of St Breward.
Origin and use.
In the absence of any archaeological finds, its origin and use is only speculative. A similar enclosure exists in Brittany which was a Bronze Age cremation site, but a similar rampart construction at Lough Gur in Ireland suggests an earlier Neolithic date. It has even been suggested that it was merely a cattle pound, but the effort required to build the bank and to erect the slabs suggests that it had a more important function.
The surrounding area contains many stone circles, hut circles, cairns and cists.

</doc>
<doc id="18513414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513414" title="Tsugaru Nobuyasu">
Tsugaru Nobuyasu

Biography.
Tsugaru Nobuyasu was born as the eldest son of Tsugaru Nobuaki, the 6th daimyō of Hirosaki Domain. His father died when Nobuyasu was only four years old, all power remained in the hands of the senior clan retainers until he came of age.
Nobuyasu inherited a domain stricken by extensive famine caused by repeated natural disasters, with earthquakes and volcanic eruptions by Mount Iwaki, inclement weather, and repeated crop failures. The domain was 350,000 gold ryō in debt, and Nobuyasu’s senior retainers were corrupt and contributed to the domain’s problems. It was discovered that three senior retainers had conspired with merchants in Edo to sell of all of the domain’s rice reserves for their personal profit, leaving the domain helpless in face of the Great Tenmei Famine of 1781, during which time thousands of people within the domain starved to death. Beset by problems on all sides, Nobuyasu died suddenly in 1784, leaving the domain and its problems to his only son, Nobuakira.
Nobuyasu had one son and three daughters. His grave is at the clan temple of Juyo-in in Taitō-ku, Tokyo as well as the Tsugaru clan temple of Chōshō-ji in Hirosaki.

</doc>
<doc id="18513432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513432" title="Alfredo Santoro">
Alfredo Santoro

Alfredo Santoro (born November 6, 1906, date of death unknown) was an Argentine boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the welterweight class after losing his fight to Teodor Stauffer.

</doc>
<doc id="18513456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513456" title="Tsugaru Nobuakira">
Tsugaru Nobuakira

Biography.
Tsugaru Nobuyasu was the eldest son of Tsugaru Nobuyasu, 7th "daimyō" of Hirosaki Domain. He inherited a domain stricken by extensive famine caused by repeated natural disasters and mismanagement. Domain records indicate that 130,000 peasants perished during the Great Tenmei Famine alone, while corrupt senior officials during his father’s reign had been selling of all of the domain’s rice reserves for their personal profit to merchants in Edo. Nobuyasu was noted for his intelligence and learning at an early age, and soon took steps to restore the domain’s finances, promote new industries and the development of new crops, and to reign in the worst excesses of his senior retainers. One of his reforms was to implement a new land survey, the first in over 200 years in the domain, to reassess taxable income and to permit farmers to exchange exhausted lands for new farmland. These reforms sparked considerable opposition within the domain’s vested interests, and Nobuakira’s sudden and unexpected death at the age of 28 may have been by poisoning. As Nobuakira died without an heir, the next "daimyō" of Hirosaki Domain, Tsugaru Yasuchika was the son of Tsugaru Akitaka, from the clan's subsidiary holding in Kuroishi.

</doc>
<doc id="18513472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513472" title="Nishitakaya Station">
Nishitakaya Station

Layout.
2 side platforms and a station office are on ground. 2 platforms are connected by a footbridge.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18513473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513473" title="North Lemmon, North Dakota">
North Lemmon, North Dakota

North Lemmon is an unincorporated community in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. A local landowner, George B. Lemmon, is the town's namesake.
History.
The community was a station along the Milwaukee Railroad, now served by the BNSF Railway.
Geography.
North Lemmon is located at (45.946112,-102.1576533), just across the South Dakota border from the city of Lemmon, South Dakota. North Lemmon is actually an extension of Lemmon, and includes all of the community that lies in North Dakota. North Lemmon was part of North Lemmon Township, until the township dissolved in 1999. North Lemmon is now included in the Census-designated East Adams Unorganized Territory.
Demographics.
The United States Census Bureau does not provide specific population or other demographic information. North Lemmon Township returned a population of 81 as of the 1990 Census, with an estimated population of 66 when the township dissolved in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18513484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513484" title="Khursa">
Khursa

Khursa () is a Palestinian village located seven kilometers south-west of Hebron. The village is in the Hebron Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 3,440 in 2007. The primary health care facilities for the village are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18513493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513493" title="Tsugaru Yasuchika">
Tsugaru Yasuchika

Biography.
Tsugaru Yasuchika was the eldest son of Tsugaru Akitaka, the 5th lord of Kurosaki, a 4000 "koku" "hatamoto" holding created for the second son of Tsugaru Nobuhira. When Tsugaru Nobuakira, the 8th "daimyō" of Tsugaru Domain died without heir, he was posthumously adopted to maintain the Tsugaru bloodline, turning the Kurosaki holding over to his own eldest son. Yasuchika implemented many of the reforms initiated by Nobuakira to restore prosperity to the disaster-prone domain, including having many of his "samurai" turn to part-time farming to maintain their revenues. 
In 1805, the Tokugawa shogunate charged Tsugaru Domain with the responsibility of maintaining the security of Ezo, an area considered loosely at the time to encompass present-day Hokkaidō, Karafuto and the southern Kurile Islands. In return, the revenues of the domain were increased from 70,000 to 100,000 "koku", and Kuroishi was raised to a full "han" status. However, the increase in revenue was far less than the expense of dispatching troops and maintaining garrisons in the wide expanses of the northern islands, and increases in local taxation led to widespread peasant revolts by 1813. Growing dissatisfaction with his rule cumulated in the Soma Daisaku Incident of 1821, an assassination attempt. In 1825, Yasuchika turned rule of the domain over to his second son and went into retirement. He died at the domain’s Edo residence in 1833.

</doc>
<doc id="18513509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513509" title="Henry Stauffer">
Henry Stauffer

Henry Stauffer was born in Ibersheim, Germany on 1724 and died November 27, 1777. He immigrated to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on September 9, 1749, and settled in Bedminster on , purchased of William Allen, June 12, 1762. The purchase of this land was recorded in the history of Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Please see below this recording.
It is said three brothers came to America, that they were potters along the River Rhine and manufactured fine china and porcelain ware in Alsace, France and Germany. In America they expected to find a superior quality of clay and came here to establish a china plant, but as the clay did not turn out as was expected they turned their attention to milling and farming. One of the brothers is said to have gone South, but where the third brother went to is not known. As has already been stated, Henry Stauffer finally settled in Bedminster Township, where he purchased his land from William Allen, the deed bearing date of June 12, 1762, for and 91 perches, for which Henry Stauffer paid the sum of œ400, 8 shillings and 8 pence "lawful money of Pennsylvania, with a rent yearly forever of one pepper corn, if the same shall be demanded." After the death of Henry Stauffer the homestead in Bedminster Township came into the possession of his son, Ulrich Stover, who was the second owner. "The deed of Henry Stover, Jacob Stover and Catharine his wife, and Ralph Stover and Catharine his wife, all of Bedminster Township, county of Bucks, state of Pennsylvania, yoeman of the one part, Ulrich Stover, sons of Henry Stover, of the same township, county and state yoeman of the other part, for and 91 perches of land in Bedminster Township for 1150 pounds of lawful money of Pennsylvania with a rent yearly forever of one pepper corn if the same shall be demanded," is dated April 28, 1786.
The History of Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
"THE HISTORY OF BUCKS COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA, CHAPTER XXXV, BEDMINSTER, 1742"
Henry Stauffer born in Germany, and married Barbara Hockman, landed at Philadelphia, September 9, 1749, and settled in Bedminster on , purchased of William Allen, June 12, 1762. [Stover_Mill|Here] he lived and died, on the farm now, or recently owned by Joseph Sine. They had five children, Ulrich, Barbara, who died young, Henry, Jacob and Ralph.
Ulrich Stover (Stauffer) born July 16, 1750, eldest son of the immigrant, married Barbara Swartz and had seven children, Elizabeth, who died young, Mary married William Fretz, Henry, Abraham, Jacob, Andrew and Joseph. He died on the Tohickon, Haycock Township, November 2, 1811, where his grandson, John Stover, now or recently, lived.
Henry Stover, second son of the immigrant, born July 9, 1754, married Elizabeth Fretz, , had children, Abraham, Catharine, Barbara, and Elizabeth, and died in Springfield near Bursonville.
Jacob, the third son, born May 13, 1757, and died April 28, 1844, married Elizabeth Swartz, and by her had one child, and nine children by a second wife. He drove his father's team, a mere lad, when pressed into the service during the Revolution, first with Sullivan's cavalry, and then with the main army, under George Washington, sometimes carrying his personal effects. He purchased the mill property on the Tohickon now known as "Myer's Roller Mill," December 27, 1784, and died there.
The most prominent members of the Stover family were Ralph, youngest son of Henry, the immigrant, and his eldest son, Abraham F. Stover. The former, born January 10, 1760, married Catharine, daughter of Abraham Funk, owned a farm on the Tohickon where the Easton road crosses that stream, and died there November 7, 1811. He was many years a Justice of the Peace, when a much more important office than now, and member of the Assembly, 1793–99, inclusive. While a member of Assembly, he had an act passed changing the name "Stauffer" to "Stover." His son Abraham F. Stover, born May 10, 1786, married Rachel Fretz, of and died 1854. He followed in his father's footsteps; was several years a [Justice of Peace and and three years a member of Assembly, [1817 - ; removed to Farquier County, Virginia, 1833, purchased a farm and died there. The late Ralph Stover, Point Pleasant, was one of his children. A Christian Stauffer settled in Bedminster about the same period, and owned a farm on there, but we do not know that he was a member of the same family.
The Stauffer/Stover family, according to tradition, had its origin in a generation of knights called Stauffacher, at Hohenstauen, in Suabia. The dynasty existed more than 130 years to 1268, when Conrad, son and heir of Conrad IVth, was taken in battle and beheaded. The family now separated, and their elegant seat has never been reclaimed, one branch finding a home in America.
History of Henry Stauffer Homestead.
The third owner was Henry Stover, son of Ulrich, but when he came into possession off and the amount he paid for it we have not been informed. Some time during either the lifetime of Ulrich or is son Henry portions of the homestead were divided or sold off, so that at the time the old homestead proper was sold there were but and 42 perches remaining, which Henry Stover and his wife Barbara sold to their son, Reuben Stover, in 1855, for $4799.44. Reuben Stover was the fourth and last Stover owner of the old homestead. In 1860 Reuben Stover and wife sold the homestead of and 22 perches to the present owner, Joseph Sine, for $5700. The house and barn were built by Henry Stover—the barn in 1808 and the house about the same time. The additions to the house and barn were built by Joseph Sine, the present owner. 
The immediate neighbors of Henry Stauffer, whose lands joined his plantation, were John Fretz, Christian Stover, Jacob Overholt and Frederick Solliday. The old family Bible of Henry Stauffer is in the possession of Aaron Stover, of Richland Centre, Pennsylvania. It contains a record of his family and also of his son Ulrich's family. It also contains some poetic descriptions that probably were composed and written by Ulrich Stover, as this and Ulrich Stover's family records seem to be the same hand writing. It reads as follows: 
The name as written in the Bible is "Stauffer," but was changed to Stover by his son, Ralph Stover, by an Act of the Legislature of Pennsylvania—presumably about the time that he (Ralph) was a member of that body. It is quite evident that Henry Stauffer and wife were members of the Mennonite church at Deep Run, where they are buried. Children: Ulrich, Barbara, Henry, Jacob, Ralph.
History of Ralph Stover State Park.
Tohickon Creek was named by the Lenape some of the first inhabitants of the area. "To-Hick-Hanne" means "Deer-Bone-Creek". Ralph Stover State Park was the site of an 18th-century gristmill that was built on Tohickon Creek by the park's namesake, Ralph Stover. Remnants of the mill and mill race can still be seen near Tohickon Creek, Pennsylvania.
The Stover family gave their land to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 1931. The recreational facilities were built during the Great Depression by the Federal Works Progress Administration created by U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt to provide work for the unemployed. Author James A. Michener donated the High Rocks area to the park in 1956. Although "High Rocks State Park" is listed in the United States Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System and the coordinates given in USGS GNIS are located here, it was never an official name according to the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources or a separate park.

</doc>
<doc id="18513517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513517" title="Bathgate railway station">
Bathgate railway station

Bathgate railway station is a railway station serving the town of Bathgate in West Lothian, Scotland. Opened on 18 October 2010, it is located close to the junction of the former Edinburgh and Bathgate Railway and the former Bathgate and Coatbridge Railway to the east of the 1986 station.
History.
In 2005, the Scottish Executive announced that the then-closed section of line between the 1989 Drumgelloch station and Bathgate would be rebuilt as a double tracked electrified railway, termed the Airdrie-Bathgate Rail Link. This resulted in the closure of the 1986 station, replaced by the present station, 34 chains (a little under half a mile) east of the former station. It will connect with the North Clyde Line at Drumgelloch to the Edinburgh to Bathgate Line at Bathgate and open up a fourth rail link between Glasgow and Edinburgh.
The station opened on 18 October 2010, replacing the 1986 station, which closed at the end of the day's service on 16 October 2010. Rail replacement bus services were provided between Bathgate and Haymarket on Sunday 17 October 2010.
Services west of Bathgate commenced on 12 December 2010, with the route being incorporated into the North Clyde Line services.
Services.
October to December 2010.
At the time of opening in 2010, there was a half-hourly service from Bathgate to Edinburgh Monday to Saturdays with an hourly service on Sundays.
Winter 2010/10 (Interim timetable from 12 December 2010).
As a result of delays with commissioning of the Class 380 trains, insufficient Class 334 trains for the full service have been available for the introduction of the intended timetable from 12 December 2010. Due to inclement weather some intermediate stations to Airdrie are provided with bus services whilst final works are completed.
Winter 2010/11 (Full service).
Following the opening of the line between Airdrie and Bathgate, the service is combined with Edinburgh to Bathgate service, the complete service when sufficient rolling stock is available is:

</doc>
<doc id="18513518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513518" title="Georges Doussot">
Georges Doussot

Georges Doussot (born October 16, 1901, date of death unknown) was a French boxer. He competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924, Doussot was eliminated in the first round of the welterweight class after losing his fight to Al Mello.

</doc>
<doc id="18513521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513521" title="USS Sarsi (ATF-111)">
USS Sarsi (ATF-111)

USS "Sarsi" (AT-111/ATF-111) was an "Abnaki"-class fleet ocean tug commissioned in California in 1943. She served during World War II in North Pacific waters, and during the Korean War, she performed her towing services until she was sunk during Typhoon Karen in 1952 by a drifting naval mine off the coast of Korea.
Constructed in California.
"Sarsi" (AT-111) was laid down on 25 January 1943 by the United Engineering and Dry Dock Co., Alameda, California; launched on 12 June 1943; sponsored by Mrs. Robert E. Christy; redesignated "ATF-111" on 15 May 1944; and commissioned on 24 June 1944, Lt. H. J. Perry, Jr., USNR, in command.
World War II service.
Following shakedown training off southern California, "Sarsi" headed north to assume fleet tug duties in the 17th Naval District, headquartered at Kodiak (temporarily Adak) Alaska. 
She arrived in the Aleutians on 19 August and, by the end of World War II, had completed 45 jobs in the Aleutians and, on four occasions, had supported units of the North Pacific Task Forces engaged in raids against the Kuriles and enemy shipping north of Hokkaido. During the latter, no casualties were inflicted on the ships of the attack forces.
In carrying out her varied missions-salvage, towing, personnel and cargo lifts-in the Aleutian chain, the tug operated from Unalaska, Kodiak, Umnak, Seguam, Adak, Tanaga, Amatignak, Amchitka, Shemya, and Attu.
Post-war service.
After the war, she remained on active duty and continued to provide tug and transportation services to ships and bases in the Aleutians. In the spring of 1947, she returned to southern California and commenced operations out of San Diego, California, which took her south along the west coast to Panama; west to the Hawaiian, Marshall, and Mariana Islands; and, five years later, north, back to the Aleutians. By that time, however, war had returned to the Pacific; and the United States was involved in the United Nations effort in Korea.
Korean War service.
On 24 March 1952, "Sarsi", commanded by Lt. W. M. Howard, departed San Diego, California, and sailed west. On 18 April, she arrived at Sasebo, Japan. On the 20th, she took on ammunition; and, a week later, she continued on toward the embattled Korean peninsula. At the end of the month, she moored on the east side of Yodp, in the approaches to Wonsan harbor; and, as a unit of Task Group 92.2, the east coast Blockade and Escort Force, she performed towing, salvage, patrol, escort, buoy tender, and transportation duties. 
On 19 May, she returned to Sasebo, whence she completed one rescue mission and several towing assignments to southeastern Korean and Japanese ports. In late June, she operated off the west coast of Korea. In July, she again operated between southeastern Korea and Kyūshū; and, on 19 August, she returned to the Wonsan area and resumed her varied duties there.
Sunk in Typhoon Karen.
On the 20th, typhoon “Karen” hit the coast. For the next week, "Sarsi" towed various vessels; carried light cargo and personnel; relocated buoys and conducted nighttime, close-inshore anti-mining and anti-junk patrols. 
On the afternoon of the 27th, she refueled from "Cimarron"; and, at 1847, moved north to patrol along the edge of the mineswept waters between Wonsan and Hungnam. At 2200, all unnecessary lights were extinguished. She reached Hungnam without incident; but, as she turned to return to Wonsan, a drifting mine, probably cut loose by the typhoon, exploded against her hull. Damage control efforts proved futile, and "Sarsi" sank in twenty minutes.
Four men were killed. The remainder, including four wounded, spent the night in, or clinging to, life rafts, life preservers, and the ship's whale boat. The whale boat, kept pointed out to sea with lines to the rafts, prevented drifting onto the enemy held shore. Rescue ships – destroyer "Boyd", and minesweepers "Zeal" and "Competent" -- arrived in the morning; and carried the survivors to friendly territory for medical treatment and reassignment.
Honors and awards.
"Sarsi" earned two campaign stars for her service during the Korean War.

</doc>
<doc id="18513529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513529" title="Tsugaru Nobuyuki">
Tsugaru Nobuyuki

Biography.
Tsugaru Nobuyuki was the younger son of Tsugaru Yasuchika, the 9th "daimyō" of Hirosaki Domain. His elder brother inherited Kuroishi Domain, which was elevated from a 4000 "koku" "hatamoto" holding into a full "han" during the administration of his father Yasuchika. 
Yasuchika initially attempted to continue implementation many of the reforms initiated by Tsugaru Nobuakira to restore prosperity to the disaster-prone domain, but faced stubborn opposition due top vested interests and extensive corruption issues with his retainers. However, Yasuchika enjoyed good relations with the Tokugawa shogunate and was successful in arranging an extremely favorable marriage for Nobuyuki to a daughter from the Konoe clan, of the Kyoto court nobility. He also arranged two daughters of Tokugawa Narimasa, head of the Tayasu-branch of the Tokugawa clan as his son’s concubines. These marital arrangements resulted in his promotion to the courtesy title of chamberlain. However, the financial outlay to the Court and to the Shogunate in exchange for these marriages was tremendous, and the domain’s finances were again plunged into bankruptcy. Increasing taxation and peasant uprisings cumulated in an attempted assassination in 1821 by retainers of the Tsugaru clan's arch-rivals, the Nambu clan of Morioka Domain, and in 1825 Yasuchika retired, nominally turned the reign over to Nobuyuki.
However, with his father Yasuchika continuing to rule behind-the-scenes from the clan's Edo residence, and lacking a personal power base or the respect of his senior retainers, Nobuyuki was reduced to an ineffectual figurehead, and was derided as the of Tsugaru. Rumors were spread of his lack of mental acuity, drunkenness, inappropriate behavior and lasciviousness during "sankin kotai" journeys to Edo, and he was forced into retirement in 1839.
The domain was turned over to an outsider, the 7th son of Matsudaira Nobuakira, lord of Yoshida Domain in Mikawa Province and a "Rōjū", who was adopted into the Tsugaru clan as Tsugaru Yukitsugu.

</doc>
<doc id="18513532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513532" title="Saijō Station">
Saijō Station

Layout.
One side platform, one island platform and a station office are on ground. Two platforms are connected by a footbridge.

</doc>
<doc id="18513551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513551" title="Carlo Francesco Pollarolo">
Carlo Francesco Pollarolo

Carlo Francesco Pollarolo (ca. 1653 – 7 February 1723) was an Italian composer, chiefly of operas. Born into a musical family, he became the cathedral organist of his home town of Brescia. In the 1680s he began composing operas for performance in nearby Venice. He wrote a total of 85 of them as well as 13 oratorios. His operatic style is noted for its development of arias accompanied by the orchestra and it shows some influence from the contemporary French opera of Jean-Baptiste Lully.

</doc>
<doc id="18513553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513553" title="Dixonville, Alberta">
Dixonville, Alberta

Dixonville is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada within the County of Northern Lights. It is located along the Mackenzie Highway (Highway 35), approximately north of Grimshaw. It has an elevation of .
The hamlet is located in census division No. 17 and in the federal riding of Peace River.
Demographics.
As a designated place in the 2011 Census, Dixonville had a population of 104 living in 39 of its 46 total dwellings, a -14% change from its 2006 population of 121. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.
As of 2006, Dixonville had a total population of 121 living in 45 dwellings. With a land area of , it has a population density of .

</doc>
<doc id="18513562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513562" title="Boulting v Association of Cinematograph, Television and Allied Technicians">
Boulting v Association of Cinematograph, Television and Allied Technicians

Boulting v Association of Cinematograph, Television and Allied Technicians 2 QB 606 is a UK labour law and UK company law case from the Court of Appeal. It covers the issue of what it means to act in the best interests of the company, relevant under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006.
Facts.
Two managing directors of a film company applied for a declaration that while they were performing 'management functions' (e.g. producing and directing) they were not eligible for membership of the trade union (the ACTAT). Until 1950 they had been union members, but then they tore up their cards and paid no further subscriptions. In 1959 the union claimed that they needed to pay up to date for their membership fees, and said they must be members of the union.
At this time, like many unions, there was a closed shop agreement. Rule 7 of the union's rules said that "The association shall consist of all employees engaged on the technical side of film production... including film directors." They also wanted an injunction restraining the union from making them join.
Judgment.
A majority Court of Appeal held that there was no principle which prevented every employee from becoming union members. Lord Justices Upjohn and Diplock held, firstly, there was nothing "ultra vires" about rule 7. Secondly, the fiduciary rule that one should not put oneself in a position of conflict of interest was aimed to protect the principal (in this case the company the managing directors worked for) not the agent (the managing directors). So they could not rely on this argument as a way to shield themselves. And thirdly, there was no conflict of interest anyway between being a union member and a manager. However, they said a court is entitled to grant an injunction against a trade union to prevent an injury which is not "alleged to have been committed" notwithstanding the Trade Disputes Act 1906 s.4(1).
Lord Denning MR dissented. He argued that the word "employee" in rule 7 did not include managers. Even if it did, it would be unlawful to force managers to become union members unless provision was made for possible conflicts of interest.

</doc>
<doc id="18513566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513566" title="Imreish">
Imreish

Imreish () is a Palestinian village located eleven kilometers south-west of Hebron. The village is in the Hebron Governorate in the southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 1,665 in 2007. The primary health care facilities for the village are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18513567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513567" title="Pong Lang Sa On">
Pong Lang Sa On

Pong Lang Sa On () is a band from Thailand, founded in 2005. Their career was helped by winning a talent contest on TV in Thailand.
Their style of music can be referred to as folk music from Thailand, with a strong influence of pop and rock.
On stage, the musicians perform together with no less than ten dancers. These dancers are also specialists, in folk dance from Thailand. The front man, goes by the name Eed. Next to him, when he performs on stage, are two humorous ladies, referred to as "La-la" and "Lu-lu". 
Biography
Pong Lang Sa On is a band group from "Isaan", Northern East region of Thailand, founded in 2005. Their career was started when they won a talent contest on TV. Their style of music is based on folk music, with a strong influence of pop and rock. They toured in the U.S.A and staged tour events in Europe in August, 2008.
Pong Land Sa On is performing on stage rather than holding a live event. The stage is like a comedy show with traditional music goes along. Dancing, singing, performing and live comedy talking show opened their careers. Now, they are the leading group of “comedian’s” band group. 

</doc>
<doc id="18513571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513571" title="Deerbrook Mall">
Deerbrook Mall

Deerbrook Mall is a 1.2 mil. square foot mall located in the northern Houston suburb of Humble. It is at the major intersection of US 59 and FM 1960, near George Bush Intercontinental Airport. Deerbrook Mall is classified as a super-regional mall and is the only mall (for now) in suburban Northeast Houston, Main attractions include Macy's, Palais Royal, Sears, Barnes & Noble, JCPenney, Dillard's, and AMC 24 Theatres. The "Silver Screen" food court located in the heart of the mall includes Great American Cookie Factory, Great American Steak, Chick-fil-A, McDonalds, Roman Delight Pizza, Famous Wok, Ninfa's Express, Cinnabon, Dippin Dots, and more. This food court also contains a Verizon Wireless carrier, and more stores. Deerbrook, for the most part, serves the communities of Humble, Kingwood, Atascocita, Porter, and Crosby. But due to its location, also has a customer base that backs up as far as the Aldine and Greenspoint areas.
The mall is in the middle of Humble's entertainment complex which includes restaurants, other shopping outlets, movie theaters, as well as communities which creates for heavy traffic and congestion during traffic rush hour and weekend rushes. Deerbrook is owned by General Growth Properties in Chicago, IL.
Anchor stores.
Deerbrook mall contains 4 major anchors and 3 minor anchors:
Anchors
Junior Anchors
Former Anchors

</doc>
<doc id="18513573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513573" title="Irina Lachina">
Irina Lachina

Latchina, Irina Olegovna (, born August 29, 1972, in Beltsy, Moldova, USSR) is a Moldovan-Russian actress, the daughter of Svetlana Toma.

</doc>
<doc id="18513604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513604" title="Avoca Lodge">
Avoca Lodge

Avoca Lodge, known as The Molly Brown Summer House, is a Registered Historic Place in southwest Denver, Colorado near Bear Creek. The home served as a summer retreat for philanthropist, socialite, and activist Margaret Brown and her husband James Joseph Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="18513614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513614" title="Margalla Electronics">
Margalla Electronics

Margalla Electronics is an electronics defence company located at Margalla Hills in Islamabad, Pakistan. This company is involved in research and development for electronic equipment for Pakistan armed forces. ME was founded and established by noted Pakistan nuclear Scientist dr. Samar Mubarakmand in 1984. ME is nation's one of the main electronic parts and technology provider. Margalla Electronics is a subsidiary of NESCOM. ME also actively supports other strategic sectors such as defense (Kahuta Research Laboratories (KRL)), space (SUPARCO),civil aviation, information and broadcasting, telecommunications, insurance, banking, police, and para-military Forces, oil and gas, power, space education, health, agriculture, steel and coal.
Description.
Margalla Electronics (ME) was created in 1984 as a self-reliance project under the Defence Production Division to support the Defence Services in the field of electronics. The support includes: 

</doc>
<doc id="18513619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513619" title="List of awards and nominations received by Curb Your Enthusiasm">
List of awards and nominations received by Curb Your Enthusiasm

"Curb Your Enthusiasm" has won many awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18513629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513629" title="Diglis Basin">
Diglis Basin

Diglis Basin is a canal basin on the Worcester and Birmingham Canal. It is situated in Diglis in the centre of Worcester, England, near The Commandery (a command post during the English Civil War).
To the north is Tibberton (8.41 miles and 14 locks away) and to the west is Diglis Junction (0.25 miles and 2 locks to the west) where the canal meets the River Severn. It is the first basin (with associated amenities) reached after joining the canal from the River Severn.
Facilities available.
With its central position in Worcester, Diglis Basin is very convenient for shops and leisure facilities in the centre of the city. It also has the following facilities of its own:

</doc>
<doc id="18513635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513635" title="Finnish radio intelligence">
Finnish radio intelligence

The Finnish Radio Intelligence was founded in 1927 by Reino Hallamaa. He quickly managed to build up an efficient organization Through international exchange, and during World War II, the radio intelligence proved very successful in breaking the codes and ciphers used by the Soviet Union, as well as other countries. At the beginning of the Winter War the organization employed some 75 persons, by the end of World War II it had a strength of over 1,000.
The Finnish Air Force had its own radio intelligence unit, which focused on intercepting and deciphering Soviet Air Force radio messages. Its strength was about 300.
At the end of World War II, the organization staged the Operation Stella Polaris, in order to evacuate intelligence personnel and material to neutral Sweden in case of a Soviet invasion.
After the wars many former officers signed up with foreign intelligence units in order to escape the communist infiltrated secret police Valpo, who wanted to investigate and arrest them.
Today the signals intelligence is handled by Viestikoelaitos in Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="18513655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513655" title="Sherman Falls">
Sherman Falls

Sherman Falls is a 17 metre high curtain waterfall found in Ancaster Heights, the western end of Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. The watercourse is Ancaster Creek. Alternative names for the Sherman Falls include; "Smith's Falls" and "Whitton Falls."
Nearby attractions include the Old Mill Restaurant, Dundas Valley Conservation Area, Tiffany Falls Conservation Area, the Bruce Trail, Iroquoia Heights Conservation Area, Hermitage ruins, Griffin House, Fieldcote Museum. There's also a convenience store, restaurant and retail stores nearby.
Directions.
You can enter Sherman Falls at "Upper Lions Club Road" at "Old Dundas Road". Walk up the East side of Ancaster Creek to Sherman Falls. This waterfall is just steps away from the Bruce Trail of the Dundas Valley.
External links.
Maps.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18513660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513660" title="Egon Schiele – Exzess und Bestrafung">
Egon Schiele – Exzess und Bestrafung

Egon Schiele – Exzess und Bestrafung, also known as "Egon Schiele – Excess and Punishment" (English) and "Egon Schiele, enfer et passion" (French) is a 1980 film based on the life of the Austrian artist Egon Schiele. It stars Mathieu Carriere as Schiele with Jane Birkin as his artist muse Walburga (Wally) Neuzil and Christine Kaufman as his wife Edith and Christina Van Eyck as her sister. The film is essentially a depiction of obsession and its constituents of sex, alcohol and uncontrolled emotions. Set in Austria during the Great War, Schiele is depicted as the agent of social change leading to destruction of those he loves and ultimately of himself.
The film is an international co-production with actors of German, French, Dutch and English origin. It was directed by Herbert Vesely and produced by Dieter Geissler and Robert Hess. The cinematography is by Rudolf Blahacek and the haunting music is by Brian Eno. The film was selected as the Austrian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Plot.
The final years of the short life of Egon Schiele, the Austrian expressionist painter are chronicled against the backdrop of the final years of the Habsburg rule. The story begins around 1912 as Schiele (Mathieu Carriere) and his mistress and artistic muse Wally (Jane Birkin) are befriended by an obsessed teenage girl (Nina Fallenstein) who has run away to be with Schiele. Subsequently Schiele is imprisoned on the grounds that he has behaved in a sexually improper way towards the young woman.The young woman falsely accuses Schiele and although he denies the charge he is imprisoned. The girl withdraws her accusations but Schiele is requested to leave the area as he has offended the social mores of the conservative society in which he was living. Those offended include his mother (Angelika Hauff) who rails against his lax morals.
On his release his excesses continue although he fights (literally) to conform even volunteering to serve in the Austrian army in World War I. As a soldier Schiele cuts a pathetic figure and he is quickly removed as unsuitable. He disposes of his alcoholic mistress and has an affair with a society beauty who ultimately abandons him as she can not cope with his sexual obsessions. Schiele's emotional cruelty is exposed as he shuns Wally as she nears death.Their parting scene at a Vienna social gathering reveals a corruption and cruelty that is at the heart of Schiele's artistic soul. 
Schiele's paintings however develop greater depths as he pushes his body and emotions to their limit. Whilst his paintings are gaining acceptance (and many now hang in the Leopold Museum in Vienna) his own sanity suffers. He marries and appears to find a modicum of contentment until his wife Edith (Christine Kaufman) dies in the 1918 Spanish Influenza pandemic. Schiele makes love to his dying wife in a scene that is tender yet shocking, evoking a central theme of Schiele's work: a link between sex and death. Shortly thereafter Schiele himself contracts influenza and dies. 
The locations for the film were Vienna and in the Croatian capital Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="18513676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513676" title="Shiraichi Station">
Shiraichi Station

Layout.
1 side platform, 1 island platform and a station office are on ground. 2 platforms are connected by a footbridge.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18513683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513683" title="Jens Petter Ekornes">
Jens Petter Ekornes

Jens Petter Ekornes (2 January 1942 – 22 June 2008) was a Norwegian businessperson, known as CEO of Ekornes.
He was born in Ørsta as a son of Sigurd Ekornes (1906–) and Margit Helene Pedersen (1912–1983). In August 1963 he married saleswoman Kari Blakstad. His uncle Jens E. Ekornes founded the Ekornes furniture factory and company in Sykkylven. Jens Petter Ekornes started his career at the Ekornes factory as a laborer, and took education in Oslo. He rose in the hierarchy to become chief executive, except for a period between 1987 and 1990 when he tried to start ventures of his own in Ålesund.
Ekornes was a member of the central board of the Conservative Party until 2006. He served in Møre og Romsdal county council from 1999 to 2003 and was a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Møre og Romsdal during the term 2001–2005. He has also been a board member of the Regional Development Fund.
He was decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav in 2005, but wanted to share the honor with every one of his employees. He died in June 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18513690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513690" title="Maseedupuram">
Maseedupuram

Maseedupuram is an agricultural village located near Nandyala in Andhra Pradesh, a southern state of India.
Maseedupuram is totally dependent on rain for agriculture. Nowadays the cause is unknown, whether of globalization or mobile revolution in India, this village is changing in getting education to children and the fact that due to recent modernization of sewage to main street of the village and donation of land by land lords like Chittepu's family to the poorest, the children of the poorest are getting education in churches and initiatives taken by Grama Panchayat head master and teachers in the school.
Due to the lack of transportation and ignorance of the Andhra Pradesh Government, though this village is just 9 kilometers from the nearby town of Nandyala, it takes more than one hour to reach town. Because of the lack of security, there is a lot of theft and due to no hospital surrounding areas, the fatality rate is very high, mostly among pregnant women.
Because rains are moderate in Andhra Pradesh, nowadays people of this village are able to harvest paddy, maize and other grains very easily for one crop in a year.

</doc>
<doc id="18513693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513693" title="Jack De Garis">
Jack De Garis

Clement John ("Jack") De Garis (22 November 188417 August 1926) was an Australian entrepreneur and aviator, noted for his colourful marketing style and work in the dried fruits industries in the Sunraysia area around Mildura in the 1920s.
Early years.
Jack De Garis was the son of Elizee De Garis a noted irrigationist and the younger brother of Mary De Garis, a Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery who served as a Chief Medical Officer of a field hospital in Serbia during World War I. Jack went to Mildura State School where he was described as an above average student. However, he left at the age of nine to work in his father's businesses in Mildura. He returned to school for his secondary education at his father's urging, boarding at Wesley College, Melbourne from 1899 to 1901 where he rose to become dux of his class.
Described as being short in stature, he capitalised on an affectionate smile and a magnetic personality. Nevertheless, he excelled in school cricket and football where his lack of height of and weight of confounded coaches and opposition players.
Career.
De Garis' father, Elizee De Garis, had established a successful market garden business in Mildura from about 1885. In 1908 the day-to-day business was left to Jack, and Elisha moved to Melbourne establish a selling agency for the business. Jack was just 17, but had a strong self-belief and effervescent charm. Theatrical entrepreneur Claude Kingston described him as the 'prince of ballyhoo'.
He expanded the business rapidly, in 1910 borrowing heavily to establish a packing shed Sarnia Packing Pty Ltd, which later became part of Sunbeam Foods Group. In 1913 he borrowed again to purchase the Pyap Village Estate at Pyap, near Loxton in South Australia. The estate was moderately successful as a farm produce settlement for several years until about 1921 when it was broken up and sold to fund the Kendenup venture. £23,000 was raised from the sale.
In 1919, a shortage of shipping space hit the dried fruits industry which was at this time, highly dependent on British markets. Knowing of his ability to market, the Australian Dried Fruits Association funded him to undertake an Australia-wide American-style publicity campaign to increase domestic consumption. De Garis also expanded into book publishing as well as producing the "Sunraysia Daily" newspaper in Mildura which employed nearly 100 staff.
Also in 1919, an American con-man named George Henry Cochrane emerged in Mildura. Cochrane wrote for "The Bulletin" as Grant Hervey and had recently been released from prison for forgery and uttering. Cochrane presented himself to two thousand Mildura citizens, selling the idea that the town should secede from Victoria. He started receiving the ₤5 subscriptions before De Garis exposed his true identity and criminal record.
As part of his dried fruits marketing he travelled to Western Australia where in 1920 he purchased the property of the Hassell family at Kendenup for the purpose of building a new settlement to grow apples, potatoes and farm produce. De Garis subdivided the land into blocks ranging from to . He set up companies, the De Garis Kendenup (W.A.) Development Company and the Kendenup Fruit Packing Company which ran a dehydrating factory to process vegetables and fruit grown by the 350 settlers which he had encouraged into the area. In December 1921, De Garis was living there himself and the enterprise was underway — a townsite was established. However, the settlement had insufficient capital and eventually foundered, also because of the uneconomical small lot sizes allocated. De Garis travelled to the United States to raise urgently needed capital which was promised but did not eventuate. After two years only 30 settlers remained.
The collapse of the settlement was the subject of a 1923 Western Australian Royal Commission into Kendenup land schemes in which fraud had been alleged. He was later exonerated of the charges.
Artistic Endeavours.
As part of his publicity campaign for the Australian Dried Fruits Association, De Garis engaged the services of popular composer Reginald Stoneham to put tunes to promotional lyrics he had written. The resulting "Sun-Raysed Waltz" was published as sheet music. This collaboration must have enthused De Garis, as he and Stoneham then worked on an ambitious "mystery" musical comedy "F.F.F.", which had a short but successful season for Hugh D. McIntosh's Tivoli theatres in Adelaide, Perth and Melbourne in late 1920.
Aviation.
De Garis described himself as an aviator, however the reality was that he owned several aeroplanes and employed pilots and navigators to ferry him between Australian cities and his business interests. Nevertheless, in an era of pioneer aviation, his frequent involvement was considered relatively dangerous and at one stage he was asked by investors to refrain from use of aeroplanes for transport.
With his pilots, he set several interstate flying records.
His first plane was a Boulton Paul P.9 which he acquired in June 1920 and was flown by pilot Lieutenant A.L. Lang. (AFC). Later in 1920 he purchased a Sopwith Gnu for £1,800 after the P.9 had crashed; employing Lieutenant F.S. Triggs as his permanent pilot. He then also purchased an Airco DH.4.
His first major interstate flight was in the DH.4 from Melbourne to Perth, a distance of , landing at Belmont Park Racecourse on 2 December 1920 after 19 hours 10 minutes. One stretch of was done in 8¾ hours. The mechanic was Sergeant Stoward and the flight was the first to cross Australia from east to west. The three aviators were given a mayoral reception on their arrival in Perth.
A few weeks later on 14 December they flew from Perth to Sydney, a distance of in a time of 21½ hours.
Other notable flights were from Mildura to Sydney (5½ hours) to Brisbane (4 hours 50 minutes) in January 1921. On 16 January they attempted a one-day flight from Brisbane to Melbourne, achieving it between 6:15 am and 7:20 pm with a flying time of 10½ hours. Stopovers were made in Grafton, Sydney and Cootamundra.
Decline.
The Kendenup collapse coincided with a number of other financial failures within his empire. With mounting debts, he faked his own suicide by drowning in Port Phillip on 5 January 1925, having written almost seventy farewell letters. He became the subject of an eight-day nationwide search, and was apprehended the following week after arriving in Auckland, New Zealand, on the SS Maheno. On 17 August 1926, with debts of £420,000, De Garis committed suicide by gassing himself at his Mornington home.
Shortly before he died, an autobiographical novel "Victories of Failure: A Business Romance" (1925) was published in which he described his life and business career in great detail under the pseudonym of "K.J. Rogers".
De Garis married Rene née Corbould in September 1907 and they divorced in May 1923. The following month he married his former private secretary Violet née Austin with whom he had one daughter. De Garis is buried at Brighton Cemetery in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="18513696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513696" title="Thomas Baylies">
Thomas Baylies

Thomas Baylies (1687–1756) was a Quaker ironmaster first in England, then in Massachusetts.
Origins and family.
Thomas Baylies was the son of Nicholas Baylies of Alvechurch in north Worcestershire. On 5 June 1706, he married Esther, daughter of Thomas Seargeant of Fulford Heath, in Solihull in a Quaker ceremony at which 38 witnesses were present. They had eight children. Esther's sister Mary married Abraham Darby I.
Coalbrookdale.
By 1714, Baylies had joined his brother-in-law, Abraham Darby, at his Coalbrookdale ironworks, becoming a partner with him and John Chamberlain. Together they built a second blast furnace at Coalbrookdale and secured the rights to build a furnace at Dolgûn near Dolgellau and taking over Vale Royal Furnace in 1718. However, Darby died in July 1717, before any progress was made with either project, and the partnership was dissolved.
Vale Royal Company.
Baylies took over the Coalbrookdale Company's right to Vale Royal. Lacking sufficient capital, he formed a new partnership with Charles Cholmondeley of Vale Royal Abbey, Richard Turner of Pettywood and William Watts of Newton near Middlewich. Turner was concerned in a coal mine at Thatto Heath near St Helens and persuaded his partners to build a furnace at Sutton (there). They also built a forge at Acton Bridge and intended to (but perhaps did not) build another at Dean Mill in Haydock. Baylies moved to Marton near the works. The original capital of £5000 was doubled when the second furnace was planned. Baylies had difficulty in paying up the capital of his share, now reduced to one-sixth, because it was still tied up in the stock at Coalbrookdale. His difficulties were made worse by Mary Darby's death following soon after that of her husband. The company suffered substantial losses, forcing Cholmondeley to make an assignment of his estate for the benefit of his creditors, blaming his troubles on the obstinacy of Dick Turner.
Later activities in Great Britain.
It is not clear how long Baylies remained a partner in the Vale Royal Company; certainly he was not its clerk. In 1723, he was employed by William Wood to negotiate a lease of an iron ore mine at Frizington in Cumberland, and he may have had some involvement with his works there in 1728. However he was living in Stourbridge in 1729. Between 1730 and 1735, he may have even been concerned in the management of the Culnakyle ironworks at Abernethy of the York Buildings Company. In 1735, he became the manager of a furnace near Neath, perhaps Bryncoch Furnace, which belonged to a Quaker Company form Bristol.
Massachusetts.
In June 1737, Baylies emigrated from London to Boston, Massachusetts, with his son Nicholas and daughter Esther. The following year, he brought over his wife and his daughters Mary and Helen. He settled at Attleborough Gore (now Cumberland, Rhode Island), where he was an ironmaster under contract (of 1738) with Richard Clarke & Co. of Boston. Another son, Thomas, Jr. emigrated later, and settled in Taunton, Massachusetts, where he kept a store, and later operated an iron works there. In 1739, Nicholas moved to Uxbridge, Massachusetts to operate a forge on the Mumford River, in what is now Whitinsville.
Thomas Baylies, Sr. died at Cumberland, Rhode Island in March 1756. He was buried in the family burying ground beside the Taunton River, next to his wife Esther, who had died in 1756. A few months later in July 1756, Thomas, Jr. also died. Nicholas Baylies left Uxbridge to take over the works in Taunton later that same year. The Baylies Iron Works, as it became known, was located on the Three Mile River in west Taunton, near the Dighton town line. The business flourished under the leadership of Nicholas Baylies. He soon became a large land owner in the area. 
After the end of the American Revolution, Hodijah, youngest son of Nicholas and a distinguished veteran of the war, took over control of the iron works. During this time, among other large contracts, he made the anchor for the frigate USS Constitution in 1797. This was considered a great event in iron manufacture at the time. It required ten yoke of oxen to transport the anchor to tidewater at Dighton, to be taken on board Old Ironsides at Boston.
Hodijah continued in the iron business until 1810, when he received the appointment of judge of probate, which office he held twenty four years. He disposed of the privilege and old mills to John West in 1809, who built the paper mill on the opposite side of the river. West, who had been a merchant in Boston, was the first paper manufacturer in the Old Colony. In 1823-24, West associated with Crocker & Richmond built a cotton mill on the site of the old iron works. He continued as agent of the cotton and paper mills until the time of his death in 1827. The cotton mill was then managed by Crocker & Richmond until the time of their suspension in 1837. It later became part of Whittenton Mills, operating as Westville Spinning Mill. In 1930, a bronze plaque was placed near the spot once occupied by the Baylies Iron Works.
The Baylies family became very well known in the Taunton and Dighton area for many years, including William Baylies and Francis Baylies, who represented Massachusetts in the United States Congress during the early 1800s.
In 1923, the remains of Thomas Baylies and the first branch of the family were relocated a few miles from the Walker Blake Cemetery in south Taunton to the burial ground behind the family's church in Dighton.

</doc>
<doc id="18513712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513712" title="Ashbourne railway station">
Ashbourne railway station

Ashbourne railway station formerly served the town of Ashbourne in Derbyshire
The original station was opened in 1852 by the North Staffordshire Railway on its branch from Rocester on its Churnet Valley Line.
History.
The London and North Western Railway built the Ashbourne Line from Buxton. This utilised part of the Cromford and High Peak Railway to Parsley Hay.
The NSR extended its line to meet it in a new joint station built in 1899 and the earlier station became a goods depot. Unlike the earlier station, which had been of brick and stone, the new one was timber construction throughout, with platforms that would be decidedly slippery when wet. The station was built on a curve and shelter was provided by awnings which extended over the entrance.
From Ashbourne towards Thorpe Cloud the line climbed steeply through Ashbourne Tunnel, at 1 in 60. Southwards towards Clifton Mayfield the terrain was more gentle, following the valley of the River Dove.
After the move to a joint North Staffordshire Railway and London and North Western Railway station, the line became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948.
From 1910, Nestle had a creamery in the town, which for a period was contracted to produce Carnation condensed milk. The factory had its own private sidings connected to the station's goods yard, which allowed milk trains to access the facility, and distribute product as far south as London.
It was closed to regular traffic by the British Transport Commission and finally for excursions by the British Railways Board. Contrary to popular belief, regular passenger services ended in 1954, though excursions continued until 1963. Freight continued until October of that year when milk trains ceased, with the track finally being lifted in 1964.
The site today.
The track bed from Ashbourne to Parsley Hay was acquired by Derbyshire County Council and the Peak National Park in 1968 for a cycle and walking route. This, the Tissington Trail, was one of the first of such ventures in the country. Later, Ashbourne Tunnel was acquired by Sustrans.
The former railway station site is now a car park for Ashbourne's Leisure Centre and the site of the original station and goods yard is now occupied by the new St.Oswald's Hospital. The Grade 2-listed goods shed is still standing and is currently occupied by a steel merchant. A vestige of the station forecourt can still be seen in a wide filled-in pavement area directly opposite the Station Hotel. The course of the line as it heads southwards towards Uttoxeter has been partly interrupted by a retail park, but it can be traced to the rear of the retail park via a culvert under the A52, through a still-existing short cutting and then along a low embankment into the village of Clifton, and can then still be traced all the way to Rocester.

</doc>
<doc id="18513720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513720" title="Jens E. Ekornes">
Jens E. Ekornes

Jens Ellingsen Ekornes (20 January 1908 – 28 November 1976) was a Norwegian businessperson, known as the founder of Ekornes.
He was born in Sykkylven as a son of Elling Sivertsen Ekornes (1878–1966) and Berte Jensine Jensdatter Vik (1884–1968). In 1933he married Petrine Elida Tomasdatter Riksheim. He founded the furniture factory and company "J. E. Ekornes Fjærfabrikk" in Sykkylven in 1934, under the name. He visited the United States several times, to learn his trade.
Jens E. Ekornes was the single owner of the company until 1960, when his brothers Leif and Martin became co-owners in a joint stock company "J. E. Ekornes Fabrikker AS". Upon his death in 1976, Martin Ekornes took over as chief executive. Later, his nephew Jens Petter Ekornes became involved.

</doc>
<doc id="18513721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513721" title="1980–81 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1980–81 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1980–81 campaign was very successful following on from the previous season's brilliant promotion from the Fourth Division. The team just missed out on earning back-to-back promotions, by finishing in 4th place, just 3 points behind 3rd-placed Charlton Athletic.
Review.
Following the successful promotion campaign from Division Four, many fans were hoping for a quick return to Division Two. After a shaky start, in which it took Town 5 games to win a match, but they started a charge up the Division 3 table, with a run of 5 straight wins between September 30 and mid-October. Then followed a mid-period of mediocrity, which led onto a run of 12 matches unbeaten including a win against Barnsley, watched by nearly 30,000 people.
After losing two games on the trot to Reading and Swindon Town, they went on a run of 6 matches unbeaten which included a 5–0 win against Exeter City. They then lost against Millwall, Burnley and Hull City ended Town's promotion hopes, despite beating both Portsmouth and Fulham at the end of the season to finish in 4th place.

</doc>
<doc id="18513725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513725" title="Nyūno Station">
Nyūno Station

Layout.
2 side platforms are on ground. Unmanned station. Former office building is used as a local community hall.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18513741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513741" title="Conventional truck">
Conventional truck

A conventional truck is a type of truck with its engine in front of the driver (much like in a typical car), as opposed to underneath with no nose like in a cab over. This model is the most popular for American truckers. The design gives the driver more leg room and a smoother ride. These models of semi-trucks hold their re-sale value much better than the cab-over engine models. The conventional trucks include Peterbilt, Mack, Freightliner, Western Star, Volvo Trucks (usa), International, and Caterpillar. 

</doc>
<doc id="18513743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513743" title="Rai 4">
Rai 4

Rai 4 (pronounced Rai Quattro) is an Entertainment television channel broadcast by Italian state broadcaster RAI on digital terrestrial television in Italy and digital satellite television through Tivù Sat.
Launched at 9:00 PM on July 14, 2008 with the film "Elephant", Rai 4's programming includes films, TV series and cartoons.

</doc>
<doc id="18513750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513750" title="En Foco">
En Foco

En Foco is a non-profit organization that nurtures contemporary fine art and documentary photographers of diverse cultures, primarily U.S. residents of Latino, African and Asian heritage, and native peoples of the Americas and the Pacific.
Founded in 1974 and inspired by the civil rights movement, it has been in the forefront of documenting the artistic journeys created by photographic artists often overlooked by the mainstream art world.
En Foco, through its Chairperson Frank Gimpaya, was instrumental in discovering Manuel Rivera-Ortiz. Manuel Rivera-Ortiz is the best known photographer featured in En Foco's exhibitions and publications.
Through its visual arts programs, En Foco strives to balance the inequities of the art world by creating the 'missing pages' in art history. In 1984 it created the bilingual (English/Spanish) photographic magazine "Nueva Luz", which concentrates on works by U.S. based photographers of color. Some photographers En Foco has exhibited or written about are Hank Willis Thomas and Sama Raena Alshaibi. 
History.
Inspired by the 1973 traveling exhibition "Dos Mundos" (organized by the Institute of Contemporary Hispanic Art and exhibited in New York City, Los Angeles and Puerto Rico), a group of Puerto Rican photographers - Charles Biasiny-Rivera, Phil Dante, and Roger Cabán - banded together to form the core En Foco group and incorporated in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18513767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513767" title="Neil Thomas">
Neil Thomas

Neil Thomas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18513774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513774" title="International Blues Challenge">
International Blues Challenge

The International Blues Challenge is a music competition run by the Blues Foundation.
The 2010 winner of the top prize was Matt Andersen.
The 2011 winners of the top prize were Georg Schroeter & Marc Breitfelder.
list of past winners: [https://blues.org/ibc/#ref=ibc_past]

</doc>
<doc id="18513785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513785" title="Vyacheslav Leshchuk">
Vyacheslav Leshchuk

Vyacheslav Mykhaylovych Leshchuk () (born 24 December 1951 in Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi) is a retired Ukrainian and Soviet football player.
International career.
Leshchuk played his only game for USSR on March 20, 1976 in a friendly against Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18513794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513794" title="Odd Aukrust">
Odd Aukrust

Odd Aukrust (15 December 1915 – 22 June 2008) was a Norwegian economist.
He was born in Tynset as a son of Lars Olsen Aukrust (1886–1965) and Louise Walmsnæss (1887–1973). He was a nephew of Olav Aukrust, brother of Kjell Aukrust, and first cousin of Tor Aukrust. He was married to Bjørg Marie Hessbak since 1945.
He studied political economy at the University of Oslo under Ragnar Frisch, and graduated in 1941. He was influenced by Keynesian economics. He published the notable analysis "Hva krigen kostet Norge" with Petter Jakob Bjerve in 1945, and took the dr.oecon. degree in 1956. From 1953 to 1984 he was Director of Research at the Statistics Norway bureau.
He died in Kolbotn at the age of 92.

</doc>
<doc id="18513824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513824" title="Johannes Philippus de Lignamine">
Johannes Philippus de Lignamine

Johannes Philippus de Lignamine (1420 – ??) was a Sicilian printer/publisher from Messina active at Monte Cassino near Rome and a courtier to Pope Sixtus IV. He is best known for his publication of "Herbarium Apuleii Platonici" in 1481.
While Italy was the first country to use Johannes Gutenberg's new printing techniques, it was also the first country in which the German monopoly of the printing industry was lost. On 3 August 1470 the "Institutio Oratoria," a book by Marcus Fabius Quintilianus (AD30-AD96) was typeset on an Italian press operated by Johannes Philippus de Lignamine. This first edition was edited by Giovanni Antonio Campani and was based on a corrupt copy of the manuscript found by Poggio Bracciolini.

</doc>
<doc id="18513827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513827" title="Kōchi Station (Hiroshima)">
Kōchi Station (Hiroshima)

Layout.
1 side platform, 1 island platform and a station office are on ground. 2 platforms are connected by a footbridge.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18513839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513839" title="Arethusa Leigh-White">
Arethusa Leigh-White

Arethusa Flora Gartside Leigh-White (née Hawker) (3 January 1885 – 1959) was the second World Association Director, whose nine years in office ended in 1947. She had the difficult years of World War II to contend with, and spent some time in the Western Hemisphere building Girl Guiding there. The immediate postwar reconstruction in Europe came under her guidance, and she and J. S. Wilson had to address and adjust policy accordingly.

</doc>
<doc id="18513851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513851" title="Pilj Waterfall">
Pilj Waterfall

Pilj Waterfall or simply Pilj (), is the second highest waterfall in Serbia, being discovered by geologists and alpinists only in 2002.
Location.
The waterfall is located in the south-eastern region of Visok, near the border of Bulgaria, on the southern slopes of the mountain of Stara Planina. It is located four kilometers away from the village of Topli Do, in the direction of the village of Dojkince.
Geography.
Piljski waterfall is in the gorge of the Piljski stream, the tributary to the Temštica ("Toplodolska reka") river, thus this is haow the waterfall got its name. It is located under the Stara Planina peaks of Čungulj and Kurtulj and the ridge of Jelenski Skok (deer jump), at the altitude of 1,450 meters above sea level. Height of the Piljski waterfall is given as either 65,5 or 64 meters., which in any case makes it the second highest in the country after the Jelovarnik waterfall on the Kopaonik mountain. The waterfall is a cascade one, with "Gornji" (Upper, smaller one) and "Donji" (Lower, taller slope). In the base of the waterfall there is a minute pond, though with a large whirlpool.
The waterfall is located in the sparsely populated area, completely cut off from the rest of the world, without any access roads. As a result of this, the waterfall was discovered only in May 2002. Some other among Serbia's highest waterfalls are in the vicinity of Piljski: Čungulj (43 meters, discovered in 1996) and Kurtulj (27 meters).

</doc>
<doc id="18513864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513864" title="Hongō Station (Hiroshima)">
Hongō Station (Hiroshima)

Layout.
Two side platforms and a station office are on ground. Two platforms are connected by a footbridge.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18513865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513865" title="Democratic Renewal Party (Indonesia)">
Democratic Renewal Party (Indonesia)

The Democratic Renewal Party (Indonesian: "Partai Demokrasi Pembaruan" (PDP)) is a political party in Indonesia. It was established in 2005 by former members of the Indonesian Democratic Party – Struggle (PDI-P) who were once close aides of party leader Megawati Sukarnoputri. Following the 2005 PDI-P congress, differences appeared over the nature of democratic methods within the party. A group of people, including Petrus Selestinus, took the view that although the PDI-P was a modern political party, it still used the old authoritarian methods such as giving absolute prerogative rights to the party chairman and having only one candidate for senior positions. This group then established the Democratic Renewal Party. Unlike the PDI-P, it has a system of collective leadership, with 35 people forming the national leadership.
The party contested the 2009 elections, but won only 0.9 percent of the vote, less than the 2.5 percent electoral threshold, meaning it gained no seats in the People's Representative Council.
Regional strength.
In the legislative election held on 9 April 2009, support for the PDP was higher than the party's national average in the following provinces:
North Sumatra 1.2%
Central Java 1.1%
Yogyakarta 1.0%
West Kalimantan 1.0%
Central Kalimantan 1.1%
Bali 0.9%
East Nusa Tenggara 2.8%
North Sulawesi 1.1%
Central Sulawesi 1.2%
South Sulawesi 0.9%
South East Sulawesi 2.3%
West Papua 2.2%
Papua 1.2%

</doc>
<doc id="18513873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513873" title="Mata (film)">
Mata (film)

Mata () is a 2006 Kannada movie written and directed by debutant director Guruprasad. It stars Navarasa Nayaka Jaggesh. Sadhu Kokila and Guruprasad have done a cameo. It is a black comedy, aiming to inform public about the happenings within contemporary matha/mutts, the sacred institutions in India. The movie beautifully depicts that enlightenment is only possible if emotions like anger, lust, desire, etc. are overcome. With this movie, Guruprasad rose to fame in the industry. He has strictly opposed remakes of movies in Kannada and instead supports dubbing.
Plot.
Movie starts with a taxi driver Upakathe Venkatesh (Jaggesh) welcoming Sister Martha (played by Pari) to Bangalore. He needs to drive her to a matha in Thirthahalli and he starts narrating a story to make the journey interesting, interspersed with sub-stories.
The fore-said matha has an asylum taking care of handicapped orphans and a rare temple of Lord Brahma.
He narrates about this matha, whose chief is a skirt-chaser and goes to the extent of playing flute to girls over phone just to impress upon them.
The chief decides to part with the post, in order join his wife back.
In unique circumstances, the manager and administrator of matha, Appayya (Sudarshan) advertises in news papers declaring vacancy for "Chief of Matha". At this point, breaking the fourth wall, Sudarshan enacting the role of Appayya declines to read out the dialogues about placing a news paper ad about vacant Chief of Matha position. Director Guruprasad makes a cameo entry bombarding Appayya to enact his role, as he is paid to do just that viz., read out the dialogues.
The introduction scene of the film is fabulous as all the characters are invited with vedic hymns, "Asathoma Sadgamaya", which signifies the light in all directions. Tabla Nani as Venugopala nickname packet, Sudheendra as Chintamani, Shashidhar Bhat as Shashidhar bhat, Mandya Ramesh as Mandya Nagesh, Vyjayanth Biradara as Kosta alias Sidda and Jaggesh as Venkatesha take the film on their shoulders. It is a great master piece that has every essence from crisp dialogues to a meaningful and soul scrippling script.
The characters are neglected by the society, their quest for a societal status and food drives them to do all kinds of things to just remain in the training period as they want to avoid being food-less. The comedy scenes involving Nagaraj Murthy as a Muslim king are hilarious and signifies the hold on making the audience waiting for the intuitiveness of the next scene. Sudarshan has given a great modification of a cool head who always emphasize Dharma, manager's role orchestrated by Sadananda is at his comical best.
It is an eye opener to all the present day directors that a cinema is not a bundle of songs or locations instead it is an introspecting field where a societal message should be given to the public at large.
Lead actor Jaggesh and 6 other people each representing kaama, krodha, lobha, mada, moha and maatsarya make it to the tentative list.
Film traverses their journey towards becoming Swamiji (chief of matha).
Cast.
Sadananda as the manager of the matha who is sceptical of the trainees
Bhagirathi as the blind astrologist who also practical in her thinking
Soudtrack.
The film has six songs composed by V. Manohar and Udayaravi, with lyrics by K.R. Sitaram Shastri, V. Manohar, Chaturmukha and Kaviraj. They were sung by C. Ashwath, Gurukiran, B. Jayashree, Hemanth, Chetan and Chaitra.
Critical reception.
It got favorable critical reaction and it did pretty well at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="18513886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513886" title="Ravid">
Ravid

Ravid (, "lit." Necklace) is a small kibbutz in northern Israel. Located to the west of the Sea of Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Emek HaYarden Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 60.
The village was first founded in 1981, and was named after a nearby mountain. Attempts at settlement failed twice in the 1980s, but a third attempt by demobilised Nahal soldiers (members of the graduates movement of HaNoar HaOved VeHaLomed) in 1994 was successful.

</doc>
<doc id="18513897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513897" title="International copyright treaties">
International copyright treaties

While no creative work is automatically protected worldwide, there are international treaties which provide protection automatically for all creative works as soon as they are fixed in a medium. There are two primary international copyright agreements, the Buenos Aires Convention and the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works.
Berne Convention.
The Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works (also referred to as just the Berne Convention) requires protection for all creative works in a fixed medium be automatic, and last for at least 50 years after the author's death for any work except for photographic and cinematographic works. Photographic works are tied to a minimum of 25 years. Cinematographic works are protected for 50 years after first showing, or 50 years after creation if it hasn't been shown within 50 years after the creation. The Berne Convention also allows for the rule of the shorter term, stating that "unless the legislation of that country otherwise provides, the term shall not exceed the term fixed in the country of origin of the work". Not all countries have applied this rule however.
Buenos Aires Convention.
The Buenos Aires Convention was a treaty signed by most North and South American countries, which allows for protection of all creative works as long as they contain a notice informing that the creator claims copyright on it. The Buenos Aires Convention also instituted the "rule of the shorter term", where the length of the copyright term for the work in a country was whichever was shorter - the length of the term in the source country, or the protecting country of the work.
All Buenos Aires countries are now also parties to the Berne Convention, but elements from Buenos Aires are still used in the modern era, such as the rule of the shorter term.

</doc>
<doc id="18513900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513900" title="Philip Henry Pye-Smith">
Philip Henry Pye-Smith

Philip Henry Pye-Smith (30 August 1839 – 23 May 1914) was a physician, medical scientist and educator. His interest was physiology, specialising in skin diseases.
He was born in 1839 at Billiter Square, London EC3, England, the son of Ebenezer and Mary Anne Pye-Smith. He was educated at Mill Hill School and University College London before pursuing medical career at Guy's Hospital and University of London. 
In 1894 he married Emily Gertrude Foulger, the daughter of Arthur Foulger and Martha Barclay, founder of Walthamstow Hall, an independent girls school. They had one son, Philip Howson Guy Pye-Smith, born 1896, London.
Pye-Smith died in 1914 and was buried in the family tomb at Abney Park Cemetery, Stoke Newington.
Memorial.
In St. Mark, North Audley St, Westminster there are two-stained glass windows in the memory of Philip Henry Pye-Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="18513904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513904" title="Lori Brotto">
Lori Brotto

Lori Anne Brotto (born 1975) is a Canadian psychologist best known for her work on female sexual arousal disorder (FSAD). She was the youngest member appointed to the committees for the revision of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5).
Career.
In 1993, Brotto graduated Johnston Heights High School in Surrey, British Columbia. Brotto attended the University of British Columbia, earning a biopsychology B.S. in 1997, a M.A. in 1999, and a Ph.D. in clinical psychology in 2003. In 2003, she completed a one-year internship in the Department of Psychiatry at the University of Washington, followed by a two-year Postdoctoral Fellowship in Reproductive and Sexual Medicine. Brotto was licensed as a Psychologist in the Province of British Columbia in 2005 and has held a position in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology at the University of British Columbia since 2005.
Brotto is a member of the International Academy of Sex Research, the International Society for the Study of Women's Sexual Health, the Society for Sex Therapy and Research, the Canadian Sex Research Forum, and the Canadian Psychological Association. She is an Associate Editor for the "Archives of Sexual Behavior", on the editorial board for "Sexual and Relationship Therapy," and a consulting editor for the "Journal of Sex and Marital Therapy". 
Brotto specializes in sexual issues for women during and after treatment for gynecological cancer, saying that "50% to almost 100% of women following gynaecological cancer do report some degree of sexual impairment depending on the kind of cancer treatment they've had." In 2005 Brotto launched North America's first study to explore a mindfulness-based treatment aimed at helping cancer survivors treated with radical hysterectomy regain their sexual health. To Brotto, the one defining feature of sexual dysfunction is the level of interference it causes. "If lack of desire or inability to reach orgasm interferes in a woman's life, distresses her, or creates a burden on her relationship with her partner, then it could do with some fixing. If it doesn't, then leave well enough alone." She coauthored two chapters on managing FSAD and low sexual desire in women in the 2009 publication "Clinical Manual of Sexual Disorders" edited by Richard Balon and Robert Taylor Segraves.
More recently, inspired by the work of Jon Kabat-Zinn, Brotto has been involved in the subject of mindfulness meditation skills for women with problems of low sexual desire/loss of arousal, sexual distress associated with sexual abuse. She is also interested sexual difficulties associated with gynaecologic and colorectal cancers (men and women), and women with provoked vestibulodynia (genital pain)., and outcome research focused on psychological and mindfulness-based methods in the treatment of sexual dysfunction.

</doc>
<doc id="18513921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513921" title="Aberdeen Railway Co v Blaikie Brothers">
Aberdeen Railway Co v Blaikie Brothers

Aberdeen Railway Co v Blaikie Brothers (1854) 1 Macq 461 is a UK company law case. It concerns the fiduciary duty of loyalty, and in particular, the duty to not engage in self dealing. It laid down a basic rule that if a director had an interest in a corporate transaction, the transaction is voidable at the company's will, and it is the duty of directors to avoid any possibility of a conflict of interest.
This case preceded the Companies Act 2006 section 177, that requires that if directors are interested in a proposed transaction, they should merely declare that interest to the board, and section 239 which stipulates that in approving any transaction the interested director may not vote.
Facts.
Blaikie Bros had a contract with Aberdeen Railway to make iron chairs at £8.50 a ton. They sued to enforce the contract. Aberdeen Railway argued they were not bound because at the time, the Chairman of their board of directors, Sir Thomas Blaikie, was the Managing Director of Blaikie Bros. Therefore there was a conflict of interest.
This case preceded ss 40-1 of the Companies Act 2006, which give directors unlimited capacity to bind the company with those dealing in good faith; but if an action by a director is beyond their authority or in breach of some fiduciary obligation, then they can be made personally liable. Arguably therefore, Blaikie Bros would now have been able to enforce the contract, but Aberdeen could then personally sue the directors for damages flowing from any loss.
Judgment.
Lord Cranworth L.C. held that Aberdeen was not bound by the contract. The key points were that it "may sometimes happen that the terms on which a trustee has dealt or attempted to deal with the estate or interest of those for whom he is a trustee, have been as good as could have been obtained from any other person - they may even at the time have been better. But still so inflexible is the rule that no inquiry on that subject is permitted. The English authorities on this head are numerous and uniform." Mr Blaikie’s ‘personal interest would lead him to an entirely opposite direction, would induce him to fix the price as high as possible. This is the very evil against which the rule in question is directed, and here I see nothing whatever to prevent its application."

</doc>
<doc id="18513927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513927" title="Einar W. Sissener">
Einar W. Sissener

Einar W. Sissener (10 February 1929 – 22 June 2008) was a Norwegian businessperson, known as CEO of Alpharma.
His grandfather founded the pharmacy company "Apothekernes Laboratorium" in 1903. Sissener took over the leadership of the company from his father, Wilhelm Sissener. A sister company A.L. Laboratories Inc was established in the United States in 1975, and listed on the American Stock Exchange in 1984. Apothekernes Laboratorium was listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 1989. The companies were merged, and the name changed to Alpharma, in 1994. Sissener retired as CEO in 2000; from 2000 to 2006 he was chairman of the board.
Sissener has been active in sport sailing, sometimes sailing on the boat of King Harald V. His own sailboat was named ""Al Capone"".
He died at the age of 79 at Ullevål University Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="18513940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513940" title="Jon Lajoie">
Jon Lajoie

Jonathan "Jon" Lajoie ( ; born August 21, 1980) is a Canadian comedian, actor, rapper, singer, musician and Internet celebrity from Montreal, Quebec. He gained fame mostly from his YouTube channel, "jonlajoie," posting comedic original songs, as well as his role as Taco MacArthur on the FX comedy series "The League."
Early life and education.
Lajoie was born in Longueuil, Quebec, Canada, and raised in the South Shore of Montreal. His father is Québécois and his mother is English-Canadian. He graduated from Dawson College's professional theatre program in 2001.
Career.
Since 2003, he has acted as an English-Canadian musician named Thomas Edison in Radio-Canada's French-Canadian sitcom "L'Auberge du chien noir". Jon Lajoie began his career as a comedy musician in 2007. Lajoie's performance includes music, skits, and some stand-up comedy. Jon Lajoie has also released 2 studio albums and appeared on Comedy Central Presents.
"The League".
Lajoie currently has a role in the FXX TV show "The League" as Taco MacArthur, a perpetually stoned and unemployed musician. Lajoie performs his song "The Birthday Song" and "Vaginal Hubris" in two episodes of the first season. Throughout the series, Lajoie performs songs written specifically for the show.
"Comedy Central Presents".
Jon Lajoie filmed an episode of "Comedy Central Presents" on November 7, 2009. It premiered on March 5, 2010.
The same special aired uncensored as part of Comedy Central's Secret Stash on June 6 at 1:30 AM (EST). The special featured the world premiere of the video for his song "Pop Song".

</doc>
<doc id="18513942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513942" title="Volodymyr Lozynskyi">
Volodymyr Lozynskyi

Volodymyr Fyodorovich Lozynskyi or Vladimir Fyodorovich Lozinsky (; ) (born February 6, 1955 in Sapichi, Bryansk Oblast) is a retired Soviet football player and current Ukrainian coach.
International career.
Lozynskyi made his debut for USSR on October 14, 1979 in a friendly against Romania. He played in the 1982 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, but was not selected for the final tournament squad. He also played in one UEFA Euro 1984 qualifier.

</doc>
<doc id="18513947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513947" title="Neil Thomas (gymnast)">
Neil Thomas (gymnast)

Neil Roderick Thomas MBE is a retired English artistic gymnast who experienced most of his success in the floor exercises. An acknowledged inspiration to many young British gymnasts, he was former world silver medalist and Commonwealth Games Champion and one of the most successful British gymnasts in the history of the sport. 
He was born in Chirk, Wrexham in Wales on April 6, 1968. 
Thomas was noteworthy as a successful gymnast at world and international level at a time when British gymnastics generally did not figure at that level, and is regarded as an important torchbearer in the sport for the later successes of Elizabeth Tweddle, Louis Smith and other male British gymnasts in the 2010s.
Winner of three gold medals spanning two Commonwealth Games, Thomas also added a world silver medal on the floor in 1993, and repeating the feat in 1994 as well as finishing 20th at the Barcelona Olympics.
He won a Commonwealth gold medal on floor at Auckland and the vault bronze medal at European Championships in 1990. In 1993 he won the UK’s first World Championship medal in Artistic Gymnastics (silver)
1993. A year later he won a gold medal on floor and became All-around champion and also won the silver medal on floor at World Championships in Brisbane.
Neil Thomas now works as a development officer in the north west of England. He is a member of the Liverpool Gymnastics Club.
He was awarded the Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 1995 New Year Honours for services to gymnastics and in recognition of his near single-handed achievement in putting British men's gymnastics on the map. He is cousin to TV journalist Owen Spencer-Thomas who also awarded the MBE.

</doc>
<doc id="18513976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513976" title="McDonald Yobe">
McDonald Yobe

McDonald Yobe (born 11 September 1981) is a retired Malawian footballer who played as a midfielder or striker.
Career.
Yobe was the first player to be transferred for 1 million kwacha when he moved from Telecom Wanderers to local rival Big Bullets. He played his last professional season for Ottawa Wizards in the Canadian Soccer League.
International career.
He also played for the Malawi national team.
Personal.
Currently he has retired from active football, he is a resident in Manchester where he plays for a local social team of diaspola Malawians. Yobe is married with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="18513987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513987" title="As-Sura">
As-Sura

as-Sura () is a Palestinian village located twelve kilometers south-west of Hebron. The village is in the Hebron Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 1,925 in 2007. The primary health care facilities for the village are obtained at Imreish where they are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18513990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513990" title="Lonesome Pine Fiddlers">
Lonesome Pine Fiddlers

The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers (1938- 1966) were an early bluegrass band which included such notable "first generation" bluegrass musicians as Ezra Cline, Bobby Osborne, Paul Williams, Melvin Goins, Charlie Cline, Curly Ray Cline, Larry Richardson and for a short time Jimmy Martin. The group was started by Ezra Cline and Curly Ray Cline and was originally named "Cousin Ezra and the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers". The Clines came from a large family consisting of musically talented people. Ray and Charlie's father, Charlie, was a talented banjo player and the women in the family, Geraldine and Bobbi, were great singers. For reasons unknown, Bobbi and Geraldine never joined the band on the road but often joined in at home, especially when notable Country singers, such as Bill Monroe, Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs, and Hank Williams, came visiting. None of them ever had a music lesson yet excelled on every instrument they touched. Natives of the Gilbert Creek region of southern West Virginia, Cousin Ezra, along with brothers Ireland (Lazy Ned) and Curly Ray Cline, were part of the original Lonesome Pine Fiddlers from about 1938, a group that worked on radio at WHIS Bluefield, West Virginia. During WWII, Ned was killed in action. When the Pine Fiddlers resumed regular daily broadcasts, Charlie, who played multiple instruments, joined them on a regular basis. Charlie returned to the Fiddlers briefly before becoming a member of Bill Monroe's Blue Grass Boys. During 1952-1955, Charlie worked off and on with Monroe, recording some 38 songs, all on Decca. It has been said that he played every instrument at one time or another in the Monroe group except mandolin. Charlie spent most of 1953 back with the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers working at WJR radio in Detroit. When Ezra brought the band to Pikeville, Kentucky, in November, Charlie rejoined Bill Monroe. In 1954, Charlie did a session, playing lead guitar, with the Stanley Brothers and also another one on RCA with the Fiddlers, although he was not otherwise working with them at the time. He also worked briefly as a sideman with the Osborne Brothers, although he did not record with them. By 1958, Charlie (electric lead guitar) and his wife, Lee (electric bass), had rejoined Ezra and Curly Ray in the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers, who were experimenting with a more modern sound and working a TV show in Huntington, West Virginia, in addition to daily radio in Pikeville. In his later years, Charlie was with the Stanley Brothers. Curly Ray also played with the Stanley Brothers at a different time as their fiddler. Curly Ray was one of the best fiddlers in Bluegrass. This most talented family of musicians were the best, surpassed by none. Finally, on October 1, 2009, The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers got their due when they were inducted into the International Bluegrass Hall of Fame at the Ryman Theater (the original home of the Grand Ole Opry). Bobby Osborne, Melvin Goins and Paul Williams were there to receive the bands award. In the crowd of a sold out theater was the son of Ezra Cline, Scotty Ireland Cline, who recalled being in that same theater as a child sitting on stage and watching the Fiddlers play. (At the time, the Opry had bleachers for family just off stage). The final act of the evening at the IBMA Awards was the playing of "Pain in my Heart" by Osborne, Goins and Williams along with a Song from the Dillards, who were also inducted the same evening.
[http://www.oldies.com/artist-biography/The-Lonesome-Pine-Fiddlers.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18513994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513994" title="Jo Su-Huk">
Jo Su-Huk

Jo Su-Huk (; born March 18, 1987) is a South Korean footballer who currently plays for Incheon United in the K-League.
International career.
He played for South Korea national under-20 football team at the 2006 AFC Youth Championship and at the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18514013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514013" title="Brotto">
Brotto

Brotto is an Italian surname and can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18514023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514023" title="Curly Ray Cline">
Curly Ray Cline

Curly Ray Cline (January 10, 1923 - August 19, 1997) was an American bluegrass fiddler from West Virginia known for his work with the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers and Ralph Stanley.
Biography.
Cline was born in Pike County, Kentucky. He learned the basics from his father, but other than that he was self-taught. While he was growing up playing the fiddle, he was inspired by Fiddlin' Arthur Smith of the Grand Ole Opry. Curly and his brothers were all musically talented, but Curly Ray and brother Charlie Cline were especially gifted. 
When Curly Ray was 15 years old, he, along with his Cousin Ezra and Brother Ned formed the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers around 1938. The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers started off playing on radio station WHIS in the nearby town of Bluefield where they remained until 1952. Although during this time Curly and brother Charlie Cline were also playing in Jimmy Martin's band, the Sunny Mountain Boys. Occasionally, Curly Ray did studio work for many musicians such as Jimmy Martin, Bobby Osborne, Rex and Eleanor Parker and Hobo Jack Adkins. He continued to perform with the Fiddlers intermittently through the early 1960s,
In early 1963, Curly Ray left the Fiddlers to play with The Stanley Brothers. He played with them on a part-time basis until Carter Stanley's death in 1966. When Ralph Stanley re-configured the band in 1967, Curly Ray signed on as his full-time fiddler. Curly Ray appears on every succeeding record until his retirement in 1993. He was succeeded by fellow West Virginian, James Price.
Curly Ray's fiddling blended in perfectly with Ralph Stanley's music. Curly's playing was that of the old time bluegrass. Cline had a deep passion for old time music, as he did for bluegrass. Ralph Stanley felt the same way about his music. The two became very good friends while touring together. Ralph Stanley said of Curly Ray, at Curly Ray's funeral: "He plays the fiddle sort of the way I play the banjo, he plays it the way he feels it."
While playing in Ralph Stanley's Clinch Mountain Boys, Curly Ray released a few solo, mostly instrumental, records. On these albums, Cline combined his own vocal sound effects, including sounds of barking hounds and braying mules, with traditional bluegrass songs. He did hardly any solo singing until about 1972, when he began to sing comedy numbers to add variety to Ralph's shows.

</doc>
<doc id="18514024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514024" title="USS Washington (1775)">
USS Washington (1775)

USS "Washington" was a schooner acquired by the Continental Navy during the American Revolution and converted to an armed brigantine. She served for only a short period of time before being captured by the British.
Acquired by General Washington.
The first ship to be named "Washington" by the Navy—while never part of the Continental Navy—was a 160-ton schooner named "Endeavor" acquired by General George Washington in early October 1775 from George Erving and Capt. Benjamin Wormwell of Plymouth, Massachusetts. 
Renamed "Washington", the schooner was fitted out at Plymouth, Massachusetts, and was re-rigged as a brigantine at the behest of her prospective commanding officer, a Continental Army officer from Rhode Island, Capt. Sion Martindale. On November 3, 1775, Washington's charter was consummated, and she was authorized to operate off the New England coast between Cape Cod and Cape Ann in the hope of disrupting British shipping.
Service.
"Washington" sailed in company with the schooner "Harrison" on November 23. No more than three leagues from shore, both Continental ships came across the British frigate HMS "Tartar" and two forage-laden transports. The British ships scared off and separated and "Washington" and "Harrison" chased the ship until well after nightfall. And, although "Washington" spent most of November 25 looking for "Harrison", she did not find her. 
Soon thereafter, she captured the provision-laden, 80-ton sloop "Britannia" and turned her over to Continental authorities before returning to sea on the 28th. However, stormy weather and a poorly disciplined crew caused "Washington" to head back to port the next day.
A demoralized crew.
Back at Plymouth, it was ascertained that some of the men's grumblings had been occasioned by their contention that they had enlisted to serve as soldiers in the army, not as sailors. Moreover, a lack of winter clothing demoralized the crew. They were quickly supplied with suitable winter outfits, and the ship returned to sea on Sunday, December 3, 1775.
Captured.
Late the next day, the British 6th rate, 20-gun frigate HMS "Fowey", cruising Massachusetts Bay on the lookout for "rebel cruisers," in company with HMS "Lively", sighted "Washington" and gave chase.
Just before nightfall, "Fowey" reached gun range and fired a warning shot. Seven subsequent rounds brought the brigantine to, and she lowered her colors. Taken to Boston, Massachusetts, "Washington", upon inspection by the Royal Navy, was deemed unsuitable for British operations on the high seas.
Final disposition.
The brigantine "Washington" eventually rotted away at Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="18514049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514049" title="Pavel Grechishkin">
Pavel Grechishkin

Pavel Grechishkin (1898–1965?) was a Russian rector of two Russian Catholic missions.
Biography.
Grechishkin was born near Charkov (in modern Ukraine) into the family of an Orthodox priest. In 1920 he emigrated to Czechoslovakia due to Russian Communist persecution against Orthodoxy. In 1921 he was ordained an Orthodox priest. Grechishkin participated in a mission against the Carpathian Greek Catholics, during which he interested about Uniatism. In 1930, believing in the Roman Catholic Church, he converted from Orthodoxy. Enrolled at Catholic University in Olomouc, he served in Vienna. From 1931 to 1945 he was Rector of the Russian Catholic mission in Vienna, and in 1945 with the approach of the Soviet troops, along with parishioners left Vienna. then in Paris when Cardinal Eugene Tisserand appointed him rector and was elevated to the rank of archpriest. In 1962 fell ill and at the end of 1964 retired and left Paris. The subsequent fate is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18514057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514057" title="The Last Alliance (album)">
The Last Alliance (album)

The Last Alliance is the fifth album by the Finnish heavy metal band Battlelore, released in 2008. It was issued as a jewel case CD and a digipack with a bonus DVD featuring footage of a live show at Metal Female Voices Fest in Wieze, Belgium in 2007.
It peaked at position 26 in The Official Finnish Charts.
Track listing.
All music and lyrics by Battlelore

</doc>
<doc id="18514058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514058" title="Anglican Journal">
Anglican Journal

The Anglican Journal is the national newspaper of the Anglican Church of Canada. Editorially independent, the Journal publishes news and opinion related to Anglicanism in Canada and abroad. It also contains an extensive arts and culture section, and classified advertising. Its interim editor is Paul Feheley.
The paper was first published under the name "Dominion Churchman" in 1875; and later as the "Canadian Churchman". It is published ten times a year, and is mailed separately or with one of 24 diocesan or regional publications. It is a member of the Canadian Church Press and Associated Church Press.
The Journal has been frequently cited for excellence in journalism, winning seventeen awards in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18514083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514083" title="Median cut">
Median cut

Median cut is an algorithm to sort data of an arbitrary number of dimensions into series of sets by cutting each set of data at the median point.
Median cut is typically used for color quantization. For example, to reduce a 64k-colour image to 256 colours, median cut is used to find 256 colours that match the original data well. This can be seen in the Perl module Image-Pngslimmer (available on CPAN).

</doc>
<doc id="18514089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514089" title="Natacha Michel">
Natacha Michel

Natacha Michel is a French political activist, militant and writer, born in 1941. She has published a dozen novels and a growing body of literary criticism.
Michel was program director at the College International de Philosophie (1995–2001). She is the daughter of French film director and screenwriter André Michel.
L'Organisation Politique.
Following the student uprisings of May 1968 in France, Michel was a founding member of the Union des communistes de France marxiste-léniniste (UCFml). To quote Alain Badiou, the UCFml is "the Maoist organization established in late 1969 by Natacha Michel, Sylvain Lazarus, myself and a fair numher of young people". Michel's commitment to political intervention did not waver in the following decades. She is a founding member (along with Badiou and Lazarus) of the militant French political organisation "L'Organisation Politique" which called itself a post-party organization concerned with direct popular intervention in a wide range of issues (including immigration, labor, and housing). In addition to numerous writings and interventions since the 1980s, "L'Organisation Politique" has stressed the importance of developing political prescriptions concerning undocumented migrants (in France referred to as "les sans papiers") and stresses that they must be conceived primarily as workers and not immigrants.

</doc>
<doc id="18514097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514097" title="Bathgate railway station (disambiguation)">
Bathgate railway station (disambiguation)

Bathgate railway station is a railway station close to the site of Bathgate Middle Junction, constructed as part of the Airdrie-Bathgate Rail Link
Bathgate railway station may also refer to one of these closed stations in Bathgate, Scotland:

</doc>
<doc id="18514123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514123" title="Bartholomew Remov">
Bartholomew Remov

Bartholomew Remov (born Nikolai Fedorovich Remov, October 3, 1888, Moscow, Russian Empire - died on June 26, 1935Butyrka Prison, Moscow, Soviet Union ), was a Russian Orthodox bishop, representative to Metropolitan Peter, the locum tenens of the late Patriarch Tikhon. While secretly leading an underground Orthodox monastery and convent, Bishop Bartholomew was received into the Russian Catholic Church by the Latin Rite Bishop Pie Neveu. After this became known to Joseph Stalin's NKVD, the Bishop endured eighteen months of torture, all the while refusing to recant or to inform on his fellow believers. In 1935, he was convicted by an NKVD troika of plotting to assassinate Joseph Stalin and overthrow the CPSU in favor of a British-style Constitutional Monarchy. Almost immediately afterwards, Metropolitan Bartholomew was shot.
Education.
Son of the priest of the Church of Assumption in Moscow on Malaya Dmitrovka church. Remov graduated at Zakonospasskoe religious school, after in the Moscow Theological Seminary in 1908, the Moscow Theological Academy in 1912 with a degree in theology. Master of Theology in 1914, with a thesis: "The Book of Habakkuk. Introduction to interpretation".
Monastic life and scholar.
On June 10, 1911 Remov was tonsured a monk, on June 23, 1911 ordained a deacon and February 18, 1912 as a priest. In 1912 he became an Associate Professor of Old Testament Scriptures of the Moscow Theological Academy. In 1913 Dean of Academic Intercession Church and 1914 an Associate Professor. On 20 August 1916 Remov became an extraordinary professor. In 1919 head of the Academic Protection Church and Archimandrite. In 1920 Patriarch Tikhon appointed him director of the Higher Institute of Theology. At the same year preached against the opening of the relics of Sergius of Radonezh. On September 6, 1920 he was arrested for it, and on February 28, 1921 released for health reasons (he was carried from the prison on a stretcher).
Master's thesis Bishop Bartholomew is based on a detailed analysis of the Greek and Hebrew texts of Habakkuk with the Slavic manuscripts. Work shows the deep erudition and multifaceted approach to the subject. The author focused on textual criticism and the "historical interpretation of the book of Habakkuk." However, more than a historian and biblical scholar, was known as an expert on liturgy and Church Slavonic. Metropolitan Sergius (Stragorodsky) asked him to correct all church services, singing, coming to review the Moscow Patriarchate.
Orthodox bishop.
On July 28, 1921 Bishop of Sergiev Posad vicariate, a vicariate of the Moscow diocese. After the closure of the Trinity Sergius Lavra in from 1923 to 1929 Remov became head of the Vysokopetrovsky Monastery in Moscow. From 1925 to 1935 he became head of the Church of the Nativity of the Virgin, in Putinki, and in this temple after the closing of the monastery moved clergy who served with Bishop Bartholomew, and those close to him by parishioners. Respected by the faithful as an ascetic, a prayer and confessor, had a reputation as an old man. Remov organized secret monastic communities and remained under the jurisdiction of Deputy Patriarchal Locum Tenens Metropolitan Sergius (Stragorodsky), was critical of the church and its political course.
In 1928 he was arrested, charged with "harboring a spy." While in detention, signed an undertaking to cooperate with the Joint State Political Directorate, and then was released. As the agent did not give information security officers, which they had hoped. Since his "cooperation" with the JSPD agent acted as a formal order to preserve the secret monasticism in Moscow, "covering" him from reprisals from the authorities. On June 9, 1934 Remov was elevated to the rank of archbishop.
Secret Catholic.
In 1928 Remov met with the apostolic administrator in Moscow, Bishop Pius Eugene Neva, which then constantly communicated (the JSPD believed that Bishop Bartholomew will inform security officers about the moods and activities of the Bishop Neva). In fact, considered a reapprochement with Catholics as an opportunity to ease the fate of the Russian Church, committed to the Vatican representative in Russia about the persecution of the Church in order to bring it to the international community. Gradually Remov began to show sympathy for Catholicism, but still in 1931 the bishop of the Neva in a letter expressing doubt that Bishop Bartholomew may be a Catholic, because it is "limited to vague words about their likes and is very afraid of compromising himself." However, already in 1932 secretly converted to Catholicism, has created a small Catholic community of secret members of his church. On his move to Catholicism without the knowledge of security officers.
In 1933 received the official documents on its powers of papal commission Pro Russia signed by the head of the commission of Bishop Michel d'Herbigny. The document said the establishment of the Department of titular Sergiev Posad vicariate in the jurisdiction of the Pope and put to it "is vested with the episcopal dignity in the Eastern rite" and putting Bishop Bartholomew as a vicar bishop of the Bishop Neva. D'Herbigny' gave his support to Bishop Bartholomew (the first such example in Russia in the 20th century), considering the secret Catholic bishop as the future Patriarch of the Eastern Rite in the jurisdiction of the Pope.
Some fans believed Bishop Bartholomew's information about its transition to Catholicism false (in the first half of the 1990s seriously considered the possibility of his identity as a saint of the Orthodox saints). They believed that an Orthodox bishop in his relations with the Catholics did not go beyond consultation and transfer of information. In their view, the recognition of the interrogations were "knocked out" by employees of the NKVD, and the documents that came from d'Herbigny dubious. However, their argument is rejected both Orthodox and Catholic scholars. The General Archive of the Augustinian monks in Rome kept correspondence between Bishop Bartholomew and Bishop Neve, proving his Catholicism.
The last arrest and death.
In early 1928 Remov was arrested and released, because he had given a written that become a secret informant for the JSPD. However, when on February 21, 1935 Remov was arrested, and was charged in the fact that he had nothing NKVD and posted a shot for "dereliction of duty." Rather than transferring the NKVD about fellow believers, he passed on the Vatican's representative in Russia, about the persecution of the Church. On February 21, 1935 Remov was arrested and sent to Butyrka prison. Remov was charged of treason and dereliction of duty in relation to the NKVD. On June 17, 1935 he was sentenced to death by the Military Collegium of the Supreme Court of the USSR, and soon shot.
Of all those arrested with him, he was one shot. For 1935 the sentence was quite severe. Perhaps this was due to the hardness Remov in interrogations, in particular, in response to the question, why did not he answer, the bishop said, "I tried to find a suitable material, but it is not found".

</doc>
<doc id="18514134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514134" title="HD 220466">
HD 220466

HD 220466 is a F-type subgiant or main sequence star in the constellation Aquarius. It has apparent magnitude 6.47 and is about 200 light-years away. In 1913, an apparent visual companion of apparent magnitude 10.3 was observed 1.9 arcseconds away from the star, but it is doubtful whether it actually exists.

</doc>
<doc id="18514175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514175" title="Typhoon Soudelor (2003)">
Typhoon Soudelor (2003)

Typhoon Soudelor (international designation: 0306, JTWC designation: 07W, PAGASA name: Egay) was a powerful typhoon that underwent rapid deepening east of Taiwan in the 2003 Pacific typhoon season. It was the sixth named storm by the Japan Meteorological Agency of the season, as well as the third typhoon. It formed on June 12 from a disturbance in the monsoon trough, located east of the Philippines. The system moved generally to the northwest after its genesis, gradually intensifying into a tropical storm. While offshore the Philippines, Soudelor dropped heavy rainfall that caused flooding and left thousands homeless. The storm caused $2.46 million in damage, and 12 deaths.
After affecting the Philippines, Soudelor moved into an area of low wind shear and with favorable outflow. It became a typhoon on June 17, and quickly developed an eye while rapidly intensifying. The storm struck the Japanese island of Iriomote-jima, where wind gusts reached 204 km/h (127 mph). It also affected Taiwan, where floods covered highways and caused mudslides. Early on June 18, Soudelor reached peak 10–minute sustained winds of 150 km/h (90 mph). Subsequently, an increase in shear and the passage of a trough weakened the typhoon and caused it to turn to the northeast. Soudelor weakened to a tropical storm on June 19, and subsequently it passed between Japan and South Korea. It became an extratropical cyclone that day, dissipating on June 24. In Japan, the storm caused widespread power outages, although damage was minimal, and there were 21 injuries. In South Korea, there was $12.1 million in damage and two deaths.
Meteorological history.
The origins of Soudelor were from a tropical disturbance that persisted a short distance northwest of Pohnpei on June 7. By two days later, it had a large area of convection, and it moved generally westward. Late on June 9, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a tropical cyclone formation alert (TCFA), although the system initially failed to develop due to wind shear in the region. The thunderstorms decreased over the increasingly exposed circulation. On June 11, the shear decreased, and convection became better organized. The JTWC initiated warnings on Tropical Depression 07W late that day, and at 0000 UTC on June 12, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) also remarked that a tropical depression had formed to the northeast of Palau.
After forming, the depression tracked generally westward due to a subtropical ridge to the north. Around that time, it was still located within the monsoon trough, and it interacted with another circulation to its east-southeast, causing a motion to the west-northwest. As it moved away from the other circulation, the depression was able to intensify, and the wind shear decreased. On June 13 the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Soudelor to the east of Samar Island in the Philippines. That day, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration PAGASA initiated advisories and gave it the local name "Egay". Upon becoming a tropical storm, Soudelor developed rainbands to the north and south, although it could not intensify significantly due to a tropical upper tropospheric trough to the east. A mid-latitude trough to the north weakened the ridge, which allowed Soudelor to turn more to the northwest off the northeast coast of the Philippines. The circulation became exposed from the deepest convection, and around that time the storm was located about 160 km (100 mi) east of Samar Island. Thunderstorms gradually increased, and the outflow improved. Late on June 16, the JTWC upgraded Soudelor to a typhoon, and the next day the JMA followed suit when the storm was located southeast of Taiwan.
Around the time that Soudelor became a typhoon, it began moving toward the north, influenced by an approaching trough, and it passed about 95 km (60 mi) northeast of Luzon. A ragged eye developed early on June 17, which quickly became better organized. With its outflow enhanced by the approaching trough, Soudelor rapidly intensified to the east of Taiwan. The typhoon struck the Japanese island of Iriomote-jima at around 2030 UTC on June 17. At 0600 UTC on June 18, the JTWC estimated peak 1 minute winds of 215 km/h (135 mph). At the same time, JMA estimated peak 10 minute winds of 150 km/h (90 mph) when it was located west of Okinawa. While at its maximum strength, Soudelor had a circular eye 33 km (21 mi) in diameter. It turned to the north-northeast, maintaining its peak winds for about 12 hours before increased shear from the westerlies caused weakening. The eye quickly dissipated, and the system began transitioning into an extratropical cyclone. Early on June 19, the JMA downgraded Soudelor below typhoon status, and the storm later crossed between Japan and South Korea into the Sea of Japan. At 1500 UTC that day, the JMA declared the storm as extratropical while it was near the Oki Islands; the JTWC followed suit three hours later. The extratropical remnants of Soudelor continued to the northeast, crossing northern Japan on June 20. The storm slowed and turned to the east, dissipating on June 24.
Preparations.
By June 16, PAGASA raised storm signal number 3 for Batanes and the provinces of Cagayan and Isabela; storm signal number 2 for all or portions of nine provinces and for Polillo Island; and storm signal number 1 was raised for portions of four provinces. The signals refer to the potential for winds, from lowest to highest representing weakest to strongest winds; number 3 refers to the potential for winds of within 18 hours.
On June 16, the Central Weather Bureau issued sea and land warnings in Taiwan as Soudelor was anticipated to produce torrential rains, gale-force winds, and rough seas. All fishermen in the area were urged to return to port before the onset of the typhoon. As the typhoon tracked near Taiwan, the Japan Meteorological Agency began advising residents in Okinawa to closely monitor the storm. One of the major airlines in Japan, All Nippon Airways, cancelled 66 domestic flights the same day, stranding an estimated 6,000 people. During the storm, 257 domestic flights were canceled, and train and ferry service was canceled. In Nagasaki Prefecture, 732 schools were closed during the storm. Hundreds of people voluntarily evacuated in Japan.
On June 17, the Korean Meteorological Agency issued rain warnings for Jeju Island and coastal areas of South Korea. They also urged residents to take all precautions for the storm. The Korea Airports Corporation reported that 111 flights to southern areas of the country were cancelled due to the typhoon.
Impact and aftermath.
While Soudelor was moving to the northwest off the east coast of the Philippines, it dropped heavy rainfall, including in 24 hours in Catarman, Northern Samar. Rainfall in six hours reached at Virac Airport. The rains caused flooding throughout the Philippines, which left thousands of people homeless. Throughout the country, the storm damaged 157 houses and destroyed 94. Soudelor also left crop damage. An estimated 45,400 people were affected by Soudelor. Overall damage was estimated at ₱131 million (2003 Philippine pesos, $2.46 million 2003 USD). There were 12 deaths, with two missing, as well as two people injured.
In Taiwan, Soudelor dropped heavy rainfall that resulted in flooding and landslides. One of the mudslides covered a section of the Yenhsi Highway between Hsitou and Luku. Road crews were quickly dispatched to the area but had to suspend cleanup efforts due to continuing impacts from Soudelor. Dozens of tour buses carrying tourists who were being evacuated from the mountains were blocked several times by mudslides covering roads. The Sungshan Airport in Taipei was shut down during the morning of June 19 due to unsettled weather produced by the typhoon. The Feitsui Dam increased by due to the storm's rainfall, raising it to near peak capacity.
For eight hours, the Japanese island of Iriomote-jima reported gale-force winds, except for during the eye passage of Soudelor. The island reported sustained winds of 108 km/h (67 mph), with gusts to 204 km/h (127 mph). On Ishigaki Island, the storm caused ¥77.9 million (2003 JPY, $655,000 2003 USD) in agriculture damage, mostly from high waves. Soudelor dropped heavy rainfall throughout Japan, peaking at in Kagoshima Prefecture; most of the precipitation fell in about 24 hours. A North Korean cargo ship was stranded off the northwest coast of Japan after being refused entry into the Japanese port of Toyama. During the storm, about 10,000 houses lost power, including 3,400 houses in Okinawa Prefecture. Damage was minor, with only 26 damaged houses, varying from blown off roof tiles to shattered windows. Soudelor injured 21 people in the country, mostly due to falling objects. There were at least 22 landslides nationwide. Four bridges along the Yoshino River were flooded during the storm.
In South Korea, Soudelor dropped about of rainfall at Hallasan in Jeju Province in South Korea. The storm also caused seas. Typhoon Soudelor killed two people in South Korea and caused $12.1 million in damages.

</doc>
<doc id="18514196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514196" title="Seno Station">
Seno Station

Layout.
2 island platforms are on ground. Station office is above the platforms and the tracks.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18514208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514208" title="Rafe Mair v. Kari Simpson">
Rafe Mair v. Kari Simpson

Rafe Mair v. Kari Simpson (2008) is a case on appeal from the Court of Appeal for British Columbia to the Supreme Court of Canada on defamation.

</doc>
<doc id="18514209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514209" title="St. Philip's Episcopal Church (Wrangell, Alaska)">
St. Philip's Episcopal Church (Wrangell, Alaska)

St. Philip's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church located at 446 Church Street in Wrangell, Alaska. Its frame vernacular style church was built as the People's Church in 1903 by a Presbyterian congregation of Alaskan Natives under the direction of its minister, the Rev. Harry Prosper Corser. In 1905 the Rev. Mr. Corser and many of his congregation were received into the Episcopal Church by the Rt. Rev. Peter Trimble Rowe, the first bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Alaska. Corser was later ordained an Episcopal priest and served the church which was consecrated at St. Phillip's until he retired in 1934. On May 6, 1987, the church was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Saint Philip's Episcopal Church.
St. Philip's is still an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Alaska. The Rev. Paula Sampson and the Rev. Ian MacKenzie are its co-rectors.

</doc>
<doc id="18514221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514221" title="Roger Brousse">
Roger Brousse

Roger Brousse (born June 13, 1901, date of death unknown) was a French boxer. He competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924, Brousse initially was awarded the victory on points in his quarter-final bout of the middleweight class. However, he was later disqualified for having bitten his opponent, the eventual gold medalist, Harry Mallin.

</doc>
<doc id="18514258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514258" title="Manuel Gallardo">
Manuel Gallardo

Manolo A. Gallardo (born June 13, 1900, date of death unknown) was an Argentine boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to Roger Brousse.

</doc>
<doc id="18514262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514262" title="GM Card">
GM Card

The GM Card is a co-branded rewards credit card program with consumer cards offered by Capital One and business cards offered by Chase. Cardholders accrue earnings that can be applied towards the purchase of eligible new GM vehicles.
Products.
The first card offered under this program was issued in 1992. McCann, the initial agency of record, reported a budget of $70 million for the first year of advertising in support of the card. All of the cards issued under this program have no annual fee. 
GM Card.
The GM Card offers cardholders an unlimited rebate equal to 5% of the first $5000 and 2% thereafter in annual purchases made with the card that can be applied to the purchase of a new car from GM. Unlike many other reward card programs, the GM card does not restrict earnings to certain categories of purchases. 
GM Flexible Earnings Card.
The GM Flexible Earnings Card offers an unlimited rebate equal to 3% on all purchases that can be used to buy or lease a new GM vehicle. Unlike the GM Card, the Flexible Earnings Card offers the option of receiving rewards as cash back equal to 1% of purchases. 
GM Extended Family Card.
The GM Extended Family Card allows cardholders to combine GM employee and supplier discounts with earnings of 1% when purchasing an eligible car. Cardholders also have the option of receiving 1% cash back. 
GM Business Card.
The GM Business Card, issued by Chase, offers unlimited earnings of 5% at GM dealers on GM parts and services, 3% at gas stations, office supply stores, and restaurants, and 1% on all other purchases. No option for cash back is available. 
Reward redemption.
Earnings on GM Card products can be applied towards the purchase of an eligible new GM vehicle from any Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, or Cadillac dealer. Earnings may be redeemed in addition to other discounts with some exceptions such as the GM Credit Union member discount, the GM Dealership Employee Purchase Program, the GM Enhanced Dealership Employee Purchase Program, and the GM Supplier Discount Program. There is no limit on redemption and earnings never expire.
Issuing banks.
The GM Card line of consumer products was originally issued by HSBC. Capital One acquired many of HSBC's U.S. credit card customers and some of its products in May of 2012 for $2.6 billion and another $31.3 billion to cover the balances on the accounts transferred. The sale was tentatively announced in August of 2011. Prior to the sale HSBC issued credit cards through HSBC Finance Corp. and HSBC USA. This deal included accounts and products issued through HSBC Finance Corp. under the Orchard Bank and Household Bank brand names and co-branded products offered in cooperation with General Motors, Best Buy, Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Avenue, and 18 other retailers. HSBC still issues credit cards through HSBC USA. 
The GM Business Card is issued by Chase. 

</doc>
<doc id="18514323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514323" title="Ben Funk">
Ben Funk

Benjamin "Ben" Franklin Funk (June 2, 1902 – November 1969) was an American boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died Bloomington, Illinois.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Joseph Beecken.

</doc>
<doc id="18514333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514333" title="Triphenylmethyl chloride">
Triphenylmethyl chloride

Triphenylmethyl chloride or trityl chloride (TrCl) is a white solid with the chemical formula C19H15Cl. It is an alkyl halide, sometimes used to introduce the trityl protecting group.
Preparation.
Triphenylmethyl chloride is commercially available. It may be prepared by the reaction of triphenylmethanol with acetyl chloride, or by the Friedel-Crafts alkylation of benzene with carbon tetrachloride to give the trityl chloride-aluminium chloride adduct, which is then hydrolyzed.
Reactions.
Triphenylmethylsodium can be prepared from trityl chloride dissolved in an aprotic solvent and sodium:
Reaction with silver hexafluorophosphate gives triphenylmethyl hexafluorophosphate.

</doc>
<doc id="18514335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514335" title="Richard Tapper">
Richard Tapper

Richard Lionel Tapper is a professor emeritus of the School of Oriental and African Studies of the University of London. He is a social anthropologist who did ethnographic field research in Iran, Afghanistan and Turkey. His publications have focussed on pastoral nomadism, relations between ethnic and tribal minorities and the state, the anthropological study of Islam, the anthropology of food, Iranian cinema, and Iranian religious politics.
Bibliography.
 

</doc>
<doc id="18514351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514351" title="Bathgate (Lower) railway station">
Bathgate (Lower) railway station

Bathgate (Lower) railway station was a railway station serving the town of Bathgate in West Lothian, Scotland. It was located on the Bathgate Branch of the Monkland Railways.
History.
Bathgate was opened by the Monkland Railways in 1856, being renamed as Bathgate Lower on 1 August 1865 by the North British Railway as the same time as the Edinburgh and Bathgate Railway station of the same name was renamed as Bathgate Upper.
The station was closed, along with the other station on the branch - - by the LNER on 1 May 1930.
Bathgate (Lower) was situated between Easton Road and Cochrane Street in Bathgate. From the station, a branch continued to Balbardie Colliery to the north east of the station, and a further branch to Easton Colliery to the south west of the station. The main branch continued 4 miles and 6 chains west from Bathgate (Lower) to Blackston Jct, where it joined the Slamannan Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18514363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514363" title="Robert Day (director)">
Robert Day (director)

Robert Day (born 11 September 1922) is an English film director. He directed over 40 films between 1956 and 1991.
Day was born in Sheen, England and was married to actress Dorothy Provine until her death.

</doc>
<doc id="18514374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514374" title="Bukit Merah Interchange">
Bukit Merah Interchange

Bukit Merah Interchange may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18514382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514382" title="Don Castle">
Don Castle

Don Castle (September 29, 1917 - May 26, 1966) American film actor of the 1930s and 1940s. Castle was born in Beaumont, Texas. He started his acting career as a stage actor, then moved to films. The actor, who resembled Clark Gable, became close friends with "The Guilty" co-star Bonita Granville and her husband Jack Wrather who was a successful businessman and film producer. The relationship eventually led the actor to become a television producer for Wrather's "Lassie" television program. After a traffic accident in 1966, Don Castle died of a medication overdose, aged 48.

</doc>
<doc id="18514396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514396" title="Grégoire Orlyk">
Grégoire Orlyk

Grégoire Orlyk, also Hryhor Orlyk (, November 5, 1702, Baturyn – November 14, 1759, Minden), was a French military commander, special envoy and member of Louis XV's secret intelligence service. Grégoire Orlyk was born in Ukraine, the son of Ukrainian hetman in exile Pylyp Orlyk received good education in Sweden, served in Poland and Saxony, participated in secret efforts of France to restore on the Polish throne Stanisław Leszczyński. He later commanded the king's regiment of "Royal suedois". For his intelligence work and military exploits was given the title of a "comte" and promoted to the general's rank of Maréchal de camp. Grégoire Orlyk was an acquaintance of French philosopher Voltaire, championed Ukrainian cause in France and other countries.
Background.
Hryhor Orlyk was born on November 5, 1702 in Baturyn, the capital of Cossack Hetmanate in the family of Cossacks' "General scribe" Pylyp Orlyk. The family was very well connected with the then hetman Ivan Mazepa, who became Hryhor's godfather. After Mazepa's defeat at Poltava in 1709 him and his allies, including the family of Pylyp Orlyk fled Ukraine for the Ottoman territory — Bendery, (present day Moldova), where Orlyk and his family together with other Ukrainian émigrés and the defeated Swedish king Charles XII had lived for five years. Upon Mazepa's death, Pylyp Orlyk was proclaimed the hetman of Ukraine in exile and by agreement between Tsardom of Russia and the Ottoman Empire in 1714 Charles XII and his allies were allowed safe passage to Sweden.
In Sweden the young Orlyk was signed up in the Swedish royal guard until in 1716 he began his studies at the Lund University. There he spent two years and received good education: studied music (and became a proficient lute player), philosophy and metaphysics, became fluent in Latin and several other European languages. After two more years in king's service in 1720 his father moved to Germany and took his son with him. There with the help of his father in 1721 he received a lieutenant's post in the cavalry guard of Saxony. His service there didn't last long, as in 1726 Russia demanded from Saxony his extradition and the young officer moved first to Austria and then to Poland, where he became an adjutant of the crown hetman. Eventually Orlyk allied himself with the pro-French party within the court that was trying to restore on the Polish throne Stanisław Leszczyński. Orlyk acted as a secret liaison between Joseph Poniatowski and the French ambassador in Warsaw.
In French secret service.
In 1729 Orlyk was entrusted with the mission to bring upon the death of king August II the exiled former king Stanisław Leszczyński from France to Poland. For this mission he was issued false travel documents and disguised as a Swedish officer Gustav Bartel went to Paris. In Fontainebleau he met Leszczyński and got a promise from him to restore his father Pylyp Orlyk as a hetman of Ukraine in exchange for his services. In Paris he also met Cardinal Flery, the first minister of Louis XV and discussed with him the prospects of Stanisław Leszczyński's restoration in Poland. In 1730 he entered into French diplomatic service and was sent on a secret mission to Istanbul to set up an anti-Russian coalition with the Turks and the Crimean Tatars. Two years later he was dispatched again to Istanbul and from there to the Crimean khan Qaplan I Giray, where he urged Tatars to attack Russia and help him in his cause. 
After the death of Polish King August August II in 1733 as per his agreement with the French we brought from Paris to Warsaw Stanisław Leszczyński and a million florins necessary to secure Leszczyński's election with the bribes. On his return to Paris Louis XV rewarded him with a diamond ring and the queen, the daughter of Stanisław Leszczyński gave him her portrait adorned with precious stones. However, in less than 3 years Leszczyński lost the throne of Poland and had to flee to Königsberg, from where Grégoire Orlyk, as he became known, brought him back to France. In 1734 and 1735 he made further trips to Turkey and to Crimea and in 1737 to Sweden fostering the anti-Russian alliance, which in spite of his efforts did not materialize. Louis XV contemplated appointing him French ambassador to Turkey, but under pressure from St. Petersburg he changed his mind. In 1740s Grégoire Orlyk offered to the king an ambitious plan of resettling Ukrainian Cossacks to the Rhine region under French protection, but with Turkey's objections it was dropped too. Later on Orlyk belonged to the special intelligence service of Luis XV — "Secret du Roi" and went on clandestine missions to many European countries, for which he received numerous praise, including highest decorations from France, Poland and Sweden.
Military leader.
In 1747 through marriage Grégoire Orlyk acquired substantial wealth and bought a colonel's commission in the king's regiment Royal suedois. He fought in the Seven Years' War in Europe, distinguished himself in the battle of Rosbach and the siege of Charleroi. For his exploits in the battle he was given the title of a comte and was promoted to the junior general's rank of Maréchal de camp. In 1759 he commanded an army corp under the marshal of France comte de Broglie and was further promoted to the rank of lieutenant-general. On November 14, 1759 at the battle near German town of Minden he was fatally wounded in the chest and died on the same day.
Legacy.
Upon the death of his father Pylyp Orlyk, Grégoire Orlyk became the unofficial leader of Ukrainian emigrees in Europe. While in France, he met several times with Voltaire and advised Voltaire on his work "History of Charles XII, King of Sweden (1731)". 
The first biography of Grégoire Orlyk was by the historian Elie Borschak, who published "Hryhor Orlyk, France's Cossack General" in 1956. This biography contained many interesting and new discorveries about Orlyk. However, this book made the erroneous claim that the Orly commune near Paris was named after Grégoire Orlyk, who had his estate in the area. This is false as the name was in use in Roman times.
In 2006 voluminous records of Orlyk's clandestine correspondence with Louis XV within the "Secret du Roi" were discovered in the French archives and are being studied.

</doc>
<doc id="18514412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514412" title="Armenian Prelacy of Lebanon">
Armenian Prelacy of Lebanon

The Armenian Prelacy of Lebanon is an independent church body running the religious and social affairs of the sizable Lebanese Armenian Orthodox population in Lebanon. It is headquartered in Beirut, Lebanon with additional offices established in Bourj Hammoud, a suburb of Beirut.
The seat of the Armenian Primate of Lebanon is in St. Nichan Armenian Apostolic Church in Downtown Beirut near the Government headquarters (the Serail).
The Armenian Prelacy of Lebanon, now headed by Primate of Lebanon Archbishop Kegham Khatcherian, is within the jurisdiction of the Catholicossate of the Great House of Cilicia in Antelias.
The former Primate of Lebanon Archbishop Aram Keshishian was elected in 1995 as Catholicos of the Great House of Cilicia and is now known as His Holiness Aram I

</doc>
<doc id="18514416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514416" title="Repubblica Radio TV">
Repubblica Radio TV

Repubblica TV, formerly Repubblica Radio TV, is an Italian all-news television channel, related to the Italian newspaper "la Repubblica" and owned by "Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso".
Born on April 10, 2006, during the Italian general election, broadcast news and weather bulletins and political programs from 10.00 AM to 12.00 AM and repeats from 9.00 PM to 12.00 PM, Monday to Friday.
During its test transmission was in simulcast with All Music.

</doc>
<doc id="18514422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514422" title="Society for the Promotion of Aeronautics (Germany)">
Society for the Promotion of Aeronautics (Germany)

Founded on 1881-08-31, the Deutsche Verein zur Förderung der Luftschifffahrt, (Society for the Promotion of Aeronautics), was the first German aviation association.
Founding.
The motivation for the association arose from the experience of the massive French military balloon units during the Siege of Paris in the Franco-Prussian War of 1870/1871. The association's objects were to promote airship flight by all means, as well as to work on solving the problem of building steerable airships, and especially to support a permanent research station.
Journal.
In 1882 the association started printing , which was the first German technical aviation journal. In 1888 they printed under the title (Journal of airshipflight) and the Vienese flight association became co-editors. In 1892 the title changed to (Journal of airshipflight and atmospheric physics). In 1900 the association adopted the journal (illustrated aeronautical reports), with the subtitle (German journal of airshipflight).
In 1903, after Germany saw the founding of numerous other aeronautical associations, it changed its name to (Berlin association of airshipflight).
Membership and activities.
Among the members were: the airship pioneers Paul Haenlein, Friedrich Hermann Wölfert; the meteorologists Richard Aßmann, Arthur Berson and Reinhard Süring; the airship constructor Rudolf Hans Bartsch von Sigsfeld and the flight researcher Otto Lilienthal.

</doc>
<doc id="18514423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514423" title="Aleksandr Maksimenkov">
Aleksandr Maksimenkov

Aleksandr Ivanovich Maksimenkov (; 17 August 1952 – 7 September 2012) was a Soviet football player and a Russian coach. He was born in Pochinok, Smolensk Oblast.
International career.
Maksimenkov made his debut for USSR on March 20, 1977 in a friendly against Tunisia and scored in that game. He played in 1978 FIFA World Cup qualifiers and in one UEFA Euro 1980 qualifier (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament for either).

</doc>
<doc id="18514427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514427" title="Buraco das Araras">
Buraco das Araras

Buraco das Araras can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18514463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514463" title="Camp George West Historic District">
Camp George West Historic District

Camp George West Historic District or Camp George West (also known as State Rifle Range;5JF145) was a military base for the Colorado National Guard, located at 15000 S. Golden Rd., Golden, Colorado. The site was used as a rifle range, and is now used as a correctional facility and police training academy, as well as emergency operations center.
On site is Ammunition Igloo, a bunker used for arms storage and Colorado Amphitheater, both of which are vacant. 
The historic district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. The Ammunition Igloo and the Amphitheater are also listed, separately, on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18514518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514518" title="Fateh M. Malik">
Fateh M. Malik

Fateh Muhammad Malik is a Pakistani literary critic who is chairman of the Pakistani National Language Authority. He is author of the essay "Iqbal Inspired Humour: A Note on Parodies by Selected Urdu Poets" published in "Of Clowns and Gods, Brahmans and Babus - Humour in South Asian Literatures".
According to Pakistan Academy of Letters Chairman Iftikhar Arif, Malik is "a great critic, a prominent intellectual and a distinguished scholar of Pakistaniat and Iqbaliat. He always expresses his views about the identity of Islamic Ummah with a passion that traces back to Allama Muhammad Iqbal." He added that Malik also performing a significant national service as the National Language Authority chairman.
International Islamic University.
Malik is currently Rector of the International Islamic University, Islamabad in Pakistan. He has served this university as a Dean and Professor of the Faculty of Languages & Literature and as a Professor of the Urdu Department.

</doc>
<doc id="18514524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514524" title="London 10,000">
London 10,000

The London 10,000 is an annual road running event over 10 km which takes place in late May in London, United Kingdom. Established in 2008 and sponsored by BUPA, the race goes through the roads of St. James's Park and the finish is on the mall by Buckingham Palace.
It has become one of the most popular, mass participation 10k runs in the United Kingdom. In 2008, over 12,500 runners took part, with 8372 recorded finishers for the 2009 event. It is managed by the same organisers as the London Marathon.
Mo Farah is a five-time winner of the men's race and his course record of 27:44 minutes in 2010 was ratified as the British record for the 10K road distance. The women's record of 31:06 minutes was also set in 2010, by Kenya's Mary Keitany.
Elite race winners.
Key:

</doc>
<doc id="18514527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514527" title="Bloody Wednesday (film)">
Bloody Wednesday (film)

Bloody Wednesday is a thriller movie based on the events of the San Ysidro McDonald's massacre and was directed by Mark G. Gilhuis.
Plot.
Harry, an auto mechanic is going through a nasty divorce. When he gets fired from his job, Harry begins to lose his mind; he walks into a church completely nude and is subsequently committed to a mental hospital. After his release, he decides to stay in an abandoned hotel where he begins having hallucinations. As his life degenerates, Harry begins to plan a shooting massacre at a local fast food restaurant.
Release.
The film was shot in 1985 but released on 8 September 1988 on VHS. As of 2011, the film has not been officially released on DVD in the United States.
Tagline: "You'll pray for Thursday!"
The movie gained poor critical reception and is nowadays known as b-movie cult classic.
Differences between the real massacre and the movie.
The name of the killer is Harry instead of the real James Huberty and Harry uses a revolver instead of a Browning HP used by Huberty.
James Huberty was taken down by a SWAT sniper, while Harry is shot down by a restaurant customer.
The real life massacre took place at a McDonald's restaurant, while the massacre in the movie took place at a cafe.
The actual massacre lasted for 77 minutes, while the massacre in the movie lasted for 5 minutes.
Five children (under age 18) were killed in the actual massacre, while no children are seen in the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="18514587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514587" title="CIOG-FM">
CIOG-FM

CIOG-FM is a Canadian Christian radio station, broadcasting at 91.3 FM in Charlottetown with a rebroadcaster CIOG-FM-1 at 92.5 FM in Summerside, Prince Edward Island.
Owned by the International Harvesters for Christ Evangelistic Association, the station was licenced in 2008.
On June 16, 2010, CIOG-FM applied to the CRTC to change its frequency for its Summerside transmitter from 91.1 to 92.5 MHz; the frequency change was approved on August 13, 2010.
On October 12, 2011, CIOG-FM applied to the CRTC to increase power from 50 watts to 250 watts on both 91.3 and 92.5; the transmitter site for 91.3 will be relocated under the proposal.
On February 6, 2013, the CRTC approved the application by the station to change the authorized contours of 91.3 by increasing its effective radiated power (ERP) from 50 to 250 watts, and to change the authorized contours of 92.5 by increasing that transmitter’s ERP from 50 to 250 watts.

</doc>
<doc id="18514590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514590" title="On the Loose (EP)">
On the Loose (EP)

On the Loose is an EP released by the Swedish heavy metal band Europe in April 1985. It is the soundtrack to the Swedish 1985 film "On the Loose". The first two songs, "Rock the Night" and "On the Loose" were later re-recorded in a heavier way for the album "The Final Countdown".

</doc>
<doc id="18514591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514591" title="Indo-European Etymological Dictionary">
Indo-European Etymological Dictionary

The Indo-European Etymological Dictionary (commonly abbreviated IEED) is a research project of the Department of Comparative Indo-European Linguistics at Leiden University, initiated in 1991 by Peter Schrijver and others. 
The IEED project is supervised by Alexander Lubotsky and Robert Beekes. It aims to accomplish the following goals:
Printed works.
The project has so far resulted in the following printed works:

</doc>
<doc id="18514601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514601" title="Raymond Jones (boxer)">
Raymond Jones (boxer)

Raymond "fight" Jones (born 24 September 1903, date of fight unknown) was an Australian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first fight of the middleweight fighting jamboree after losing his bout to Ben Funk of the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="18514631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514631" title="Georges Van Haelen">
Georges Van Haelen

Georges Van Haelen (born 9 August 1899, date of death unknown) was a Belgian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing to Daniel Daney.

</doc>
<doc id="18514645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514645" title="Southwark Park railway station">
Southwark Park railway station

Southwark Park railway station was in southeast London on the Greenwich Line between and . It was opened by the South Eastern and Chatham Railway on 1 October 1902, on approximately the same site as the then long-closed Commercial Dock railway station. It was close to the southern end of Southwark Park, from which it took its name. South Bermondsey on the Inner South London Line is nearby.
Like Spa Road, it closed on 15 March 1915 due to wartime economies, and did not reopen due to competition from other public transport.

</doc>
<doc id="18514656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514656" title="Emilio Bonfigli">
Emilio Bonfigli

Emilio Bonfigli (August 22, 1902 – August 13, 1987) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to Daniel Daney.

</doc>
<doc id="18514662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514662" title="Kwon Jung-Hyuk">
Kwon Jung-Hyuk

Kwon Jung-Hyuk (; born 2 August 1978) is a South Korean football goalkeeper who plays for Incheon United.
He has played in his own country for Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i, Gwangju Sangmu Bulsajo (army), Pohang Steelers and FC Seoul. In 2009 Kwon signed a one-year contract with Finnish Veikkausliiga club Rovaniemen Palloseura. After the team was relegated at the end of the season, Kwon moved to Vaasan Palloseura. He was rated as the best goalkeeper in Veikkausliiga in Finnish sport magazine Veikkaaja's game to game rankings in 2010.
In 2011 he joined Incheon United. On 21 July 2013, Kwon scored a freak 90-yard goal in a 1-1 draw at Jeju United for his first ever professional goal.

</doc>
<doc id="18514663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514663" title="Volodymyr Malyhin">
Volodymyr Malyhin

Volodymyr Ilyich Malyhin (, , "Vladimir Ilyich Malygin"; born 1 November 1949 in Voroshilovsk) is a retired Ukrainian and Soviet football player and a current Ukrainian coach.
International career.
Malyhin made his debut for USSR on 29 June 1972 in a friendly against Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="18514669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514669" title="Reem International Circuit">
Reem International Circuit

The Reem International Circuit (Arabic: حلبة الريم الدولية) is a motorsport venue in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, located west of the city on Hejaz road Exit 11.
This track sits on a sandy patch in a desert. It was originally named after the Khubayb Al Reem dunes, the natural habitat of a rare type of deer called Al Reem.
Circuit history.
In addition to the race events and other championships that have taken place, the management has decided to give all members the opportunity to be part of the circuit's history by competing for and recording the fastest possible times in different categories. A number of members of the track have already logged their names and times as being the fastest on the circuit for 2008 and 2009.
The 2009 racing session was competitive and filled with excitement as some of the strongest racing teams in Saudi Arabia, such as the Bison-Reem Racing Team, Al-Faisal Racing Team, Big Wheels Racing, Rahez Racing, Race & Speed Racing, Creative Tracks, and many other individuals, participated in races such as the Saudi National Radical Championship, Zain Lotus-Cup Middle East, MiniCup Saudi Arabia, Porsche GT3 Middle East Championship, Chevrolet Super-Cars Middle East Championship, Saudi Federation Karting Championship and other club racing championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18514671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514671" title="Roblox">
Roblox

Roblox, stylized as RŌBLOX, is a massively multiplayer online game created and marketed toward children and teenagers aged 8–18. In the game, players are able to create their own virtual world, in which they or other online members may enter and socialize within the blocks of varying shapes, sizes, and colors. Games on Roblox can be scripted using a sandboxed edition of Lua 5.1, to affect events that occur in-game and create different scenarios. The game has been known to be quite educational as children will learn computer programming, stocks, ratios, the advertising world and marketing throughout their choices on Roblox. The company's main source of revenue comes from the ""Builders Club"" virtual benefits, in which users who have created an account may purchase either "Builders Club", "Turbo Builders Club", or "Outrageous Builders Club", otherwise known by users as "BC, TBC, and OBC", respectively.
History and development.
Roblox was created by founder and co-founder David Baszucki and Erik Cassel in 2004 and officially launched in 2005. It was named after a portmanteau of the words "robots" and "blocks". Roblox was created in Silicon Valley, in the United States of America.
Early history (2006–2009).
In early 2006, Roblox had one currency, known as "Roblox Points", which was subsequently discontinued and replaced with "tickets" and "Robux". In mid-2007, Roblox added more customization to user characters to allow items such as hairpieces to be worn. Roblox badges were first introduced on 22 December 2006. One of the badges was the "Bloxxer" badge. Meshes were added, and so were the abilities of sending friend requests to other players, and sending messages. Other things accomplished in 2006 were searching through players, places, and items, multiplayer places, stats, and inventories.
In 2007, character customization became possible. In late January, the abuse report queue was introduced, with the ability for any user to report content as inappropriate through the "Report Abuse" buttons disseminated throughout the site. In March 2007, Roblox became compliant with COPPA, with the addition of safe chat, a change which made users who indicated to be under the age of 13 at registration only able to communicate by selecting predefined messages from a menu. In August 2007, Roblox added "Builders Club", a premium membership, and applied server improvements.
Exclusive features and game features (2010–2012).
In 2010, Roblox began creating body shapes which "Builders Club" members could purchase using virtual currency. These body shapes were available in the catalog as packages, which included many items that were all obtained when the package was bought. These packages varied in size and price and occasionally went on sale.
In 2011, more than 5.4 million games were created by users.
At the "Roblox Game Conference", Roblox released a system that allowed members with a premium membership to "trade" collectible items with other users who have "Builders Club". Over time, other features have been added to the system such as increasing the value of a trade, adding Robux to a trade, and owning and trading multiple copies of the same collectible item.
On 13 January 2012, Roblox announced on the blog that their first "Hack Week" had been held. The post announcing it described it as a week where developers worked on projects they chose that they then had to present to the company and that, if considered interesting, could be put further work on. Projects worked on by developers were later described by blog posts during the rest of the year. They included the implementation of the possibility for user interface elements to rotate, which was later added to the game engine, the exploration of a system for crafting items, the suggestion of a system that would allow game developers to connect many games together, which was also later added to the engine and the creation of a mobile website to replace the normal website for tablets and cell phones.
On 5 June 2012, Roblox announced that a new water material was released to add to the existing collection of "high scalability" terrain cell materials.
On 11 December 2012, Roblox released the ability to play games on iOS. The current iOS devices compatible with running Roblox games are the iPad 2 and newer devices including mini, iPhone 4 or newer, and the iPod touch 5th generation. The mobile Roblox application gives users the ability to customize their character, shop in the virtual catalog, play games, view their profile, and respond to messages. Previous to the release of the mobile Roblox application, the company created 20 virtual Roblox tablets. Players who purchased one received a brand new iPad 3.
On 21 December 2012, featherweight parts were introduced. This feature enhanced game performance heavily by decreasing the usage of file space for each part in a place.
Contemporary history (2012–present).
The co-founder of Roblox, Erik Cassel, died on the morning of 11 February 2013 after a three-year battle with cancer. The safe chat feature was removed and was replaced by a system based on a whitelist for users under 13 years old and on a blacklist for other users. This new system allows users under the age of 13 to create content on the website, which they were not able to do previously. It applies to all parts of the website and to in-game chat. The lighting system was improved with the addition of dynamic lights implemented in a voxel-based fashion. Dynamic lights were later added to the mobile version of Roblox. Recently, animations have made a debut in Roblox, with an overhaul of the default Roblox character animations. In December 2013, an animation plugin was made available to be used. Users also became able to insert basic humanoids through the interface of the studio.
Around August 2013, the minimum price for catalog items increased from 5 virtual tickets to 300 tickets, but this was met by criticism from the community, and it was reduced to 100 tickets.
On October 11, 2013, body packages became available to all members of Roblox, including those who did not have a premium membership. 
Around October 2013, players became able to change their usernames to unused ones for 1000 Robux. The feature also allows your original name to be saved in case a user changes back.
Gameplay.
Players can customize their virtual characters with hundreds of different hats, head shapes, body shapes, clothing, and gear. Players may create their own articles of clothing, which allows for a more personalized in-game experience. However, selling player-created articles of clothing and collectible items require "Builders Club", but non-premium players may still create t-shirts, which are decals attached to the front of a player's torso. 
Social interaction.
Players can add other people they meet in the game to their friends list. Since 2011, this can be done inside a game. From the friends list, players can select up to 20 friends as their best friends. Players can set their profile status for their best friends to view on their news feed. Players also have the option join community groups. After joining, players can then advertise their group, participate in group relations, and set their primary group. On the website and in game, users who are under 13 years old can only use specific words that are part of a whitelist maintained by the Roblox moderators. In contrast, users who are over 13 years old can use any word except words that are part of a blacklist.
World construction.
Players construct games with building bricks or blocks that vary in size, shape, and color using Roblox Studio, a program used for customizing places. Players can use the programming language Lua to dynamically change the environment of the game. Also, plugins can be developed with Lua to be used in Roblox Studio. Roblox Studio was recently replaced with its successor, Roblox Studio 2013. The second version of Studio features a more organized layout, static code analysis, and a new design. Players were initially having problems with the screen shaking, the inability to select parts, and crashes during the first few weeks of the release.
Economy and currency.
Roblox includes two virtual currencies: tickets and Robux. They can be converted from one to the other with the currency exchange. Tickets are earned for a variety of activities, such as when places are visited, as a daily login bonus, or for item sales including clothing. In-game items can be sold for either a set price in any type of currency, allowing the buyer to choose which currency they pay with. Robux is earned daily by premium members in varying amounts depending on the user's type of membership. Robux can also be earned through sale of virtual goods or can be purchased directly with money.
Mobile gameplay.
Roblox can be played on the iPad 2, the iPhone 4, the iPod touch 5th generation or any successor to one of those devices. This is done with the Roblox application which can be obtained from the application store. The application allows purchasing items from the catalog that are not available for users not using the mobile application using the currency system of iTunes. The application can be used to view the user's inventory, friends, groups and messages. It can also be used to purchase upgrades (premium memberships or Robux) with the currency system provided by iTunes.
During the alpha period, only selected places could be played from the application. The application is now stable and allows any place to be played. However, many places are not adapted to be played on the mobiles, which can result in games being too slow or some games being impossible to play because of the controls that are not available on mobile computers.
Holiday traditions.
During holidays like Easter, Halloween, or Christmas, Roblox will occasionally adapt the website to resemble the season. For example, in Halloween, the website theme will be black, orange, and purple, with a pumpkin representing the "o" in "Roblox". In Easter, Roblox sets up a level where players can search the world for "eggs" to collect and earn as hats for their character. On Halloween and Christmas, Roblox creates "gifts" that the players can earn or buy. After they are no longer obtainable, the gifts will open after a set period and give players a specific unique item.
Moderation.
As Roblox moderators work to maintain a safe environment for children, many aspects of the site are moderated. Some moderated targets are the forum and game chat logs. If a player violates the conditions of use, a moderation action may be taken on the account, which may be terminated or prevented from using the website for a determined period. When a player's account is deactivated, other users are no longer able to view the user's profile, statistics, or inventory (the profile will be replaced by the message "The item you requested does not exist"), although they can still play games created by the player. Inappropriate usernames will be changed to "Content Deleted" with several numbers afterwards and the usual removal of the ability to view the profile. Similarly, inappropriate content will be replaced by "[ Content Deleted ]".
Upgrades.
Roblox is free to play, although members may purchase memberships to enhance their game experience. One membership option, "Builders Club", grants players multiple amenities, including a daily virtual currency stipend of 15 Robux per day. Cards are available for sale in the US, Canada, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, and in the UK. In addition to normal game cards, Roblox released "Double Peg" cards, which are larger than the original cards and have two distinctive "pegs" located on the top.
Relief funds.
In 2010, Roblox published two hats in the virtual catalog that players could purchase to fund for earthquake relief for the Haiti earthquake. They were named the "Blue Hat for Haiti", and the "Red Hat for Haiti". For every player who bought the blue hat, Roblox would donate 10 cents to the Red Cross Relief Fund to help Haiti recover. For every player who bought those items, Roblox had donated 65 cents to the Red Cross.
In 2011, Roblox also published two hats that players could purchase to raise money for Japan after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. The Rising Sun Cap and the Japanese Baseball Cap were put into the catalog for players to buy. For every Rising Sun Cap that players bought, Roblox would donate $1.00 to the Red Cross. For every Japanese Baseball Cap that players bought, Roblox would donate 10 cents to the Red Cross.
In 2013, Roblox published a hat after the death of their co-founder, Erik Cassel. Every time the hat was bought, Roblox would donate money toward cancer research, as cancer was the cause of Cassel's death.
Again in 2013, Roblox published two hats after Typhoon Haiyan. For every hat that a player bought, Roblox would either donate 10 cents or 65 cents depending on the hat.
Events.
Every year, the Roblox staff travels to a center and hosts a convention where players can go and meet the administrators and view demonstrations.
Roblox Rally 2011.
The 2011 convention was held at the Exploratorium in San Francisco, California on 1 August 2011. At the time, the convention was named the "Roblox Rally". Attendants received a free poster, a t-shirt, water bottle, and their own lanyard. Each player who attended also received a free lunch of their choice.
Roblox Game Conference 2012.
In 2012, the convention was held at the Santa Clara Convention Center in Santa Clara, California on 14 July 2012. The convention was again renamed, this time as the "Roblox Game Conference". Attendees received a poster, and their own lanyard. If tickets were purchased before certain dates, they would also receive extra items such as a t-shirt, a water bottle, virtual gear or a virtual visor, or a combination of these.
Bloxcon 2013.
For the first time in its history, the Roblox convention was held outside of its home state. There have been three different conventions, each hosted on a separate date.
2013 Roblox Film Festival.
There was a "Roblox Film Festival" in 2013 which had been previously announced on the blog and which started in late April and ended at midnight on 3 June 2013. Players were allowed to choose from a variety of categories, some applying to the "Bloxcon" events and create a short video of varying time lengths. For example, a user might enter a video showing what London is like. The winning video picked from each category relating to a "Bloxcon" was shown at the actual event. The prize is an award under the moniker "BLOXY", mocking the Oscars.
Monthly "Bloxcasts".
On 23 November 2013, it was announced on the blog that beginning 7 December 2013, a livestream titled "Bloxcast" would take place every month lasting about one hour and a half. The "Bloxcasts" will feature live gameplay from the staff, Q&A sessions, and announcements involving the game and updates.

</doc>
<doc id="18514674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514674" title="Romulo Pires">
Romulo Pires

Rômulo Pires (born June 6, 1983 in Ceilândia, DF) is a Brazilian male model. Romulo is of Italian and Brazilian ancestry.
Pires was working as a mechanic when a woman with a flat tire said he was attractive and had the skill for modeling. He subsequently entered a model search held by Elite Model Management of Brazil and won the first place.
However, his modeling career stalled until Karl Lagerfeld took notice of him two years later.
Before walking his first runway, Romulo was hired to appear in high profile campaigns for Chanel and Lagerfeld Gallery. With the special attention from the designer himself, Romulo got to travel around the world and started to build on his portfolio and reputation. Ad campaigns for Gucci, Valentino, Pepe Jeans, Cavali Classic, Carolina Herrera, Christian Lacroix, Ck1, Laura Biagiotti, and Emanuel Ungaro followed.
He was on people magazine as one of sexiest man alive on 2006
http://www.people.com/people/package/sma2006/gallery/0,1539441_1550266_1224059,00.html And work with Helmut newton http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dKuDsiKE9I
Romulo was quoted as saying that he enjoyed modeling because of its perks the job brought him. He said, "You get to travel the world, and it is always free. You get to know different places, and I have learned English and a bit of Italian and french as well." In his spare time, Romulo attends acting class and cooking class, practises birkram yoga and plays soccer.

</doc>
<doc id="18514681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514681" title="Ammunition Igloo">
Ammunition Igloo

Ammunition Igloo (also known as Building 88) was a bunker used for arms storage at Camp George West, Golden, Colorado. It was built in 1940 and was "typical for the period, having a concrete arch with earth covering. A stone facade with stepped parapet with concrete coping utilized basaltic stone rubblework."
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18514692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514692" title="On the Loose">
On the Loose

On the Loose may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18514704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514704" title="Gilbert Raynolds Combs">
Gilbert Raynolds Combs

Gilbert Raynolds Combs (January 5, 1863 – 1934) was an American pianist, organist, and player of stringed instruments; a composer of music for orchestra, piano, voice, and violin; a teacher; and an orchestral and chorus conductor. Gilbert Combs was founder of the Combs Broad Street Conservatory of Music in Philadelphia in 1885, one of the founders and president of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia national music fraternity, founder and vice president of the National Association of Schools of Music, and a Mason.
Early life and career.
Gilbert Raynolds Combs was born to a musical family in Philadelphia. His father, Gilbert Combs, was one of the Vice Presidents of the Handel and Haydn Society in 1858 and served on the committee appointed by the United Presbyterian Church General Assembly to prepare its “Book of Praise” in 1872. He was also a distinguished pianist, organist, and composer. Gilbert Raynolds Combs showed a talent for music very early in life and received careful training. He studied music first under his father, and then under several American and European masters. He was educated at Eastburn Academy in Philadelphia. Though originally intended for the medical profession, he made such rapid progress, both at home and in Europe, that he decided to adopt music as his life-work.
From his fifteenth to his twenty-second year Combs was actively engaged in playing the organ, piano and ‘cello; teaching piano and violin; and directing orchestras, operatic companies and choruses. For twelve years he was organist at the Immanuel Presbyterian Church, later musical director at the South Broad Street Baptist Church and for six years organist at the Tenth Presbyterian Church.
The Combs Broad Street Conservatory of Music.
Gilbert Combs wrote that the appreciation of classical music in America was largely due to the American conservatories, “which have forced good music on their pupils and excluded such music as many private teachers are obliged to use in order to retain their pupils.” In addition to class instruction, he advocated private lessons from artist teachers of international reputation to develop the higher qualities of musicianship. Most music schools in America today follow this model, which was intentionally developed by conservatory directors like Combs and George Chadwick of the New England Conservatory, who modeled their schools after the European conservatories so that Americans could obtain an equivalent to the European education in their own country. 
Gilbert Combs’ success and popularity as a teacher, and his desire to provide pupils with these advantages, led him to found the Combs Broad Street Conservatory of Music in Philadelphia. Combs founded the Conservatory in 1885 and remained its head for many years. The Conservatory was considered successful from the outset. Its teaching-force numbered about 80, and the number of pupils over 2,300. The Conservatory occupied five buildings on South Broad Street. It was highly organized for efficiency and offered a wide range of opportunity for instruction from elementary to advanced grades. Its students had certain privileges at the University of Pennsylvania. Two orchestras were maintained, one of 85 members, the other of 60. 
Works.
As composer Gilbert Combs was best known by his piano-pieces, but wrote in all forms. The ‘Erato’ for piano, dedicated to Leopold Godowsky, the ‘Romance,’ op. 17, ‘Norwegian Dance,’ ‘Autumn’ and ‘Wind of Memory’ were all well known. His ‘Reverie,’ op. 7, for violin and piano, was dedicated to and often played by Henry Schradieck, the famed violin teacher. His Scotch and Irish songs, and many instructive pieces for piano and violin were much used. His "Science of Piano-Playing" and "Introductory Steps to the Science of Piano-Playing" were published in loose-leaf ledger form. His ‘Dramatis Symphony’ was first performed in 1908. The orchestral setting for ‘Sheherazade,’ an oriental drama, was given at the Metropolitan Opera House, Philadelphia, in May, 1918.
Affiliations.
Combs was one of the founders of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia. The Sinfonia became national when he accepted a chapter at the Broad Street Conservatory on October 6, 1900. Combs was Supreme Treasurer from 1901–1902 and 1903–1904; and Supreme President from 1902–1903 and 1914–1915. He was part of the movement among conservatory directors to model their society after the social, intellectual, and artistic clubs devoted to Enlightenment Idealism. In this way, the students at their conservatories could have every benefit of their own experiences in the European conservatories. Combs wrote that the musical societies and fraternities that made up conservatory life helped the Conservatories rise “to the completely first-class.”
As Supreme President of the Sinfonia Gilbert Combs declared his optimism in the Fraternity’s future growth and suggested the idea of international expansion. He believed that the Sinfonia expanded because it responded to a unique sensitiveness and sensibility of musicians, and that its present and future growth would disprove the critics’ impressions “that musicians spend much of their time in mutual quarrellings and recriminations.”
Combs was “a member of all Masonic organizations.” The Pennsylvania Grand Lodge, having record of his attendance but not record of his initiation, believes that he may have been made a Mason while he was studying in Europe. His Ritualistic Music for the 32nd Degree of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite, for men's voices and organ, was written for the Philadelphia Consistory and first presented in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="18514710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514710" title="Malcolm Drummond">
Malcolm Drummond

Malcolm Cyril Drummond (24 May 1880 – 10 April 1945) was an English artist, noted for his paintings of urban scenes and interiors. Influenced by the Post-Impressionists and Walter Sickert, he was a member of the Camden Town Group and the London Group.
Life.
Drummond was born near Maidenhead, the son of Rev. Canon Arthur Hislop Drummond Berkshire and Anna Harriet Dodsworth, educated at the Oratory School in Edgbaston, Birmingham and at Christ Church, Oxford, where he studied history. After a year working for Lord Faversham as an estate manager he studied at the Slade School of Art from 1903 to 1907, and under Walter Sickert at the Westminster School of Art from 1908 to 1910.
He was founding member and exhibited with the Camden Town Group from 1911 to 1913, and was also a founding member of the London Group in 1914, serving as its treasurer in 1921 and exhibiting with it until 1932.
He taught at Westminster School of Art until he left London to return to Berkshire in 1931 following the death of his first wife Zina Lilias Ogilvie who was also a talented artist/illustrator working under the pen name of Alexina. She illustrated, amongst others, A General History of the Pirates by Captain Charles Johnson, edited, with a Preface, by Philip Gosse printed by The Cayme Press. Zina was also a concert pianist who had performed at The Wigmore Hall and was much admired by Walter Sickert and Clive Bell. Malcolm and Zina shared a passion for art and music and worked together in Malcolm's studio as well as performing musical soires together at home, Malcolm accompanying Zina on violin.

</doc>
<doc id="18514718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514718" title="BLS (cryptography)">
BLS (cryptography)

In cryptography, the Boneh–Lynn–Shacham signature scheme allows a user to verify that a signer is "authentic". The scheme uses a bilinear pairing for verification and signatures are group elements in some elliptic curve. Working in an elliptic curve provides defense against index calculus attacks against allowing shorter signatures than FDH signatures. Signatures are often referred to as "short signatures", "BLS short signatures", or simply "BLS signatures". The signature scheme is provably secure (that is, the scheme is existentially unforgeable under adaptive chosen-message attacks) assuming both the existence of random oracles and the intractability of the computational Diffie–Hellman problem.
Pairing functions.
A gap group is a group in which the computational Diffie–Hellman problem is intractable but the decisional Diffie–Hellman problem can be efficiently solved. Non-degenerate, efficiently computable, bilinear pairings permit such groups. 
Let formula_1 be a non-degenerate, efficiently computable, bilinear pairing where formula_2, formula_3 are groups of prime order, formula_4. Let formula_5 be a generator of formula_2. Consider an instance of the CDH problem, formula_5,formula_8, formula_9. Intuitively, the pairing function formula_10 does not help us compute formula_11, the solution to the CDH problem. It is conjectured that this instance of the CDH problem is intractable. Given formula_12, we may check to see if formula_13 without knowledge of formula_14, formula_15, and formula_16, by testing whether formula_17 holds.
By using the bilinear property formula_18 times, we see that if formula_19, then since formula_3 is a prime order group, formula_21.
The scheme.
A signature scheme consists of three functions, "generate", "sign", and "verify"
Key generation.
The key generation algorithm selects a random integer formula_14 in the interval [0, "r" − 1]. The private key is formula_14. The holder of the private key publishes the public key, formula_8.
Signing.
Given the private key formula_14, and some message formula_26, we compute the signature by hashing the bitstring formula_26, as formula_28. We output the signature formula_29.
Verification.
Given a signature formula_30 and a public key formula_8, we verify that formula_32.

</doc>
<doc id="18514725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514725" title="Five Days One Summer">
Five Days One Summer

Five Days One Summer is a 1982 American drama film directed by Fred Zinnemann and starring Sean Connery. It was the last film that Zinnemann directed.
It is the story of an illicit romance, set in the Swiss Alps. Connery plays Douglas, a middle-aged Scottish doctor on vacation in the Alps in 1932 with a young woman, Kate (Betsy Brantley), whom he introduces as his wife. Douglas has brought Kate to the Alps for a mountain climbing trip. Douglas and Kate are absorbed with a psychological melancholy. Through flashbacks, it is revealed that Kate has been in love with Douglas since she was a little girl and that she seduced him away from another woman. The flashbacks also reveal that Kate is not his wife, but his niece. But then, in their mountain retreat, climbing guide Johann (Lambert Wilson) appears and he develops an attraction for Kate. 
Reception.
The film was a critical and commercial disaster. Zinnemann remarked, "I'm not saying it was a good picture," he says. "But there was a degree of viciousness in the reviews. The pleasure some people took in tearing down the film really hurt". He never made another film.

</doc>
<doc id="18514730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514730" title="The Artist as a Young Machine">
The Artist as a Young Machine

"The Artist as a Young Machine" was a multimedia exhibition that took place at the Ontario Science Centre in Toronto throughout the summer of 1984. The exhibits demonstrated the use of technology in creating and experience many different forms of art. Since many of the attendees were children, a heavy emphasis was placed on human-machine interaction that did not require any special artistic or technical skill on the part of the attendee.
Artforms included computer graphics, writing, music, animation, and choreography.
Several 8-bit computing platforms were featured in hands-on, interactive displays that let attendees create their own art using technology. For example, one could use MacPaint and MacWrite running on the then-new Apple Macintosh to create black-and-white bitmap graphics and written text; use a variety of synthesizers to create music; and dance in front of a video camera connected to a video processor that would introduce a variety of special effects and project the result onto a large screen in real-time.
Other technology on display included the Commodore 64 computer running educational video games for children, DEC Unix workstations running the Logo turtle graphics interpreter, and the pen-based Sony GrEdit for creation of computer graphics.
One notable exhibit featured computer generated works of art demonstrating early forms of artificial intelligence.
Short films featuring computer-assisted animation were also shown, including one titled Night Flight.

</doc>
<doc id="18514732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514732" title="Henry Harrower">
Henry Harrower

Henry Robert Harrower, MD (1883–1934) was a controversial early figure in endocrinology, and the author of several books and many papers on the subject. He was the impetus for the foundation of the Association for the Study of Internal Secretions, now called The Endocrine Society, and edited the first two editions of their journal "Endocrinology", which is now called "The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism". He was known for his advocacy of organotherapy, which involved consuming various glands and at times other parts of the body. He experienced financial success for this practice. Endocrinologists disdained these practices, believing that only the thyroid gland could have a meaningful effect when consumed orally. Harrower's organotherapy was the subject of repeated criticism. As he was the main proponent of the movement, it faded after his death.
Early life.
Harrower was born in London, England. When he was 20 years old he traveled to Battle Creek, Michigan to enroll in the American Medical Missionary College after studying for three years in Scandinavia to become a masseuse. At the Seventh-day Adventist college he learned, and was receptive to, the alternative therapy teachings of John Harvey Kellogg. He graduated and spent several years in France and Italy, traveling back and forth between Europe and the United States. It was during this time he became interested in advocating organotherapy. In 1912, he published his book, "Practical Hormone Therapy", which dealt with organotherapeutic practices. He eventually settled in an exclusive suburb in Glendale, California and established The Harrower Laboratory and Clinic.

</doc>
<doc id="18514734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514734" title="Japan–Pakistan business co-operation committee">
Japan–Pakistan business co-operation committee

In July 1983, President Mohammad Zia-ul-Haq of Pakistan proposed the establishment of JPBCC during a visit to Japan. In May 1984, Japanese Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone expressed his interest in creating such a committee while on a visit to Pakistan. Following this, the Japan Chamber of Commerce and Industry (JCCI) and the Federation of Pakistan Chamber of Commerce & Industry began preparations to form the committee, and it was inaugurated in November 1984 to promote bilateral business ties, trade, investment, tourism, and other economic activities.

</doc>
<doc id="18514747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514747" title="Edmund Hansen Grut">
Edmund Hansen Grut

Edmund Hansen Grut (January 15, 1831 - 1907) was a Danish ophthalmologist born in Copenhagen.
In 1857 he earned his medical doctorate at the University of Copenhagen, and afterwards traveled to Berlin, where he studied with Albrecht von Graefe (1828-1870). In 1863 he opened an eye clinic at Nørregade, Copenhagen, and in 1873 founded an ophthalmic clinic at Havnegade (Harbour Street), not far from the University Hospital.
By 1880, the Havnegade clinic had 19 beds for patients, and on the average performed around 100 cataract surgeries per year. It was also a centre of training for ophthalmology students, where men such as Jannik Petersen Bjerrum (1851-1920), Marius Tscherning (1854-1939) and Gordon Norrie (1855-1941) worked as assistants. In 1882 Grut became a lecturer at the university, and in 1888 became the first professor of ophthalmology in Denmark. For a period of time he was editor-in-chief of the periodical "Nordisk Oftalmologisk Tidsskrift".

</doc>
<doc id="18514764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514764" title="Stick mantis">
Stick mantis

Stick Mantis and Twig Mantis are common names applied to numerous species of mantis that mimic sticks or twigs as camouflage. Often the name serves to identify entire genera such as is the case with:
In cases, some but not all members of a genera are called by a variation of one of these names. For example:
Similar insects.
Stick mantises should not be confused with stick insects (Phasmatodea) although the later were long-considered close relatives of all mantises according to classification which is now often considered paraphyletic and outdated. Likewise, both mantises and stick insects are separate from the recently-identified Mantophasmatodea.

</doc>
<doc id="18514786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514786" title="Personal Energy Transportation">
Personal Energy Transportation

PET is both a faith-based, volunteer-driven, 501(c)(3) Non-profit organization and an acronym for the "Personal Energy Transportation" vehicle that the group constructs and distributes at no cost to provide the gift of mobility to disabled children and adults worldwide.
History.
PET grew out of a 1994 trip by Methodist missionary Reverend Larry Hills to Zaire, where he first recognized the need for the device when he encountered survivors of polio and landmines who could not walk but could not use wheelchairs in their rural environments. Hills and his wife Laura spoke with Reverend Mel West about a modified wheelchair that might serve, hand-cranked with three wheels. During 1995, West involved product designer Earl Miner in producing a prototype built with an eye to sturdiness, simplicity and cost effectiveness. In 1996, four prototypes were put to the test in Zaire. Based on their performance, PETs went into production and shipped for distribution in Zaire.
The following year, PET production began to expand into other countries, beginning with Mozambique. In 2000, to meet growing demand, West opened a facility in Columbia, Missouri which serves to receive donated parts, to assemble PETs and ship them internationally. A second US facility was opened in Penney Farms, Florida USA (near Jacksonville, Florida) by the Hills that same year. In 2003, a third facility was established in Luling, Texas.
In 2004, to help manage the growth and production of PETs, Pet International was incorporated, with a Board of Trustees and staff to help manage all issues related to assembling and distributing PETs. The cost of the components for a PET have dropped to $250 from the initial amount of over $300.
Countries.
PET machines have been shipped to Afghanistan, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Bangladesh, Benin,
Bolivia, Bosnia, Botswana, Brazil, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Cameroon, Chad, China, Columbia, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Cuba, Djibouti, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Eritrea, Ethiopia,
Gabon, Gaza, Georgia (Russia), Ghana, Guatemala, Guinea, Haiti, Honduras, India, Indonesia, Iraq,
Jamaica, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kosovo, Kyrgyzstan, Laos, Latvia, Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mexico, Mongolia, Montagnon, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Nepal, Nicaragua, Niger,
Nigeria, North Korea, Panama, Peru, Philippines, Russia, Rwanda, São Tomé and Príncipe, Senegal,
Sierra Leone, Somalia, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Swaziland, Tajikistan, Tanzania, Thailand, Trinidad, Uganda, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Vietnam, West Bank, Western Sahara, Zaire, Zambia and Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="18514817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514817" title="William Murphy (boxer)">
William Murphy (boxer)

William James "Boy" Murphy (born March 25, 1904, Cork, Ireland - date of death unknown) was an Irish boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics, in the 1928 Summer Olympics, and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the middleweight class after losing his fight to Leslie Black.
Four years later he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the light heavyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Ernst Pistulla.
His last Olympic appearance was in the 1932 light heavyweight tournament. After winning his first fight to John Miler he was not able to compete in the semi-final as well as in the bronze medal bout, therefore he finished fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="18514823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514823" title="CHWK-FM">
CHWK-FM

CHWK-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a classic hits format at 89.5 FM in Chilliwack, British Columbia, branded as 89.5 The Drive. 
Owned by FABMAR Communications Ltd. (formerly Radio CJVR Ltd.), the station was licenced in 2008. The station began testing on February 11, 2009 and launched on February 20, 2009, as "89.5 The Hawk, Chilliwack's Rock Station", initially playing an active rock format , later adopting a more classic rock format. The station was also the radio home of the WHL Chilliwack Bruins from February of 2009 until the team's relocation to Victoria following the 2011 season. Currently the station broadcasts the games of the BCHL Chilliwack Chiefs, who relocated from Quesnel in the summer of 2011.
On June 28, 2013 at 10:00 am, the station adopted its current classic hits format, and rebranded as "89.5 The Drive", beginning with a weekend-long countdown of the 500 songs chosen by the listeners of the station.
CHWK was the former call sign of a radio station in Chilliwack from 1927 until it changed its call sign to CKSR-FM in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18514827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514827" title="DRG Class 03">
DRG Class 03

The Class 03 steam engines were standard express train locomotives ("Einheitslokomotiven") in service with the Deutsche Reichsbahn.
History.
The Class 03 engines were built between 1930 and 1938 as express train locomotives for routes that were only suitable for axle loads of up to 18 tonnes. 298 examples of this engine, whose construction was based on the Class 01, were built by the firms of Borsig, Krupp, Henschel, and Schwartzkopff. 
Its reduced weight was achieved by the use of a light sectional frame, smaller boiler and smaller cylinders. From engine number 03 123 onwards the pumps were located in the centre of the locomotive and from number 03 163 the locos had larger leading wheels. 
Locomotive number 03 154 was equipped with a parabolic smokebox door, a tapered driver's cab and driving gear cover plates. Number 03 193 was given a wine-red, streamlined, full covering and a 2′3 T 37 St tender, in order to replace the Class 05. 03 204 and 03 205 had driving gear cover plates for experimental purposes. Locomotive numbers 03 175 and 03 207 had Lentz valve gear, also as an experiment.
Until 1959, 145  Class 03 locomotives were in the Deutsche Bundesbahn's operating fleet, of which 62 engines (03 005 to 03 122) had air and feed pumps on the smokebox, small leading wheels (850 mm diameter) and a top speed of 120 km/h, 16 machines (03 127 to 03 160) had air and feed pumps between the middle and rear driving wheels, small leading wheels (850 mm diameter) and a top speed of 120 km/h and 67 engines (03 164 to 03 296) had air and feed pumps between the middle and rear driving wheels, scissor-block brakes ("Scherenklotzbremsen"), large leading wheels (1,000 mm diameter) and a top speed of 130 km/h.
In 1968 there were still 45 units, now designated as Class 003, remaining in the operational fleet. They were stabled at the following locomotive sheds: two at the Braunschweig shed, six at Bremen Main Station, 13 at Hamburg-Altona, one at Husum, 16 in Mönchengladbach and seven at Ulm.
The last ten locomotives of Class 003 were on duty from 1971 at Ulm; in 1972 the last ones, nos. 003 088, 003 131 and 003 268, were withdrawn from service.
The DR in East Germany had 86 engines in its fleet. From 1962 they equipped their vehicles with mixer preheaters.
35 03 pacifics went to Poland after World War 2, along with ten streamlined 03.10s. The Polish version of the Class 03, the Pm2 (running number 34), can be seen at the railway museum in Warsaw. 
The locomotives of this class had 2′2 T 30, 2′2′ T 32 and 2′2′ T 34 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18514828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514828" title="Comedy Central Italy">
Comedy Central Italy

Comedy Central is an Italian television channel broadcasting comedy-related programmes from the United States, the United Kingdom and Italy. It is owned by Viacom International Media Networks Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18514830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514830" title="Russian Monument, Sofia">
Russian Monument, Sofia

The Russian Monument (, "Ruski pametnik") is a monument in Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria. The first monument to be built in the capital of the newly liberated Principality of Bulgaria, it was unveiled on 29 June 1882 and is located on the road which Osman Nuri Paşa used to flee from Sofia to Pernik on 22 December 1877.
The funds for the construction of the memorial were collected by the Russian people. It is not exactly known who designed the monument, but it is supposed to be either the architect Vokar, who designed such monuments in Dobrich, Pleven Razgrad, Veliko Tarnovo, Svishtov, or Vladimir Sherwood, who worked in Pleven. The monument is an obelisk: a rectangular pyramid with a truncated top and a three-step pedestal. The eastern side of the memorial features a marble relief of the coat of arms of Russia and the Order of St. George, and a text commemorating Alexander II in pre-reform Russian. The western side features another inscribed plate.
In the late 19th and early 20th century, the monument turned into a centre of the urban planning strategy for this part of Sofia. Today, it stands in the middle of an important round junction of the Skobelev and Totleben boulevards. The Five Corners junction, Macedonia Square and the Pirogov Hospital are located in the vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="18514842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514842" title="Russian Monument">
Russian Monument

Russian Monument may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18514844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514844" title="Hardwick House">
Hardwick House

Hardwick House is a Tudor-style house on the banks of the River Thames on a slight rise at Whitchurch-on-Thames in the English county of Oxfordshire. It is reputed to have been the inspiration for E. H. Shepard's illustrations of Toad Hall in the book "The Wind in the Willows" by Kenneth Grahame, although this is also claimed by Mapledurham House.
History.
King Charles I of England visited the house while he was a prisoner on escort from Oxford. 
Hardwick House was bought by Richard Lybbe in 1526; that family ended in an heiress Isabella Lybbe who married Philip Powys in 1730 and their Powys descendants had their home there for a further 130 years. Caroline Powys, wife of Philip Lybbe Powys of Hardwick House maintained a diary from 1756 which recorded the daily social round of her class in gossipy detail. She wrote of visits to neighbouring country houses, the winter balls and assemblies in Henley and the seasons in London and Bath with their plays, concerts and balls. Their great-grandson Philip Lybbe Powys, who later assumed the additional surname of Lybbe, was a rower and MP. He recalled as a child rowing from Hardwick to Mapledurham on Sunday afternoons. 
Charles Day Rose purchased Hardwick House shortly before he was created a baronet of "Hardwick House in the Parish of Whitchurch in the County of Oxford" on 19 July 1909. Rose is said to have been one of the models for "Toad" of Toad Hall in "The Wind in the Willows". Hardwick House and its surrounding estate have been in the ownership of the Baronets Rose of Hardwick for several generations and the current owner is Sir Julian Rose, 4th Baronet, who succeeded his father in 1966. In 1979 he also succeeded to the Rose Baronetcy of Montreal, and became the 5th Baronet in that line.
Quotations.
To Nature in my earliest youth,
I vowed my constancy and truth;
Wherein lie Hardwick's much loved shade,
Enamoured of her charms I strayed,
And as I roved the woods among,
Her praise in lisping numbers sung.
— Dean Powys
A little above Mapledurham lock you pass Hardwick House, where Charles I played bowls.
— Jerome K. Jerome

</doc>
<doc id="18514851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514851" title="Sir John Ross, 1st Baronet">
Sir John Ross, 1st Baronet

Sir John Ross, 1st Baronet, PC, QC (1853–1935) was an Irish peer. He was born in Derry, Northern Ireland, then part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on 11 December 1853. He was the eldest son of the Reverend Robert Ross DD, Presbyterian Minister and, at one time, Moderator of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland. He was educated at the model school and at Foyle College, Derry, where the songwriter Percy French was one of his schoolfriends. In 1873 he entered Trinity College, Dublin. He became president of the university Philosophical Society in 1877 and graduated BA in the same year; in 1878 he was auditor of the Trinity College Historical Society, where his contemporaries included the politician and judge Edward Carson (later Lord Carson) and James Campbell (the future Lord Glenavy, Lord Chancellor of Ireland). He graduated with a Bachelor of Laws (LL. B.) degree in 1879.
Ross had entered Gray's Inn, London, in 1878 and was called to the Irish bar in 1879. He became a Queen's Counsel in 1889. He was Conservative member of parliament for Londonderry City from 1892 until his defeat in 1895. In 1896 Ross was elevated to the bench as land judge in the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice in Ireland. When appointed, he was the youngest judge in the United Kingdom and he was the first Presbyterian judge of the High Court.
Ross was sworn of the Irish privy council in 1902. In 1919 he was created a baronet. In 1921, in succession to Sir James Campbell, Ross was appointed Lord Chancellor of Ireland. He was to be the last holder of that office, which was abolished in December 1922. Ross retired to London, but later he returned to live in Northern Ireland.
He was president of the St John Ambulance Brigade in Ireland and during the First World War was in control of all Red Cross activities in southern Ireland. In 1914 he was made a Knight of Grace of the Grand Priory of the order of St John of Jerusalem. During the war he was also chairman of the Irish board for the selection of candidates for commissions in the British army.
In 1882 Ross married Katherine Mary Jeffcock (d. 1932), who was the only daughter of Lieutenant-Colonel Deane Mann, of Dunmoyle and Corvey Lodge, county Tyrone. They had one son, Major Ronald Deane Ross MC MP, and two daughters, the younger of whom predeceased her father. Ross died, of bronchial pneumonia, at his home, Dunmoyle Lodge, Sixmilecross, co. Tyrone, on 17 August 1935, and was succeeded as second baronet by his son.

</doc>
<doc id="18514861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514861" title="Toad Hall">
Toad Hall

Toad Hall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18514874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514874" title="Nepal gray langur">
Nepal gray langur

Nepal gray langur ("Semnopithecus schistaceus") is a gray langur endemic to the Himalayas in Nepal, far southwestern China (Tibet), northern India, northern Pakistan, Bhutan and possibly Afghanistan. It is found in forests at an altitude of . Its easternmost limit in India is Buxa Tiger Reserve in northern West Bengal, at least till the Rydak river.
The Nepal gray langur is both terrestrial and arboreal, and has a diet composed of leaves. At , the heaviest langur ever recorded was a male Nepal gray langur.

</doc>
<doc id="18514877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514877" title="Four star">
Four star

Four or 4 Star(s) or star(s) can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18514885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514885" title="Enterprise Mag">
Enterprise Mag

"Reaching Canada's Small & Medium Enterprises"
Enterprise Magazine launched in 1998 as Small Business Canada Magazine. The name change to Enterprise was made in January 2005 as its readership grew to include small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) across Canada. 
Based in Barrie, Ontario, Enterprise is published five times a year. It is wholly owned by Typgrafika Inc of Barrie, Ontario.
Publisher and Editor
Hayden Bradshaw
Regular Topics
Techtalk
Human Resources
Sales
Marketing
Money
Networking
Success Story
Management
Enterprising Ideas
Leadership
Website
[http://www.enterprisemag.com]

</doc>
<doc id="18514887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514887" title="41st meridian east">
41st meridian east

The meridian 41° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Asia, Africa, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
Part of the border between Kenya and Somalia runs about 1 km west of the meridian, parallel to it.
The 41st meridian east forms a great circle with the 139th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 41st meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18514916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514916" title="The Flute Concert of Sans-Souci">
The Flute Concert of Sans-Souci

The Flute Concert of Sans-Souci () is a 1930 German drama film directed by Gustav Ucicky and starring Otto Gebühr. It was part of the popular cycle of Prussian films. 

</doc>
<doc id="18514920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514920" title="Catholic Ecumenical Councils">
Catholic Ecumenical Councils

Catholic Ecumenical Councils include 21 councils over a period of 1700 years. While definitions changed throughout history, in today's Roman Catholic understanding Ecumenical Councils are assemblies of Patriarchs, Cardinals, residing Bishops, Abbots, male heads of religious orders and other juridical persons, nominated by the Roman Pontiff. They meet to discuss matters of faith and Church discipline. Council decisions, to be valid, are approved by the popes. Participation is limited to these persons, who cannot delegate their voting rights.
Ecumenical councils are different from provincial councils, where bishops of a Church province or region meet. Episcopal conferences and plenary councils are other bodies, meetings of bishops of one country, nation, or region, such as the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops. This article does not include councils of a lower order or regional councils. Ecumenical in the Catholic view does not mean that all bishops attended the councils, which was not even the case in Vatican II. Nor does ecumenical imply the participation of or acceptance by all Christian communities and Churches. Ecumenical refers to "a solemn congregations of the Catholic bishops of the world at the invitation of the Pope to decide on matters of the Church with him". The ecumenical character of the councils of the first millennium was not determined by the intention of those who issued the invitations. The papal approval of the early councils did not have a formal character, which was characteristic in later councils. The Catholic Church did not officially declare these Councils to be ecumenical. This became theological practice. Different evaluations existed between and within Christian communities.
Not all of the twenty-one councils were always accepted as ecumenical within the Catholic Church. For example, the inclusion of the First Lateran Council and the Council of Basel were disputed. A 1539 book on ecumenical councils by Cardinal Dominicus Jacobazzi excluded them as did other scholars. The first few centuries did not know large-scale ecumenical meetings; they were only feasible after the Church had gained freedom from persecution through Emperor Constantine.
Ecumenical Councils of Antiquity.
These comprised the hierarchs of the undivided Church (i.e. both East and West), and, excepting the Fourth Council of Constantinople are recognised as Ecumenical Councils also by the modern Eastern Orthodox Church.
First Council of Nicaea.
The First Council of Nicaea formulated the original Nicene Creed. Most importantly, the council defined the equality of God Father and Christ, his son. It taught, that Jesus was of the same substance as God the Father and not just merely similar. By defining the nature of the divinity of Jesus, the council did not solely rely on the Bible but jointly gave it a binding interpretation. The First Council of Nicaea (May 20 – July 25? 325) issued 20 canons and repudiated Arianism.
First Council of Constantinople.
The First Council of Constantinople defined in four canons the Nicene Creed, which is still used in the Catholic Church in the original form. Most importantly, it defined the divinity of the Holy Spirit, which is derived but not defined in the Bible. Thus the Council interpreted on the Apostolic Tradition. The council met from May until July 381 during the pontificate of Pope Damasus I and issued four canons.
Council of Ephesus.
The Council of Ephesus proclaimed the Virgin Mary as the Theotokos (Greek Η Θεοτόκος, "Mother of God"). The Council met in seven sessions during the pontificate of Pope Celestine I from June 22 until July 17, 431. It rejected Nestorianism.
Council of Chalcedon.
The Council of Chalcedon defined the two natures (divine and human) of Jesus Christ. "“We teach unanimously that the one son, our lord Jesus Christ to be fully God and fully human". It met in 17 sessions from October 8 until November 1, 451 during the pontificate of Pope Leo the Great. It issued 28 canons, the last one defining equality of the bishops of Rome and Constantinople, which was rejected by the papal delegates and Pope Leo the Great, and therefore not binding for the Catholic Church.
Second Council of Constantinople.
The Council again dealt with the issue of the two natures of Christ, as monophysitism had spread through Christianity despite the decisions of Chalcedon. The Council met from May 5 until June 2, 553 in eight sessions during the pontificate of Pope Vigilius, who was imprisoned during the Council by the emperor. It condemned "Three Chapters" of Nestorian writings. Several Catholic provinces refused to accept the Second Council of Constantinople because of the political pressures.
Third Council of Constantinople.
The Council repudiated Monothelitism, and reaffirmed that Christ, being both human and divine, had both human and divine wills. It met in sixteen sessions from November 7, 680 until September 16, 681. The Council was held during the pontificates of Pope Agatho and Pope Leo II. It also discussed the views of Honorius.
Second Council of Nicaea.
In 730, the emperor outlawed pictorial presentations of Christ and the saints and created thus the first iconoclasm. The Pope argued against it and convened in 731 a local council in Rome to no avail. The council discussed and restored of the veneration of icons using the Bible and tradition of the Church as arguments. Pictures of Christ, the Blessed Virgin Mary and the Saints were used to stimulate piety and imitation. The Council met in eight sessions from September 24, 787 until October 23, 787 during the pontificate of Pope Hadrian I. It issued twenty canons. This was the last Ecumenical Council to be accepted by both Eastern and Western churches.
Fourth Council of Constantinople.
With the coronation of Charlemagne by Pope Leo III in 800, his new title as "Patricius Romanorum," and the handing over of the keys to the Tomb of Saint Peter, the papacy had acquired a new protector in the West. This freed the pontiffs to some degree from the power of the emperor in Constantinople, but it also led to a schism, because the emperors and patriarchs of Constantinople interpreted themselves as the true descendants of the Roman Empire dating back to the beginnings of the Church. Pope Nicholas I had refused to recognize Patriarch Photios I of Constantinople, who in turn had attacked the pope as a heretic, because he kept the filioque in the creed, which referred to the Holy Spirit emanating from God the Father" and" the Son. The Council condemned Photius, who questioned the legality of the papal delegates presiding over the Council and ended the schism. The Council met in ten sessions from October 869 to February 870 and issued 27 canons.
Papal Councils during the Middle Ages.
First Council of the Lateran.
Successors of Charlemagne insisted increasingly on the right to appoint bishops on their own, which led to the Investiture Controversy with the popes. The Concordat of Worms signed by Pope Calixtus II included a compromise between the two parties, by which the pope alone appoints bishops as spiritual head while the emperor maintains a right to give secular offices and honors. Pope Calixtus invoked the council to ratify this historic agreement. There are few documents and protocols left from the sessions and 25 canons approved. The Council met from March 18 to April 5, 1123.
Second Council of the Lateran.
After the death of Pope Honorius II (1124–1130), two popes were elected by two groups of Cardinals. Sixteen cardinals elected Pope Innocent II, while others elected Antipope Anacletus II who was called "the Pope of the Ghetto," in light of his Jewish origins. Then Council deposed the antipope and his followers. In important decisions regarding the celibacy of Catholic priests, clerical marriages of priests and monks, which up to 1139 were considered illegal, were defined as declared non-existing and invalid. The Council met under Pope Innocent II in April 1139 and issued 30 canons.
Third Council of the Lateran.
The Council established the two-third majority necessary for the election of a pope. This two-third majority existed until Pope John Paul II . His change was reverted to the old two-third majority by Pope Benedict XVI in his Moto Proprio, De Aliquibus Mutationibus, from June 11, 2007. Still valid today are the regulation that outlawed simony, and the elevation to Episcopal offices for anyone under thirty. The council also ruled it illegal to sell arms or goods which could assist armaments to Muslim powers. Saracens and Jews were forbidden from keeping Christian slaves. All Cathedrals were to appoint teachers for indigent and low-income children. Catharism was condemned as a heresy. This council is well documented: Reports include the saga of an Irish bishop whose income consisted in the milk from three cows. If one of the cows would stop giving milk, the faithful were obliged to donate another animal. The council met in March 1179 in three sessions and issued 27 chapters, which were all approved by Pope Alexander III.
Fourth Council of the Lateran.
The Council mandated every Christian to go at least once a year on Easter to confession and to receive the Holy Eucharist. The Council formally repeated Catholic teaching, that Christ is present in the Eucharist and thus clarified transubstantiation. It dealt with several heresies without naming names but intended to include the Catharists and several individual Catholic theologians. It made several political rulings as well. It met in only three sessions November 1215 under Pope Innocent III and issued 70 chapters
First Council of Lyon.
The Council continued the political rulings of the previous council by deposing Frederick II, as German king and as emperor. Frederick was accused of heresy, treason and arresting a ship with about 100 prelates willing to attend a meeting with the Pope. Frederick outlawed attendance at the council and blocked access to Lyon from Germany. Therefore the majority of council fathers originated from Spain, France and Italy. The Council met in three sessions from June 28, 1245 and issued 22 chapters all approved by Pope Innocent IV.
Second Council of Lyon.
Pope Gregory X defined three aims for the council: aid to Jerusalem, union with the Greek Orthodox Church and reform of the Catholic Church. The council achieved a short-lived unity with the Greek representatives, who were denounced for this back home by the hierarchy and the emperor. Papal conclaves were regulated in Ubi periculum, which specified that electors must be locked up during the conclave and, if they could not agree on a pope after eight days, would receive water and bread only. Franciscan Dominican and other orders had become controversial in light of their increasing popularity. The Council confirmed their privileges. Pope Gregory X approved all 31 chapters, after modifying some of them, thus clearly indicating papal prerogatives. The Council met in six sessions from May 7 to July 17, 1275 under his leadership.
Council of Vienne.
Pope Clement V solemnly opened the council with a liturgy, which has been repeated since in all Catholic ecumenical councils. He entered the Cathedral in liturgical vestments with a small procession and took his place on the papal throne. Patriarchs, followed by Cardinals, archbishops and bishops were the next in rank. The Pope gave a blessing to the choir, which intoned the "Veni Sancte Spiritus." The Pope issued a prayer to the Holy Spirit, the litany of saints was recited and only after additional prayer did the Pope actually address the Council and open it formally. He mentioned four topics, the Order of Knights Templar, the regaining of the Holy Land, a reform of public morality and freedom for the Church. Pope Clement had asked the bishops to list all their problems with the order. The Templars had become an obstacle to many bishops because they could act independently of them in such vital areas as filling parishes and other positions. Many accusations against the order were not accepted as the Pope ruled that confessions under torture were inadmissible. He withdrew canonical support for the order but refused to turn over its properties to the French king. The Council fathers discussed another crusade, but were convinced instead by Raimundus Lullus that knowledge of foreign languages is the only way to Christianize Muslims and Jews. He successfully proposed the teaching of Greek, Hebrew, and Arabic languages in Catholic universities. With this the council is considered to have begun modern missionary policies. In the three sessions, the council discussed further Franciscan poverty ideals. It met from October 1311 until May 1312.
Councilarism.
The following councils in Constance, Basel, Ferrara, Florence witnessed an ongoing debate regarding the superiority of ecumenical councils over the papacy.
Council of Constance.
At the beginning of the Council there was the great schism, with three popes, each claiming legitimacy. One of them, John XXIII, called for the Council to take place in Konstance, Germany, hoping to get additional legitimation from the council. When public opinion moved against him in March 1415, he fled to Schaffhausen and went into hiding in several Black Forest villages such as Saig. After his flight, the Council issued the famous declaration "Sacrosancta," which declared that any pope is below, not above, an ecumenical council. The council deposed all three popes and installed Pope Martin V, who made his peace with John XXIII by installing him as a cardinal.
Reforms did not materialize as hoped for, because the reformers disagreed among themselves. John Hus, a Bohemian reformer, was issued an imperial guarantee for safe conduct forth and back. The Church did not revoke its suspension to say Mass and preach in public. When Hus did just that, he was arrested and tried for heresy. Turned over to State authorities, he was burned at the stake in 1415. The Council of Constance was one of the longest lasting in Church history. The influx of 15,000 to 20,000 persons into the medieval city of 10,000 created inflation of unknown proportions. The German poet Oswald von Wolkenstein wrote: Just thinking of Constance, my purse begins to hurt. The Council addressed the future councils to be held and signed five concordats with the major participating nations. The Council met in 45 sessions from November 4, 1414 until April 22, 1418.
Councils of Basel, Ferrara and Florence.
The council continued debate on councilarism. The papal delegate opened the Council in Basel on July 23, 1431 without a single bishop present. When he tried to close it later, bishops insisted of citing the pope to the Council, which he refused. The Council continued on its own and issued several decrees on Church reform. Most of the participants were theologians, bishops made only ten percent of the eligible voters. The Pope moved the council to Ferrara, where he achieved a major success, when the Greek Orthodox Church agreed to unity with Rome. But councilarism continued to be the politically correct trend, as “reform” and “council” were seen as inseparable. Formally, the Council of Basel was never closed. The council decreed in 1439 (a short-lived) union with Greek, Armenian, and Jacobite Churches (1442). The Council had 25 sessions from July 1431 until April 1442 It met under Pope Eugene IV in Basel, Germany, and Ferrara and Florence Italy. It was moved to Rome in 1442.
Fifth Council of the Lateran.
The Fifth Council of the Lateran opened under the leadership of the Pope in Rome. It issued a dogma that the soul of a human being lives forever. As previous councils, it condemned heresies stating the opposite without mentioning names. The opening sermon included the sentence: "People must be transformed by holiness not holiness by the people." The issue was reform and numerous small reforms were approved by the council. (selection of bishops, taxation issues, religious education, training of priests, improved sermons etc.) but the larger issues were not covered and Pope Leo X was not particularly reform minded. The Council condemned as illegal a previous meeting in Pisa. The Council met from (1512–1517 )in twelve sessions under Pope Julius II and his successor Pope Leo X.
Council of Trent.
The council issued condemnations on what it defined as Protestant heresies and defined Church teachings in the areas of Scripture and Tradition, Original Sin, Justification, Sacraments, the Eucharist in Holy Mass and the veneration of saints. It issued numerous reform decrees. By specifying Catholic doctrine on salvation, the sacraments, and the Biblical canon, the Council was answering Protestant disputes. The Council entrusted to the Pope the implementation of its work, as a result of which Pope Pius V issued in 1566 the Roman Catechism, in 1568 a revised Roman Breviary, and in 1570 a revised Roman Missal, thus initiating the Tridentine Mass (from the city's Latin name "Tridentum"), and Pope Clement VIII issued in 1592 a revised edition of the Vulgate.
The Council of Trent is considered one of the most successful councils in the history of the Catholic Church. It defined Church beliefs until today. It convened in Trent between December 13, 1545, and December 4, 1563 in twenty-five sessions for three periods. Council fathers met for the 1st–8th session in Trent (1545–1547), for the 9th–11th session in Bologna (1547) during the pontificate of Pope Paul III. Under Pope Julius III, the council met in Trent (1551–1552) for the 12th–16th session. Under Pope Pius IV the 17th–25th session took place in Trent (1559–1565).
First Vatican Council.
The Council was convened by Pope Pius IX in 1869 and had to be prematurely interrupted in 1870 because of advancing Italian troops. In the short time, it issued definitions of the Catholic faith, the papacy and the infallibility of the Pope. Many issues remained incomplete, such as a definition of the Church. Many French Catholics wished the dogmatization of Papal infallibility and the assumption of Mary in the ecumenical council. During Vatican One, nine mariological petitions favoured a possible assumption dogma, which however was strongly opposed by some council fathers, especially from Germany. On May 8, the fathers rejected a dogmatization at that time, a rejection shared by Pope Pius IX. The concept of Co-Redemptrix was also discussed but left open. In its support, Council fathers highlighted the divine motherhood of Mary and called her the mother of all graces. The council met in four sessions from December 8, 1869 to July 18, 1870.
Second Vatican Council.
The Second Vatican Council was invoked by Pope John XXIII. It met from 1962 to 1965. Unlike most previous ones, this council did not discuss heresy as its
orientation was mainly pastoral; The Council called for a renewal of the Roman rite of liturgy "according to the pristine norm of the Fathers" and a popularization of the Gregorian chant, pastoral decrees on the nature of the Church and its relation to the modern world, restoration of a theology of communion, promotion of Scripture and Biblical studies, pastoral decrees on the necessity of ecumenical progress towards reconciliation with other Christian churches.
The general sessions of the Council were held in the autumns of four successive years (in four "periods") 1962 through 1965. During the rest of the year special commissions met to review and collate the work of the bishops and to prepare for the next period. Sessions were held in Latin in St. Peter's Basilica, with secrecy kept as to discussions held and opinions expressed. Speeches (called "interventions") were limited to ten minutes. Much of the work of the council, though, went on in a variety of other commission meetings (which could be held in other languages), as well as diverse informal meetings and social contacts outside of the council proper.
Two-thousand nine-hundred and eight (2,908) men (referred to as Council Fathers) were entitled to seats at the council. These included all bishops from around the world, as well as many superiors of male religious orders. 2,540 took part in the opening session, making it the largest gathering in any council in church history. (This compares to Vatican I where 737 attended, mostly from Europe.) Attendance varied in later sessions from 2,100 to over 2,300. In addition, a varying number of "periti" (Latin for "experts") were available for theological consultation—a group that turned out to have a major influence as the council went forward. Seventeen Orthodox Churches and Protestant denominations sent observers. More than three dozen representatives of other Christian communities were present at the opening session, and the number grew to nearly 100 by the end of the 4th Council Session.

</doc>
<doc id="18514941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514941" title="St. Philip's Episcopal Church (Circleville, Ohio)">
St. Philip's Episcopal Church (Circleville, Ohio)

St. Philip's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church located at 129 West Mound Street in Circleville, Ohio. The first Episcopal service in Circleville was held on May 26, 1817, by the Rev. Philander Chase, who in 1819 became the first bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Ohio. The stone church building was built in 1866 in a mixed Gothic and Tudor Revival style and was consecrated in 1868. Besides its actual name, the church has been known as the "Little Church on the Mound," because it sits on the base of what was formerly one of Circleville's numerous Native American mounds that was historically known as "Mount Gilboa."
In 1918, the church was modified by the construction of a Tudor Revival structure that has since been used as a parish hall. Despite this addition, the church's historic integrity was not damaged, as both its Gothic Revival style and the addition's Tudor Revival style are meant to resemble older English structures. In recognition of its well-preserved historic architecture, St. Philip's was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
St. Philip's today is an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Southern Ohio. The Rev. Phillip J. Harris is the current rector.

</doc>
<doc id="18514945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514945" title="KAlarm">
KAlarm

KAlarm is a personal alarm message, command and email scheduler application integrated with the KDE desktop environment. When a scheduled alarm goes off, KAlarm can display a text message or image file, run a command or send an email. KAlarm supports the scheduling of multiple alarmtimes and alarmdates. Aside from control through the graphical interface KAlarm can also be operated using the command line.

</doc>
<doc id="18514950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514950" title="Northern Territory Rugby Union">
Northern Territory Rugby Union

The Northern Territory Rugby Union, or NTRU, is the governing body for the sport of rugby union within the Northern Territory in Australia. It is an associate member of the Australian Rugby Union.
The Northern Territory Rugby Union manages competitions in several age groups and divisions, involving clubs from Darwin, Alice Springs, Katherine, and Nhulunbuy. 
The NTRU also hosts the annual Hottest 7s tournament in Darwin, which draws Rugby 7s teams from around Australia and overseas and awards prize money to the winners.
Rugby union in Darwin started after Cyclone Tracy when there was a large number of young men involved in the clean up and reconstruction of the city. The NTRU was founded in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18514977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514977" title="God's Gift (TV series)">
God's Gift (TV series)

"God's Gift" was a British television game show broadcast for 2 series (1995/1996). It was produced by Granada Television and presented from the studio floor by Davina McCall (series 1) and Claudia Winkleman (series 2). Stuart Hall provided the voiceover for both series. Each week five male contestants would vie with each other to win the affections and votes of a female audience by participating in a series of facetious games designed to "test" their sex appeal. The winner's prize would be to take an audience member of his choice out on a date, which was then filmed for broadcast in the following week's show.
The series was broadcast in the early hours of a Thursday morning and was usually repeated in the early hours of Sunday morning on ITV, although not every region took the series. The second series was axed after fewer regions decided to broadcast it.
The show's title came from the phrase "God's gift to women", i.e. an ironic description of a would-be Casanova.

</doc>
<doc id="18514978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514978" title="One star">
One star

One star may refer to:
See also.
For other numbers of stars, see :Category:Star ranking systems

</doc>
<doc id="18514980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514980" title="Electric Harley House (Of Love)">
Electric Harley House (Of Love)

"Electric Harley House (Of Love)" is a single by American comedy metal/punk band Green Jellÿ. 
Lawsuit.
In 1993, Green Jellÿ was sued by the management of Metallica for partial use of their song "Enter Sandman" in the song "Electric Harley House (Of Love)". The bass and rhythm guitars in the solo section of the song play a riff close to that of "Enter Sandman", and even though the band mentions it in lyric immediately after the riff, the band was forced to remove the part from the later CD versions of "Cereal Killer" and pull the music video from MTV.

</doc>
<doc id="18514982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18514982" title="Valley Mill Camp">
Valley Mill Camp

Valley Mill is a children's day summer camp and kayaking school in Germantown, Maryland. It is accredited by the American Camp Association.
History.
Valley Mill Camp for Girls started in Colesville, Maryland in 1956 by Robert "Mr. Mac" McEwan and May "Skipper" McEwan, and then moved to Darnestown, Maryland in 1973. The location in Darnestown is on over 60 acres of wooded land with a spring fed two acre lake. It is now run by Evelyn McEwan and Bruce Uthus.
About.
Valley Mill Camp has been serving families in the Washington D.C. area since 1956, combining closeness to home with the atmosphere of an away camp. Located on more than sixty acres of deep woods and surrounding a two acre spring fed lake, Valley Mill provides ample space for a vigorous camp program for both boys and girls. The counselors are selected for character and values that make them good role models. They care about the children and the camp, and they lead in the activities with a spirit of fun. On your child's first day of camp, he or she will be placed into an age group under the direction of a group counselor. With this, your child will attend activities, assemblies and special events. These events include rock climbing, kayaking, and group trips off property. Activities of younger age groups are paced to their capacities, while older age groups have ample opportunity to excel. Valley Mill emphasizes the development of group cohesiveness and of resilience through outdoor challenge. Many children attend Valley Mill year after year, finding increased and deepened experiences each time.
Activities.
Boys Side
offers activities such as kayaking, canoeing, swimming lessons, soccer, basketball, rock climbing, outdoor education, gymnastics, archery, air riflery.
Girls Side
Offers activities such as kayaking, canoeing, swimming lessons, rock climbing, outdoor education, gymnastics, archery, air riflery, arts and crafts, drama, and horseback riding.
Junior Camp (4 and 5 years old)
Offers activities such as kayaking, canoeing, swimming lessons, outdoor education, gymnastics, arts and crafts, drama, and horseback riding.
Adventure Camp
Off site trips that include kayaking, hiking, rock climbing, canoeing, and leadership
Alumni.
Kayak, Slalom, Whitewater, Redshirt
May McEwan, K-1W, 1973 Senior National Champion
Jamie McEwan, C-1 Slalom, 1972 National Champion, 1972 C-1 Slalom Bronze Medal Olympics, 1975 C-1 Slalom Champion, 1987 C-2 Slalom Silver Medal World Championships, 1988 & 1989 C-2 Slalom Gold Medal Whitewater Slalom World Cup, 1992 C-2, Olympics (placed 4th), 1996 Olympic Team member, 2005 International White Water Hall of Fame, Red Shirt
Tom McEwan, K-1 Wildwater and Slalom, 1973 National Wildwater Champion, 2005 International White Water Hall of Fame, Red Shirt
Angus Morrison, C-1 Slalom & Wildwater, 1974, 1977, 1978, 1983, 1985 National Champion
Kent Ford, C-1 Slalom, 1977 National Champion, C-2 Slalom 1987 National Champion, C-1 Slalom 1983 and 1985 World Champion, 2008 International White Water Hall of Fame
Cathy Hearn, K1-W Slalom & Wildwater and C-2, 1979, 1980, 1985, 1986 and 1987, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998 National Champion, 1979 Gold Medal World Championships, 1981 Silver Medal World Championships, 1989 K-1W Slalom Bronze Medal World Championships, 1997 K-1W Slalom Bronze Medal World Championships, 1997 K-1W Slalom Bronze Medal Whitewater Slalom World Cup, 2007 International Hall of Fame
Dan Schnurrenberger, K-1 Wildwater, 1979, 1980, 1981 1991 (C-2) National Champion, 1984 Olympic Team member, Red Shirt
Howard Foer, C-2 Wildwater with Andy Bridge, US Team member, 1983 C-2 Wildwater National Champion
Andy Bridge, C-1 Wildwater, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994 and 1996 National Champion, World Champion: 1990 - Silver, 91 - Bronze, 92 – Gold 
1992 World Cup Champion, 1990 World Cup Silver medalist, 1991 World Cup Bronze medalist, 1991 Tour de Corse Champion, 5th place 1991 World Championships, U.S. Team member 1980, 1981, 1987-1993, Red Shirt
Joe Jacobi, C-2 Slalom, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992 National Champion, 1992 Olympics – Gold Medal, Red Shirt
Norm Bellingham, K-2 Sprint, 1988 Gold Medal Summer Olympics, 1984, 1988 and 1992 Olympic Team member, Red Shirt
Bruce Uthus, K-4, 1988 Sprint National Champion, K2, 1991 Marathon National Champion and K-2, 1994 Marathon National Champion, 2010 Junior Olympics Coach’s Trophy for Valley Mill Racing Team, Red Shirt
Jason Beakes, K-1 Slalom, 1990 Junior Slalom Team member, 1994-2003 Senior National Team member, Red Shirt
Kirsten Brown, K-1W, 1991 Bronze Medal ICF Canoe World Championships, National Team member
Eliot Weintrob, C-2, 1992 Olympic Team member, 1993 C-2 Slalom National Champion, Red Shirt
Caroline Domenghino, K-1W Wildwater, 2001 National Champion, 1994 - 2002 Swiss Team Member, Red Shirt
Nelson Oldham, K-1 Wildwater, 1994, 1998, 1999 National Champion, Red Shirt
Andrew McEwan, K-1 Wildwater, 2000, 2001 and 2003 National Champion, Red Shirt
Geoff Calhoun, K-1 Wildwater, 2004, 2005, 2007 and 2008 National Champion, Red Shirt
Ryan Bahn, C-1 Slalom, 2005 National Champion, Red Shirt
Casey Eichfeld (coached by Valley Mill’s Martin Nevaril), C-1 & C-2 Slalom, 2006 US National Slalom Champion, 2006 Silver Medal Junior Team Trials, 2006 Junior Champion Junior Olympics, 2006 Junior Champion US Cup #2, 2007 Silver Medal US Nationals, 2007 Gold Medal Junior National Team Trials, 2007 Gold Medal US Team Trials, 2007 Junior Champion Youth Olympic Festival, 2008 Olympian, 2008 Silver Medal Olympic Team Trials, 2008 Gold Medal Dickerson, 2008 Gold Medal Glacier Breaker, 2008 Gold Medal US Open, 2010 Charlotte Open Champion
Aaron Mann, K-1 Slalom, 2009 National Team Member
Simon Beardmore, K-1 WIldwater, US Wildwater Team, Red Shirt
Ashley Nee, K-1W Slalom, 2010 Gold Medal, Slalom National Championships, 2011 Silver Medal Pan American Championships, Red Shirt
Caroline Queen, K-1W Slalom, 2010 Silver Medal, Slalom National Championships
John Weld, owner of Immersion Research, never competed but well known expedition kayaker, Red Shirt
Baseball
Danny Hultzen, Second pick of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft to the Seattle Mariners.
Rock Climbing
Simon Williams

</doc>
<doc id="18515001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515001" title="Erena Mizusawa">
Erena Mizusawa


</doc>
<doc id="18515003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515003" title="John Ringling North">
John Ringling North

John Ringling North (14 August 1903 - 4 June 1985) was the president and director of the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus from 1937 to 1943 and from 1947 to 1967.
Biography.
North was born on August 14, 1903 in Baraboo, Wisconsin, the son of Henry and Ida Ringling North. His mother was the sister of the Ringling brothers. As a boy, he hawked balloons and novelties at his uncles' circus. He learned to dance and play the saxophone from circus performers and formed his own dance band while at college.
He attended the University of Wisconsin and Yale University, but left in his junior year. After working for two years in a New York stock brokerage, North worked for the Ringling brothers' real estate companies and for the circus during the summers. He returned to the brokerage business from 1929 to 1936, while continuing to assist the Ringling brothers with their business interests. After the death of the last Ringling brother in 1936, North became president and director of Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Combined Shows Inc.
During World War II he worked for the Office of Strategic Services. He parachuted into France as part of Operation Jedburgh.
He later married the actress Germaine Aussey.
Under North's management, the circus switched from tents to air conditioned venues in 1956, in part to offset rising labor costs. North also replaced the circus's unrelated acts with thematic programs, and once hired Igor Stravinsky to compose a ballet for the circus' elephants with choreography by George Balanchine. The Ringling heirs sold the circus in 1967, ending 80 years of Ringling family control of the enterprise.
After the sale of the circus, he moved to Europe, where he lived in Switzerland and Belgium. In the early 1960s, North and his brother, Henry Ringling North, who had bought their father's ancestral home in County Galway, became Irish citizens. 
North died of a stroke on June 4, 1985 in Brussels, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="18515004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515004" title="Human Communication and Interaction Research Group">
Human Communication and Interaction Research Group

Introduction.
The Human Communication and Interaction Research Group (HCI-RG) is made up by professors, lecturers and students of the Department of Computer Science of the University of Oviedo. The headquarters are situated in the city of Oviedo (Asturias, Spain).
Research.
The group is devoted to the analysis on how people use their everyday tools to communicate ideas and how these tools may be used to interact with other people.
The study of the interaction between humans through technology gives its name to the research group and defines its main research goals. It is also the underlying idea behind the design of the logo, a tribute to the human hand, the first and most powerful tool.
Topics of Interest.
The research scope includes the following subjects:
eMinds.
International Journal on Human-Computer Interaction (ISSN: 1697-9613) is a referred journal, published and edited on a yearly basis by the Human-Communication and Interaction Research Group in collaboration with the eXus Information Architecture Society. The goal of eMinds is to develop the study of current practice, content, technology, and services on Human-Computer Interaction. This journal aims to provide an interdisciplinary forum for the exchange of ideas concerning theoretical, technical, practical, social and pedagogical issues; helping professionals working in the field to contribute, to disseminate knowledge, and to learn from each other’s work.

</doc>
<doc id="18515029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515029" title="Two star">
Two star

Two star or two stars may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18515032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515032" title="GROW model">
GROW model

The GROW model (or process) is a technique for problem solving or goal setting. It was developed in the United Kingdom and was used extensively in the corporate coaching market in the late 1980s and 1990s.
There have been many claims to authorship of GROW as a way of achieving goals and solving problems. While no one person can be clearly identified as the originator Graham Alexander, Alan Fine, Sir John Whitmore, who are well known in the world of coaching, made significant contributions. Max Landsberg also describes GROW in his book "The Tao of Coaching"
GROW is very well known in the business arena but it also has many applications in everyday life. The particular value of GROW is that it provides an effective, structured methodology which both helps set goals effectively and is a problem solving process.
It can be used by anyone without special training. While there are many methodologies that can be used to address problems, the value of GROW is that it is easily understood, straightforward to apply and very thorough. In addition it is possible to apply it to a large variety of circumstances in a very effective way.
Stages of GROW.
There are a number of different versions of the GROW model. This version presents one view of the stages but there are others. The 'O' in this version has two meanings.
As with many simple principles any user of GROW can apply a great deal of skill and knowledge at each stage but the basic process remains as written above. There are numerous questions which the coach could use at any point and part of the skill of the coach is to know which questions to use and how much detail to uncover.
Example.
This is a very simple example of using the GROW model to achieve a goal. This example deals with weight loss. If the client wants: ‘To bring my weight down to 120 pounds in three months and keep it down’. That is their Goal. The more heart felt and personal, the more meaningful the goal is to the person and the more likely they will be to commit to and achieve the goal.
The GROW approach would then be to establish the Reality by stating what their weight is now. The coach would then ask awareness questions to deepen understanding of what is happening when the client tries to lose weight, thus identifying the Obstacles. These questions could include:
If the client genuinely answers these questions they will discover new information about what works and does not work for them in terms of weight loss, and create some potential for change. It then becomes possible to create some strategies or Options which get around the Obstacles. These could include looking at which diets or exercise regimes work best, or finding a specific type of support. Once the client knows the strategies that are likely to work they can establish a Way Forward which involves taking action steps. This is where they commit to what they will do in the short term to put the strategies into effect. For instance, one action might be asking a particular person for support, and another might be to buy a different selection of foods. 
GROW neatly highlights the nature of a problem for coaching purposes. In order for a problem to exist in coaching terms there has to be two elements present. Firstly there has to be something that the client is trying to achieve - the Goal. Then there has to be something stopping them achieve that goal - the Obstacle(s). Using GROW automatically breaks a problem down into these component parts. Then solutions and action steps(Options and Way forward) automatically fall out of the process.
The same principles can be applied whatever goal or problem the client has. GROW can be used on technical problems, issues regarding processes, strategy questions, interpersonal issues and many more. Almost any situation where there is something to be achieved and there is an Obstacle can be tackled with GROW. The model can also be used by a group who are all working on the same problem or goal.
The GROW principle and the Inner Game.
GROW was developed out of the Inner Game theory developed by Timothy Gallwey, Gallwey was a tennis coach who noticed that he could often see what a player was doing incorrectly but that simply telling them what they should be doing did not bring about lasting change. 
This is often illustrated by the example of a player who does not keep his or her eye on the ball. Most coaches would give instructions such as: ‘Keep your eye on the ball’ to try to correct this. The problem with this sort of instruction is that a player will be able to follow it for a short while but be unable to keep it in the front of his or her mind in the long term. This means that progress was slow. The result was that coaches and players grew increasingly frustrated at the slowness of progress but no one had better system of coaching.
So one day, instead of giving an instruction, Gallwey asked the player to say `bounce' out loud when the ball bounced and `hit' out loud when they hit it. 
The result was that the players started to improve without a lot of effort because they were keeping their eye on the ball. But because of the way the instruction was given they did not have a voice in their heads saying ‘I must keep my eye on the ball.’ They were simply playing a simple game while they were playing tennis. Once Gallwey saw how play could be improved in this way he stopped giving instructions and started asking questions that would help the player discover for himself what worked and what needed to change. This was the birth of the Inner Game.
The basic methodology of GROW came out of Gallweys work with tennis players. For example the first stage in this process would be to set a target which the player wanted to achieve. For example if a player wanted to improve his first serve Gallwey would ask how many first serves out of ten they would like to get in. This was the target or goal. 
The Reality would be defined by asking the player to serve 10 balls and seeing how many first serves went in. 
Gallwey would then ask awareness raising questions such as "What do you notice you are doing differently when the ball goes in or out?" This would enable the player to discover for themselves what they were changing about their mind and body when the serve went in or out. They had then defined their Obstacles and Options. They therefore learned for themselves what they had to change in order to meet their serving targets and they had a clear Way Forward. 
From Gallwey’s experience with tennis players it is possible to define a number of learning principles which can be applied to any learning situation whether sport based or not. For example:
Coaches using the Inner Game soon realized they could apply the principles in other learning situations. GROW was developed as a structured framework to use the Inner Game principles to achieve goals. The originators saw that, just as in sport, many individuals were struggling to achieve goals because they were not learning from experience and were not aware of the knowledge within themselves that would help them.
References.
"You ALREADY Know How to Be GREAT" by Alan Fine ISBN 1591843553

</doc>
<doc id="18515044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515044" title="Three star">
Three star

Three star or three stars is a grading received in a star classification scheme. 
Three star or three stars may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18515064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515064" title="Otto Gebühr">
Otto Gebühr

Otto Gebühr (29 May 1877 – 14 March 1954) was a German theatre and film actor, who appeared in 102 films released between 1917 and 1954. He is noted for his performance as the Prussian king Frederick the Great in numerous films.
Life.
Born in Kettwig (today part of Essen) in the Rhine Province the son of a merchant, Gebühr attended the "gymnasium" secondary school in Cologne and completed a commercial training. Alongside he took drama lessons and began his acting career at the Görlitz city theatre. In 1898 he joined the ensemble of the Königliches Hoftheater Dresden and from 1908 performed at the Lessing Theater in Berlin. As a World War I volunteer he achieved the rank of a Lieutenant in the German Army.
After the war he worked with director Max Reinhardt at the Deutsches Theater in Berlin. At the same time he obtained his first film performances with the help of his colleague Paul Wegener. He found the role of his lifetime in 1919, acting as King Frederick II in the historical drama "Die Tänzerin Barberina" directed by Carl Boese, modeled on the life of ballerina Barbara Campanini (1721–1799). The first part of the UFA "Fridericus Rex" tetralogy starring Otto Gebühr playing the title role was released in 1922, followed by several further so-called "Fridericus-Rex-movies". The series was heavily criticized by contemporaries for supporting a widespread negative stance towards the Weimar Republic democracy and the yearning for a leader in waiting. Gebühr continued his performances in the Nazi period from 1933 onwards, last performing in "The Great King" (), a 1942 German wartime propaganda film directed by Veit Harlan referring to the historic Miracle of the House of Brandenburg, which received the rare "Film of the Nation" distinction.
Gebühr died at Wiesbaden in 1954. His final film, "Die Blonde Frau des Maharadscha", was released eight years after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18515077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515077" title="House Me Teenage Rave">
House Me Teenage Rave

"House Me Teenage Rave" is a single by American Comedy metal band Green Jellÿ.

</doc>
<doc id="18515078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515078" title="Hurricane Dolly (2008)">
Hurricane Dolly (2008)

Hurricane Dolly was a tropical cyclone that made landfall in extreme southern Texas in July 2008. Dolly was the fourth tropical cyclone and second hurricane to form during the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season. It was the first U.S. landfalling hurricane of the 2008 season. Dolly developed on July 20 from an area of disturbed weather in association with a strong tropical wave. It was named Dolly at the same time it formed—skipping the tropical depression phase entirely as the precursor wave already had tropical storm-force winds. This marked the earliest time a fourth named cyclone has formed since the 2005 season, which holds the record.
The tropical storm made landfall on the Yucatán Peninsula near Cancún early on July 21, leaving at least 17 people dead in Guatemala, and one person in the Yucatán. It moved into the Gulf of Mexico and strengthened to become a Category 2 hurricane, before weakening some and making landfall as a Category 1 storm on July 23 in South Padre Island, Texas, with 85 mph (140 km/h) winds. The storm caused 212,000 customers to lose power in Texas as well as 125,000 in Tamaulipas, and dropped estimated amounts of over 16 inches (410 mm) of rain in isolated areas . Rip currents throughout the entire Gulf Coast resulted in one person drowning off the Florida Panhandle. There were no deaths as a result of Hurricane Dolly in Texas; it did, however, cause an estimated $1.05 billion in damage. The remnants of the storm caused two deaths in New Mexico.
Meteorological history.
An area of disturbed weather formed over the tropical Atlantic about 1600 miles (2600 km) east of the southern Windward Islands on July 13 in association with a strong tropical wave. The wave tracked across the Caribbean Sea during the third week of July. Despite producing strong convection and tropical storm-force sustained winds, it failed to develop a low-level circulation until July 20. That morning, reconnaissance aircraft found a low-level circulation and the system was identified as a tropical cyclone by the National Hurricane Center (NHC). The reconnaissance data showed that the storm had maximum sustained winds exceeding the 34-knot (39 mph; 63 km/h) threshold for tropical storm status. Additionally, buoy data corroborated that the system was producing speeds of this velocity at sea level, so the NHC declared the system to be a tropical storm—bypassing the tropical depression stage altogether—and giving it the name "Dolly".
At this point, Dolly was located 270 mi (435 km) east of Chetumal, and 230 mi (365 km) southeast of Cozumel; the tropical storm was expected to make landfall later that day. At the time of Dolly's approach to Quintana Roo, 100,000 tourists were in the state, and 45,000 of them in Cancún. Originally, the storm was forecast by the Servicio Meteorológico Nacional (Mexico's national weather service) to make landfall between Playa del Carmen and Tulum. However, as the storm approached the Quintana Roo coastline, it lost its organization and its surface circulation center disappeared. When the storm was just offshore, it began reorganizing, and a new circulation center formed in the heavy convection on the northern sector of the storm. In essence, this caused the storm to briefly move parallel to the coastline, shifting the point of Dolly's first landfall to north of Cancún. The northward shift also caused the bulk of the storm to stay over water, reducing its impact on the Yucatán Peninsula.
After moving into the Gulf of Mexico, weather conditions became favorable for additional intensification, with low wind shear and warm sea surface temperatures. Dolly strengthened steadily beginning on July 21, and by the afternoon of July 22, it strengthened into a Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. At this point, the storm was located about 165 mi (265 km) east-southeast of Brownsville, Texas. Steady strengthening continued that evening and into the morning of July 23, at which point Dolly reached Category 2 intensity while just east of the Rio Grande Valley at 10:00 that morning with winds of up to 100 mph (160 km/h) and a minimum central pressure of 963 mbar. At 1:00 pm CDT (1800 UTC) that same day, Dolly made landfall on South Padre Island, Texas, slightly weaker as a Category 1 hurricane with 85 mph (140 km/h) sustained winds and a pressure of 967 mbar. Hurricane Dolly then moved west-northwestward over the Laguna Madre crossing onto the mainland near the Cameron-Willacy County line. South Padre Island, Port Isabel, Laguna Vista, Los Fresnos, Bayview, Brownsville, San Benito, Rio Hondo, Arroyo City and especially Harlingen suffered heavy wind and flooding. Hurricane Dolly then thrashed the Delta Region along and north of Highway 107 with its most fierce winds and rain. Towns like Santa Rosa, La Villa, Edcouch, Elsa, Monte Alto and San Carlos were hit hard by the slow-moving, wet hurricane which dumped 10-20 inch rains. According to Mid Valley Town-Crier newspaper, the Weslaco Airport clocked gusts of 68 knots (78 mph). Dolly weakened to a tropical storm after passing US 281 (west of San Manuel and Linn, Texas) late on the 23rd, and then a tropical depression, as it moved slowly inland into Mexico. The circulation weakened into a remnant low over northern Mexico on the afternoon of July 25, then crossed back into the United States, passing through the Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua/El Paso, Texas metropolitan area on the morning of July 26 and then north across New Mexico. The remnant low of Dolly finally began to dissipate late in the evening of July 27 approximately west-northwest of Dalhart, Texas.
Preparations.
First landfall.
On July 20, the Mexican government issued a tropical storm warning for the Yucatán Peninsula from Campeche to the international border with Belize. A few hours later, Belize's government issued a tropical storm watch from Belize City to the Mexican border.
That same morning, the Quintana Roo Civil Protection authorities in Chetumal declared a "blue alert" for the entire state due to the storm's proximity. This alert was upgraded to an "orange alert" that afternoon, and to a "red alert" that evening. On Cozumel, the ferry service connecting the island to the mainland was suspended, and local government oulawed sales of alcohol and asked residents to stay in their homes after 6:00 pm local time. The state government also ordered the evacuation of 1,000 people from the island of Banco Chinchorro and village of Punta Allen, and evacuations were also ordered in Tulum. Later, evacuation orders were also made for Holbox Island, causing the total number of evacuees to reach 2,000. In the Solidaridad municipality, 238 people were put in shelters to weather out the storm. Elsewhere, five shelters were made available to the population, but only one family of three used them. The Yucatán state government issued a blue alert, followed by an orange alert when the storm approached the state.
Second landfall.
In the Gulf of Mexico, Royal Dutch Shell evacuated 125 personnel from its oil rigs on July 20, and evacuated another 60 on July 21. Diamond Offshore Drilling removed non-essential employees from some of its rigs, and the Rowan Companies also evacuated one of their eight oil rigs in the Gulf. Also on July 21, Chevron announced that it was evacuating some of its workers from its oil rigs in the Gulf, but did not disclose how many were removed. On July 22, BP announced the evacuation of non-essential personnel from two of its rigs, and on July 23, Petróleos Mexicanos evacuated 66 people from one of its rigs. In spite of this, oil production was not expected to be affected by Dolly.
In Texas, Governor Rick Perry activated 1,200 members of the Texas Military Forces, among other emergency personnel. Perry also ordered 250 buses to be placed in San Antonio, so they could be used if evacuations became necessary. Perry declared 14 counties of the state as disaster areas on July 22. The Texas Department of Transportation put construction contractors in the Rio Grande Valley on notice of a possible storm. Cameron County emergency officials urged residents living along the Rio Grande to evacuate, for fear of the levees alongside the river bursting. Port of Brownsville officials also decided to close the port at midnight Wednesday, July 23, through midnight Friday, July 25. The United States Navy removed 104 airplanes from Truax Field and flew them to bases further inland, and Immigration and Customs Enforcement evacuated its detention facility in Port Isabel.
On July 21, the state of Veracruz put 166 municipalities in preventive alert, and expected that the storm would exacerbate existing flooding. In Tamaulipas, state authorities put the municipalities of Soto la Marina, San Fernando, Matamoros, Valle Hermoso, Río Bravo and Reynosa on alert and prepared shelters. Later, on July 22, 23,000 people were planned to be evacuated from Matamoros, Soto la Marina and San Fernando; however, of those, only about 13,000 followed the evacuation order, and were placed in 21 shelters. 15 shelters—with a capacity to hold 4,500 people—were activated in Reynosa. On the night of July 22, the federal government, through the Secretaría de Gobernación (SEGOB), declared a state of emergency in 17 municipalities, making them eligible to receive federal assistance funding. SEGOB also ordered 600 Army troops and 350 Marines deployed to Tamaulipas, a number that later grew to 4,800 military and police. Further inland, on July 21, the Nuevo León state government began to prepare 300 shelters throughout the state, and the Coahuila state government announced a state of alert the next day. On July 23, Coahuila authorities emitted an orange alert due to the risk of flooding from Dolly's remnants, and activated 2,000 military and police to the state.
Impact.
First landfall.
In Guatemala, the rain caused landslides and at least 17 deaths, with 12 members of one family killed near La Unión in the department of Zacapa and four from another family in San Pedro Soloma, Huehuetenango. One more person drowned after trying to cross the flooded Punilá River in La Unión.
Before it made landfall, Dolly caused heavy rain in western Cuba, primarily in the provinces of Isla de la Juventud, Pinar del Río and La Habana.
In Mexico, the state of Quintana Roo reported no deaths from the storm, and no major damage was reported in Cancún; however, the city reported significant beach erosion. Four fisherman were reported missing after Dolly passed over the Yucatán peninsula, and one of them was found dead on the beach near Puerto Progreso, Yucatán.
Second landfall.
The storm contributed to a $2.16 price increase in oil futures in the New York Mercantile Exchange on July 21, although prices fell again after Dolly missed most of the oil rigs in the Gulf. The Minerals Management Service indicated that Dolly caused 4.66% of the total oil production and 5.13% of the natural gas production to be shut in.
United States.
In the United States, President George W. Bush declared 15 counties of Texas as a federal disaster area. Hurricane Dolly is considered to be the most destructive hurricane to hit the Rio Grande Valley in 41 years; the last such storm was Beulah in 1967, but Beulah was not more damaging; it was just deadlier. It was the worst hurricane to hit Brownsville since 1980's Allen. No deaths were reported as a result of the storm, but one boy was injured after falling seven floors from a condominium balcony in South Padre Island. Early on July 23, an apartment complex roof partially collapsed in South Padre Island. Power was knocked out to more than 13,000 customers in Cameron County, Texas and 15,100 in Hidalgo County, Texas. Sustained winds were estimated at 100 mph with gusts of 120 mph when Dolly made landfall. Dolly's strongest winds and heaviest rains were generally on the left or south side of the eyewall. The winds blew signs off of many hotels. Residents of Brownsville reported downed tree limbs, among other small damages. In addition, at least two tornadoes were reported in San Patricio County, well to the north of the landfall location. One of them uprooted trees and knocked over several roofs and weak structures. By noon on July 23, the storm had left 36,000 customers in south Texas without electric power, a number that rose to 61,000 by 3:00 p.m, and to 122,800 by 6:00 p.m. At the height of the disaster, some 155,000 homes were without electricity. The damage in South Texas was much more destructive than what was predicted. Dozens of homes and businesses were destroyed with hundreds more damaged, and the storm surge caused many boats to brought onshore, some into homes.
The Governor of Texas, Rick Perry, declared 14 counties in South Texas a disaster area. Insured property damage estimates are near $525 million (2008 USD) with total property damage estimates (based on a 2–1 ratio of total damage to insured damage) near $1.05 billion (2008 USD) in the state (with a large proportion of the losses being agricultural), and the Rio Grande cotton crop was expected to be a complete loss. After weakening to a tropical storm, Dolly spun off another tornado near Poth early on July 24 with minor damage. Near noon on July 24, an EF0 tornado touched down in the southern edge of downtown San Antonio near the Interstate 10–Interstate 37 interchange. Significant damage was reported in the area, with several commercial buildings losing their roofs and numerous houses damaged. Damage was also reported at the Windcrest Tower. About 1,500 customers lost power as a result. Flash flooding from the remnant low of Dolly occurred in El Paso, Texas on July 26: one person was killed in an adjacent portion of New Mexico from a weather-related traffic accident. Additional flash flooding and river flooding on the Rio Ruidoso in the Sacramento Mountains of New Mexico occurred on the morning of July 27, after more than of rainfall from Dolly's remnants: hundreds of tourists, campers and residents were evacuated and the storm caused damage at the Ruidoso Downs racetrack. One person was killed in the Rio Ruidoso flooding, approximately 900 persons required rescue, approximately 500 structures were damaged, and initial damage estimates for Ruidoso, New Mexico were in the range of $15–20 million.
Distant effects included high waves and rip currents throughout the Gulf of Mexico. One person was killed and at least nine others had to be rescued from Panama City Beach, Florida, as a result of rip currents caused by Dolly.
The remnants of Dolly also impacted the south and middle of the midwest including the Chicago metropolitan area and Illinois, Indiana, Tennessee, and some parts of southern Missouri causing severe weather reports and some damage of property.
Mexico.
In Matamoros, Tamaulipas, downed power lines fell on floodwaters and electrocuted one man to death. The hurricane caused 19 colonias to lose electric power, and about 125,000 users lost power the night after Dolly's second landfall. 111 colonias were flooded, and 50 of those suffered severe flooding. The storm also knocked down trees, billboards and traffic signals in the city. Soldiers rescued a family trapped in their home near the mouth of the Rio Grande. On July 26, the remnant low of Dolly dropped heavy rains on Ciudad Juarez, Chihuahua, causing landslides, flooding, the collapse of a historic church and evacuation of numerous colonias. Damage estimates in Mexico are around $300 million (2008 USD).
Records.
Hurricane Dolly was the third most powerful hurricane to hit the U.S. in the month of July in recorded history, behind a storm in 1916 and Dennis in 2005. Dolly was also the second most destructive U.S. hurricane in July, behind Dennis. It also marked the fastest start of a hurricane season since 2005. Dolly's estimated damage in Texas was $1.05 billion which made it the 4th most destructive Texas hurricane on record (based on total cost), behind Hurricane Alicia, Hurricane Rita, and Hurricane Ike later in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18515110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515110" title="Othello (paintings)">
Othello (paintings)

Othello is a series of paintings executed in 1985 by Nabil Kanso. The subjects of the paintings are loosely based on Shakespeare’s tragedy Othello. The series comprises 60 paintings dealing with themes of love, race, jealousy, betrayal, and evil. They depict scenes embodying compositions of figural and metaphorical imagery that may be seen as visually reflecting the intimate and dramatic relationship between Othello and Desdemona, and the tense and uneasy relation that passes between and through Othello, Desdemona and Iago. 
Description.
The "Othello" paintings depict a sequence of figural images with oil and acrylic on canvases and paperboards ranging in size from 30×40 inches (102×76 cm) to 120×216 inches (300×550 cm). The overtones are often conveyed with wide-rugged brushstrokes of black against a red background with areas of orange and yellow, and with figures and shapes of animals, humans, hooded faces, and monsters. It is pointed out that in the painting surface of the works on paper, "the brushstrokes seem even more aggressive, often giving the figures the immediacy of gesture sketches."
The physical substance of the paintings reflects a process of forming imagery that may correspond in form, texture, tone, and color to the subject it represents. The intense colors and violent movement of the brush seem to add emphasis to the nature of the subject. The embraces of the figures representing Othello and Desdemona are viewed by some as scenes that move "from tender and loving to confusion and rage."
When the Othello were exhibited at the gallery space of a theater in Atlanta in 1985, the paintings were considered “too provocative” and were taken down the day after the exhibit had been hung.
The paintings in the series are divided almost equally in two parts. The first part consists of works often depicting compositions of naked human figures encountered in intimate situations heightened by the contrast of light and dark, and various sexual metaphors.
The second part contains about thirty canvases dealing with themes of intrigue, suspicion, and killing making direct references to the characters Iago, Othello, and Desdemona in Shakespeare’s tragedy. They reveal images of aggressiveness, intensity, and violence with webs of turbulent rhythm, whirling forms, and allegorical concepts as a means of conjuring imagery with layers of meanings and symbols that may visually reinterpret the intensity of events leading to Othello killing of Desdemona.

</doc>
<doc id="18515111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515111" title="48th meridian east">
48th meridian east

The meridian 48° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Asia, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Madagascar, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 48th meridian east forms a great circle with the 132nd meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 48th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18515116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515116" title="Martin Gropius">
Martin Gropius

Martin Carl Philipp Gropius (August 11, 1824, Berlin - December 13, 1880) was a German architect.
Life.
Gropius studied at the Bauakademie in Berlin and after graduation worked as a private architect. He received artistic direction from Karl Friedrich Schinkel and Karl Bötticher and continued his studies with prolonged trips through Greece and Italy.
In 1856 Gropius was appointed to a professorship at the Academy of Applied Art and was later a member of the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities as well as the Austrian Academy of Sciences. Until his death he worked with Heino Schmieden to develop "Fa. Gropius & Schmieden", one of the largest architecture firms in Berlin.
Martin Gropius was the great-uncle of architect and Bauhaus founder Walter Gropius.
The present-day Martin Gropius Bau in Berlin was built in 1881 based on plans by Martin Gropius and Heino Schmieden as an applied art museum (the Kunstgewerbemuseum Berlin). It was constructed in the style of the Italian Renaissance and has a central atrium. Mosaics with allegories from various ages and the coats of arms of German states decorate the spaces between windows.
After World War I the Bau housed the Museum of Pre- and Early History as well as the oriental art collection. In the last weeks of the Second World War the building was bombed. Reconstruction of the building began in 1978 after it was placed under protection for historic preservation in 1966. Another restoration took place in 1999/2000. Today the Martin Gropius Bau is an important space for special exhibits of all kinds.
Martin Gropius is buried at Dreifaltigkeitsfriedhof 2 in the Kreuzberg neighborhood of Berlin.
Works.
Along with representative buildings (e.g. the University in Kiel and the Gewandhaus in Leipzig), many clinics and hospitals were built in Berlin and Brandenburg based on Gropius's designs.
Many houses and villas in Berlin and its environs were built based on Gropius's designs. For example:

</doc>
<doc id="18515150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515150" title="Margaretha Byström">
Margaretha Byström

Margaretha Byström (born 2 August 1937 in Stockholm) is a Swedish actress (movies, theater, television), writer and director. Margaretha is most famous for her portrayal as the elegant and ambitious Katarina Remmer in the long running Swedish soap opera "Rederiet".

</doc>
<doc id="18515186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515186" title="George H. Sisson">
George H. Sisson

George H. Sisson was a nineteenth-century American entrepreneur. He was born in Michigan, and was an early real estate developer in Chicago. He was a mining engineer in Arizona, and with his profits from that operation, purchased a large land concession in Baja California.
Baja California and Ensenada.
On July 24, 1884, he and Luis Huller obtained a concession from the Mexican government for a tract of land in Baja California, extending between 29° North and 32°42' North, including Cedros Island.
This was extended with additional purchases to 28° North, which later was to become the border between Baja California and Baja California Sur, Land was also purchased northward to the United States border. In 1885, they formed the International Company of Mexico in Hartford, Connecticut, and George H. Sisson was named as general manager. The company was sold to the British Mexican Land and Colonization Company in 1888.
Related lawsuits continued for years afterward.

</doc>
<doc id="18515188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515188" title="Five star">
Five star

Five or 5 Star(s) or star(s), 5* and similar may refer to a grading of a hotel, restaurant, movie, TV show, energy efficiency, theatre or musical work or performance, etc. - see star (classification)
Examples include:
Five star may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18515201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515201" title="The Bear Song">
The Bear Song

"The Bear Song" is a single by American comedy metal band Green Jellÿ. It is based on "The Bear Went Over the Mountain", an old popular camp traditional song, sung to the tune of "Sipping Cider through a Straw" from 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18515215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515215" title="Greg Lasker">
Greg Lasker

Greg Lasker (born September 28, 1964 in Conway, Arkansas) is a former American football defensive back who played three seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the New York Giants, Chicago Bears, and Phoenix Cardinals.
Lasker was a starting safety at the University of Arkansas before being drafted into the NFL Draft in 1986. He was named to the Arkansas 1980–1989 All-Decade Team. He played high school football at Conway High School.
Greg is now an assistant professor in the College of Technology at Purdue University in West Lafayette IN.
Publications.
Lasker*,G.C., Dunston, P., Chen, C. &Kenneday, M. (2012). Implementing a New Doctrine for Health Facility Commissioning. Proceeding of the 2012 CRCConstruction Research Congress, West Lafayette, IN, USA 
Wallpe, J., Hutzel, W., Lasker*,G.C., & Clark, C. (2012). Evaluating Net-Zero Energy Houses from theU.S> Department of Energy Solar Decathlon 2011. Proceeding of the 2012 CRC Construction Research Congress, WestLafayette, IN, USA 
Chen, C., Dib, H., & Lasker*, G.C., (2011). Benefits of implementing buildinginformation modeling for healthcare facility commissioning. Proceedings of the 2011 ASCE InternationalWorkshops on Computing in Civil Engineering, USA, 578-585. doi:10.1061/41182(416)71              
Lasker*,G.C., Cox, R.F., Schuette, S.D., & Beck, D.M. (2010).  Critical success factors for a constructioncompany. TG65 Small Firms in Construction,CIB World Congress, The Lowry,Salford Quays, United Kingdom. Refereed. ISBN 978-1-905732-91-3 (2010)  
Lasker*,G.C., Orczyk, J.J., Cox, R.F, & Converse, D. (2010).  The last mile: A pilot study of bestpractices for successful implementation of mobile communication technologies at the construction site. W078 InformationTechnology for Construction, CIB World Congress, The Lowry, Salford Quays,United Kingdom. Refereed. ISBN 978-1-905732-91-3 (2010)
Lasker*,G.C., Schuette, S.D., Jenkins, J.L, & Grove, C.I. (2010).  Creating villages:  A teambuilding strategy using tribal rituals.W112 Culture in Construction, CIB World Congress, The Lowry, SalfordQuays, United Kingdom. Refereed. ISBN 978-1-905732-91-3 (2010) 
Lasker*,G.C., Crawford, C.G., Orczyk, J.J., & Wyman, D. (2010). Employee attitudestowards ownership: ESOPS in the construction industry. TG59 People in Construction, CIBWorld Congress, The Lowry, Salford Quays, United Kingdom. Refereed. ISBN978-1-905732-91-3 (2010) 
Chen, Y., & Lasker*,G.C. (2010). Structural equation modeling for small construction organizationalsystem. TG65 Small Firms in Construction,CIB World Congress, The Lowry,Salford Quays, United Kingdom. Refereed. ISBN 978-1-905732-91-3 (2010) 
Lasker*,G.C., Cox, R.F., D. Alter, K., Sah, V., & McLeod A. (2009). Success Characteristics of U.S Based Construction Firms’ Operating in Asian Countries. Proceedings of International Conference on Construction & Real Estate Management, Beijing, China. Refereed. ISBN978-789475-107-2(G-544) CD-ROM pages 462 -467.
Lasker*,G.C., Cyr-Koch, D., & Jenkins, J.L. (2009) Economic vs. Emotionaloutput:  The value of the happy worker in the hard-labor market. Proceedings of the 45th Associated Schools of Construction Annual Conference, Gainesville,FL.  Refereed.  9 pages. 
Lasker*,G.C., & McLeod, A. (2009). Operational Strategies for a Healthcare Providerin a Developing Country. Proceedings ofInternational Conference on Construction & Real Estate Management,Beijing, China. Refereed. ISBN 978-789475-107-2(G-544) CD-ROM pages 499 -501. 
Cyr-Koch, D., Lasker*,G.C., & Lamb, D. (2009). Diversity Directions through Collaboration withIndustrial Advisory Boards. Proceedingsof the Collaboration of Industry and Education Conference, Orlando, FL.Refereed. 6 pages.
Jenkins, J.L., Lew, J.J., Ryan, R.C., & Lasker*, G.C. (2007).  Overcoming the challenges of safety trainingfor the rising number of Hispanic workers on U.S. construction job sites. Proceedings of the 43rd Associated Schools of Construction Annual Conference.  Flagstaff, AZ.  Refereed. 10 pages.  
Lasker*, G.C.,et al. (2012) Chapter 1 Predesign Phase Health Facility Commissioning Handbook.ISBN 978-0-87258-902-5 ASHE catalog #:055385, pages 15–32, 289 -320.  
Arns, L., Dunston, P., Kushner, A., Lasker*, G.C, & McGlothlin, J. (2010) An immersive virtualreality mock-up for design review of hospital patient rooms. CollaborativeDesign in Virtual Environments, Springer. (in press, 12 manuscript pages). 
Lasker*,G.C., et al. (2008) Section Author 9.0 and 37.0 (Planning, Design andConstruction Process), In ASHE Facilities Management Committee, Health FacilityPlanning, Design, and Construction Handbook manuscript. American Society forHealthcare Engineering (pending). . Available at: www.ashe.org, page 33-41, 222-229.
Lasker*,G.C., et al. (2008) Recommendations for Construction Details in Health Care Facilities, ASHE (American Society for HealthcareEngineering), 2010. Available at www.ashe.org by September 2010. 65 pages. 
Lasker*, G.C., Dunston, P.S., Froiland, J.,Rotar, & Andoh, A.  (2012). Method for Long-Term and Multicultural Study of Wellness Benefits from HealingGardens. Proceedings of the 8th World Congress on Design and Health in KualaLumpur. Lasker*, G.C., McWilliams. D.L. (2008) Physical plant challenges in a not-for-profit hospital in an undeveloped country. IEMS TheProceedings of the 14th Annual International Conference on Industry,Engineering, and Management System, Cocoa Beach, FL.

</doc>
<doc id="18515235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515235" title="La Folie du Docteur Tube">
La Folie du Docteur Tube

La Folie du Docteur Tube is a 1915 short silent experimental film directed by Abel Gance, in which a scientist takes a white powder, and then hallucinates. Gance shows the man's hallucinations by using a series of distorting lenses on the camera. A print of the film survives. 

</doc>
<doc id="18515243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515243" title="Eastern savannas of the United States">
Eastern savannas of the United States

The eastern savannas of the United States covered large portions of the east side of the continent until the early 20th century. These were in a fire ecology of open grassland and forests with low ground cover of herbs and grasses.
The frequent fires which maintained the savannas were started by the region's many thunderstorms and Native Americans, with most fires burning the forest understory and not affecting the mature trees above. Before the arrival of humans about 15,000 years ago, lightning would have been the major source of ignition, the region having the most frequent wind and lightning storms in North America. The European settlers who displaced the natives blended the local use of fire with their customary use of fire as pastoral herdsmen in the British Isles, Spain, and France.
In the southern pine savanna, each area burned about every 1–4 years; after settlers arrived burning happened about every 1–3 years. In oak-hickory areas, estimates range from 3 to 14 years, although trails were kept open with fire.
Prehistoric southeastern flora.
Of all the United States, southeastern flora has been least changed in composition during the last 20,000 years, although changed in other ways.
During the Last Glacial Maximum about 18,000 years ago, the influence of Arctic air masses and boreal vegetation extended to about 33° N. latitude, the approximate latitude of Birmingham and Atlanta. Forests of the glacial period were dominated by various spruce species and jack pine; fir was abundant in some locations. With the exception of the absence of certain prairie elements, the understories of these forests were generally typical of modern spruce-fir forests within and near Canada. Temperate deciduous forests dominated from about 33° to 30° N. latitude, including most of the glacial Gulf Coast from about 84° W. longitude. The coastline later changed during glacial melt, both in the Mississippi River valley and sea level rise of 130 meters (400 ft). Regional climate was similar to or slightly drier than modern conditions. Oak, hickory, chestnut, and southern pine species were abundant. Walnuts, beech, sweetgum, alder, birch, tulip tree, elms, hornbeams, tilias, and others that are generally common in modern southern deciduous forests were also common then. Grasses, sedges, and sunflowers were also common. Extensive mesophytic forest communities, similar to modern lowland and bottomland forests, occurred along major river drainages, especially the Mississippi embayment, the Alabama-Coosa-Tallapoosa Basin, the Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint Basin, and the Savannah River Basin.
Humans arrived as five thousand years passed following the retreat of the glaciers, while deciduous forests expanded northward throughout the region. Pockets of boreal elements remained only at high elevations in the Appalachian Mountains and in a few other refuges. Broadleaf evergreen and pine forests occupied an extent similar to their current one, primarily in the Atlantic Coastal Plain. Mesophytic and bottomland forest communities continued to occupy the major river drainages of the region.
Although the major modern community types were flourishing in the Southeast by 10,000 years BP, and the climate was similar to that today, the understory flora had not yet come to resemble modern herbaceous floras. Mixed hardwood forests dominated the majority of the upper Coastal Plains, Piedmont, and lower Mountain regions. Southern pine communities dominated the middle and lower Coastal Plains, whereas evergreens and some remnant boreal elements occupied higher elevation sites. There were few canopy openings in the mixed hardwood and high-elevation forest.
Warming and drying during the Holocene climatic optimum began about 9,000 years ago and affected the vegetation of the Southeast. Extensive expansions of prairies and savannas occurred throughout the region, and xeric oak and oak-hickory forest types proliferated. Cooler-climate species migrated northward and upward in elevation; many vanished from the region during this period while others were limited to isolated refuges. This retreat caused a proportional increase in pine-dominated forests in the Appalachians. The grasslands and savannas of the time expanded and were also linked to the great interior plains grasslands to the west of the region. As a result, elements of the prairie flora became established throughout the region, first by simple migration, but then also by invading disjunct openings (including glades and barrens) that were forming in the canopy of more mesic forests.
During most of the climatic shifts of the last 100,000 years, most plant migration in Eastern North America occurred along a more or less north-south axis. The climate optimum was significant because it made conditions favorable for the invasion and establishment of species from the center of the continent.
After the end of the optimum about 5,000 years BP, as the climate cooled and precipitation increased, species migrated so that communities were reassembled in new forms in which all of the components of the modern southern forests were in place. The boreal forests of the early Quaternary enjoyed a modest expansion. Riparian, bottomland, and wetland plant communities expanded. Grasslands and savannas contracted and retracted westward.
At about 4,000 years BP, the Archaic Indian cultures began practicing agriculture throughout the region. Technology had advanced to the point that pottery was becoming common, and the small-scale felling of trees became feasible. Concurrently, the Archaic Indians began using fire in a widespread manner in large portions of the region. Intentional burning of vegetation was taken up to mimic the effects of natural fires that tended to clear forest understories, thereby making travel easier and facilitating the growth of herbs and berry-producing plants that were important for both food and medicines.
Recent history.
The oak-hickory forest of the Northeast was primarily burned by Native Americans, resulting in "oak openings", "barrens", and prairies in the Northeast and the Piedmont of North Carolina. There was nearly annual burning throughout the Northeast. After the death of 90% of the native population around 500 years ago, grasslands, savanna, and woodlands succeeded to closed forest. After European settlement of the region the burning frequency was 2–10 years, with many sites burned annually. The practice was so common that a North Carolina law in the early 18th century required annual burning of pastures and rangelands every March.
In the southeast, longleaf pine dominated the savanna and open-floored forests which once covered from Virginia to Texas. These covered 36% of the region's land and 52% of the upland areas. Of this, less than 1% of the unaltered forest still stands.
Savannas typically contained grasses that were 3 to 6 feet (1 to 2 m) high.
The southeast also had the Black Belt prairie region, within which was the blackland prairie, a type of tallgrass prairie. Much of the Black Belt region was open space. As late as the 1830s, about 11% of the Black Belt region was covered with prairies.
The largest prairie area in the southern Atlantic coastal plain was in the Florida panhandle region, from the Ochlockonee River to Louisiana's Florida Parishes
Savanna elimination.
The English colonists harvested the longleaf pine lumber, finding many uses for it. The slow-maturing tall straight trees were particularly suitable for shipbuilding and masts, although the lumber and pitch were widely used. The keel of was made from a single longleaf pine log. King George II decreed that straight pines over in diameter were the king's property, but the colonists protested by tarring and feathering the official surveyors. However, harvesting was rather limited until 1900.
At the start of the 20th century, heavy cutover of the Southern pine forest, combined with longleaf pine seedling destruction by foraging livestock, eliminated pine regeneration. As reflected by the 1924 federal Clarke-McNary Act, fire suppression began to be practiced. The American Forestry Association's "Dixie Crusaders" told the South that burning woods were bad. The paper industry encouraged growth of loblolly and slash pines. The probability of catastrophic high-intensity fire increased as dead fuels increased on the forest floor. Overgrowth shades and stunts longleaf pine seedlings, undergrowth increases, and succession creates the Southern mixed hardwood forest where savanna used to be. Intentional use of fire to manage vegetation began to be accepted again after World War II, and at present about a year are burned.
Remaining examples.
The ecosystem of over 98% of eastern savanna areas such as longleaf pine have declined.
Remaining savanna and prairie cover some of the land in the following locations:
The largest prairie remnants are at:
Flora.
Members of the Northeast upland oak communities:
Growing in the southeast pine forest:
Exotics promoted by fire:
Fauna.
Fauna which lived in the southeastern savanna include:
Living in prairie habitats:
In northeastern savanna:

</doc>
<doc id="18515264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515264" title="Natalie Haas">
Natalie Haas

Natalie Haas is an American cellist. A graduate of the Juilliard School, she has toured extensively with Scottish fiddler Alasdair Fraser. Together they have recorded several albums. Also, she has toured and recorded with Mark O'Connor and his Appalachia Waltz Trio, and with Natalie MacMaster.
Haas teaches privately and at the Berklee College of Music in Boston. Haas' sister, Brittany Haas, is also a musician, playing fiddle in the alternative bluegrass band Crooked Still.

</doc>
<doc id="18515311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515311" title="Rugby union in Ivory Coast">
Rugby union in Ivory Coast

Rugby union in Ivory Coast is essentially amateur, with some degree of semi-professionalization in its top flight league and the national rugby union team.
The sport is popular among school children, but the rugby union playing population in Ivory Coast is still relatively small with only 14 clubs, but there are also around 5,383 registered players, and the game takes in people from all walks of life. As of 22 October 2012, the men's national side are ranked 46th in the world.
Governing body.
Rugby union in Ivory Coast is administered by the Fédération Ivoirienne de Rugby. It was founded in 1961 and became affiliated to the International Rugby Board in 1988.
History.
As with many other minor rugby nations, the sport is mainly played in and around the former capital Abidjan.
The first recorded game in Ivory Coast was just after the Second World War, in 1946, when Mme Andre Benois organised a match between two teams of expatriates. They used an improvised ball, made from the inner tube of a tyre.
The game was further developed by French schoolmasters working in the country.
As a former French colony, the country has tended to come under the French sphere of influence, and many top players, including Max Brito played in France. Although the origins of Ivorian rugby go back to the 1960s and earlier, real growth came about when the paid French official Jean-François Turon managed to get the game adopted by Abidjan University at the turn of the 1980s, but it is François Dali who is seen as the father of Ivorian rugby, and his son, Athanase Dali, was the national captain during the 1990s.
Ivorienne delegates were amongst those who went to the centenary congress of the International Rugby Football Board in 1986.
The Ivory Coast national rugby union team is a relatively recent creation. It was not even in existence when the first (invitation only) Rugby World Cup was played in 1987. They played their first international in 1990 against Zimbabwe.
Ivory Coast went into the World Cup optimistic, with coach Claude Ezoua saying: ""We want to prove to the world that there is more to African rugby than just South Africa.""
Despite Namibia and Zimbabwe having qualified for the RWC at different times, both of these countries were firmly within the South African orbit, had players who spoke English and/or Afrikaans, who were mostly white. Namibia had previously been a colony of South Africa, as South West Africa, and Zimbabwe had provided SA with a number of players such as Ray Mordt. The Ivory Coast, on the other hand, was in West Africa, not Southern Africa, and was French speaking not Anglophone. Moreover, none of its players were white, whose success has been seen by many as a positive sign that black Africa was emerging as a force in world rugby.
Namibia, a South African former territory, narrowly missed out on qualifying for the RWC, because they had rested a number of key players in the qualifying rounds. Ivory Coast slipped past them, Zimbabwe, and the third African favourite, Morocco.
The composition of the World Cup squad also revealed interesting things about Ivorian rugby. 25 out of 26 were Ivorian born (with the exception of Max Brito, who was born in Senegal), half the squad was based and played in France, and many of the players were originally from Abidjan's harbour district. At this point, 8/10 of the country's senior clubs were based in the capital. As an incentive, many of them had been paid the equivalent of £1.25 to turn up to training.
Once in the World Cup, the Ivory Coast's fortunes waned. Captain Athanase Dali was injured playing against Scotland who won 89-0, and fearless tackler Max Brito suffered a spinal injury when he went for a Tongan.
Ivory Coast is a founding member of the Confederation of African Rugby (CAR), which was launched officially in January 1986, in Tunis, Tunisia. Rugby officials from Tunisia, Morocco, Senegal, Tanzania, Kenya, the Seychelles and Madagascar also attended.
National team.
The Ivory Coast national rugby union team, nicknamed "The Elephants" (), is a third tier rugby union side representing the Ivory Coast. Their presence at the 1995 Rugby World Cup wasn't particularly memorable, with an 89-0 loss to Scotland in the opening match, a worthy performance to France in their 54-18 loss, in a game where the Ivorians managed to score two tries, and a 29-11 and final defeat to Tonga. The Ivory Coast came close to qualify for the 2011 Rugby World Cup, but was eliminated by Namibia.

</doc>
<doc id="18515312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515312" title="Station Bègles Terres Neuves (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Bègles Terres Neuves (Tram de Bordeaux)

Bègles Terres Neuves station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux. It serves at the terminus of the line since 27 February 2008 after the extension from Saint-Jean train station's tram stop.
Location.
The station is located close by Jean-Jacques Bosc boulevard, in Bègles

</doc>
<doc id="18515334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515334" title="List of Super Famicom and Super Nintendo strategy games">
List of Super Famicom and Super Nintendo strategy games

The following is a list of Strategy games developed for the Super Famicom System and Super Nintendo Entertainment System. These have been sorted according to specific strategy sub-genres. Note: Tactical RPG's are in the List of Super Famicom and Super Nintendo role-playing games.
The "Ref" column shows the page(s) providing proof for a game's inclusion in each list.

</doc>
<doc id="18515349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515349" title="Arvada Downtown">
Arvada Downtown

Arvada Downtown, also known as Olde Town Arvada (5JF1278), is a historic district in Arvada, Colorado bounded by Ralston Road, Teller Road, Grandview Avenue and Yukon Street. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18515361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515361" title="56th meridian east">
56th meridian east

The meridian 56° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The westernmost part of the border between Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan is defined by the meridian.
The 56th meridian east forms a great circle with the 124th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 56th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18515362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515362" title="Kurimus">
Kurimus

Kurimus (2003) is an album by the Finnish thrash metal group Mokoma.

</doc>
<doc id="18515372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515372" title="Station Gare Saint-Jean (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Gare Saint-Jean (Tram de Bordeaux)

Gare Saint-Jean station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux. The station served as the terminus of the line until 27 February 2008 when it was expanded to Terres Neuves (Bègles).
Situation.
The station is located on Charles Domercq road in Bordaeaux across from Gare de Bordeaux Saint-Jean.
Junctions.
SNCF (train service).
Bordeaux Saint-Jean railway station
TGV, TER Aquitaine, Trains Grandes Lignes

</doc>
<doc id="18515394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515394" title="Six star">
Six star

Six or 6 Star(s) or star(s) can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18515395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515395" title="Julius Knapp">
Julius Knapp

Julius P. Knapp II is the chief of the Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) Office of Engineering Technology (OET). OET is the Commission’s primary resource for engineering expertise and provides technical support to the Chairman, Commissioners and FCC Bureaus and Offices.
Mr. Knapp was named Chief of OET in October 2006, succeeding Ed Thomas who left the previous year, although he was the acting chief for some time before that. He became the Deputy Chief of OET in May 2001. Prior to that he was the Chief of the Policy & Rules Division where he was responsible for FCC frequency allocation proceedings and for proceedings amending the FCC rules for radio frequency devices. Mr. Knapp was Chief of the FCC Laboratory from 1994–1997 where he was responsible for the FCC’s equipment authorization program and technical analyses.
Mr. Knapp received a Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from the City College of New York in 1974. He is a member of the IEEE EMC Society and is a Fellow of the Radio Club of America. He was the 2001 recipient of the Eugene C. Bowler award for exceptional professionalism and dedication to public service and received the FCC’s Silver and Gold medal awards for distinguished service at the Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="18515404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515404" title="Station Carle Vernet (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Carle Vernet (Tram de Bordeaux)

Carle Vernet station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux. It is named after the rue Carle Vernet, which in turn is named for Bordeaux native, the 18th century painter Carle Vernet.
Location.
The stations is located on rue Carle Vernet in Bordeaux, close to its junction with the main rue d'Armagnac and rue Leon Palliere.
Services.
Routes run from Carle Vernet to Berges du Lac, Terres Neuves and Les Aubiers. There are also connections with buses of the TBC.

</doc>
<doc id="18515431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515431" title="Lac de la Fauge">
Lac de la Fauge

Lac de la Fauge is a lake at Étival in the Jura department of France. With the nearby Lacs d'Etival, it is part of the preserve "Complexe des bois et du lac de l'Assencière" .

</doc>
<doc id="18515443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515443" title="Station Belcier (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Belcier (Tram de Bordeaux)

Belcier station is lcoated on line of the tramway de Bordeaux. 
Location.
The station is located on Eugène Delacroix road in Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18515450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515450" title="Rapid Fire (mixtape)">
Rapid Fire (mixtape)

Rapid Fire is a mixtape by Philadelphia rap-duo Young Gunz. It was recorded in 2005, but was not released until January 29, 2008. Unlike the previous two albums by Young Chris and Neef Buck, the album was not a Roc-A-Fella/Def Jam release, but a release on their own record label, named Young Gunz Media. Most of these tracks had appeared on several mixtapes, and "Rapid Fire" is therefore different from "Tough Luv" and "Brothers from Another". There are three appearances by Pooda Brown, one from Rell and one from Deemi.

</doc>
<doc id="18515460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515460" title="Dvin (village)">
Dvin (village)

Dvin (; also Nizhniy Dvin, Nerkin Dvin, and Dvin Armyanskiy) is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia. It is located near the ruins of the ancient city of Dvin.

</doc>
<doc id="18515467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515467" title="436 (disambiguation)">
436 (disambiguation)

436 could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18515482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515482" title="Optical heterodyne detection">
Optical heterodyne detection

Optical heterodyne detection is the implementation of heterodyne detection principle using a nonlinear optical process. In heterodyne detection, a signal of interest at some frequency is non-linearly mixed with a reference "local oscillator" (LO) that is set at a close-by frequency. The desired outcome is the difference frequency, which carries the information (amplitude, phase, and frequency modulation) of the original higher frequency signal, but is oscillating at a lower more easily processed carrier frequency.
Optical heterodyne detection has special temporal and spatial characteristics that pragmatically distinguish it from conventional Radio Frequency(RF) heterodyne detection. Electrical field oscillations in the optical frequency range cannot be directly measured since the relatively high optical frequencies have oscillating fields that are much faster than electronics can respond. Instead, optical photons are detected by energy or equivalently by photon counting, which are proportional to the square of the electric field and thus form a non-linear event. Thus when the LO and the signal beams impinge together on the surface of a photodiode they "mix", producing heterodyne beat frequencies directly via the physics of energy absorption. While an old technique, key limiting issues were solved only as recently as 1994 with the invention of synthetic array heterodyne detection.
Contrast to conventional radio frequency (RF) heterodyne detection.
It is instructive to contrast the practical aspects of optical band detection to radio frequency (RF) band heterodyne detection.
Energy versus electric field detection.
Unlike Radio Frequency (RF) band detection, optical frequencies oscillate too rapidly to directly measure and process the electric field electronically. Instead optical photons are (usually) detected by absorbing the photon's energy, thus only revealing the magnitude, and not by following the electric field phase. Hence the primary purpose of heterodyne mixing is to down shift the signal from the optical band to an electronically tractable frequency range. 
In RF band detection, typically, the electromagnetic field drives oscillatory motion of electrons in an antenna; the captured EMF is subsequently electronically mixed with a local oscillator (LO) by any convenient non-linear circuit element with a quadratic term (most commonly a rectifier). In optical detection, the desired non-linearity is embedded in the photon absorption process itself. Conventional light detectors—so called "Square-law detectors"—respond to the photon energy to free bound electrons, and since the energy flux scales as the square of the electric field, so does the rate at which electrons are freed. A difference frequency only appears in the detector output current when both the LO and signal illuminate the detector at the same time, causing the square of their combined fields to have a cross term or "difference" frequency modulating the average rate at which free electrons are generated.
Wideband local oscillators for coherent detection.
Another point of contrast is the expected bandwidth of the signal and local oscillator. Typically, an RF local oscillator is a pure frequency; pragmatically, "purity" means that a local oscillator's frequency bandwidth is much much less than the difference frequency. With optical signals, even with a laser, it is not simple to produce a reference frequency sufficiently pure to have either an instantaneous bandwidth or long term temporal stability that is less than a typical megahertz or kilohertz scale difference frequency. For this reason, the same source is often used to produce the LO and the signal so that their difference frequency can be kept constant even if the center frequency wanders.
As a result, the mathematics of squaring the sum of two pure tones, normally invoked to explain RF heterodyne detection, is an oversimplified model of optical heterodyne detection. Nevertheless, the intuitive pure-frequency heterodyne concept still holds perfectly for the wideband case "provided that the signal and LO are mutually coherent". Indeed, one can obtain narrow-band interference from coherent broadband sources: this is the basis for white light interferometry and optical coherence tomography. Mutual coherence permits the rainbow in Newton's rings, and supernumerary rainbows. 
Consequently, optical heterodyne detection is usually performed as interferometry where the LO and signal share a common origin, rather than, as in radio, a transmitter sending to a remote receiver. That is to say, the remote receiver geometry is unusual because generating a local oscillator signal that is mutually coherent with a signal of independent origin is technologically difficult at optical frequencies. However, lasers of sufficiently narrow linewidth to allow the signal and LO to originate from different lasers do exist.
Key benefits.
Gain in the detection.
The amplitude of the down-mixed difference frequency can be larger than the amplitude of the original signal itself. The difference frequency signal is proportional to the product of the "amplitudes" of the LO and signal electric fields. Thus the larger the LO amplitude, the larger the difference-frequency amplitude. Hence there is gain in the photon conversion process itself.
The first two terms are proportional to the average (DC) energy flux absorbed (or, equivalently, the average current in the case of photon counting). The third term is time varying and creates the sum and difference frequencies. In the optical regime the sum frequency will be too high to pass through the subsequent electronics. In many applications the signal is weaker than the LO, thus it can be seen that gain occurs because the energy flux in the difference frequency formula_2 is greater than the DC energy flux of the signal by itself formula_3.
Preservation of optical phase.
By itself, the signal beam's energy flux, formula_3, is DC and thus erases the phase associated with its optical frequency; Heterodyne detection allows this phase to be detected. If the optical phase of the signal beam shifts by an angle phi, then the phase of the electronic difference frequency shifts by exactly the same angle phi. More properly, to discuss an optical phase shift one needs to have a common time base reference. Typically the signal beam is derived from the same laser as the LO but shifted by some modulator in frequency. In other cases, the frequency shift may arise from reflection from a moving object. As long as the modulation source maintains a constant offset phase between the LO and signal source, any added optical phase shifts over time arising from external modification of the return signal are added to the phase of the difference frequency and thus are measurable.
Mapping optical frequencies to electronic frequencies allows sensitive measurements.
As noted above, the difference frequency linewidth can be much smaller than the optical linewidth of the signal and LO signal, provided the two are mutually coherent. Thus small shifts in optical signal center-frequency can be measured: For example, Doppler lidar systems can discriminate wind velocities with a resolution better than 1 meter per second, which is less than a part in a billion Doppler shift in the optical frequency. Likewise small coherent phase shifts can be measured even for nominally incoherent broadband light, allowing optical coherence tomography to image micrometer-sized features. Because of this, an electronic filter can define an effective optical frequency shift that is narrower than any realizable wavelength filter operating on the light itself, and thereby enable background light rejection and hence the detection of weak signals.
Noise reduction to shot noise limit.
As with any small signal amplification, it is most desirable to get gain as close as possible to the initial point of the signal interception: moving the gain ahead of any signal processing reduces the additive contributions of effects like resistor Johnson-Nyquist noise, or electrical noises in active circuits. In optical heterodyne detection, the mixing-gain happens directly in the physics of the initial photon absorption event, making this ideal. Additionally, to a first approximation, absorption is perfectly quadratic, in contrast to RF detection by a diode non-linearity.
One of the virtues of heterodyne detection is that the difference frequency is generally far removed spectrally from the potential noises radiated during the process of generating either the signal or the LO signal, thus the spectral region near the difference frequency may be relatively quiet. Hence, narrow electronic filtering near the difference frequency is highly effective at removing the remaining, generally broadband, noise sources.
The primary remaining source of noise is photon shot noise from the nominally constant DC level, which is typically dominated by the Local Oscillator (LO). Since the Shot noise scales as the "amplitude" of the LO electric field level, and the heterodyne gain also scales the same way, the ratio of the shot noise to the mixed signal is constant no matter how large the LO. 
Thus in practice one increases the LO level, until the gain on the signal raises it above all other additive noise sources, leaving only the shot noise. In this limit, the signal to noise ratio is affected by the shot noise of the "signal" only (i.e. there is no noise contribution from the powerful LO because it divided out of the ratio). At that point there is no change in the signal to noise as the gain is raised further. (Of course, this is a highly idealized description; practical limits on the LO intensity matter in real detectors and an impure LO might carry some noise at the difference frequency)
Key problems and their solutions.
AC detection and imaging.
Array detection of light, for instance, as applied in digital cameras, is common place. However that is only possible because each pixel can integrate the light level prior to serially reading out the array. With heterodyne detection the signal at each pixel is oscillating with a zero average and is often multi-frequency, so a pixel cannot be integrated directly on the chip to a scalar value. Thus a heterodyne array must have parallel direct connections from every sensor pixel to separate electrical amplifiers, filters, and processing systems. This makes large, general purpose, heterodyne imaging systems prohibitively expensive. For example, simply attaching 1 million leads to a megapixel coherent array is a daunting challenge.
To solve this problem, synthetic array heterodyne detection was developed. In SAHD, large imaging arrays can be multiplexed into virtual pixels on a single element detector with single readout lead, single electrical filter, and single recording system. The time domain conjugate of this approach is Fourier transform heterodyne detection, which also has the multiplex advantage and also allows a single element detector to act like an imaging array. SAHD has been implemented as Rainbow heterodyne detection in which instead of a single frequency LO, many narrowly-spaced frequencies are spread out across the detector element surface like a rainbow. The physical position where each photon arrived is encoded in the resulting difference frequency itself, making a virtual 1D array on a single element detector. If the frequency comb is evenly spaced then, conveniently, the Fourier transform of the output waveform is the image itself. Arrays in 2D can be created as well, and since the arrays are virtual, the number of pixels, their size, and their individual gains can be adapted dynamically. The multiplex disadvantage is that the shot noise from all the pixels combine since they are not physically separated.
Speckle and diversity reception.
As discussed, the LO and signal must be temporally coherent. They also need to be spatially coherent across the face of the detector or they will destructively interfere. In many usage scenarios the signal is reflected from optically rough surfaces or passes through optically turbulent media leading to wavefronts that are spatially incoherent. In laser scattering this is known as speckle. 
In RF detection the antenna is rarely larger than the wavelength so all excited electrons move coherently within the antenna, whereas in optics the detector is usually much larger than the wavelength and thus can intercept a distorted phase front, resulting in destructive interference by out-of-phase photo-generated electrons within the detector. 
Interestingly, while destructive interference dramatically reduces the signal level, the summed amplitude of a spatially incoherent mixture does not approach zero but rather the mean amplitude of a single speckle. However, since the standard deviation of the coherent sum of the speckles is exactly equal to the mean speckle intensity, optical heterodyne detection of scrambled phase fronts can never measure the absolute light level with an error bar less than the size of the signal itself. "This upper bound signal-to-noise ratio of unity is only for absolute magnitude measurement": it can have signal-to-noise ratio better than unity for phase, frequency or time-varying relative-amplitude measurements in a stationary speckle field.
In RF detection, "diversity reception" is often used when the primary antenna is coincidentally located at an interference null point: by having more than one antenna one can adaptively switch to whichever antenna has the strongest signal or even incoherently add all of the antenna signals. Simply adding the antennae coherently can produce destructive interference just as happens in the optical realm. 
The analogous diversity reception for optical heterodyne has been demonstrated with arrays of photon-counting detectors. For incoherent addition of the multiple element detectors in a random speckle field, the ratio of the mean to the standard deviation will scale as the square root of the number of independently measured speckles. This improved signal-to-noise ratio makes absolute amplitude measurements feasible in heterodyne detection.
However, as noted above, scaling physical arrays to large element counts is challenging for heterodyne detection due to the oscillating or even multi-frequency nature of the output signal. Instead, a single-element optical detector can also act like diversity receiver via synthetic array heterodyne detection or Fourier transform heterodyne detection. With a virtual array one can then either adaptively select just one of the LO frequencies, track a slowly moving bright speckle, or add them all in post-processing by the electronics.
Coherent temporal summation.
One can incoherently add the magnitudes of a time series of "N"-independent pulses to obtain a √N improvement in the signal to noise on the amplitude, but at the expense of losing the phase information. Instead coherent addition (adding the complex magnitude and phase) of multiple pulse waveforms would improve the signal to noise by a factor of "N", not its square root, and preserve the phase information. The practical limitation is adjacent pulses from typical lasers have a minute frequency drift that translates to a large random phase shift in any long distance return signal, and thus just like the case for spatially scrambled-phase pixels, destructively interfere when added coherently. However, coherent addition of multiple pulses is possible with advanced laser systems that narrow the frequency drift far below the difference frequency (intermediate frequency). This technique has been demonstrated in multi-pulse coherent Doppler LIDAR.

</doc>
<doc id="18515485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515485" title="Sahara (McCoy Tyner album)">
Sahara (McCoy Tyner album)

Sahara is a 1972 album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner, his first to be released on the Milestone label. It was recorded in January 1972 and features performances by Tyner with Sonny Fortune, Calvin Hill, and Alphonse Mouzon. The Allmusic review by Brian Olewnick states "Tyner would go on to create several fine albums in the mid-'70s, but never again would he scale quite these heights. Sahara is an astonishingly good record and belongs in every jazz fan's collection". The album is considered Tyner's commercial breakthrough. It sold over 100,000 copies and was nominated for two Grammys. It is also often considered Tyner's best album. The music shows African and Eastern influences and features Tyner playing koto, flute, and percussion in addition to his normal piano.

</doc>
<doc id="18515487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515487" title="Station Sainte-Croix (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Sainte-Croix (Tram de Bordeaux)

Sainte-Croix station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux. 
Location.
The station is located on Sainte-Croix quay in Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18515494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515494" title="Francis Black (disambiguation)">
Francis Black (disambiguation)

Francis Black may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18515504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515504" title="Stoyan Zaimov">
Stoyan Zaimov

Stoyan Zaimov (; 12 August 1853 — 9 September 1932) was a Bulgarian revolutionary, apostle of the April Uprising, enlightener, public figure and writer. A native of Chirpan, he died in Pleven.

</doc>
<doc id="18515505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515505" title="Church of England Newspaper">
Church of England Newspaper

The Church of England Newspaper is an independent Anglican weekly newspaper. It is published in the United Kingdom on Fridays.
The "Church of England Newspaper" was founded in 1828 and is notable as the earliest Church paper, and one of the oldest newspapers still in circulation. It is independent of the Church of England hierarchy. It normally adopts a broadly evangelical stance. 
The paper was owned by Conservative politician John Cordle MP from 1960 (and possibly from 1946 - see (http://archiver.rootsweb.ancestry.com/th/read/WORLD-OBITS/2007-01/1170288493) and 1971 (Announcements, The Daily Telegraph, London, U.K., 24 November 2004).

</doc>
<doc id="18515507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515507" title="Larry Chappell">
Larry Chappell

La Verne Ashford “Larry” Chappell (February 19, 1890 – November 8, 1918) was a professional baseball player who played from 1913 to 1917 for the Chicago White Sox, Cleveland Indians and Boston Braves.
His big league career began on July 18, 1913. He hit .231 in 60 games in his rookie season, with no home runs, 15 RBI and seven stolen bases. In 39 at-bats for the White Sox in 1914, he hit .231 again. In 1915, he was hitless in one at-bat.
On February 14, 1916, Chappell was sent to the Indians as the player to be named later to complete a trade that originally occurred August 21, 1915. In all, the Indians received Chappell, Braggo Roth, Ed Klepfer and $31,500. The White Sox received Shoeless Joe Jackson. Chappell was the most expensive of the players sent to the Indians – he was an $18,000 bonus player.
He played in only three games for the Indians, collecting no hits in two at-bats. In May 1916, the Braves purchased him, and in 53 at-bats with them he hit .226. Overall, Chappell hit .218 with nine RBI and two stolen bases in 1916.
Chappell played his final season in 1917, appearing in four games for the Braves, collecting no hits in two at-bats. He played his final game on April 25.
Overall, Chappell hit .226 with no home runs, 26 RBI and nine stolen bases in 109 career games. He walked 25 times and struck out 42 times.
He died at the age of 28 in an army camp in France from the Spanish flu of 1918. He is buried in Oak Grove Cemetery in Jerseyville, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="18515510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515510" title="Slave Boy">
Slave Boy

"Slave Boy" is a single by American comedy heavy metal band Green Jellÿ. "Slave Boy" is a parody of The B52's song Love Shack. 

</doc>
<doc id="18515511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515511" title="Norsk Landboeblad">
Norsk Landboeblad

Norsk Landboeblad was a Norwegian newspaper. It was published and printed from 1810 to 1817 by Sivert Aarflot in Volda in Romsdalen county, Norway. It had a circulation of 600, a considerable number at that time. This paper can be regarded as a predecessor to the modern-time newspaper "Synste Møre". 

</doc>
<doc id="18515513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515513" title="CJTL-FM">
CJTL-FM

CJTL-FM, is a Canadian radio station, that broadcasts a First Nations and Christian radio programming at 96.5 FM in Pickle Lake, Ontario, along with a radio translator CJTL-FM-1 at 98.1 FM in Thunder Bay.
Licenced in 2008, the station is owned by the Native Evangelical Fellowship of Canada and broadcasts as the Wah-Ste-Win Aboriginal Radio Network (WARN), which broadcasts Christian programming for the First Nations communities in Northwestern Ontario. WARN has plans to open a third transmitter in Winnipeg, pending CRTC approval and licensing.

</doc>
<doc id="18515525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515525" title="List of Super Famicom and Super Nintendo role-playing games">
List of Super Famicom and Super Nintendo role-playing games

The following is a list of Role-Playing games developed for the Super Famicom System and Super Nintendo Entertainment System. These have been sorted according to type of RPG. Note: Some games with only minor RPG-like elements are listed in Action-Adventure instead.
The "Ref" column shows the page(s) providing proof for a game's inclusion in each list.

</doc>
<doc id="18515526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515526" title="Seven star">
Seven star

Seven or 7 Star(s) or star(s) can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18515534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515534" title="Station Tauzia (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Tauzia (Tram de Bordeaux)

Tauzia station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux. 
Location.
The station is located on Tauzia road in Bordeaux.
Junctions.
There are no junctions with other lines or buses at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18515539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515539" title="Erich Weinitschke">
Erich Weinitschke

Erich Weinitschke (born 1910) was a German chess master.
He took 10th at Bad Elster 1938 (Efim Bogoljubow won), took 4th at Bad Warmbrunn (now Cieplice Śląskie–Zdrój) 1939 and won a play-off match against Heuaecker for the Silesian Champion title (Silesian Chess Congress), tied for 13-14th at Bad Oeynhausen 1941 (the 8th GER-ch, Paul Felix Schmidt and Klaus Junge won).

</doc>
<doc id="18515546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515546" title="Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs">
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs

The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs, or ASD(LA) is the head of the Office of the Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs, responsible for providing support to the Secretary of Defense (SecDef) in his/her dealings with the United States Congress. In addition to serving as SecDef's legislative adviser, the ASD(LA) promotes the Department of Defense's strategy, legislative priorities, policies, and budget before Congress. In carrying out these responsibilities, the ASD(LA) directs a team of managers, action officers, and support personnel who help direct, monitor and manage communications and activities between Congress and elements of the Department of Defense. The ASD(LA) is considered a part of the Office of the Secretary of Defense.
History.
This office was established as "Special Assistant (Legal, Legislative, and Public Affairs)" upon the creation of the National Military Establishment in 1947 (the NME was renamed the Department of Defense in 1949). This was one of three special assistants to the first Secretary of Defense.
The post was retitled "Assistant Secretary of Defense (Legal and Legislative Affairs)" in August 1949 based on amendments to the National Security Act (P.L. 81-216) that authorized three Assistant Secretaries of Defense.
The position was abolished in 1953, with its functions divided and transferred to the General Counsel and the "Assistant Secretary of Defense (Legislative and Public Affairs)", new posts established as the result of DoD Reorganization Plan No. 6 (June 1953) and Defense Directive 5122.1 (September 1953).
This position was abolished again in 1957, with its functions divided and transferred to "Assistant Secretary of Defense (Public Affairs)" and "Assistant to the Secretary of Defense (Legislative Affairs)", new posts established by Defense Directive 5105.13 (August 1957).
Since 1957, the responsibilities of this position have stayed mostly constant, but the title has changed between Assistant Secretary of Defense and Assistant "to" the Secretary of Defense five times, largely because the Secretary of Defense has historically been authorized a limited number of assistant secretaries. The position was given statutory standing as the "Assistant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Affairs)" by the National Defense Authorization Act for FY1994 (P.L. 103-160), passed November 30, 1993.
Office Holders.
The table below includes both the various titles of this post over time, as well as all the holders of those offices.
Budget.
Budget Totals.
The annual budget for the ASD(LA) is contained in the OSD's budget, under the Defense-Wide Operation and Maintenance (O&M) account. The Obama administration is expecting to cut funding for this position by over 37% in FY12.

</doc>
<doc id="18515562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515562" title="Łyse, Masovian Voivodeship">
Łyse, Masovian Voivodeship

Łyse is a village in Poland, situated in the Masovian Voivodeship, in Ostrołęka County, and in Gmina Łyse, by the road 645 between Myszyniec and Nowogród. It lies approximately north of Ostrołęka and north of Warsaw.
In the years 1975-1998, Łyse belonged to the Ostrołęka Voivodeship.
Character.
The village is a center of Kurpiowski folk art with a 19th-century wooden church that has a polychrome interior. Mass is held in this church only on special occasions; regular mass has been held in the nearby modern church, Chrystusa Króla Wszechświata, since dedication in 2000.
The village has the lowest unemployment rate in Ostrołęka County, due in no small part to the local meat packing industry.
Easter in Łyse.
Every year a Palm Sunday (the week before Easter) festival is celebrated here. The highlight of the festival is a contest for the most beautiful palm. Traditionally, the hand-made flowers of the palm are begun at the beginning of Lent. During the festival, one can experience Kurpiowski traditions by, among others: Kurpiowski wycinanki, folk music and dance, and tasting bread slices with lard and pickles. 

</doc>
<doc id="18515569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515569" title="Downe House">
Downe House

Downe House or Down House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18515576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515576" title="The English Mail-Coach">
The English Mail-Coach

The English Mail-Coach is an essay by the English author Thomas De Quincey. A "three-part masterpiece" and "one of his most magnificent works," it first appeared in 1849 in "Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine", in the October (Part I) and December (Parts II and III) issues.
The essay is divided into three sections:
"The English Mail-Coach" is one of De Quincey's endeavors at writing what he called "impassioned prose," like his "Confessions of an English Opium-Eater" and "Suspiria de Profundis". De Quincey had originally intended "The English Mail-Coach" to be one part of the "Suspiria".
Its literary quality and its unique nature have made "The English Mail-Coach" a central focus of De Quincey scholarship and criticism.

</doc>
<doc id="18515583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515583" title="Event management software">
Event management software

Event management software is the generic term for a wide range of software products that are used in the management of professional and academic conferences, trade exhibitions and smaller events such as Continuing Professional Development (CPD) meetings.
The most common event management applications are:

</doc>
<doc id="18515587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515587" title="False Pretenses (film)">
False Pretenses (film)

False Pretenses in film, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18515592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515592" title="Salva, Bistrița-Năsăud">
Salva, Bistrița-Năsăud

Salva () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Salva, and included Runcu Salvei village until the latter was split off to form a separate commune in 2005.
It is a relatively important local railway junction on the line to Sighetu Marmaţiei and line to Vatra Dornei and Suceava.

</doc>
<doc id="18515604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515604" title="Madison Southern High School">
Madison Southern High School

Madison Southern High School is a public high school located in Berea, Kentucky. The school mascot is the Eagle.
It is one of four high schools in Madison County, Kentucky and one of two High Schools in the Madison County School System. The other high school, Madison Central High School, is located in the county seat of Richmond.
The school has a current enrollment of 1100 students.

</doc>
<doc id="18515607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515607" title="Otto-Suhr-Institut">
Otto-Suhr-Institut

The Otto-Suhr-Institut für Politikwissenschaft ("Otto Suhr Institute for Political Science", OSI) is one of the most famous institutes of the Free University of Berlin and the biggest political-science institution in Germany.
The institute is part of the faculty for political and social sciences. It is named after Otto Suhr, a former mayor of Berlin (1894–1957, SPD).
History.
The OSI arose in 1959 from the Deutsche Hochschule für Politik ("German Academy for Politics") founded in 1920.
During the German student movement in the late 1960s, the Otto-Suhr-Institut was reckoned a 'leftist' and later an 'alternative' think tank, as it employed radical thinkers such as Johannes Agnoli. However, in present days this reputation is rather legendary than lifelike.
Current activity.
The OSI continues to be one of the leading institutions in the field of political science in Germany, focussing on the study of International Relations. Since 2001, Thomas Risse heads the institute's Center for Transnational Relations, Foreign and Security Policy which was founded in 1986 as the Center for Transatlantic Foreign and Security Policy Helga Haftendorn.
International programmes.
The institute offers an integrated German-French double-degree Bachelor as well as a double-degree Master programme with French Grande Ecole Sciences Po Paris (formerly also known as Institut d’Etudes Politiques de Paris) as well as a German-Russian joint Master’s programme in co-operation with the Moscow State Institute of International Relations. It has also successfully developed a Double Degree in Public Policy and Management with the European top-ranking business school, HEC Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18515612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515612" title="Bulls Bay Light">
Bulls Bay Light

The Bulls Bay Lighthouse is a former lighthouse on Bulls Island in Charleston County, South Carolina. Its first lighthouse was built in 1852. After it was destroyed in 1897, a new light was built in 1900. It was deactivated in 1913. 
Bulls Island is a barrier island that is part of the Cape Romain National Wildlife Refuge. It can be reached by private ferry from Awendaw, South Carolina.
The original lighthouse had its lantern mounted on top of the lightkeeper's brick house. This was destroyed in 1897. It was replaced in 1900 with a metal skeletal tower. The light station was deactivated in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="18515619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515619" title="Square Pie">
Square Pie

Square Pie (Not Web Design Company is a British food retail chain based in Hackney, east London, which specialises in handmade pies. It was founded in 2001 by Martin Dewey, with the first outlet, "The Square Pie Company", being opened in Spitalfields Market in November of that year. After the success of this shop, and expanding sales by supplying London venues such as The Social and The Lock Tavern and running a stall at Glastonbury, Square Pie opened a concession in Selfridges food hall in London in 2003. A third outlet was opened at Canary Wharf in June 2004 to be followed by sites at The Brunswick Centre in Russell Square, Heathrow Terminal 1, Lord's Cricket Ground and Twickenham.
In 2007, Sainsbury's launched a Square Pie range across 71 of its stores. As with those produced for Square Pies' outlets, the pies in this "Take Me Home and Bake Me" range are handmade, using only natural ingredients, with "clean and simple" packaging designed to reflect Square Pie's image as an "honest British food brand" – Square Pie outlets similarly use brown-board boxes as food containers.
Among the over 116 different types of pies the company made between 2001 and 2006, Square Pie has produced tie-ins to sports championships, making a "humble pie" – kangaroo meat, red onion, field mushroom and Merlot – to mark Australia's loss at the 2003 Rugby World Cup, and running a "Pie World Cup" during the 2006 FIFA World Cup (won by the Senegalese Chicken Yasser). It also launched a pie branded with the London 2012 logo in 2004, in support of London's (successful) bid to host the Olympic Games in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18515623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515623" title="Dangerous When Wet">
Dangerous When Wet

Dangerous When Wet (1953) is an Technicolor Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer musical film starring Esther Williams, Fernando Lamas, and Jack Carson, directed by Charles Walters, and featuring an animated swimming sequence starring Williams with the famous cat-and-mouse duo, Tom and Jerry.
Plot summary.
Katie Higgins (Williams) is the wholesome daughter of a dairy farmer. The entire family (Pa, Ma, Suzie, Katie, and Junior) start the day with a brisk song and morning swim. One day, Katie meets travelling salesman Windy Weebe (Carson) who is instantly smitten. Weebe sells an elixir that purports to turn the user into a peppy, fit-as-a-fiddle specimen, and upon noticing the entire family's strength in the water, suggests that they all attempt to swim the English Channel. The family and Weebe head off to England whereupon they learn that the distance to be conquered is 20 miles "as the seagull flies" but with the currents, can be up to 42 miles. Katie is the only one in the family strong enough to attempt this feat, so she begins training with Weebe as her coach. 
On a foggy day, Katie, in the water, is separated from Weebe, in a rowboat, and is rescued by a handsome Frenchman, Andre Lanet (Lamas). Lanet falls for the spunky American and begins trying to woo her. Katie tries to stay focused on her swim, but is being pulled in different directions by the two men. In a dream sequence, Katie does an underwater ballet with cartoon characters Tom and Jerry, as well as animated depictions of the different people in her life. The film ends happily with Katie's attempt to cross the Channel and the resolution of her gentlemen issues.
Production.
In the underwater sequences in which Williams speaks to Tom and Jerry, Joseph Barbera had pink bubbles drawn coming out of her mouth for a cost of $50,000.
The film's ending was rewritten after an incident that occurred in real life during the shooting of the film when Johnny Weissmuller (Esther's old Aquacade partner) dove into the water to swim alongside Florence Chadwick, whom he was coaching.
Casting.
Debbie Reynolds was originally slated for the role of Williams's little sister, Suzie.
Though Williams had heard of Lamas before his being cast as her love interest in the film, the two had never been formally introduced. In 1969, the two married, and remained so until Lamas's death in 1982. When asked whether she knew him when the studio suggested his name for a possible co-star, Williams mentioned that "he starred in movies with Jane Powell, Greer Garson, and Lana Turner, and knew he was romantically linked to Lana Turner. And [she heard he could swim. Yes, Fernando Lamas sounded like good casting." Lamas initially turned down the role, stating he came to MGM to be a "star", and only wanted to act in "important pictures". Williams had to convince him that his part would be rewritten to be larger.
Release.
According to MGM records the film earned $2,230,000 in the US and Canada and $1,025,000 elsewhere recording a profit of $386,000.
Critical reception.
Bosley Crowther wrote in a 1953 "New York Times" review the "frolicsome item not only dumps you quite often in the drink, but also gives you some rather pleasant company to clown around with while on dry ground. As we say, there is nothing very special or spectacular about "Dangerous When Wet," but it comes as relaxing entertainment at this torpid time of the year."
A review from "Variety" called it "a light mixture of tunes, comedy, water ballet and Esther Williams in a bathing suit."
Home media.
On July 17, 2007, Warner Home Video and Turner Entertainment released "Dangerous When Wet" on DVD as part of the Esther Williams Spotlight Collection, Volume 1. The 5-disc set contained digitally remastered versions of several of Williams's films including "Bathing Beauty" (1944), "Easy to Wed" (1946), "On an Island with You" (1948) and "Neptune's Daughter" (1949)

</doc>
<doc id="18515625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515625" title="Station Place Ravezies – Le Bouscat (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Place Ravezies – Le Bouscat (Tram de Bordeaux)

Place Ravezies - Le Bouscat station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Situation.
The stations is located close to the Place Ravezies.
Junctions.
SNCF.
Ravezies station : TER Bordeaux St Jean - Pauillac - Le Verdon-sur-Mer

</doc>
<doc id="18515639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515639" title="Fear Before the March of Flames (EP)">
Fear Before the March of Flames (EP)

Fear Before the March of Flames is a self-titled release from American post-hardcore band Fear Before the March of Flames. The EP was only available on their first tours before they signed to Rise Records. This is the first release made by the band right after their formation in 2002.
Additional Info.
Recorded at Grey Music Recording Company in Thornton, CO, July-October 2002.
Mixed & Mastered by Jason Anderson.
Produced by Fear Before the March of Flames.
A demo for "Fashion Tips Baby" entitled "Quiet, and Drink This" was also recorded during these sessions but not included on this EP.

</doc>
<doc id="18515647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515647" title="The Early Years 1946–1957">
The Early Years 1946–1957

The Early Years 1946–1957 is a five-disc compilation recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins, released in 2007.
History.
The 158 tracks on this five-disc compilation cover Atkins' career from his very first single ("Guitar Blues") released on Bullet Records to 1957 and "Finger Style Guitar". The selections include quite a few of Atkin's vocal performances from the very earliest 78's he recorded. The releases are placed in chronological order so following Atkins' career steps is both educational and enlightening — especially to those seeking to hear his development as a guitarist.
Discs four and five represent Atkins as one of Nashville's leading studio musicians as well as his own solo albums. The liner notes are extensive and include an essay by Drew Kent.
Reception.
Allmusic stated in their review: "The result is an entertaining and compelling look at the formative years of a crucial figure in the growth of country music, and guitar fans will get a fine buzz from the first-class picking that graces nearly every cut."

</doc>
<doc id="18515664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515664" title="Tel Katzir">
Tel Katzir

Tel Katzir (, "lit." Harvest Hill) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located to the south of the Sea of Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Emek HaYarden Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 202.
The village was founded in 1949 by a gar'in of Hebrew Scouts and a kvutza of youths from kibbutz Afikim. Its name was adapted from the Arabic name for the area, Tel al-Qasr, and also symbolises agriculture. Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion refused to accept the name, insisting that it should be called Beit Katzir because it was not a real tell. However, after the kibbutz's secretariat had put a case, noting that Tel Aviv was not a real tell, and that Ramat Gan (lit. "Garden Heights") was not hilly, they eventually won recognition of their preferred name.
The kibbutz was established on land which belonged to the Palestinian village of Samakh, which was depopulated in 1948.
There is a small museum in the kibbutz about its history and the period between 1948 and 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="18515678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515678" title="Station Grand Parc (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Grand Parc (Tram de Bordeaux)

Grand Parc station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux. The station served as the provisional terminus before the extension to Quinconces (19 November 2007 through 27 February 2008).
Location.
The station is located on Emile Counord avenue in Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18515685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515685" title="Triops australiensis">
Triops australiensis

Triops australiensis, sometimes referred to as a shield shrimp, is an Australian species of the tadpole shrimp "Triops".
Distribution.
"Triops australiensis" has a wide distribution across Australia, excluding the northernmost parts of Western Australia, Northern Territory and Queensland. It is also absent from Tasmania in the south, where it is replaced by "Lepidurus apus". The two species can be distinguished by the presence of a supra-anal plate between the caudal rami at the end of the abdomen in "L. apus", which is lacking in "T. australiensis".
Biology.
"T. australiensis" inhabits temporary pools of water in the arid regions of the Australian outback. When desiccated pools fill with water, the resting eggs hatch into nauplii, and rapidly develop to adulthood. Reproduction succeeds within a few weeks of hatching. Adults achieve a maximum size of around , which is considered large for a tadpole shrimp.

</doc>
<doc id="18515692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515692" title="Station Émile Counord (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Émile Counord (Tram de Bordeaux)

Émile Counord station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Junctions.
There are no junctions with other lines or buses at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18515704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515704" title="East Germany national rugby union team">
East Germany national rugby union team

The East Germany national rugby union team was the representative side of East Germany in rugby union during the country's existence from 1949 to 1990.
East Germany internationals.
East Germany played its first rugby international in 1951 in Bucharest against the Romanians, losing 26-64. The East Germans played against mostly Eastern Bloc countries, but they did play Netherlands (once), Sweden (twice), Denmark (twice) and Luxembourg (once). Their one game against Luxembourg also happened to be their last, taking place shortly before the reunification of Germany in 1990. Despite requests from its West German counterpart, the East German rugby body, "DTSB", refused to permit an international against West Germany to take place and the two teams never played each other over their 40-year history.
The team did not compete in the FIRA championship but did take part in a number of four-nation tournaments: 1961 in Brno, 1964 in Malmö, 1978, 1979 and 1983 in Bulgaria (Varna and Nesebar).
GDR Coaches.
The coaches of the GDR national team were the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18515719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515719" title="List of parties to the Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty">
List of parties to the Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty

The list of parties to the Partial Test Ban Treaty encompasses the states who have signed and ratified or acceded to the international agreement prohibiting all test detonations of nuclear weapons except underground.
On August 5, 1963, the Partial Test Ban Treaty (PTBT) was opened for signature. The principal state authors (the Soviet Union, the United Kingdom, and the United States) signed the treaty that day. The PTBT came into force and closed for signature on October 10, 1963 with the ratification by the three principal states. Since then, states that did not sign the treaty can now only accede or succeed to it.
As of February 2013, 126 active states have ratified or acceded to the treaty, most recently Montenegro on 3 June 2006. A further 10 states have signed but not ratified the treaty. The instrument of ratification, accession, or succession is deposited at the respective capitals of the principal states of the treaty: Moscow, London, and Washington, D.C..
Ratified or acceded states.
Multiple dates indicate the different days in which states submitted their signature or deposition, which varied by location. This location is noted by: (L) for London, (M) for Moscow, and (W) for Washington.
Non-signatory states.
The remaining UN member states, which have not signed the treaty, are:

</doc>
<doc id="18515721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515721" title="Station Camille Godard (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Camille Godard (Tram de Bordeaux)

Camille Godart station is located on ligne of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Situation.
The station is located on Emile Counord avenue in Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18515755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515755" title="Station Place Paul Doumer (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Place Paul Doumer (Tram de Bordeaux)

Place Paul Doumer station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location.
The station is located by Place Paul Doumer in Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18515759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515759" title="Thiess">
Thiess

Thiess may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18515771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515771" title="Bridgnorth Endowed School">
Bridgnorth Endowed School

Bridgnorth Endowed School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in the market town of Bridgnorth in the rural county of Shropshire, England. Founded in 1503, The Endowed School is a state school and is a specialist Technology College. The age range of the School is 11–18 years. It was previously known as the Bridgnorth Grammar School, and the school celebrated the 500th anniversary of its foundation in 2003. Former pupils include Professor Peter Bullock, the inspirational soil scientist who was a member of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
History.
16th, 17th and 18th Centuries.
Bridgnorth Endowed School was founded in 1503, in the reign of Henry VII, established as a 'common school' by the Corporation of the Borough of Bridgnorth. The revenues of the Chantries of St Leonard's Church were originally used to support the school. An annual payment of £8 from the Exchequer was assigned in perpetuity 'to a Schoolmaster keeping a grammar school' at Bridgnorth after the dissolution of the Chantries in 1548 during the reign of Edward VI. A barn, which had been used as the chapel of St John the Baptist (the new Bridgnorth Town Hall was also built in 1652 using material from a dismantled barn), first housed the school. This stood on the north side of St Leonard's churchyard outside St Leonard's Church. By the end of the sixteenth century the former chapel of St John the Baptist was being described as the 'old school-house'. The former chapel of St John the Baptist was replaced in 1595, in the reign of Elizabeth I, by the present building in St Leonard's Close known as the 'Old Grammar School' which now houses a firm of accountants. This building appears to have been erected by Sir Rowland Haywood, a sixteenth-century inhabitant of Bridgnorth who made a name for himself in business in London and became Lord Mayor of London and a Member of Parliament for the City of London. Indeed, Sir John Haywood in his will of 1635 refers to the School as having been founded by his father, Sir Rowland. Sir Rowland appears to have charged a property at Bridgnorth with an annual payment of £20 to the School, a payment later rendered by the Apley estate after Sir William Whitmore's purchase of the land in question in 1623. In 1785, during the reign of George III, the 'Old Grammar School' was renovated with gifts of £200 each given by the town's Members of Parliament, Major Whitmore and Admiral Pigot. The 'Old Grammar School' building still stands in St Leonard's Close and is currently occupied by a firm of accountants.
In 1639 during the reign of Charles I Sir William Whitmore had erected on the east side of St Leonard's Church a house of which part was to be occupied, at a nominal rent, by the Headmaster, and the remainder by the Minister of St Leonard's Church. Sir William Whitmore's building still stands in St Leonard's Close. It has been converted into three private town houses with Grade II* listed status. The School was named by Edward Careswell of Bobbington as one of the several free grammar schools in Shropshire, also including Shrewsbury, Newport, Wem, Shifnal and Donnington (the last appears to have had only a short existence) to benefit by his will, which in 1690, during the reign of William III and Mary II devoted certain local properties to the maintenance of eighteen, later reduced to ten, scholars from these schools at Christ Church, Oxford. These Careswell Exhibitions were first awarded in 1746, during the reign of George II. For 160 years Bridgnorth shared in the resulting close connexion between Shropshire and Christ Church, Oxford, until in 1905 the Exhibitions became tenable elsewhere.
The School was kept clean by the labour of 'a poor boy of the said School' who was paid 4 pence annually by each of his fellows; normal repairs were paid for by the town; the town also added a further £10 to the School's annual income, but when that income had to be divided between the Headmaster and the Usher (who took the younger boys) it was naturally difficult to find and still more so to keep good masters. In 1635, for instance, the School contained only six boys. The reason for the long Headmasterships of Rev. Richard Cornes from 1677 to 1726 and of Rev. Hugh Stackhouse from 1726 to 1743 was that they were both also incumbents of St Mary's Church. Rev. Stackhouse bequeathed to the Bridgnorth his collection of theological books and his memory is preserved in the name of the Stackhouse Library, the octagonal brick building with a dome, built on the northeast side of St Leonard's Church to house the collection of books which he had begun, and by a marble tablet over the building's fireplace. After 1766 no Usher was appointed; but the emoluments could not now support even a single master unless he could attract boarders to the School. Distinguished eighteenth century alumni of the School include Bishop Thomas Percy, Bishop of Dromore and author of Reliques of Ancient English Poetry, Sir John Josiah Guest, the engineer, entrepreneur and Member of Parliament, Dr Thomas Beddoes, the physician and scientific writer, and Dr William Macmichael, physician to Kings George IV and William IV and author of "The Gold-Headed Cane".
19th Century.
In 1817 the Town increased its subsidy to £30, but in 1821 there were only ten boys, when the Dean of Christ Church, Oxford, who had been asked to recommend a candidate, proposed as Headmaster 24-year-old Thomas Rowley of Middleton Scriven, who had himself studied at Christ Church, Oxford. Under Dr Rowley's leadership the School's reputation increased. Dr Rowley's success as a teacher of the Classics soon attracted boarders (housed in the Headmaster's House in St Leonard's Close) from far and near. His pupils included not only Bridgnorth boys, but also those from further afield. The numbers rose to about 150. In 1841 Dr Rowley was attacked by some members of the Town Council who complained of the treatment of the day-boys by the boarders and of the School's concentration on the Classics; but the Borough Treasurer wrote in Rowley's defence that the day-boys can hardly not have benefited from the specialist teachers whom Rowley was able to engage. The East Window of the St Leonard's Church was replaced in memory of Dr Rowley. Dr Rowley's successors after 1850 had not his ability, and accordingly the School's numbers and reputation, and their own emoluments, declined. Unsuccessful attempts were made to acquire some of the funds of the Careswell trust for the improvement of the School's buildings and endowments. Distinguished nineteenth century alumni of the School include Bishop James Fraser, the reforming Bishop of Manchester, Lord Lingen, the influential civil servant, Henry John Roby, the classical scholar, writer on Roman law and Member of Parliament, General Sir Charles Warren, Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police during the period of the Jack the Ripper murders and operational commander of British forces at the Battle of Spion Kop during the Second Boer War, Reverend Robert William Eyton, Rector of Ryton and author of "The Antiquities of Shropshire", Rev. Osborne Gordon, the influential Oxford don, and Bishop Francis Henry Thicknesse, the inaugural Suffragan Bishop of Leicester.
20th Century.
In 1909 the School passed into the control of Shropshire County Council, the new Grammar School building at Northgate having been built in 1908. (This building still forms the core of present day School and in 2003 a clock was placed on the outside of the building to mark the School's 500th anniversary.) In the years immediately previous to 1908 classes were held in three places - the Headmaster's House in St Leonard's Close, the Foster Memorial Institute in the High Street, and the 'Old Grammar School' building in St Leonard's Close. Until 1929 the Bridgnorth Girl's Public High School led an independent existence in the new Grammar School building at Northgate. The Grammar School and the Bridgnorth Girl's Public High School were finally combined in 1929. The mixed School was 'transitionally aided' under the Education Act 1944; in 1955 it become voluntary controlled.
The School's name was changed from Bridgnorth Grammar School to Bridgnorth Endowed School in 1974 when it began the transition from a selective to a comprehensive intake. The new name reflected the Endowed School's history, referring to the endowments it had received. In the nineteenth century the terms endowed school and grammar school were used interchangeably as in the Endowed Schools Act 1869. In the second half of the twentieth century the Endowed School's buildings and sporting facilities on the Northgate site were greatly expanded with a new Lower School complex and a new Leisure Centre which the Endowed School had sole use of during the school day. Famous twentieth century alumni of the School include Sir Cedric Hardwicke, the Hollywood and stage actor, Cyril Washbrook, the cricketer who played for Lancashire and England and who gained a famous record as batsman, Professor Peter Bullock, the inspirational soil scientist who was a member of the IPCC (the work of the IPCC, including the contributions of many scientists, was recognised by the joint award of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize), and the historian John Mason.
The Contemporary School.
The House System.
The Endowed School's three houses are named Rowley (red), Hardwicke (yellow) and Washbrook (green), after Dr Thomas Rowley, Sir Cedric Hardwicke, and Cyril Washbrook, CBE. There are inter-house sporting and other activities with prizes.
Extra-Curricular Activities.
The Endowed School offers a wide range of extra-curricular activities. Pupils can partake in modern, classical and musical drama productions. Instrumental lessons are also available to pupils. Pupils can take part in aerobics, athletics, badminton, basketball, bowls, cricket, cross-country running, dance, darts, gymnastics, hockey, netball, rounders, rugby football|rugby, snooker, soccer, horse club, craft club, squash, swimming, and tennis. Several pupils have been recently selected for County Cricket and Athletics. There are school trips abroad. Pupils also take part in charity activities. In Autumn 1989 Emma Askins was awarded an Army Scholarship for eventual entry to RMA Sandhurst subject to clearances and examination results.
The Lower and Middle Schools.
The curriculum followed throughout years seven, eight and nine (Key Stage 3 of the National Curriculum) includes the full range of National Curriculum subjects plus a second foreign language and PHSE. In years nine, ten and eleven (Key Stage 4 of the National Curriculum) all pupils follow an extended core curriculum allowing all pupils to experience a broad range of subject areas up to the age of sixteen as well as reflecting the requirements of the National Curriculum. All pupils in years seven to eleven are expected to wear the school uniform which includes a navy blue blazer with school badge and a house tie. They are extremely tough on your uniform.
The Sixth Form.
Around 150 students attend the sixth form. AS and A2 subjects offered to 6th form students in years 12 and 13 include Art, Biology, Business Studies, Chemistry, Design, Drama and Theatre Studies, English Language, English Literature, French, Further Maths, geography, History, Information Technology, Maths, Music, Music Technology, Physical Education, Physics, Psychology, Religious Education, and Spanish language|Spanish. Year 12 students take four subjects at AS, and continue with three subjects at A2 in year 13. Sixth form pupils do not wear school uniform.
OFSTED Inspections.
The Endowed School was inspected by OFSTED in 2003 and 2008. In 2003 the inspectors' overall evaluation was that 'this is a very good school.' In 2008 the inspectors agreed with the School's own self-evaluation that the School is providing 'a satisfactory standard of education' and that 'many elements are good'. The 2003 OFSTED inspection had identified modern foreign languages as unsatisfactory. However in 2008 the inspectors noted that there had been a 'great improvement in the leadership of modern foreign languages since the last inspection.' An OFSTED inspection has recently took place, the school received a 'satisfactory' in most areas, pupil's behavior being one of the best, rated as 'good', while the maths department was the least achievable. OFSTED stated that the improvement in maths and English was a minor improvement and more work should be done to improve. From parents, they noted that many teachers have been on leave, saying that it disrupts their child's learning capabilities.
In 2011 the school got satisfactory (3), many of the student categories earning good, (2).
Notable former pupils.
Former pupils are known as 'Old Bridgnorthians'.

</doc>
<doc id="18515776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515776" title="Syed Ehtisham Ahmed Nadvi">
Syed Ehtisham Ahmed Nadvi

Dr. Syed Ehtisham Ahmed Nadvi is one of the top authorities on the Arabic language and Islamic studies, specialising in Arabic Literary Criticism. He is the winner of the 1992 President's Award for Literature, the author of scores of books on Arabic, Urdu and Persian literature. Most of the prescribed course books being taught in Indian universities have been authored by Dr. Nadvi.
Early life and education.
Dr Nadvi was born in the village of Makhdoompur in Amethi, Uttar Pradesh, India, into a well known family of Indian Muslim intelligentsia belonging to the Syed-Qidwai clan. Other members of this well-known clan include Ali Mian, and numerous other luminaries.
He is a graduate of the Natwatul Ullom in Lucknow. He obtained his master's degree in Arabic from the Aligarh Muslim University, and subsequently his PhD from the same institution.
He was the Head for the Arabic Department in University of Calicut.

</doc>
<doc id="18515781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515781" title="Station Jardin Public (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Jardin Public (Tram de Bordeaux)

Jardin Public station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Situation.
The station is located by Verdun in Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18515804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515804" title="Cy the Cardinal">
Cy the Cardinal

Cy the Cardinal is the mascot of Iowa State University's sports teams.
Origin of Cy.
Since a cyclone was difficult to depict in costume, a cardinal was selected from the cardinal and gold of the official school colors. A cardinal-like bird was introduced at the 1954 homecoming pep rally. A contest was conducted to select a name for the mascot, and the winning entry of Cy was submitted by 17 people. The first to submit the name, Mrs. Ed Ohlsen, won a cardinal and gold stadium blanket.
Recognition.
Cy has won two national mascot challenges since 2007; the CBS Sportsline Most Dominant College Mascot on Earth in 2007, and the CapitalOne Bowl National Mascot of the Year in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18515819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515819" title="Chilung Volcano Group">
Chilung Volcano Group

The Chilung Volcanoes () is a group of volcanoes located in northern Taiwan, lying to the east of Taipei and Keelung (Chilung), and adjoining the northern coast of the island of Taiwan. It comprises the largest gold-copper deposits of Taiwan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18515832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515832" title="Poria Illit">
Poria Illit

Poria Illit (, "lit." Upper Poria) is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located to the south of the Sea of Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Emek HaYarden Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 673.
The area was first settled in 1912 and operated as a farm run by Jewish immigrants from the Second Aliyah. However, the original residents left after the outbreak of World War I, and the land was abandoned until 1940. In that year a Noar HaOved kvutza named "Alumot" settled in the area. They renovated the original basalt stone houses, naming the village Poria Alumot. However, in 1947 they were given a permanent site for their kibbutz on Bitania Illit, a hill opposite Poria. The new kibbutz was named Alumot.
A new gar'in group arrived on the site and established a new kibbutz called Poria, but it was dismantled in 1949 and the most of the residents moved to Alumot. Another group of settlers arrived to establish a new village in 1955. The village operated without an administration and it was only in 1991 that it was official recognised as a separate village to Poria - Neve Oved.

</doc>
<doc id="18515845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515845" title="Retired Enlisted Association">
Retired Enlisted Association

The Retired Enlisted Association (TREA) is a non-profit organization of the United States. 
Its mission is to enhance the quality of life for uniformed services enlisted personnel of the United States, their families and survivors - including active components, Reserves, and National Guard, and all retirees. Any enlisted person, retired from an active or reserve component of the United States armed forces, either for length of service or permanent medical disability is eligible for membership. 
TREA was founded by retired Master Sergeants George Skonce and Dean Sorell. Together with other retired enlisted personnel they met at the Ent Air Force Base Non-Commissioned Officers' Club in Colorado Springs, Colorado to form The Retired Enlisted Association on February 18, 1963. Today the organization has 65 active chapters in the United States. 
TREA is incorporated in Colorado and has a congressional charter under Title 36 of the United States Code. It is governed by a volunteer Board of Directors (BOD) elected by the general membership.

</doc>
<doc id="18515873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515873" title="Hugh Boyle (golfer)">
Hugh Boyle (golfer)

Hugh Boyle (born 28 January 1936) is a former Irish professional golfer best known for his achievements in the mid-1960s. 
Boyle was born in Omeath, County Louth, Ireland. In 1966 he was the winner of both the Yominri Open and the Daks Tournament and in the following year gained a second place in the PGA and Senior Service Tournament’s. He finished in seventh place at The Open Championship, behind the champion, Roberto DeVicenzo, and, second placed, Jack Nicklaus, at the Royal Liverpool Golf Club. His final round of 68 was the best by a PGA member that year and won him the Tooting Bec Cup. He also won the Irish PGA Championship in 1967.
Boyle represented Ireland in the 1967 World Cup in Mexico City, partnering with Christy O'Connor Snr. His continued success won him a place on the 1967 Ryder Cup team, where he played twice against Arnold Palmer in the pairs and Gay Brewer in the singles.
Boyle held the professional course record at the Royal Norwich Golf Club with a score of 66.
In 1983, Boyle became a head professional at the Royal Wimbledon Club, a position he retained for over twenty years.

</doc>
<doc id="18515877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515877" title="Carl Andreas Fougstad">
Carl Andreas Fougstad

Carl Andreas Fougstad (2 March 1806 – 3 July 1871) was a Norwegian politician.
He was born and grew up in Alverstraumen, today in Lindås municipality.
He graduated from the University of Oslo as cand.jur. in 1831. In 1828 he had been chairman in the Det Norske Studentersamfund for half a year.
He was a member of the social circle "Intelligenspartiet", whose most famous members were Anton Martin Schweigaard, Frederik Stang and Johan Sebastian Welhaven. Fougstad was a co-editor of their newspaper "Den Constitutionelle" from 1836 to 1837. He authored the publications "Det norske Storthing i 1833", "Repertorium for Oplysninger og Undersøgelser vedkommende viktige Gjenstande for ottende ordentlige Storthings Virksomhed" with three volumes in 1835 and 1836 (with Frederik Stang) and "Det norske Storthing i 1836".
Most of the members of "Intelligenspartiet" held some public office ("embete"); Fougstad worked as a civil servant in the Ministry of Finance from 1831 to 1845. From 1845 to 1850 he worked as chief of police in Christiania, the capital of Norway.
As a politician he was a member of Christiania city council from 1842 to 1850, serving as mayor from 1843 to 1845. Fougstad was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1848, representing the constituency "Christiania og Lillehammer". From 1850 to 1868 he served as burgomaster of Christiania.
He was proclaimed Knight of the Order of St. Olav in 1855. He was also held the Russian Order of St. Anna, 2nd class, and was a commander of the Swedish Order of the Polar Star. In 1901 a street in Oslo, "Fougstads gate", was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18515892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515892" title="Top Club">
Top Club

Top Club was a Scottish regional television game show produced by Grampian Television (now "STV North") between 1971 and 1998. 
History.
Running for over 28 years, "Top Club" was an annual tournament of general knowledge quiz games involving clubs and organisations from the Northern Scotland region. According to an interview with presenter Frank Gilfeather, the programme was the most watched regional light entertainment programme in the ITV network, winning audience shares of up to 46%.
Initially broadcast until 1974 as "Top Team", the programme was initially axed in 1984 before being revived in 1989 with new presenter Frank Gilfeather, who continued until the series was axed for a second time in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18515906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515906" title="Let's Ryde 2Night EP">
Let's Ryde 2Night EP

"Let's Ryde 2Night EP" is an EP by rap group Tha Dogg Pound. It was released online as an iTunes exclusive after Tha Dogg Pound's deal with Cash Money Records was postponed. The featured single Ch-Ching was intended for their 100 Wayz album, but was released on Let's Ryde 2Night along with several other new songs as well a few unreleased Dogg Pound tracks that were originally recorded for Cali Iz Active.

</doc>
<doc id="18515909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515909" title="1999–2000 Real Madrid C.F. season">
1999–2000 Real Madrid C.F. season

The 1999–2000 season was Real Madrid C.F.'s 69th season in La Liga. This article shows statistics of the club's players in the season, and also lists all matches that the club played in the 1999–2000 season. 
This was the season that marked the start of the Vicente del Bosque era of trophy winning at the club, having taken over from John Toshack early in the campaign. The squad was also largely different from the previous squad, with the arrival of Steve McManaman and Nicolas Anelka from the FA Premier League, as well as local talents Michel Salgado, and Ivan Helguera, to support the budding young talent of Raúl, Iker Casillas, Fernando Morientes as well as Guti, and the older veterans like Fernando Hierro and Roberto Carlos.
Players.
Transfers.
In.
Total spending: €95,700,000
Out.
Total income: €0 million

</doc>
<doc id="18515918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515918" title="In the Middle of the City">
In the Middle of the City

In the Middle of the City (Georgian: შუა ქალაქში) is a Georgian sitcom about a group of friends in the Tbilisi district of Vake. The show is produced by "The Night Show Studio". It is originally broadcast from 2007 to 2009. The show premiered on September 23, 2007 and completed its first season on July 13, 2007. Second season has been confirmed by ImediTV. It is filmed in Tbilisi, Georgia. The plot follows the life of one peculiar family, with friends, in Tbilisi, each of which has a risible, odd life-style with lots of unexpectedness. As for the frivolous family, with singular friends and neighbouring gossip girls, they lead a normal life.
Cast.
Main Cast In Order of Appearance
Episodes Cast
Crew.
Project Manager
Executive Producer
Project Director
Set Director
Screenplay
Computer Grapichs and Editing
Set Operators
Operators
Painter
Segment-Producers
Coordinador
Studio Design
Decorators
Sound Operator
Lighting
Intro Music
Intro Graphics
Studio Engineers
Visage
Operators Assistant
Format Consultants
Episode Dates.
Season 1
September:
October:
November:
December:
May:
June:
July:
Season 2
October:
November:
December:
January:

</doc>
<doc id="18515925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515925" title="Go Into Your Dance">
Go Into Your Dance

Go Into Your Dance is a 1935 musical film directed by Archie Mayo and starring Al Jolson, Ruby Keeler, Glenda Farrell, and Helen Morgan.
Plot.
Broadway star Al Howard’s (Al Jolson) business is slow, and no producers are taking part in his business. It seems that he just trots off to Mexico any time he wants, causing shows to close and producers to lose money. When Howard’s sister, Molly (Glenda Farrell), can no longer find Al work, she teams him up with a young, talented dancer named Dorothy (Ruby Keeler) for a club date in Chicago. Now, with another success, Al wants to open his own club on Broadway, so he borrows money from a gangster (Barton MacLane) to open the show. Al has Dorothy, who he ignores, the gangster’s money and the gangster's female, Luana (Helen Morgan). All he has to do is keep them all happy, until Luana sets her cap for the beleaguered Al, and everything terrible that could happen does.
Cast.
Al Jolson ... 
Al Howard<br>
Ruby Keeler ... 
Dorothy 'Dot' Wayne<br>
Glenda Farrell ... 
Molly Howard, aka Lucille Thompson<br>
Barton MacLane ... 
Duke Hutchinson (billed as Barton Mac Lane)<br>
Patsy Kelly ... 
Irma 'Toledo' Knight<br>
Akim Tamiroff ... 
Mexican in La Cucaracha Cantina<br>
Helen Morgan ... 
Luana Wells<br>
References.
One of the most famous of early musicals, this film includes the number: "About a Quarter to nine". A great tune, great lyrics and Ruby Keeler dances well. Al Jolson sings it. This number was also recreated in color in the biopic, "The Jolson Story". The stars are going to twinkle and shine, this evening about a quarter to nine...

</doc>
<doc id="18515930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515930" title="Fourth Council of Constantinople (Roman Catholic)">
Fourth Council of Constantinople (Roman Catholic)

The Fourth Council of Constantinople (Roman Catholic) was the eighth Catholic Ecumenical Council held in Constantinople from October 5, 869, to February 28, 870. It included 102 bishops, three papal legates, and four patriarchs. The Council met in ten sessions from October 869 to February 870 and issued 27 canons.
The council was called by Emperor Basil I the Macedonian and Pope Adrian II. It deposed Photios, a layman who had been appointed as Patriarch of Constantinople, and reinstated his predecessor Ignatius.
The Council also reaffirmed the decisions of the Second Council of Nicaea in support of icons and holy images and required the image of Christ to have veneration equal with that of the gospel book.
A later council, the Greek Fourth Council of Constantinople, was held after Photios had been reinstated on the order of the emperor. Today, the Roman Catholic Church recognizes the council in 869–870 as "Constantinople IV", while the Eastern Orthodox Churches recognize the councils in 879–880 as "Constantinople IV" and revere Photios as a saint. At the time that these councils were being held, this division was not yet clear. These two councils represent a growing divide between East and West. The previous seven ecumenical councils are recognized as ecumenical and authoritative by both Eastern Orthodox and Catholic Christians. These kinds of differences led eventually to the East-West Schism of 1054.
Background.
With the coronation of Charlemagne by Pope Leo III in 800, the papacy had acquired a new protector in the West. This freed the pontiffs to some degree from the power of the emperor in Constantinople but it also led to a schism, because the emperors and patriarchs of Constantinople interpreted themselves as the true descendants of the Roman Empire.
After the Byzantine emperor summarily dismissed St Ignatius of Constantinople as patriarch of that city, Pope Nicholas I refused to recognize his successor Patriarch Photios I of Constantinople. Photios, in turn, attacked the pope as a heretic, because he kept the filioque in the creed, which referred to the Holy Spirit emanating from God the Father "and" the Son. The Council condemned Photius, who questioned the legality of the papal delegates presiding over the Council and ended the schism. -->.
Photian schism.
In 858, Photius, a noble layman from a local family, was appointed Patriarch of Constantinople, the most senior episcopal position save only that of Rome. Emperor Michael III had deposed the previous patriarch, Ignatius. Ignatius refused to abdicate, setting up a power struggle between the Emperor and Pope Nicholas I. In 867, a council in Constantinople excommunicated Nicholas. In addition, his claims of primacy, his contacts with Bulgaria, and the Filioque clause were condemned.
The 869–870 Council condemned Photius and deposed him as patriarch and reinstated his predecessor Ignatius. It also ranked Constantinople before the other three Eastern patriarchates of Alexandria, Antioch and Jerusalem and anathematized the teaching, supposedly held by Photius, that there are two human souls, one spiritual and immortal, one earthly and mortal.
Support for icons and holy images.
One of the key elements of the Council was the reaffirmation of the decisions of the Second Council of Nicaea in support of icons and holy images. The council thus helped stamp out any remaining embers of Byzantine iconoclasm. Specifically, its third Canon required the image of Christ to have veneration equal with that of the gospel book:
We decree that the sacred image of our Lord Jesus Christ, the liberator and Savior of all people, must be venerated with the same honor as is given the book of the holy Gospels. For as through the language of the words contained in this book all can reach salvation, so, due to the action which these images exercise by their colors, all wise and simple alike, can derive profit from them. For what speech conveys in words, pictures announce and bring out in colors.
The council also encouraged the veneration of the images of the Virgin Mary, angels and saints:
If anyone does not venerate the image of Christ our Lord, let him be deprived of seeing him in glory at his second coming. The image of his all pure Mother and the images of the holy angels as well as the images of all the saints are equally the object of our homage and veneration.

</doc>
<doc id="18515932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515932" title="Lars Rasch">
Lars Rasch

Lars Rasch (24 May 1797 – 12 January 1864) was a Norwegian jurist and politician.
He was born in Eger. He finished secondary education in 1818, and graduated as cand.jur. in 1822. He then worked as an attorney.
In politics, he was mayor of Christiania in 1845 and from 1847 to 1852.
He was proclaimed Knight of the Order of St. Olav in 1853.

</doc>
<doc id="18515939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515939" title="Rafter H Entertainment">
Rafter H Entertainment

Rafter H Entertainment is a media company owned by actress, singer and entrepreneur Hilary Duff.
The company is based in Los Angeles and currently runs various departments including Clothing, Fragerances and Film.
R.H.E. has so far produced two feature films: Material Girls where Duff serves as producer with her sister and mother, and According to Greta where she is credited as executive producer.
Duff's clothing line Stuff by Hilary Duff, which was distributed worldwide, was a subsidiary of Rafter H. It has now been discontinued. Duff's fragrances, including With Love Hilary Duff is partly owned by Rafter H despite being distributed and marketed by Elizabeth Arden.

</doc>
<doc id="18515968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515968" title="Alethea Hayter">
Alethea Hayter

Alethea Catharine Hayter OBE, FRSL (7 November 1911 - 10 January 2006) was an English author and British Council Representative.
Family and early life.
Hayter was the daughter of Sir William Goodenough Hayter, a legal adviser to the Egyptian government, and his wife, Alethea Slessor, daughter of a Hampshire rector. Her brother, another Sir William Goodenough Hayter, went on to become British ambassador to the Soviet Union and Warden of New College, Oxford, while her sister Priscilla Napier was a biographer.
Hayter spent her early years in Cairo, Egypt, in the years before the First World War, where the three Hayter children were well taught by a governess. The children’s lives changed dramatically when their father died, still in his fifties, and they returned to England in reduced circumstances. Alethea Hayter was only twelve years old. Her sister Priscilla later described their happy childhood in Cairo in her memoir "A Late Beginner" (1966). The three all won scholarships for their higher education. Hayter was educated at Downe House School, in Berkshire, then under the headship of its founder Olive Willis, and at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford, where she arrived in 1929 and went on to graduate BA in modern history. Of her time at Oxford, Hayter later wrote "We were conventional and innocent, though we considered ourselves pioneering and revolutionary — not in politics, we were not much interested in them, but in our preferences in literature, the arts, social values... In our Oxford days, none of us could have boiled a potato, let alone made a soufflé, or would have known an azalea from a stinging nettle."
She never married.
Career.
Following her years at Oxford, Hayter was on the editorial staff of "Country Life" until 1938. During the Second World War she worked in postal censorship in London, Gibraltar, Bermuda, and Trinidad.
In 1945, she joined the British Council, and in 1952 was posted to Greece as an assistant Representative. In 1960, she went to Paris as Deputy Representative and assistant cultural attaché, and her apartment on the Île Saint-Louis became a meeting place for writers and artists. Her last British Council posting was as Representative to Belgium, and she retired in 1971.
She was a member of the governing bodies of the Old Vic and the Sadler's Wells Theatre and of the management committee of the Society of Authors.

</doc>
<doc id="18515971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515971" title="List of countries by alcohol consumption">
List of countries by alcohol consumption

This is a list of countries by alcohol consumption measured in equivalent litres of pure ethyl alcohol consumed per capita per year, according to the most recent data from the World Health Organization. The methodology used by the WHO calculated use by persons 15 years of age or older.
All columns refer to 2011 only, except the columns "recorded" and "total". The column "recorded" refers to the average recorded consumption for the period 2003–2005. Unrecorded consumption was calculated using empirical investigations and expert judgments. Total is the sum of the first two columns. The last four columns are a breakdown of the (2005) recorded alcohol consumption by type. Beer refers to malt beer, wine refers to grape wine, spirits refers to all distilled beverages, and the column "other" refers to all other alcoholic beverages. The values were corrected for tourism only in countries where the number of tourists per year was at least equal to the number of inhabitants.
No data was available for , , , , , , ,and .

</doc>
<doc id="18515997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18515997" title="Tesla's oscillator">
Tesla's oscillator

Tesla's electro-mechanical oscillator is a steam-powered electric generator patented by Nikola Tesla in 1893. Later in life Tesla claimed one version of the oscillator caused an earthquake in New York City in 1898, gaining it the popular culture title "Tesla's earthquake machine".
Description.
Tesla's oscillator is a reciprocating electricity generator. Steam would be forced into the oscillator, and exit through a series of ports, pushing a piston up and down that was attached to an armature, causing it to vibrate up and down at high speed, producing electricity. The casing was by necessity very strong, as temperatures due to pressure heating in the upper chamber exceeded 200 degrees, and the pressure reached 400psi. Some versions used air trapped behind the piston as an "air spring", increasing efficiency. Another variation used electromagnets to control the frequency of the piston's oscillation.
Tesla developed many versions of the oscillator and looked on it as a possible replacement for inefficient reciprocating steam engines used to turn generators, but it was superseded by the development of highly efficient steam turbines. Tesla also used the highly regular tunable oscillation of the device to set frequency in his high frequency electrical and wireless transmission experiments. There are also claims it had a physiological effect on people subjected to its vibrations in that it acted as a laxative causing people to immediately run to the bathroom afterwards.
"Earthquake" claims.
In 1935 at his annual birthday party/press meeting a 79 year old Tesla related a story where he claimed a version of his mechanical oscillator caused extreme vibrations in structures and even an earthquake in downtown New York City. Reporter John J O'Neill's biography of Nikola Tesla includes a version of this story (date of the telling not given).
One version of the story has Tesla experimenting with a small version of his mechanical oscillator at his laboratory on 46 East Houston Street near the Manhattan neighborhood of SoHo. Tesla said the oscillator was around long, and weighing one or two pounds; something "you could put in your overcoat pocket". At one point while experimenting with the oscillator, he alleged it generated a resonance in several buildings causing complaints to the police. As the speed grew he said that the machine oscillated at the resonance frequency of his own building and, belatedly realizing the danger, he was forced to use a sledge hammer to terminate the experiment, just as the police arrived. Other versions have Tesla smashing the device before the police arrive and have multi-ton equipment in the basement moving around. Another version has Tesla clamping an oscillator to a building under construction and causing it to vibrate so violently the steelworkers working on it left the building in a panic.
At the 1935 party Tesla also claimed the mechanical oscillator could destroy the Empire State Building with "Five pounds of air pressure" if attached on a girder and that he expected to earn $100 million from the oscillator within two years.
MythBusters.
The oscillator / "earthquake machine" was explored in 2006 in Episode 60 – "Earthquake Machine". The Mythbusters made a device powered by electricity rather than steam. It produced vibrations that could be felt several yards away, but no earthquake shaking on the "modern" bridge they attached to; they judged that the claim that the device produced an earthquake to be false (i.e. a "busted myth").

</doc>
<doc id="18516001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516001" title="Gordon Norrie">
Gordon Norrie

Gordon Norrie (May 6, 1855 - October 11, 1941) was a Danish surgeon and ophthalmologist of Scottish parentage who was born in Helsingør (Elsinore). He was married to Charlotte Norrie, née Harbou (1855–1940), who was a pioneer of modern nursing.
He studied medicine at the University of Copenhagen. Originally trained as a surgeon, his interest later turned to ophthalmology, where he specialized in treatment of the blind. From 1903 to 1938 he worked as an ophthalmologist at the ophthalmology clinic of the Royal Danish Institute for the Blind, later the Statens Øjenklinik (the National Eye Clinic). 
He is associated with the eponymous "Norrie disease", a rare form of hereditary blindness that he described in 1927, and referred to as "atrophia oculi congenita". This disorder is characterized by severe retinal malformations, cataracts, leukocoria and atrophy of the iris.
The Gordon Norrie Centre for Genetic Eye Diseases at the National Eye Clinic in Hellerup, Copenhagen was named in his honor. The National Eye Clinic is now part of the Kennedy Center in Glostrup, another Copenhagen suburb.

</doc>
<doc id="18516011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516011" title="Heino Schmieden">
Heino Schmieden

Heino Schmieden (May 15, 1835 - September 7, 1913) was a German architect.
Biography.
Schmieden was born in Soldin, New March (modern Myślibórz, Poland)
In 1866 Schmieden graduated from the renowned Bauakademie in Berlin with a diploma in architecture. Even during his last year at the school he had been continuing his studies with trips to France, England and Italy.
With high artistic aspirations he produced plans for museums, hospitals, monuments and villas in addition to conceiving numerous residence and office buildings. Until Martin Gropius' death in 1880, he and Schmieden worked together to develop their architecture firm, "Fa. Gropius & Schmieden", into one of Berlin's greatest. The firm continued to produce great work thereafter as Schmieden teamed up with such notable architects as Robert Speer, Victor von Weltzien and Julius Boethke to run it.
The present-day Martin Gropius Bau in Berlin was built in 1881 based on plans by Schmieden and Martin Gropius as an applied art museum. It was constructed in the style of the Italian Renaissance and has a central atrium. Mosaics with allegories from various ages and the coats of arms of German states decorate the spaces between windows.
In 1881 he became a member of the Berlin Bauakademie followed by his admittance in 1887 to the Akademie der Künste.
He is buried in the Alter St. Matthäus Kirchhof in the Schöneberg neighborhood of Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="18516022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516022" title="DRG Class 98.11">
DRG Class 98.11

The Class 98.11 steam locomotives of the Deutsche Reichsbahn were rebuilds of the Bavarian Class GtL 4/4 (DRG Class 98.8-9). 
Because the riding qualities of the Class 98.10 were still not good enough to raise the speed of branch line ("Lokalbahn") trains in Bavaria significantly, the Reichsbahn decided in 1934 to rebuild a Class GtL 4/4 engine (no. 98 906). Amongst other things, it was given an additional leading axle. As a result the boiler and driver's cab had to be moved forward, which resulted in their having to be raised by 250 mm. 
After trials with the locomotive had proved successful, it was decided to modify another 26 engines by 1939 and to allocate them to a new locomotive class. A further engine followed in each of the years 1940 and 1941. The rebuilds were given numbers 98 1101 - 98 1129.
The permitted top speed of the rebuilds could be raised to 55 km/h, compared with 40 km/h for the GtL 4/4 and 45 km/h for the Class 98.10.
All 29 locomotives survived the Second World War. Apart from 98 1108, which went to the DR in East Germany, they all went into the Deutsche Bundesbahn. The East German engine was retired in 1967; those in the West between 1960 and 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="18516028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516028" title="Juri Judt">
Juri Judt

Juri Judt (born 24 July 1986 in Karaganda, Kazakhstan) is a German footballer who currently plays for 1. FC Saarbrücken.
International career.
He has represented the German national under-21 football team on four occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="18516032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516032" title="II Army Corps (Greece)">
II Army Corps (Greece)

The IΙ Army Corps () was an army corps of the Hellenic Army. Established in 1913, it took part in all subsequent wars of Greece. Since 1998 the corps functioned as a strategic reserve force, and comprised the Army's special forces and army aviation units, as well as mechanized infantry. It was disbanded on 29 November 2013.
History.
The II Army Corps was founded after the Balkan Wars, on 17 August 1913 (O.S.). Initially headquartered at Athens, it was transferred to Patras in December of the same year. During World War I it fought in the Macedonian front, and then participated in the Asia Minor Campaign. Following the Greek defeat in August 1922, the Corps was reconstituted on 7 September 1922 (O.S.) in eastern Macedonia, as part of the Army of Evros.
The Corps took part in the Greco-Italian War of 1940–41 from the beginning, and lasted until the Greek defeat and disbandment of the Greek Army after the German invasion of Greece in April 1941. After liberation from the German occupation, II Army Corps was re-established in 1946 at Larissa and took part in the Greek Civil War. After the end of the Civil War in 1949, the Corps was moved to Kozani, where it remained until July 1962, when it moved to Veroia, its final base. During this period, the Corps provided the bulk of the Greek Expeditionary Force in Korea. 
From 1 January 1998, the Corps ceased to be a territorial formation, and was transformed into a rapid reaction and strategic reserve force under the operational command of the Hellenic National Defence General Staff. On 1 July 2002, the Corps became a combined arms headquarters, and was renamed four months later into the Reaction, Reinforcement, Reserve Forces Headquarters (Στρατηγείο Δυνάμεων Αντίδρασης, Ενίσχυσης, Εφεδρείας [ΣΔΑΕΕ (Β’ΣΣ)]). On 19 July 2005, it reverted to a purely Army command, and returned to its former name. Following a wide-ranging defence review that decided upon a new force structure for the Greek armed forces, in April 2013 KYSEA decided the disbandment of II Army Corps, with its subordinate formations to come under the direct command of the First Army. The Corps was dissolved on 29 November 2013.
Emblem and Motto.
The Corps' emblem depicts an Ancient Spartan shield over crossed spears. It symbolizes strength, militancy and determination of the ancients.
The motto of the II Army Corps is "Either With It, or On It" (, "I tan i epi tas"). 
Spartan mothers would utter the phrase to their sons before they went to war, reminding them to return victorious with the shield, or be brought back dead upon it. Returning home without a shield meant the soldier deserted (A hoplite could not escape the field of battle unless he tossed away the heavy and cumbersome shield).

</doc>
<doc id="18516041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516041" title="Actua Golf">
Actua Golf

Actua Golf (known as "VR Golf '97" in North America) is a sports video game developed by Gremlin Interactive for the PlayStation and Sega Saturn. It is part of the "Actua Sports" series.
Sequels.
"Actua Golf" spawned 2 sequels, which were "Actua Golf 2" and "Actua Golf 3".

</doc>
<doc id="18516043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516043" title="Arvada Flour Mill">
Arvada Flour Mill

Arvada Flour Mill, also known as Tiller's Moving & Storage, Inc. is a vacant flour mill in Arvada, Colorado that is or was owned by Tiller's Moving & Storage, Inc. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. The Arvada Historical Society owns the mill and provides tours of the Arvada Flour Mill Museum by appointment.

</doc>
<doc id="18516049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516049" title="Frogtown">
Frogtown

Frogtown is a neighborhood in Saint Paul in the U.S. state of Minnesota. Built around University Avenue, the Thomas-Dale neighborhood is colloquially known as Frogtown (). Historically, Frogtown was a subsection of the current Thomas-Dale neighborhood. It is bordered by University Avenue on the south, the Burlington Northern Railroad tracks to the north, Lexington Parkway on the west and Rice Street on the east.
Early settlement.
The neighborhood was first settled 1860–1880 as the downtown area outgrew its borders. Workers on the St. Paul and Pacific Railroad, now BNSF Railway, which was built just to the north of the neighborhood sought housing nearby. Minnesota's first successful locomotive run occurred on these tracks in 1882. Shortly thereafter the Jackson Street Railroad Shops were built just northeast of Frogtown. The Jackson Street Shops were then joined by other railroad related industries in the area including the Saint Paul Foundry, built near Como and Western Avenues, providing additional employment opportunities for residents.
Residential development moved westward through the neighborhood as Polish, Scandinavian, German, and Irish immigrants took blue-collar jobs in the area. They built modest wood frame and brick houses on small lots in the neighborhood. Urban renewal has wiped out many of these homes, but working-class Victorian homes from the 1880s are extant, some adorned with arched window and door openings, brick window hoods, and frilly intact open porches.
Commerce.
Commercial buildings lined University Avenue as street cars along the corridor were able to efficiently transport workers to employers. The line also became the first intercity street car line, connecting Minneapolis with Saint Paul in 1890.
Today.
A profusion of immigrant-owned businesses line University Avenue, offering clothing, shoes, jewelry, household items, entertainment media (DVDs, CDs, video games) and groceries. Immigrants from Africa operate several Halal meat markets in the area, which also offer traditional African breads, spices and foodstuffs. Mexican-American immigrants operate small traditional Mexican carnicerías. The avenue is dotted with restaurants serving Cambodian, Thai, Laotian, Hmong, Vietnamese, Chinese-American and Mexican cuisine, some of it very authentic. A notable local barbecue sells Southern-style barbecued pork ribs, beef ribs and chicken at their location near the northwest corner of University Avenue and Dale Street.
During the summer and fall months, a Hmong-American farmer's market operates in the Unidale Mall parking lot at the intersection of University Avenue and Kent Street, with vendors offering a wide selection of fresh produce including many exotic Asian herbs and vegetables, some of which are not widely known in the United States. The selection offered includes an unusually large variety of eggplants, peppers, squashes, edible vines and leafy vegetables. There are no scales at the market, as produce is sold by volume or quantity, rather than by weight.
Transportation.
The METRO Green Line light rail will serve the neighborhood beginning in 2014, with stops on University Avenue at Victoria Street, Dale Street, and Western Avenue.
Education.
St. Paul Public Schools serves Frogtown. Some residents are zoned to Jackson Elementary, while some are zoned to Galtier Elementary. Some residents are zoned to Ramsey Middle, and some are zoned to Washington Middle. Some residents are zoned to Central High School, and some are zoned to Como Park High School.
Saint Paul Public Library operates the Rondo Community Outreach Library adjacent to Frogtown. The newly renovated Rondo Library was scheduled to open in late August 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18516051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516051" title="Al-Uddeisa">
Al-Uddeisa

al-Uddeisa () is a Palestinian village located four kilometers east of Hebron.The village is in the Hebron Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 1,474 in mid-year 2006. The primary health care facilities for the village are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18516054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516054" title="Bnei Dror">
Bnei Dror

Bnei Dror (, "lit." Sons of Liberty) is a moshav shitufi in central Israel. Located near Netanya and covering 3,200 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 1,200.
The village was founded on 12 May 1946 by demobilised soldiers from the British Army who had fought in North Africa and Italy during World War II and had first had the idea of establishing a moshav in 1941. Its name symbolises the founders' desire to live a free life.
Residents work in agriculture and factories for furniture, sunglasses and packaging, as well as a shopping centre, regional school and pensioners' home.

</doc>
<doc id="18516067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516067" title="Annie Aggens">
Annie Aggens

Annie Aggens is a polar expedition leader for Polar Explorers. She is one of only a few women who have led treks to both the North and South Poles. 
In May 2008, she led an international team on a 25-day trek across the Greenland Ice Cap. She is also the co-author, with Chris Townsend, of the "Encyclopedia of Outdoor & Wilderness Skills: The Ultimate A-Z Guide for The Adventurous." 2003. Ragged Mountain Press. ISBN 0-07-138406-5. 
In 2006, she founded ICECAAP, an international consortium of polar explorers dedicated to preserving the polar environment.

</doc>
<doc id="18516069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516069" title="Henrich Herman Foss">
Henrich Herman Foss

Henrich Herman Mejer Foss (17 September 1790 – 21 September 1853) was a Norwegian officer and politician.
He was born in Bergen. He participated in the Gunboat War as artillery officer. He eventually rose to Lieutenant Colonel in the Norwegian Army, a rank he acquired in 1843.
As a politician Foss was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1827 from the constituency Bergen, in 1830 from Moss, and from Christiania in 1833, 1836, 1839, 1842 and 1845. He was mayor of Christiania in 1838, 1840 and 1841.
Foss authored several publications, including "Bergens Beskrivelse" in 1824 (with Lyder Sagen), publications on politics as well as songs. Some of the songs were intended to celebrate the Norwegian Constitution Day, of which Foss was a proponent. He also proposed a Norwegian civil ensign during the personal union with Sweden.
Streets have been named after him in Bergen, Oslo and Kongsberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18516071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516071" title="Casimiro Montenegro Filho">
Casimiro Montenegro Filho

Casimiro Montenegro Filho (29 October 1904—26 February 2000) was a Brazilian army and air force officer. He reached the rank of Marechal-do-ar, the highest rank of the Brazilian Air Force rank system.
Born in Fortaleza, Montenegro joined Realengo Military School in 1923, and in 1928 became an Aspirant in the Brazilian army's first class of aviators for its new Military Aviation Arm. He later served under Eduardo Gomes, another future Marshal of the Air. 
In 1943, while a lieutenant-colonel, he proposed the creation of the "Instituto Tecnológico de Aeronáutica - ITA" (Aeronautical Technology Institute) - and the "Centro Técnico de Aeronáutica - CTA" (Aeronautics Technical Center), later "Centro Técnico Aeroespacial - CTA" (Aerospace Technical Center) and "Comando-Geral de Tecnologia Aeroespacial - CTA" (Brazilian General Command for Aerospace Technology), nowadays the "Departamento de Ciência e Tecnologia Aeroespacial - DCTA" (Department of Aerospace Science and Technology). 
Two years later, that proposal was translated into a plan, with the collaboration of MIT Professor Richard Harbert Smith, who became, in the sequence, the first rector of ITA. He died in Petrópolis at the age of 95.

</doc>
<doc id="18516084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516084" title="Crossfire (Scotland)">
Crossfire (Scotland)

Crossfire is a Scottish regional television current affairs programme produced and broadcast by Grampian Television between 1984 and 2004.
The programme covered political, business and social issues concerning the northern Scotland region and was the successor to the long-running "Points North" series, broadcast between 1961 and 1984.
"Crossfire" was also broadcast in the Scottish Television region during the late 1990s and early 2000s. The programme was axed in 2004 to make way for a new political programme entitled "Politics Now", co-produced by Scottish and Grampian (now "STV Central" and "STV North" respectively).

</doc>
<doc id="18516091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516091" title="Ein Sarid">
Ein Sarid

Ein Sarid (, "lit." Survivor Spring) is a moshav in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 1,200.
The village was founded in 1950 as a ma'abara. It was expanded in 1989 and again in 1994; the new part becoming known as Ein Sarid Hadash (lit. "New Ein Sarid"). 

</doc>
<doc id="18516097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516097" title="Policarpio Calizaya">
Policarpio Calizaya

Policarpio Calizaya Huaca (born September 10, 1962) is a retired long-distance runner from Bolivia, who represented his native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988. He was the oldest member at the 1996 Summer Olympics for Bolivia, and carried the flag at the opening ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="18516098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516098" title="Andrew McCulloch (footballer)">
Andrew McCulloch (footballer)

Andrew "Andy" McCulloch is a former English professional footballer who played for Q.P.R., Cardiff City, Oxford United, Brentford, Sheffield Wednesday, Crystal Palace and Aldershot. He played a total of 475 games in all competitions for his seven league clubs, scoring 153 goals in a career which lasted from 1970 until 1985. McCulloch was a Centre Forward in the "Target Man" mould, being 6 ft 2in (1.88 m) tall, he was good in the air, using his strong physique to hold off defenders and lay the ball off to team mates. He made one appearance for the Scotland national under 23 team.
McCulloch was born in Northampton on 3 January 1950. He was the son of Adam McCulloch who played over 200 league games for Northampton Town, Shrewsbury Town and Aldershot. Andy was brought up in Hampshire, the family moving there when his father signed for Aldershot in 1953. On leaving school he attended university and obtained a Civil engineering degree before playing full time football.
Playing career.
Andy McCulloch first made a name for himself as a teenager playing for Fleet Town in the Hampshire League and was subsequently invited for a trial at Tottenham Hotspur. However nothing came of the Tottenham connection and he signed for non-league Walton & Hersham being part of the team which won the Athenian League title in the 1968–69 season. McCulloch was spotted by Queens Park Rangers manager Les Allen and he signed for Rangers in October 1970.
Queens Park Rangers.
The 20-year old McCulloch made his Ranger's debut immediately, replacing Frank Saul in the team, playing in a 5–2 home win over Birmingham City on 17 October 1970 and scoring the fifth goal. He did not actually get paid for that debut match as he was still registered as an amateur, his professional registration coming through a few days later. McCulloch was never a regular member of the Rangers team over the next two years, making 30 starts in League matches. His days at Rangers were numbered when they bolstered their forward line by signing Stan Bowles and Don Givens for the start of the 1972–73 season and he was sold to Cardiff City for a fee of £45,000 in October 1972.
Cardiff City and Oxford United.
In his two years at Cardiff the team had a fairly mediocre time finishing near the bottom of Division Two in both seasons. McCulloch however had good form, top scoring in both seasons, notching 30 goals in 68 matches in all competitions. It was at this time that he was called up for his only cap for the Scotland under-23 team, his Scottish parentage making him eligible even though he was born in England. Cardiff won the Welsh Cup in both seasons that McCulloch played there, qualifying them for the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and in September 1973 McCulloch played against Sporting Clube de Portugal in the two-legged first round tie of the cup which Cardiff lost 2–1 on aggregate to give him his only experience of European football in his career. In July 1974 he moved to another Second Division side, Oxford United in a £70,000 deal, he had a fairly disappointing time at Oxford with the team relegated in his second season (1975–76) and McCulloch making only 12 League appearances.
Brentford.
With his career stalling McCulloch was forced to drop down to Division Four in his next move when he joined Brentford in March 1976 for £25,000. His move to The Bees rejuvenated his career although it was not until his second full season (1977–78) that things really started to happen when Brentford achieved promotion with McCulloch scoring 22 goals in 45 League appearances and forming a fine striking partnership with Steve Phillips who contributed an excellent 32 goals. In the Summer of 1978 McCulloch was loaned out to Oakland Stompers of the North American Soccer League where he made 18 appearances, scoring three goals with one assist. Back at Brentford for the 1978–79 campaign, the team consolidated their position in Division Three with McCulloch contributing 13 goals.
Sheffield Wednesday.
McCulloch's time as a Brentford player came to an end in May 1979 when he was persuaded to join Third Division Sheffield Wednesday. Wednesday manager Jack Charlton was looking for a target man to partner Terry Curran in The Owls forward line and saw McCulloch as the ideal man. Charlton was working as a pundit for ITV on the 1979 FA Cup Final and met McCulloch on the Wembley gantry and agreed a deal which went through officially the following month. Jack Charlton, who had a tendency to get mixed up over his player’s names often referred to McCulloch as “Ian”, confusing him with Notts County’s Scottish winger Iain McCulloch. The McCulloch-Curran partnership contributed 34 goals in the following 1979–80 season as Wednesday were promoted.
1980–81 saw McCulloch as Wednesday's top scorer in their return to Division Two. In his final two years at Hillsborough he acted as a foil for Gary Bannister in the Wednesday attack, with Bannister scoring most of the goals and taking much of the glory, however Andy contributed seven goals in both campaigns. McCulloch played in the 1983 FA Cup semi final at Highbury when Wednesday were defeated by Brighton. In August 1983 McCulloch was sold to Crystal Palace for a fee of £20,000 as new manager Howard Wilkinson brought in Imre Varadi to partner Bannister.
Latter career and retirement.
At the end of his contract at Sheffield Wednesday McCulloch returned to the south of England to play for Crystal Palace for a season. In April 1984 he returned to Hillsborough to play for Crystal Palace in a League match and received a standing ovation from the supporters, McCulloch has said this is one of his fondest memories of his playing days. He played the 1984–85 season with Aldershot but picked up a bad knee injury and this forced him to end his playing career at the age of 35. On retiring Andy worked for a company that cleaned household upholstery and hotel rooms, in 1989 he opened his own cleaning business, Cardinal Cleaning in Molesey, Surrey doing the same line of work. The firm is still flourishing today having contracts to clean many big London hotels as well as individual customers. Andy is still involved in football being the manager of part time Esher United of the Kingston District League.

</doc>
<doc id="18516101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516101" title="Fourth Council of Constantinople">
Fourth Council of Constantinople

Fourth Council of Constantinople may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18516120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516120" title="Ein Vered">
Ein Vered

Ein Vered (, "lit." Rose Spring) is a moshav in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 1,200.
Ein Vered was established in the southern Sharon in 1930, by South African Jewry on land redeemed by the Jewish National Fund. It was originally an intensive farming community. In 1947 it had a population of 450. 
Citrus groves, field crops, beehives and flowers were the principal branches of agriculture.

</doc>
