<doc id="18448078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448078" title="Creating shared value">
Creating shared value

Creating shared value (CSV) is a business concept first introduced in "Harvard Business Review" article "Strategy & Society: The Link between Competitive Advantage and Corporate Social Responsibility". Written by Michael E. Porter, a leading authority on competitive strategy and head of the Institute for Strategy and Competitiveness at Harvard Business School, and Mark R. Kramer, Kennedy School at Harvard University and co-founder of FSG, the article provides insights and relevant examples of companies that have developed deep links between their business strategies and corporate social responsibility (CSR). In 2012, Kramer and Porter, with the help of the global not-for-profit advisory firm FSG, founded the Shared Value Initiative to enhance knowledge sharing and practice surrounding creating shared value, globally. 
The central premise behind creating shared value is that the competitiveness of a company and the health of the communities around it are mutually dependent. Recognizing and capitalizing on these connections between societal and economic progress has the power to unleash the next wave of global growth and to redefine capitalism.
Critics, on the other hand, argue that “Porter and Kramer basically tell the old story of economic rationality as the one and only tool of smart management, with faith in innovation and growth, and they celebrate a capitalism that now needs to adjust a little bit.” They regard the author’s arguments as a “one-trick pony approach” with little chance that an increasingly critical civil society will buy into such a story. 
Mechanism.
Companies can create shared value opportunities in three ways:
Many approaches to CSR pit businesses against society, emphasizing the costs and limitations of compliance with externally imposed social and environmental standards. CSV acknowledges tradeoffs between short-term profitability and social or environmental goals, but focuses more on the opportunities for competitive advantage from building a social value proposition into corporate strategy.
Ecological accounting challenges.
A significant challenge of CSV resides in accounting for ecological values and costs that are generated within the realm of agricultural production. Up to 90% of the ecological footprint in food processing can be attributed to land management activities outside the control of corporations. An eco commerce model that accounts for ecosystem services at the production unit (farm) level allows "shared value" to emanate from the production unit outward. Centering the shared value at the farm level allows for utilities, biomass processors, food processors, environmental liability insurers, landlords, and governments to participate in the shared value process. Mark Kramer, the co-writer of "Harvard Business Review" article on Creating Shared Value, states in his "Creating Shared Value" blog that the major difference is CSR is about responsibility, whereas CSV is about "creating value". Whether it is an extended "new form of CSR" or "shared value", CSV is fundamentally different from the CSR activities of the past.
Rather, CSV is a transition and expansion from the concept of CSR. Business responsibility has evolved from Traditional CSR 1.0 (Stages: Defensive, Charitable, Promotional and Strategic), Transformative CSR 2.0 and to CSR 3.0 what is similar to CSV. Such development of stages by redefining CSR has laid theoretical foundations for companies and society to sustainably and communally overcome societal issues. As capitalism matures, it is companies’ duties to break itself out of the traditional CSR by realizing its limitations and try to restructure and pursue new market strategies that value both economic and societal development.
CSV concept supersedes CSR for it is a way for corporations to sustain in the competitive capitalistic market. Whereas CSR focuses on reputation with placing value in doing good by societal pressure, it generates both economic and societal benefits relative to cost in real competition of maximizing the profits. Instead of being pushed by external factors, CSV is internally generated not confined to financial budget as CSR is. With the advent of CSV and following strong worldwide advocacy for it, companies started to overthink about their vision for their sustainable growth.
Critics, however, argue that Porter & Kramer seem to have “a very particular and limited understanding of CSR, one that neither reflects the academic debates of the past few decades nor captures most of today’s CSR practices adequately. (…) Instead of dealing with a contemporary understanding of CSR, corporate social responsibility seems to be used instead as a straw man to rhetorically justify the authors’ contribution and its proclaimed originality.“ 
Academic Literature.
Origins and development of shared value.
A literature review was conducted into the important early work of 'shared value'. Researchers found some literature focusing on the development of shared value by Porter and Kramer (2006) with most work coming from few sources like the Monitor Group.
More extensively the literature is from development organisations focusing on case studies into the interrelated area of business ventures at the bottom of the pyramid or inclusive business strategies/models.
Outside these case studies, limited literature was found so the paper presented lessons learnt from shared value and interrelated business models to show how they developed and business strategies to engage with the bottom of the pyramid.
the term “shared value” is found in Porter and Kramer (2006), “Strategy and society: the link between competitive advantage and corporate social responsibility” and was a development by Porter of previous thinking on business strategy.
From the Corporate Social Responsibility perspective, they observed companies could have worked harder reflecting flaws in CSR that business is pitted against society rather recognising their interdependence; and second, CSR is viewed in a generic sense rather than strategically.
To boost innovation and competitive advantage they say companies need to make CSR part of their core business strategy and researchers saw this as development of Porter’s 1985 ‘Competitive Advantage’ work where firms’ activities were redefined through their value chains to boost competitive advantage through cost improvements or differentiation.
They argue shared value can do both contrasts with Milton Friedman’s view that the social responsibility of business is to increase its profits.
Social value activities can overlap with traditional CSR. Efforts to promote sustainability through CSR may cut costs for the company and boost profitability, CSR and core business processes can become indistinguishable from one another, moving to what the authors’ term “corporate social integration. By drawing attention to the way society impinges on business (rather than only business on society) it provides justification for solving society’s problems as a core business strategy.
Porter and Kramer (2002) “The Competitive Advantage of Corporate Philanthropy”, seeks to address the tension of addressing the demand for greater levels of CSR with the demand for short term profits focusing on how a society’s ‘competitive context’ impacts business arguing it is possible to see long term economic and social goals as connected.
Creating shared value.
The researchers found Shared value has not greatly progressed, with subsequent literature focused on the types of models and activities that businesses are undertaking to create shared value (create shared value).
They claim a slight development was Porter and Kramer’s 2011 attempt to broaden the concept of shared value beyond the arena of corporate social responsibility with a greater focus on the nature of capitalism and markets, noting dislocations with current capitalism, emphasising the inherent social nature of markets, and suggesting that by adopting shared value principles business and society will be reconnected creating new innovation and socially imbued capitalism.
Whilst it can be argued that capitalism would certainly change if businesses on mass re-orientated their core frameworks to focus on shared value there is little analysis on how this would occur. The authors themselves recognise this.
Porter and Kramer identify GE, Google, IBM and Unilever as having adopted shared value principles but note that, “our recognition of the transformative power of shared value is still in its genesis.” and argue that addressing social constraints does not necessarily raise internal costs for firms. Through innovation in new technologies, operating methods, and management approaches a firm can improve society while increasing their productivity and profitability.
To create shared value companies should:-
The business perspective.
The researchers found little evidence of an overall business perspective on the shared value framework, not surprising given the relatively newness of the concept as firms may have been pursuing shared value practices without it being realised as such, especially outside of the US and it was not clear how to measure if a business is pursuing shared value as opposed to overlapping areas of CSR or philanthropic activities. Counterfactuals of non SV approaches in case studies were not offered and tools and strategies to integrate, operationalise and measure shared value are only now being developed.
They found authors that have promoted shared value provide case studies from US based MNCs that are explicitly pursuing shared value principles and that resource flows could be significant as GE are investing $6bn to improve health-care access through there ‘Healthymagination’ programme. They found little analysis as to how much this represents of total GE investment or how shared value investment in a sector compares with nonshared value- investment.
The researchers claim Multi National Corporation motivations are mixed with some highlighting climate change and others a desire for employees to have better links with local communities.
They found little documentation outside success stories of influence elsewhere. Porter noted in, “Measuring shared value; how to unlock value by linking social and Business Results” that without clear evidence of the impact of the shared value proposition (and tools to measure it) it will be difficult to attract investors.
The researchers propose that shared value may have added to the wider discourse that views the private sector as key for development and profitable business models as consistent with enhancing social impact but make clear that they don’t mean that shared value directly influenced the more established interest in inclusive business, with few of the initial inclusive business papers discussing shared value concepts in any detail. They say a more direct influence, consistent with moves in inclusive business, is companies pursuing shared value developed new types of relationships with other organisations like NGOs.
Shared value and the bottom of the pyramid.
Much focus has been on the application of shared value at the bottom of the pyramid reflecting both greater social needs among this group and the new markets they offer.
The researchers mention Porter and Kramers example of Hindustan Unilever’s innovation in hygiene products distribution, using smaller package sizes, creating new business opportunities and appropriate products for the poor, a classic the bottom of the pyramid model. They also mention Prahalad and Harts “The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid” paper which sets out how attractive the bottom of the pyramid is for MNCs with commercial and social opportunities through mutual value creation by reorientating their core business to provide products for these consumers.
The researchers claim this thesis challenged assumptions that business success and creating social value was not possible at the lower end of the market.
Inclusive business models.
Direct links between shared value and the bottom of the pyramid were further brought together in a 2007 conference titled “The role of the private sector in expanding economic opportunity through collaborative action” hosted by Harvard CSR Initiative, FSG Social Impact Advisors, and the IFC focusing on how companies could improve livelihoods of the bottom of the pyramid through both new services and new markets.
Two complementary frameworks companies were using promoting shared value were examined by the researchers:
The researchers used the 2008 UNDP definition “create value by providing products and services to or sourcing from the poor, including the earned income strategies of non-governmental organisations” to describe‘Inclusive business models’ as an umbrella term for a range of models.
They show the UNDP paper (2008) “Creating Value for All: Strategies for Doing Business with the Poor” which examines over 50 inclusive business ventures and the partnership between World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and SNV (2008) which developed the concept in Latin America, captured in, “Inclusive Business - profitable business for successful development.” 
They found whilst inclusive business is closely related to shared value in that both highlight profits motives as being compatible with “doing good”, its origins are less centred in CSR strategies, and that Caroline Ashley in her 2009 paper that as the shared value concept moved CSR to be more grounded in business strategy and inclusive business moved sustainable business terminology towards a more profit and less ethical framework.
Within inclusive business there is also less of a focus on gaining competitive advantage through social impact (although that is still one of the potential benefits) with the overriding feature that marries profit with development impact. Inclusive business models can be found in a wide variety of companies, while shared value literature has so tended to be focused on MNCs, and as noted in relation to Hindustan Unilever, a number of business models could be described as consistent with shared value and inclusive business.
Application of Inclusive business models.
The landscape of inclusive business.
This section provides an insight into both practical development and the types of business strategies being pursued. The researchers of the literature review into shared value found no single framework for shared value or inclusive business models. They found Davis commenting in 2012 about how the corporate sector is highly non-uniform and Caroline Ashley’s 2009 paper, “Harnessing core business for development impact” illustrating four inclusive business models with different value propositions and the variation in size of inclusive business models.
• Group A consists of commercial businesses that sell products needed by the poor which possess a high development impact such as financial services. 
• Group B are companies that impact the poor in the normal course of their activities but take deliberate action to expand and improve this impact, for example, mining companies that improve their local value chains. 
• Group C captures SMEs that are embedded in the local economy and therefore dependent on its development. 
• Group D companies are enterprises that focus on a social product but with a commercial model of delivery.
The researchers found that while much of the literature on shared value concentrates on MNCs, the focus in developing countries is on a range of different company types.
Applying inclusive business models to the bottom of the pyramid.
The researchers identified a number of constraints for companies attempting to create shared value. They found the IFC presenting the results of a survey analysing the obstacles to companies wishing to incorporate inclusive business models in their value chains. Around 90% of the 167 applicants identified access to finance as one of the main obstacles to their business.
They found other major obstacles included poor infrastructure and lack of qualified labour with the UNDP also identifying further obstacles including a hard-to-reach customer base, suppliers with limited capabilities, limited market information and inadequate regulation.
As inclusive business model products are often entering new markets they tend to be push based requiring high levels of awareness-building and education, unlike pull categories that customers already desire, like low cost cell phones 
They found Lucci’s 2012 paper “Post-2015 Millennium Development Goals: What role for business?” identifying two dominant core business models pursued at the bottom of the pyramid: “harnessing innovation capacity” and “leveraging supply chains and the production process.”
The first can in part be viewed as the earlier framework of inclusive business models, which aimed to target low-income consumers through product innovation, such as the example mentioned above of Unilever Hindustan marketing products in more appropriate packaging which relied on a high return of capital employed, often through shared access services, and a low cost, high volume strategy.
In contrast, they found a recent business review paper by Simanis who argued there was a flaw in this low-price, low-margin, high-volume strategy that MNCs have adopted and only works if two characteristics exist: the ability to leverage existing infrastructure that already serves wealthier customers; and consumers already know how to buy and use the product offering. 
They found Simanis theorised these characteristics were often missing with him concluding that “because the high costs of doing business among the very poor demand a high contribution per transaction, companies must embrace the reality that high margins aren’t just a top-of-the-pyramid phenomenon; they’re also a necessity for ensuring sustainable businesses at the bottom of the pyramid.” 
Simanis’s three solutions for generating higher values are
• a localised base product with final processing prior to sale as close to the target market as possible, saving on labour costs; 
• offering an enabling service to improve the value of the service offered; 
• and to cultivate customer peer groups to drive up aggregate demand.
These received criticism in Karnani’s 2007 paper which suggests that costs to serve the poor are still too high and the bottom of the pyramid will not be reached. 
The researchers found consistencies with an IFC report that a number of its successful models were ‘whole pyramid’ models, with the ‘bottom of the pyramid’ segments part of a broader market, allowing companies to leverage existing infrastructure, achieve economies of scale, cross subsidise and manage risk.
Karnani (2007) also argued that as the poor often make choices that are not in their own self-interest like the use of whitening cream in developing countries, consumer-led models that develop new product options may be inappropriate with much of the current discussion around consumer protection and over-indebtedness in microfinance 
Karnanis paper also criticises the focus on MNCs in exploiting opportunities at the bottom of the pyramid given the greater development impact that SMEs could potentially have and he argues that inclusive business models frameworks should see the poor primarily as producers rather than as consumers.
London et al. analysed the specific constraints producers face: on value creation that relate to a producer's ability to access affordable and high-quality raw material, financial, and production resources; and on value capture that relate to a producer's ability to access the marketplace, assert market power, and obtain secure and consistent transactions.
The researchers thought London et al.’s focus on producers similar to the broader development of inclusive business models incorporated by UNDP (2008) and in Porter and Kramer with a greater focus on value chain development as opposed to product innovation. 
Lucci’s second major category and she provides the example of SABMiller encouraging the local production of sorghum in Uganda to replace more expensive imports of barley, developing local production alongside more affordable raw materials for their breweries.
Within these broad categories there are a huge range of specific models that companies have adopted. An IFC publication identifies a range of model types which include:-
Inclusive business (and shared value) ecosystems.
The researchers wrote that an emerging development in these models consistent across the inclusive business and shared value literature is the types of partnerships that they may involve between companies and other actors.
They found companies need often to enter into broader partnerships to leverage local knowledge or scale up interventions. Lucci highlights two examples of this: 
• the Southern Agricultural Growth Corridor of Tanzania (SAGCOT) where governments and donors commit to investing in infrastructure to incentivise agricultural business
• longer term platforms that seek to recreate market mechanisms in research and development, such as work by the GAVI Alliance in health vaccines.
They found Davis arguing that the state and corporate sector need a “genuinely symbiotic relationship” which recognises the potential developmental activity that companies undertake as core operations, noting however that this rarely exists.
An emerging development that builds on this is captured in a joint collaboration between the IFC and Harvard’s CSR Initiative “Tackling Barriers to Scale: From Inclusive Business Models to Inclusive Business Ecosystems” who suggest that despite some successes, given the levels of investment, inclusive business models record is limited and there are systemic barriers to scale that can only be tackled in collaboration with other players in the private sector, in government and in civil society.
This can be achieved by strengthening ‘inclusive business ecosystems’ through “strategically engaging the networks of interconnected, interdependent players whose actions determine whether or not their inclusive business models will succeed.” This move of focus away from the firm level, similar to market development approaches, such as Making Markets Work for the Poor (M4P).
They conclude the initial stage of the research by identifying that a number of strategies companies have used to strengthen these eco-systems including the bottom of the pyramid awareness-raising and capacity building within the company, research, information-sharing and public policy dialogue.
Lessons learnt.
Measurement and Impact.
Researchers found little rigorous analysis into the impact of shared value mechanisms, with the majority of evidence existing as standalone case studies of mixed analytical rigour. As documented above, many of these are highly positive stories combining evidence of increased revenue growth with first hand stories of social impact and found it was difficult to find a comprehensive and rigorous study into their overall impact. says that feel-good stories aside, it’s been nearly impossible to gauge the success of these ventures.” And this further complicated in relation to inclusive business models by the variety of business cases for companies operating at the bottom of the pyramid 
They found London also arguing that the predominant focus in terms of social impact is on income, missing wider social dimensions and ignoring potential negatives like undesirable products becoming more accessible and proposed this as less of the case for inclusive business models, often supported by development agencies that have more experience with the wider dynamics of social impact at the bottom of the pyramid. All current measurement models suffer from standard impact challenges, with the emphasis on tasks completed or products distributed rather than outcomes.
They say there is little attempt to fully attribute a company’s impact through the use of counterfactuals and recommend Wach for a description of current methods used.
Establishing attribution to a specific company’s intervention is made more difficult given the growing emphasis on partnerships that the bottom of the pyramid approaches entail. As the researchers commentary shows, most of the impact discussion to date has been focused on the contribution of companies to enhancing development.
They call for future research to go a step further and attempt to establish the linkages between pursuing core business model and the subsequent impact on both business and social indicators for example, compared to a counterfactual of a non-core business approach.
Porter et al. discus the problems of current measurement tools that measure business and social impact separately and provides guidance in how to link social benefit to core indicators.
Successful strategies.
Notwithstanding the limitations in the evidence base there have been a number of reports that have sort to capture and synthesise lessons from successful shared value and inclusive business ventures. In an extensive report looking into various aspects of inclusive business models, Gradl and Knobloch document a range of benefits for business, in particular access to new markets, in terms of access to new consumers and producers and through the potential for cheaper and higher quality production based on growth-intensive sales and the development of new products.
They found that enhanced reputation may also lead to enhanced partnerships from customers, suppliers and governments UNDP. An IFC report into the impact of their portfolio of inclusive business models, found that revenue growth had been the main business outcome for business, whereas development outcomes included expanded economic opportunities for suppliers, distributors and retailers and access to goods and services 
They found factors which led to successful models included, adaption of products and processes that leveraged networks and to reach significant numbers of low-income consumers; models designed to be appropriate with low-income groups’ cash management strategies, also leveraging social networks of the poor; capacity building of suppliers, distributors and retailers and collaborations with other organisations (NGOs, development organisation, social enterprises) to leverage knowledge and infrastructure. UNDP (2008) also highlight that business have had to remove market constraints that would more normally be the province of government, for example by investing in education, energy supply and infrastructure. This is consistent with Porter and Kramer (2006) view on competitive context.
They found Hills, et al. mention a number of external conditions were also identified that successful shared value companies had been able to leverage including governments' openness to private sector participation in socio-economic development and/or the availability of external funding.
• Indian government support of ICICI Lombard’s weather-based insurance and microfinance providers (through priority lending mechanisms), 
• DFID’s support of Vodafone in developing M-PESA. 
Strong partners are also important, either through civil society organisations that provide insights into local needs or other companies that share similar philosophies, for example distributors who may also need to adapt their business model. The level of penetration in ICT can significantly lower transactions costs and link informal economies to more established markets.
They found Hills et al. identify two key areas that are essential for successful create shared value companies, “intentionality” and “materiality.” Intentionality requires a company or business unit to set specific goals for intended social and financial benefits with clear guidelines that can guide resource allocation decisions along the way and recommend looking at Gradl and Jenkins A number of company factors are identified that help successful implementation, these include: a culture of innovation that allows experimentation, together with a long term outlook; senior management embracing shared value principles; cross department buy in; and strong local buy in at a local level like affiliates in developing countries. They also stress the importance of building local knowledge through developing local structures and/or strong local partners and employing multidisciplinary teams that are open to new ideas 
The concluded by saying that materiality is important as it incentivises management to support CVS. It represents the extent to which create shared value is central to the financial performance of a business unit or company and as materiality grows strategies are likely to be scaled up over time 
Shared Value Initiative.
The Shared Value Initiative (SVI) [http://www.sharedvalue.org] was created in the fall of 2012 with a commitment to action at the Clinton Global Initiative. The SVI serves as a global knowledge and learning hub for companies and other stakeholders in SV strategies of practice. The establishment of the SVI capitalizes on global momentum surrounding Shared Value by driving new adoption of SV strategies amongst companies while also improving the implementation of SV strategies that have already been put into practice. The SVI engages in four major activities – deepening and documenting knowledge, creating toolkits for implementation, building communities of practice via both physical and virtual engagement opportunities, and serving as a general steward of the concept of Share Value. The founders of SVI have committed to developing the following capacities within the first two years of the initiative: developing and interactive communications platform, developing shared value content and events, and conducting outreach to a wide range of stakeholders by identifying and developing outreach plans for stakeholders critical to shared value adoption and implementation.
The SVI is managed and staffed by the global social impact consulting firm FSG. Current SVI programs include shared value executive education, an affiliate program that trains consulting firms on the implementation of SV strategies, an online community portal, and a variety of shared value resources. The SVI also hosts the Global Shared Value Summit, an annual three-day gathering of over 200 leaders from the business, public, and not-for-profit sectors citation.
Further Examples.
General Electric's Ecomagination (mentioned above).
General Electric’s redirection of its business plan to “Ecomagination” program in 2005 was a result of the societal and governmental push for reduction in electrical and fuel costs and in carbon emissions. With the help of environmental consulting firm, GreenOrder, G.E. managed to modify its products more eco-friendly and energy saving. Its sales reached $18 billion in 2009 and is predicted to grow twice as fast as overall company revenues over the next five years.
Dow AgroSciences.
Dow AgroSciences, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Dow Chemical Company, developed a line of Omega-9 rich canola and sunflower oils, with zero trans fats and the lowest levels of saturated fats. Since 2005 Omega-9 Oils have eliminated nearly a billion pounds of trans fat and 250 million pounds of saturated fat from North American foods.
Nestlé.
Companies can also improve the competitive context in which they operate by investing in their communities. Nestlé, for example, worked closely with the farmers of the Moga Milk District in India, investing in local infrastructure and transferring world-class technology to build a competitive milk supply chain that simultaneously generated social benefits through improved health care, better education, and economic development.

</doc>
<doc id="18448083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448083" title="Anawan Rock">
Anawan Rock

Anawan Rock is a colonial historic site in Rehoboth, Massachusetts. It is a large dome of conglomerate rock ("puddingstone") located off of Winthrop (U.S. Route 44) in a wooded site reached by a short footpath.
The site was added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
History.
On August 28, 1676, Captain Benjamin Church and his group of colonial soldiers captured Anawan, the Chief of the Wampanoags and a chief captain of Metacomet, who had been captured and killed by the colonists two weeks earlier. The capture of Anawan marked the final event in King Philip's War.

</doc>
<doc id="18448084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448084" title="Painful Easter">
Painful Easter

The Painful Easter is the name given by the Paraguayan press to the repression of several farmers groups accused of participating in the clandestine movement Organización Primero de Marzo (OPM) by the police of the Alfredo Stroessner regime. The persecution reached many regions of the country and destroyed any attempt of building any kind of organization between agriculture workers.
Agrarian organizations.
In 1972, Alfredo Stroessner was ruling the country for over 22 years. Even though he was periodically elected representing the Colorado Party and maintained the façade of a democracy, Stroessner was an authoritarian dictator that heavily repressed the political opposition and Social Movements. The 70’s was characterized for the national economic increase thanks to the construction of the Itaipú dam over the Paraná River, in the border with Brazil. Nevertheless it was a time of politic asphyxiation and the fact that in other countries of the region existed many social movements arising led many young Paraguayans to take some radical decisions to offer some resistance to the government.
Since 1973, a clandestine organization, later known as the OPM, was operating in the country throughout students groups that moved in the urban area of Asunción. Most of the leaders of the organization were Paraguayans student that had gone to Argentina to study, where they had met some guerrilla organization members such as the Montoneros. 
Because the working class in Paraguay was practically non-existent and even more, disorganized, the foundations of a revolutionary movement that wanted to have a popular approval, had to be around the agrarians movements and more specifically the agrarian sector. The agrarian organizations were going through one of its crucial moments. For over a decade then, in several regions of the country, one of the most important attempts of agrarian organization with a Catholic ideology in Latin-America was developing: the Agrarian Christian Leagues.
With a strong Christian expression in its beginnings, the leagues grew as an answer to the old problem of the land and its exploitation. The activities that the leagues were linked to centered in the communitarian work like "mingas" and in the instruction and formation of the agrarian workers. They also had "communitarian schools" that used the popular education method of Paulo Freire.
The intimidation acts of the government grew as the Leagues expanded. One of the historical leaders of the organization was Constantino Coronel. Since 1972 a sector of his followers begun to argue the need of starting a political fight against the dictatorship and even though the idea of a strong opposition was still vague, they started to organize discreetly. The Catholic Church, that first supported the Agrarian Christian Leagues begun to drift apart from the organization sensing that the control had gone over hand.
The First of March organization.
The meeting of the Agrarian Christian Leagues with an armed movement was inevitable and begun in 1973. With the leadership of Juan Carlos Da Costa, the OPM managed to establish a poor clandestine structure. In November 1974, a few activist of the Argentine armed group Montoneros came to Asunción to military and political train a few of the OPM members. In 1975, the leader Constantino Coronel had integrated the National Conduction.
The repression.
In April 1976, the police discovered by chance the existence of the organization and managed to capture its main leaders, killing several of its bosses, between them, Juan Carlos Da Costa. In the next days the repression limited itself to the capital, but during the Easter, the police found evidence that linked the OPM to the Agrarian Christian Leagues leaders. The so-called “Painful Easter” begun in San Juan Bautista de las Misiones, where the commissioner Camilo Almada Morel, alias Sapriza, was sent to, with the powers of detain any suspect. Hundreds of farmers that lived in the surroundings were imprisoned in the jail Abraham Cué. Eight farmers were executed and many more were brought to Asunción in vans.
During that time, the prisoners in the capital were so many that they barely fitted the Investigations Department and Asuncion’s police stations. In September 1976, most of the prisoners were moved to the prison of Emboscada, 20 km from Asunción.

</doc>
<doc id="18448087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448087" title="The Great American Bash (2004)">
The Great American Bash (2004)

The Great American Bash (2004) was the 15th Great American Bash professional wrestling pay-per-view event, and the first produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). The event, presented by Subway, took place on June 27, 2004 at the Norfolk Scope in Norfolk, Virginia and was a SmackDown! brand-exclusive event. Three of the eight matches on the card were contested for a championship; one was lost while the other two were retained. The event grossed $325,000 with 6,500 ticket sales and received a 0.47 buyrate.
The main event was a Handicap match between The Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray and D-Von) and The Undertaker. Undertaker won the match after pinning D-Von following a Tombstone Piledriver. One of the featured matches on the undercard was a Texas Bullrope match for the WWE Championship between John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL) and champion Eddie Guerrero. JBL won the match and the WWE Championship after touching all four turnbuckles in succession. Guerrero was at first declared the winner, but General Manager Kurt Angle came out and showed that JBL had touched the final turnbuckle before Guerrero. Another primary match on the undercard was Rey Mysterio versus Chavo Guerrero for the WWE Cruiserweight Championship, which Mysterio won with a sunset flip.
Background.
The main feud heading into The Great American Bash was between The Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray and D-Von) and The Undertaker. On the May 27 episode of "SmackDown!", Paul Heyman told The Dudleys to "make an impact". As part of the storyline, The Dudleys responded by abducting Paul Bearer, Undertaker's manager. Two weeks later, on the June 17 episode of "SmackDown!", a Handicap match match between The Dudleys and The Undertaker was booked for The Great American Bash, with the stipulation being if Undertaker lost, Bearer, as part of the scripted events, would be cemented in a glass crypt.
Another primary feud heading into the event was between Eddie Guerrero and John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL) over the WWE Championship. At the previous SmackDown! brand pay-per-view event, Judgment Day, JBL defeated Guerrero by disqualification after Guerrero hit JBL with the WWE Championship belt. Since a championship cannot be lost via countout or disqualification, Guerrero retained the title. Two weeks later, on the May 27 episode of "SmackDown!", General Manager Kurt Angle announced that JBL was the number-one contender to the WWE Championship at The Great American Bash, and that JBL was allowed to choose the stipulation for the match. Four days later, on "SmackDown!", Cena faced Duprée in a rematch for the title. Duprée executed a low blow on Cena outside the ring, which caused Cena to be counted out. Duprée won the match, but not the title since a championship cannot be lost via countout or disqualification. The following week, Cena defeated Duprée in a Lumberjack match to retain the title. The man to defeat Cena would become the number-one contender to the United States Championship at The Great American Bash. Cena, however, won all three matches as no man was able to defeat him within the time limit. The two faced off again at No Mercy in a Last Ride match, in which the object is to place your opponent in a hearse and drive out of the arena. JBL defeated The Undertaker and concluded their storyline after interference from Heidenreich.
Following the conclusion of his title match against JBL at the event, Eddie Guerrero began to feud with Kurt Angle. During a Steel Cage match between Guerrero and JBL for the WWE Championship, El Gran Luchadore (Kurt Angle in disguise) interfered on JBL's behalf, which allowed JBL to escape the cage and win the match. After the match, Guerrero attacked El Gran Luchadore and pulled off his mask, revealing him to be Kurt Angle. Angle won the match, and their feud concluded at the November pay-per-view, Survivor Series, when Guerrero's team defeated Angle's in a 4 on 4 Survivor Series match.
On the July 8 episode of "SmackDown!", Booker T challenged John Cena for the WWE United States Championship. During the match, General Manager Kurt Angle and Luther Reigns interfered on Booker's behalf, and Booker inadvertently caused Cena to attack Angle. The match ended in a disqualification subsequently thereafter; however, Angle stripped Cena of the title for attacking him. On the July 29 episode of "SmackDown!", Booker T won the vacant United States Championship after last eliminating Rob Van Dam in an elimination match. The following week, Cena defeated Van Dam to become the number-one contender to the title. Theodore Long, who proceeded Angle as General Manager after he was fired as part of the storyline, announced that Cena would be facing Booker in a "Best of 5 series", in which the winner would be the man who earns three victories over the other first. Cena defeated Booker in the first match at SummerSlam, and eventually won the fifth and final match at No Mercy to begin his second reign as United States Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18448092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448092" title="Saint Ceitho">
Saint Ceitho

Ceitho was an abbot and a saint living in West Wales in the 6th Century. According to legend he was one of the five sons born to Cynyr Barbtruc () of Cynwyl Gaeo, and a descendent of the ancient Welsh king Cunedda Wledig. Along with his brothers Gwynno, Gwynoro, Celynin, and Gwyn, he became a saint. The five brothers are said to have founded the village Llanpumsaint.
Ceitho is also the patron Saint of Llangeitho parish, Ceredigion, and is said to have founded an abbey in which he secluded himself to live as a hermit. Near the village can be found Ceitho's Spring, a natural spring which is said to run cold in summer and warm in winter.

</doc>
<doc id="18448098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448098" title="David M. Anthony House (Swansea, Massachusetts)">
David M. Anthony House (Swansea, Massachusetts)

The David M. Anthony House in Swansea, Massachusetts is a historic house at 98 Bay Point Avenue in Swansea, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1895 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18448108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448108" title="Kazuhiko Toyama">
Kazuhiko Toyama


</doc>
<doc id="18448136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448136" title="Tan Kah Kee MRT Station">
Tan Kah Kee MRT Station

Tan Kah Kee MRT Station (DT8) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown Line Stage 2 in Singapore, formerly known as the Bukit Timah Line.The station will serve the Bukit Timah corridor just north of the junction between Bukit Timah Road and Duchess Avenue, and is within walking distance to several schools in the area, including Hwa Chong Institution, Nanyang Girls' High School, Raffles Girls' Primary School and National Junior College.
History.
Naming controversy.
As part of the Downtown Line Stage 2 land Transport Authority (LTA) survey in July 2008, suggestions for the name of the station was open to public. Students from nearby Hwa Chong Institution suggested for the station to be named "Hwa Chong" as the station was to be built in Hwa Chong compounds. A Facebook group has been set up to promote their cause. Despite this, LTA did not include "Hwa Chong" as one of the options for the public to select, reasoning that stations should not be named after landmarks or buildings. Instead, "Watten" (after nearby Watten Estate) and "Kah Kee" (after the founder of Hwa Chong Institution, Tan Kah Kee) were proposed by the LTA alongside the working name "Duchess" in October 2008.
It was believed the students and staff of Hwa Chong Institution wanted the option "Kah Kee" to be chosen and Facebook groups were used to promote their cause.
On June 16, 2009, LTA announced the station's name was to be "Tan Kah Kee", marking the first time that a person's full name was used for the name of an MRT station and also marking the first time that a MRT station name that did not relate to where the station was located is used.
Cracks appearing on homes near the station.
The Land Transport Authority has taken steps to repair damages to at least 40 Watten Estate homes, believed to be linked to the construction of the Downtown Line. Residents of the terraced and semi-detached houses at Bukit Timah complained that they began noticing hairline cracks in walls inside and outside their homes between July and August 2012. They added that cracks began widening in those weeks. Besides cracks, some car porch roofs and walls had shifted, and some gates could no longer open. The houses in the upscale neighbourhood where home prices start in the millions, are across from the site of the upcoming Tan Kah Kee MRT station. Checks were made by LTA and the houses were found to be structurally safe.

</doc>
<doc id="18448153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448153" title="John de Vere, 7th Earl of Oxford">
John de Vere, 7th Earl of Oxford

John de Vere, 7th Earl of Oxford (c. 12 March 1312 – 24 January 1360) was the nephew and heir of Robert de Vere, 6th Earl of Oxford who succeeded as Earl of Oxford in 1331, after his uncle died without issue.
John de Vere was a trusted captain of Edward III in the king's wars in Scotland and France, and took part in both the Battle of Crécy and the Battle of Poitiers. He died campaigning in France in 1360. Throughout his career he was closely associated with William de Bohun, 1st Earl of Northampton, who was his brother-in-law.
Family background and marriage.
John de Vere was the only son of Alphonse de Vere, and Jane, daughter of Sir Richard Foliot. Alphonse was a younger son of Robert de Vere, 5th Earl of Oxford and apparently died shortly before 20 December 1328, when a writ was issued for inquisitions post mortem into the land that he held direct from the King. These hearings established that Alphonse's next heir was his son John, then aged 15 years and more. The manors concerned were Aston Sandford, Buckinghamshire, Westwick by St Albans and Great Hormead, Hertfordshire, as well as property at Beaumont and Althorne in Essex.
Alphonse was a brother of Robert de Vere, 6th Earl of Oxford. When the 6th Earl's son died without issue in 1329, he obtained licence from the king to entail his estates on his nephew, John. It was in this way that John de Vere, when his uncle died 17 April 1331, became Earl of Oxford. He had made homage and received livery by 17 May.
In 1336 John married Maud de Badlesmere, who was the second of the four daughters of Bartholomew de Badlesmere, 1st Baron Badlesmere, of Badlesmere in Kent and Margaret de Clare. Maud was a co-heiress of her brother Giles de Badlesmere, 2nd Baron Badlesmere. When Giles died in 1338, this brought a significant part of the Badlesmere inheritance into de Vere's hands. The marriage also forged a strong bond with William Bohun, Earl of Northampton, who had married Badlesmere's third daughter, Elizabeth de Badlesmere, and thus became Oxford's brother-in-law. The two campaigned together, sat on the same commissions and died the same year.
Career.
De Vere's military career began with service on Edward III's Scottish campaigns, in the 1330s Second War of Scottish Independence. He took part in the Roxburgh campaign of 1334–5, and in the summer campaign of 1335. Later in the decade, England's military efforts turned towards France, with the beginning of the Hundred Years' War. In March 1340, de Vere served in Flanders, and was therefore out of the country during Edward's disputes with Archbishop John de Stratford. Oxford was not forced to take sides in the conflict, and has been described as a "political neutral".
After a period in England, de Vere returned to the Continent in 1342, where he served with Northampton, who had been made lieutenant of Brittany. They both took part in the Battle of Morlaix that year. The next year the two earls were sent to Scotland to relieve Lochmaben Castle, and in 1345 they were again campaigning in Brittany. Tradition has it that, returning to England, their ships were forced ashore by bad weather, and the party was robbed of their possessions by the locals. In the summer of 1346 de Vere was campaigning with the king in Normandy, and took part in the Battle of Crécy. According to the chronicler Froissart, de Vere was fighting with the Black Prince, and was among the captains who sent a request to Edward III for reinforcements when the king famously answered 'Let the boy win his spurs'. Oxford was also at the Siege of Calais, but reportedly fell ill in 1348, and did not take part in any major campaigning until 1355.
In 1355 he was again in the company of the Black Prince, and took part in the prince's great raid in Languedoc. 19 September 1356, at the Battle of Poitiers, Oxford was in command of the vanguard together with the earl of Warwick. de Vere's attack on the flank of the French cavalry, with a group of archers, did much to secure the English victory. His last campaign was Edward III's Rheims campaign in 1359–60. Here he died, probably during the raid into Burgundy, on 23 or 24 January 1360. He was buried in the de Vere family's burial place Colne Priory in Essex.
Descendants and assessment.
Maud de Vere died in 1366. The couple had four sons and three daughters. The eldest son, John, married Elizabeth Courtenay, daughter of Hugh Courtenay, 10th Earl of Devon, but died before his father, in 1350. (After the death of her husband, Elizabeth married Sir Andrew Luttrell of Chilton (in Thorverton), Devon.) Another son, Robert, also died in his father's lifetime. The eldest remaining son was then Thomas, born about 1336 or 1337, who succeeded his father in 1360. Thomas's son Robert de Vere, 9th Earl of Oxford succeeded at his father's death, but with Robert's forfeiture in 1392, the earldom was given to Robert's uncle Aubrey – the seventh earl's fourth son. The eldest daughter, Margaret, married three times, while of the second, Matilda, little is known. The third daughter, Elizabeth, married Sir Hugh Courtenay, eldest son and heir of Hugh de Courtenay, 10th Earl of Devon.
John de Vere, in the family tradition of the "fighting de Veres", was active in almost all major military engagements in the years from 1340 to 1360. On the Roxburgh campaign he brought a retinue of twenty-eight men-at-arms and twelve mounted archers. In Brittany in 1342, the retinue had grown to forty men-at-arms, one banneret, nine knights, twenty-nine esquires, and thirty mounted archers. His retinue was of a diverse composition, and also included foreign mercenaries. At one point, in the Battle of Poitiers, John Hawkwood, who was later to make his fortune as a "condottiero" in Italy, also served with de Vere. Yet in spite of this, de Vere never distinguished himself particularly as a military commander. Neither did he receive a great amount of royal patronage, and was never made a member of the Order of the Garter. This was largely a consequence of the de Vere family's relatively modest resources among the English peerage. As an example can be mentioned that in the late 1340, £349 were owed to Oxford in arrears for his services, yet at the same time the king owed Northampton two debts of £782 and £1237. This obstacle of resources and status John de Vere was unable to overcome either by marriage or warfare.

</doc>
<doc id="18448172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448172" title="Ascend (band)">
Ascend (band)

Ascend is an American experimental doom metal collaboration between singer/guitarist Gentry Densley (guitar/vocals) and Greg Anderson (bass/guitar). Their album "Ample Fire Within" (2008) was released by Southern Lord Records and featured a guest appearance by Soundgarden guitarist Kim Thayil. Critic Neg Ragget described the album as "a Southern Lord label lovefeast par excellence [...] a masterpiece of carefully focused sludge."[] 

</doc>
<doc id="18448174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448174" title="Sixth Avenue MRT Station">
Sixth Avenue MRT Station

Sixth Avenue MRT Station (DT7) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown Line Stage 2 in Singapore, formerly known as the Bukit Timah Line. The station will serve the Bukit Timah corridor at the junction between Bukit Timah Road and Sixth Avenue, the commercial areas in the vicinity, and is close to the road access to Turf City.
The station was described by the media as the first to be located in a private residential area.

</doc>
<doc id="18448178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448178" title="Skool of Skills">
Skool of Skills

Skool of Skills, based in Chicago, Illinois, is a non-profit organization which focuses on providing educational assistance - including tutoring, computer training, career development, and scholastic test preparation - for inner-city youth. The organization also conducts basketball camps and summer camps . This Chicago charitable organization raises money primarily through donations.
Sources.
Skool of Skills

</doc>
<doc id="18448184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448184" title="CIVC Partners">
CIVC Partners

CIVC Partners, previously known as Continental Illinois Venture Corporation, is a Chicago-based private equity firm that presently has over $1.3 billion of equity capital under management. The firm's predecessor was established in 1970 as a subsidiary of Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company. CIVC Partners provides growth and buyout capital to middle-market companies engaged in business services, financial services, and marketing and information services.
When Continental Illinois was acquired in 1994 by Bank of America, the CIVC team formed a semi-independent private equity firm, CIVC Partners, with backing from Bank of America. Today, CIVC is an independent middle-market private equity firm with a diverse group of L.P. investors, and recently raised its fourth fund. 
CIVC's major past and present investments include, among others: LA Fitness, a health club operator; First Franklin, a sub-prime mortgage bank; The Brickman Group, a commercial landscaping company; Thermo Fluids, an environmental services company; KS Energy Services, a utility services provider; TransWestern Publishing, a publisher of yellow pages directories; Goldline International, a direct marketer of numismatic and bullion coins; and Wintrust Financial Corporation, a regional bank holding company.

</doc>
<doc id="18448186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448186" title="Plymouth Rock Studios">
Plymouth Rock Studios

Plymouth Rock Studios was a proposed film and television production studio in Massachusetts. The studio had held a now-expired option to buy Waverly Oaks Golf Club in Plymouth as the site for the $650 million, development originally slated to be complete in 2010. The proposal included fourteen sound stages back lots, a multipurpose theater, a hotel and offices. The original proposed location for the studio complex was located in South Plymouth, near the town lines of Bourne and Wareham, but was rejected because of faulty land titles.
Construction of the studio was planned to start in July 2009, but was delayed indefinitely in November 2009 when construction funding fell through weeks before the planned groundbreaking.
History.
Plans and studio facilities.
The future home of Plymouth Rock Studios was first proposed in early 2008. A first site chosen in South Plymouth, off Bourne Road, was abandoned when title issues threatened to delay construction indefinitely. Shortly thereafter a new plan - on the site of an existing golf course on Long Pond Road (Waverly Oaks Golf Course), was announced. 
As of 2011, the facility no longer has any option on the Waverly property and the owner is trying to develop a housing community.
Local Support.
Plymouth citizens overwhelmingly voted on May 10, 2008 in support of the studio. Question 3 was a nonbinding referendum used to evaluate whether Plymouth voters were in support of plans of Plymouth Rock Studios being built in their town. The vote was in favor with 8,530 votes of yes and 1,118 votes of no. On October 27, 2008, a vote by members present at the Plymouth town meeting passed articles granting zoning privileges and tax breaks for Plymouth Rock Studios. 
The "Hollywood East" Sign.
In May 2008, Plymouth Rock Studios licensed the rights to the iconic Hollywood sign from the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The studio planned to erect a "Hollywood East" sign in the Plymouth area to accompany the studio. A temporary installation of the sign, standing tall and across, at the Plymouth Courthouse was unveiled in July 2008, but was quickly removed after various groups objected.

</doc>
<doc id="18448188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448188" title="Nevada N. Stranahan">
Nevada N. Stranahan

Nevada N. Stranahan (February 27, 1861 – July 6, 1928) was a Collector of the Port of New York who was born in Oswego County, New York.
Career.
He studied law and was admitted to the bar. He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Oswego Co., 1st D.) in 1890, 1891 and 1892; and was District Attorney of Oswego County.
He was a member of the New York State Senate 37th D.) from 1896 to 1902, sitting in the 119th, 120th, 121st, 122nd, 123rd, 124th and 125th New York State Legislatures. In March 1902, he was appointed by President Theodore Roosevelt as Collector of the Port of New York, and resigned his seat in the Senate. Illness forced him to resign the collectorship in 1907.
Death.
Stranahan died in Winwick, Northamptonshire, England on July 6, 1928. His wife Elsie predeceased him in 1922. Afterward he lived in Winwick with his daughter Louise, the wife of Major Henry Torrens. He was survived by his daughter and a sister, Mrs. Cora Stranahan Woodward, of New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18448199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448199" title="King Albert Park MRT Station">
King Albert Park MRT Station

King Albert Park MRT Station (DT6) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown Line Stage 2 in Singapore, formerly known as the Bukit Timah Line. The station will serve the Bukit Timah corridor at the junction between Bukit Timah Road and Blackmore Drive, in an area which is largely residential; and staff and students of the nearby Ngee Ann Polytechnic
History.
Construction incidents.
Residents of Maplewoods condominium are concerned about the safety of both drivers and pedestrians near the condominium and are hoping for better solutions to the problems resulting from the construction of the station along Upper Bukit Timah Road after a dialogue session with the Land Transport Authority and their MP for Holland-Bukit Timah Christopher de Souza.
The Authority offer to retain the footpath after pedestrian safety concerns were voiced. But keeping it meant the footpath will have to be narrowed to accommodate construction works. At the same time, proposals were also offered to re-draw the access into and out of the condominium for vehicular safety. Vehicles entering the launch shaft construction site will assemble opposite it and drive across the entrance.
The residents complained that the construction site for the tunnel boring machine is a little too close to home for residents at Maplewoods as it will be right up to their main entrance. They claimed that is an accident waiting to happen. Construction works thus ceased on 6 June 2011.
The Land Transport Authority hopes to start carrying out diversion works along Upper Bukit Timah Road on 3 July 2011, after delays due to concerns expressed by residents of the condominium.
After further delays, on 12 July 2011 work on the train station along Bukit Timah Road resumed and picked up pace again within three days after work was stopped by the Maplewood residents who demanded that a launch shaft for a tunnelling machine to be sited at Sixth Avenue, but authorities have studied this proposal and found it not feasible, since the shophouses there will have to make way for construction works.
Soil near station sinks.
About of the rightmost two lanes on Bukit Timah Road has been closed off to traffic after a nearby drain embankment caved in on 17 January 2012 in the course of tunnelling works for the Downtown Line. Engineers found a 14m precast segment of the Bukit Timah canal wall near the junction of Bukit Timah Road and Clementi Road dislodged, and some gaps in the ground were formed around that segment of the canal. It then stopped its tunnelling works to ensure safety and has begun to inject cement to stabilise the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="18448207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448207" title="58 Squadron">
58 Squadron

58 Squadron or 58th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18448213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448213" title="SPIKES magazine">
SPIKES magazine

SPIKES is an athletics website and magazine published by Haymarket Network in conjunction with the IAAF. 
The magazine and website were launched in July 2008 at an event attended by IAAF vice president Lord Coe, Steve Ovett, Jonathan Edwards, Colin Jackson and Wilson Kipketer.
The aim is to raise awareness of the sport and recognition of the athletes by encouraging discussion through challenging features and profiles. Although funded directly by the IAAF, the editorial staff has a free rein with the content – which typically combines serious debate with more light-hearted features and pop cultural references. Giles Richards of "The Observer" praised the magazine for its interviews and biographical features: "It's a lot easier to care about a sport if you care about the people involved".
The website complements the magazine and includes different features, videos of world records, descriptions of the main disciplines within the sport and profiles of the heroes of the sport.

</doc>
<doc id="18448219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448219" title="Let Me Be Good to You (Lou Rawls song)">
Let Me Be Good to You (Lou Rawls song)

Let Me Be Good to You is the title track to Lou Rawls' 1980 album of the same name. The track was Rawls' last big hit on Gamble & Huff's Philadelphia International Records, where Rawls recorded his biggest smash, "You'll Never Find Another Love Like Mine."Other tracks on this effort include "Lover's Holiday," "What's The Matter With The Word," and the standard, "Tomorrow." 
The track is also the name of soul classic recorded by Memphis R&B legend Carla Thomas, who recorded on the classic Stax record label. The track is included on her third Stax album, entitled "Carla."
Lou Rawls' Official Website

</doc>
<doc id="18448223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448223" title="Arij Smit">
Arij Smit

Arij Smit (July 7, 1907 – April 30, 1970) was a Dutch boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Schiedam and died in Haarlem.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to Alf Barber of Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="18448232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448232" title="SMS Lussin">
SMS Lussin

SMS Lussin was a torpedo cruiser of the Austro-Hungarian Navy. As envisaged by the Navy Commander ("Marinekommandant"), Admiral Friedrich von Pöck, "Lussin" would be the leader of a flotilla of torpedo boats, with the additional capability of carrying out scouting duties.
Built by Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino at San Rocco, "Lussin" was launched on 22 December 1883 and completed 12 July 1884. A vessel of 995 tons displacement, she measured in length with a beam of and a draft of . Propulsion was supplied by two compound steam engines with four cylindrical boilers, producing for a speed of . The crew comprised 154 officers and men.
Original armament of "Lussin" consisted of two 15 cm guns, one 6.6 cm landing gun and one torpedo tube, located in the bow below water. The 15 cm guns were mounted on barbettes, one forward between the bridge and the raised forecastle and the other aft; armored bulwarks had to be lowered to allow firing. In 1887 four 4.7 cm quick-firing guns were added.
"Lussin's" barquentine rig and elegant lines were more appropriate for a steam yacht of the day. Indeed, experience with previous torpedo cruisers, "Zara, Spalato" and "Sebenico," showed they were too slow and too lightly armed for their intended employment.
Even before completion of "Lussin," a change in naval leadership spelled the end of the torpedo cruiser program. The new Navy Commander, Vice Admiral Maximilian Daublebsky von Sterneck, proposed a more capable type of cruiser with a reinforced bow for ramming, a respectable gun armament, and sufficient speed for employment with torpedo craft as well as with the fleet or on detached service. Daublebsky called the new type a torpedo ram cruiser.
Since a role had to be found for "Lussin," she was disarmed in 1890 and relegated to use as a training ship for stokers. In 1910 she was converted to an admiralty yacht and re-engined with MAN diesels of , giving a speed of . "Lussin" became an accommodation ship at Pola for German submarine crews in 1916.
Ceded to Italy in 1920, "Lussin" was renamed "Sorrento" and rearmed with four 7.6 cm anti-aircraft guns. She was recommissioned on 11 September 1924 as a depot ship for motor torpedo boats with a crew of 45 officers and men. "Sorrento" was discarded in 1928 and sold for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="18448233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448233" title="Erich Rutemöller">
Erich Rutemöller

Erich Rutemöller (born 8 February 1945 in Recke, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German football coach and retired footballer.
Coaching career.
Rutemöller has headed 1. FC Köln, Hansa Rostock and Bonner SC during his coaching career. He was the assistant coach for the German National Team throughout from 1994–2004 and served as interim coach from 96–97. He recently served as a motivational speaker and football coach trainer for aspiring managers attempting to receive their coaching license from the German Football Association. In 2008, he became Assistant coach to Head Coach Ali Daei's Iranian National Team.
On 28 March 2009 Rutemöller was appointed temporary head coach of the Iranian National Team, after Ali Daei's dismissal.
After Afshin Ghotbi became the Iranian National Team head coach, Rutemöller's coaching days for Team Melli finished.
On 27 May 2009 Rutemöller voided his contract with the Football Federation Islamic Republic of Iran and joined Esteghlal FC as first assistant to work with the newly appointed head coach Samad Marfavi on a one year contract.
In 2011, the Philippine Football Federation appointed him as advisor to the Philippine U23 national team. His position in the Philippines involves overseeing the training and formation of the team for the 2011 Southeast Asian Games in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18448234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448234" title="Beauty World MRT Station">
Beauty World MRT Station

Beauty World MRT Station (DT5) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown Line Stage 2 in Singapore, formerly known as the Bukit Timah Line. The station will serve the Bukit Timah and Upper Bukit Timah corridor, serving the commercial areas in the vicinity. Major buildings in the area includes Bukit Timah Shopping Centre, Beauty World Centre and Beauty World Plaza. It is near to Toh Yi Estate and Ngee Ann Polytechnic.
History.
The Land Transport Authority has awarded the contract for the construction of Beauty World station and associated tunnels (Contract 916) to Mcconnell Dowell S.E.A. Pte Ltd on 25 March 2009, valued at S$339,879,555.00.
Tunnelling works began on 8 June 2011. Two tunnel boring machines — which were named Athena and Artemis, after the Greek Goddesses by students of the nearby Pei Hwa Presbyterian Primary School, will tunnel the 1 km stretch from Beauty World to King Albert Park. The section of track between Hillview and Beauty World is the longest on the Downtown Line.
Part of the construction process was shown on an episode of "Behind Every Job 2" on MediaCorp's Channel 8.
Etymology.
The original name for "Beauty World" referred to an amusement park in the area. At that time, amusement parks were called "worlds", the others included Gay World, Great World, which Great World City now occupies and New World. The amusement park was subsequently converted to a market after the end of World War II, and called Beauty World Market. However, fire hazards led to the subsequent demolishing of the park in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18448241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448241" title="Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 1955">
Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 1955

Elections to the Baseball Hall of Fame for 1955 followed a system established for odd-number years in 1953.
The eligibilty of retired players was extended; previously, a player could not be on the BBWAA ballot if he had retired more than 25 years prior. The ballot could now include those who had been retired for up to 30 years.
The Baseball Writers Association of America (BBWAA) voted by mail to select from recent major league players and elected four: Joe DiMaggio, Gabby Hartnett, Ted Lyons, and Dazzy Vance. 
The Veterans Committee met in closed sessions to consider executives, managers, umpires, and earlier players. 
It selected two players, Frank Baker and Ray Schalk.
BBWAA election.
The BBWAA was authorized to elect players active in 1925 or later, but not after 1949. All 10-year members of the BBWAA were eligible to vote.
Any candidate receiving votes on at least 75% of the ballots would be honored with induction to the Hall. Votes were cast for 65 players; a total of 251 ballots were cast, with 189 votes required for election. A total of 2,391 individual votes were cast, an average of 9.53 per ballot. For the third and (as of 2009) most recent time, the election produced at least four inductees.
The four candidates who received 75% of the vote and were elected are indicated in bold italics; candidates who have since been elected in subsequent elections are indicated in "italics".

</doc>
<doc id="18448250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448250" title="William B. Lewis (New York treasurer)">
William B. Lewis (New York treasurer)

William B. Lewis (ca. 1816 - October 15, 1884 Brooklyn, Kings County, New York) was an American businessman and politician.
Life.
He began to work as a brick hod carrier, then learned the builder's trade, and became a contractor.
In the 1850s, he was City Comptroller of Brooklyn.
He was New York State Treasurer from 1862 to 1863, elected on the Union ticket nominated by the Republicans and War Democrats.
After the American Civil War he left politics, and became the Secretary and Cashier of the Brooklyn City Railroad and held these posts until his sudden death, collapsing on Fulton Street, Brooklyn. Sometime prior to his death he had removed to Plainfield, New Jersey but commuted to Brooklyn every day.

</doc>
<doc id="18448255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448255" title="David Nance">
David Nance

David Nance (born May 2, 1980 in Houston, Texas, USA) is an American voice actor, notable for a few roles for several Japanese anime series with ADV Films. He graduated from the Art Institute of Houston with a major in Multimedia in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18448273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448273" title="Hillview MRT Station">
Hillview MRT Station

Hillview MRT Station (DT3) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown Line Stage 2 in Singapore, formerly known as the Bukit Timah Line. The station will serve the Upper Bukit Timah corridor at the junction between Upper Bukit Timah Road and Hillview Avenue. The vicinity is largely residential, with commercial buildings such as the Rail Mall within walking distance.
The section of track between Hillview and Beauty World is the longest between stations on the Downtown Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18448284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448284" title="58th Division">
58th Division

58th Division or 58th Infantry Division may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18448287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448287" title="Jan D'Alquen and Ron Eveslage">
Jan D'Alquen and Ron Eveslage

Jan D'Alquen and Ron Eveslage are American cinematographers best known for their work with film director George Lucas on the sleeper hit film, 1973's "American Graffiti". 
"American Graffiti" is a nostalgic portrait of teenage life in 1962 which spawned numerous imitations such as the TV series, "Happy Days", and films like "The Lords of Flatbush". The budget of "American Graffiti" was a mere $750,000 dollars, on a tight 28-day shooting schedule. Nonetheless, the film went on to gross more than $55 million, making it a blockbuster of its day. 
"American Graffiti" was shot entirely on location in small Northern California towns between the cruising hours of 9:00 p.m., when it was just dark enough, and 5:00 a.m., before the sun would come up. The crew experienced hardships on the low budget shoot, including difficulties with lighting the set, and having to also brave the extreme Northern California cold during the continuous night shoot. Lucas himself has said that it was a hectic shoot and that he had felt rushed by the tight schedule. According to Lucas, a typical night on the set was one when the assistant cameraman had to be hospitalized after he was run over by one of the cars and then the crew would have to put out a five-alarm fire. 
External links.
Duos

</doc>
<doc id="18448294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448294" title="Dawid Bezuidenhout">
Dawid Bezuidenhout

Dawid Bezuidenhout (born 7 September 1935 in Keetmanshoop - died 7 August 1998 in Windhoek) was a teacher and politician in South West Africa (now Namibia).
A teacher by profession, Bezuidenhout entered politics in South West Africa in 1959 as the founding Vice President of the South West Africa Coloured Organisation. In 1985, Bezuidenhout became the Minister of Transport of the Transitional Government of National Unity (TGNU), a puppet government of South Africa prior to Namibia's independence. The TGNU chairmanship operated under a rotational system and Bezuidenhout was named the first chairman of the TGNU as well maintaining his position as Transport minister. Then a member of the Namibia's Labour Party, Bezuidenhout eventually became a founding member of the United Democratic Front from 1989 to 1995.
Dawid Bezuidenhout High School in Khomasdal is named after him.
Bezuidenhout retired from politics in 1995 and died on 7 August 1998 in Windhoek.

</doc>
<doc id="18448300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448300" title="Taichung Station">
Taichung Station

Taichung Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Mountain Line) located in Central District, Taichung City, Taiwan.
Overview.
The station has one side platform and one island platform. The architecture dates from the era of Japanese rule. The station and tracks within the city are slated to be replaced by an elevated station and tracks, which are currently being constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="18448303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448303" title="Cashew MRT Station">
Cashew MRT Station

Cashew MRT Station (DT2) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown Line Stage 2 in Singapore, formerly known as the Bukit Timah Line. The station serves the Upper Bukit Timah corridor at the junction between Upper Bukit Timah Road and Cashew Road. The vicinity is largely residential.

</doc>
<doc id="18448306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448306" title="Chess title">
Chess title

A chess title is a title created by a chess governing body and bestowed upon players based on their performance and rank. Such titles are usually granted for life. The most prestigious titles are those granted by the international chess governing body FIDE; many national chess federations also grant titles such as "National Master".
Over-the-board chess.
In general, a "chess master" is a player of such skill that he or she can usually beat most amateurs. Among chess players, the term is often abbreviated to "master", the meaning being clear from context. 
The establishment of the world chess body, Fédération Internationale des Échecs (FIDE), saw the creation of titles superior to the "national master" titles. In 1950 FIDE created the titles "Grandmaster" and "International Master", the requirements for which were increasingly formalized over the years. In 1978 FIDE created the lesser title of "FIDE Master".
Early use of the Master title.
From the beginning of recorded chess, to the establishment of the first chess organizations, the term "master" was applied informally, being simply a matter of popular acclaim. Strong players demonstrated their strength in play, and gained the informal reputation of being chess masters.
As chess became more widespread in the latter half of the 19th century, the term began to be given out by organizations. One of the most prestigious events of the time was the DSB Congress, first organised by the Deutscher Schachbund (German Chess Federation) in 1876. The DSB's standard for the title of Master was the "Meisterdrittel", i.e. to win at least one third of the games in the premiere tournament at a DSB Congress. The winner of the "Hauptturnier" or "reserve" event was entitled to compete in the premiere event in the next congress, with a chance to achieve the "Meisterdrittel". 
FIDE titles.
All the titles listed above are open to men and women. Separate women-only titles, such as Woman Grandmaster (WGM), are also available. Beginning with Nona Gaprindashvili in 1978, many women have also earned the unsegregated GM title.
National titles.
Some national chess federations award titles such as "National Master" (NM). National chess federations are free to set whatever standards they want for such titles, which are not recognized by FIDE. Standards for "Master" titles in different countries vary, but are usually based on criteria such as achieving a certain rating (typically about 2200 Elo), achieving the required number of tournament performances ("norms") at a certain level, or featuring prominently in the country's national championship. In some cases, it may extend to honorary titles awarded to (for example) prominent chess administrators, business patrons or politicians. Since the introduction of the FIDE Master (FM) title in 1978, some federations such as those of Ireland and Germany have ceased awarding National Master titles, apparently regarding them as obsolete.
Individual federations.
Soviet Union.
In the Soviet Union, the Master title was conferred by the federal government and was connected to the title of Master of Sport. The first chess player to receive the title was Peter Romanovsky in 1934. Only players who featured prominently in the Soviet Chess Championship were considered for the title, and less than 100 awards were made altogether. The majority of these players also qualified for the FIDE International Master or Grandmaster title. 
United States.
The USCF currently gives a national title for achieving five performances at a certain rating level:
Expert.
Chess expert is a title given by the United States Chess Federation (USCF). It is awarded to chess players rated from 2000 to 2199. Players rated above that are masters while players below that are class players. Approximately 50,000 chess players have USCF ratings, of which approximately 2,500 are rated 2000 or better. Thus, chess experts are in the top 5% of all USCF tournament chess players.
The title of chess expert is not awarded for life. Every time a tournament chess player plays a game, his rating goes up or down depending on the game's outcome and on how strong his opponent is. If the rating of a chess expert falls below 2000, he is not a chess expert any more. This is in contrast to international titles awarded by FIDE, which are awarded for life. In European countries the term of "expert" is not used. Instead, players of that level are called "Candidate Masters", although the FIDE Candidate Master title generally requires a higher rating (2200 FIDE).
It is possible (and common) for players in the United States to have a rating that places them in the 'expert' category, while still retaining the title of 'Life Master' or 'National Master'. The 'title' of 'master' is awarded to anyone meeting the criteria laid down by the USCF, including having once been rated over 2200. Like the FIDE titles of FIDE Master, International Master, and Grandmaster, the title of 'Master' is awarded for life. Players with a rating below 2200, but who have earned the title of 'National Master' or 'Life Master', are, according to the USCF, still referred to as 'masters'.
The first USCF rating list was published in December 1950. On that list, experts were players rated from 2100 to 2300 and masters were players rated from 2300 to 2500. However, within a few years, it was discovered that the ratings were rapidly deflating. As a result, the classifications were dropped by 100 points so that since then experts were rated between 2000 and 2200. In 1960, the USCF adopted the new Elo rating system replacing the original Harkness System. There have been continuous adjustments to that system ever since, with the primary purpose of stabilizing the rating system against the forces of inflation and deflation, so that a chess expert today will be approximately the same strength as a chess expert was 20 or 40 years ago. 
This information stated here also applies in Canada, under the auspices of the Canadian Federation of Chess (CFC), with one difference being that Class E encompasses all players rated under 1200. Similar class distinctions may apply in other national chess federations as well.
Master.
The United States Chess Federation (USCF) awards the Title of National Master to anyone who achieves a USCF rating of 2200, and the title of Senior Master to anyone who achieves a USCF rating of 2400. The USCF also awards the Life Master title to anyone who holds a 2200 rating for a total of 300 or more games in his or her lifetime.
In the United States, the title of "National Master" is awarded for life, regardless of whether the rating of a National Master subsequently goes below 2200. In August 2002, this position was codified (after being recognized as the existing status quo) by the USCF Policy Board with the passage of a motion stating "Any USCF member who has had a regular post tournament rating of 2200 or higher (published or not) has demonstrated a significant level of chess ability and is recognized by being automatically awarded the lifetime title of National Master."
Life Master.
Life Master is a chess title awarded by the United States Chess Federation (USCF). To be awarded this title, one must hold a master's rating of over 2200 for at least 300 USCF-rated tournament chess games.
During the 1990s, the USCF also awarded a "Life Master" title on the basis of a different and more complex system that was similar to the FIDE 'norm system' of awarding titles. This method of attaining Life Master became officially recognized by the USCF on January 1, 1996. The "class norm" system was later discontinued, and players who had or were subsequently granted the title on the 300-game basis were renamed "Original Life Masters." In practice, the distinction is rarely made.
As the name of this title implies, this title is held for life, regardless of any subsequent decrease in rating. Thus it is possible to have a player with a USCF rating of 2100 (or below) who is a Life Master. While this is uncommon for 'Original Life Masters' (since such a rating floor can only be dropped by the USCF itself), it is relatively common for Life Masters who earned their title via the now-defunct norm system, since the requirements for that title did not require a rating of over 2200. This has led to some holders of the USCF Life Master title having never obtained ratings above 2200.
Canada.
The Chess Federation of Canada awards the title of National Master to players who achieve a national rating of 2200, and three tournament performances ("norms") of 2300 or more. It also awards National Woman Master and National Candidate Master titles.
England.
The English Chess Federation awards the title of National Master to players who achieve an ECF rating of 200 or more (equivalent to a FIDE rating of approximately 2250). It also awards a number of lesser titles.
Ireland.
Up until 1991, the Irish Chess Federation awarded the title of Irish National Master to 15 players. The title has since fallen into disuse.
Australia.
The title of Australian Master was introduced in 1959, and was awarded by the Australian Chess Federation using a points based system, in which players were required to score 100 points from performances in major tournaments such as the Australian Chess Championship and state championships. According to Australian chess player and arbiter Shaun Press, the requirements were changed to a rating-based system some time during the 1980s, but the title was not held in high regard and is no longer awarded.
New Zealand.
The New Zealand Chess Federation awards the title of National Master using a points based system, based on performances in the New Zealand Chess Championship and a few other tournaments. 100 points are required for the title of National Master, and 40 points for the title of Candidate Master. As of 31 January 2013, 22 players hold the National Master title, the majority of whom also have FIDE titles.
Problem chess.
Just as in over-the-board play, in problem chess the titles International Grandmaster, International Master and FIDE Master are awarded by FIDE via the PCCC ("Permanent Commission for Chess Composition") for especially distinguished problem and study composers and solvers (unlike over-the-board chess, however, there are no women-only equivalents to these titles in problem chess).
Composers.
For composition, the title of Grandmaster for chess composition was established in 1959, with André Cheron, Arnoldo Ellerman, Alexander Gerbstmann, Jan Hartong, and Cyril Kipping being the first honorary recipients. In subsequent years, qualification for the IM title, as well as for the GM title (first awarded in 1972 to Genrikh Kasparyan, Lev Loshinsky, Comins Mansfield, and Eeltje Visserman) and the FM title (first awarded 1990) has been determined on the basis of the number of problems or studies a composer had selected for publication in the FIDE Albums. These albums are collections of the best problems and studies composed in a particular three-year period, as selected by FIDE-appointed judges. Each problem published in an album is worth 1 point; each study is worth 1⅔; joint compositions are worth the same divided by the number of composers. For the FIDE Master title, a composer must accumulate 12 points; for the International Master title, 25 points are needed; and for the Grandmaster title, a composer must have 70 points.
Solvers.
For solvers, the GM (International Solving Grandmaster) and IM titles were both first awarded in 1982; the FM title followed in 1997. GM and IM titles can only be gained by participating in the official World Chess Solving Championship (WCSC): to become a GM, a solver must score at least 90 percent of the winner's points and on each occasion finish in at least tenth place three times within ten successive WCSCs. For the IM title they must score at least 80 percent of the winner's points and each time finish in at least fifteenth place twice within five successive WCSCs; alternatively, winning a single WCSC or scoring as many points as the winner in a single WCSC will earn the IM title. For the FM title, the solver must score at least 75 percent of the winners points and each time finish within the top 40 percent of participants in any two PCCC-approved solving competitions.
Judges.
The title International Judge of Chess Compositions is given to individuals considered capable of judging composing tournaments at the highest level.
Correspondence chess.
In correspondence chess in order to rank players, FIDE, ICCF and national chess organizations use the Elo rating system developed by Arpad Elo. Elo is a statistical system based on assumption that the chess performance of each player in their games is a random variable. Arpad Elo thought of a player's true skill as the average of that player's performance random variable, and showed how to estimate the average from results of player's games. The US Chess Federation implemented Elo's suggestions in 1960, and the system quickly gained recognition as being both fairer and more accurate than older systems; it was adopted by FIDE in 1970.
The ICCF awards the titles International Master, Senior International Master and International Correspondence Chess Grandmaster—these are equivalent to similar titles awarded by FIDE for over-the-board chess. The ICCF also runs the World Correspondence Chess Championships. Because these events can last a long time, they may overlap: for instance, in February 2005 Joop van Oosterom was declared winner of the eighteenth Championship (which began in June 2003), though the winner of the seventeenth Championship (which began in March 2002) had not yet been determined.

</doc>
<doc id="18448309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448309" title="Wuri Station">
Wuri Station

Wuri Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Mountain Line) located in Wuri District, Taichung, Taiwan.
Structure.
One island platform
Service.
As a minor station, Wuri Station is primarily serviced by Local Trains (區間車). A few times per day a "Chu-Kuang Express" (莒光號) or a "Tzu-Chiang Limited Express" (自強號) stops at the station.

</doc>
<doc id="18448318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448318" title="Xinwuri Station">
Xinwuri Station

Xinwuri Station (), formerly known as New Wurih Station, is a railway station of Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Taichung Line located in Wuri District, Taichung City, Taiwan. It is located adjacent to THSR Taichung Station to which it is connected via a direct passage way.
Overview.
The station consists of a huge building. Only a single corridor is opened, leading from the HSR station to the TRA platforms. There are automatic ticketing machines and ticketing staff, but no ticket office or other infrastructure. Instead, shops, restaurants, bus stations, and parking facilities of the HSR station can be used.
Taichung Metropolitan Area MRT System.
Toward Beitun Depot, Under construction, schduled to open in 2015

</doc>
<doc id="18448320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448320" title="Chenggong Station">
Chenggong Station

Chenggong Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Mountain Line) located in Wuri District, Taichung, Taiwan.
Service.
As a minor station, Chenggong Station is primarily serviced by Local Trains (區間車). A few times per day a "Chu-Kuang Express" (莒光號) or a "Tzu-Chiang Limited Express" (自強號) stops at the station.

</doc>
<doc id="18448323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448323" title="Sam Lapides">
Sam Lapides

Sam Lapides (born David Samuel Lapides, August 14, 1962, Irvington, New Jersey) is an American singer-songwriter, known as the guitarist and lead vocalist for the bands Ghosthouse and Folkminers. He cites Paul Westerberg, The Replacements, The Rolling Stones, and Bob Dylan as influences. His folk-rock sound has been classified as Americana (music). Throughout his career, he has produced a variety of recordings and completed numerous tours of the United States and Europe.
Early career.
As the youngest of five children, Lapides was raised on the East Coast, moving between New Jersey and Maryland. He settled in Ann Arbor, Michigan where he attended Community High School where he played drums and joined local band The Evaders. He began playing guitar and started busking on the campus of the University of Michigan. In 1987, he recruited a band to play his songs. The Folkminers developed a rapid local following and released a cassette recording and a self-titled EP.
History.
The Folkminers disbanded in 1988 and Lapides moved to Boston and then Los Angeles in pursuit of a music career. Like on the streets of Ann Arbor and in the subway stations of Boston, Lapides continued the folk tradition of street performance and occasionally played on the boardwalk of Venice Beach. One day while performing a song by Dream Syndicate, the song’s author and indie-rock legend Steve Wynn (songwriter) happened to walk by. Wynn liked the rendition so much that he decided to produce several songs.
At this time Lapides had just formed his band Ghosthouse. Another of Lapides’ heroes, ex-Rain Parade guitarist John Thoman, joined the group. They released their self-titled “Ghosthouse” on Italy’s Club de Musique Records. They toured Europe several times in 1994 and signed with European label Semaphore. Ghosthouse released their third full-length recording “Thing Called Life” in 1995 on Semaphore. It was released in the United States on Birdcage Records in 1996. They toured with label mate Stan Ridgway several times. The band continued performing and recording until they disbanded in 1997.
During a brief move back to Boston, Lapides put together a band,(featuring noted local bassist Christian T. Bachmann) to record new material for his first solo CD, “Wake up from the Wasteland” on Bluerose Records. The release was met with critical acclaim and Lapides moved again to Los Angeles. After another solo CD, “We’ve Walked These Streets” on Inbetweens Records and several European tours and the successful re-release of the original “Ghosthouse” CD, Lapides decided to reform Ghosthouse.
In 2003, the band reformed. In 2004 they released “Devotion” on Bluerose Records. To support the CD, Sam toured the Netherlands and Denmark where he was joined by guitarist Robin Berlijn of Fatal Flowers and Ellen ten Damme. In 2006 he released a CD of cover songs “Ghost in Me” in tribute to some of his favorite artists and to commemorate his history doing covers and busking.
Sam Lapides lives and works in Los Angeles with his wife and artist Maureen Maki.

</doc>
<doc id="18448330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448330" title="International Workshop on Balto-Slavic Accentology">
International Workshop on Balto-Slavic Accentology

International Workshop on Balto-Slavic Accentology (abbreviated IWoBA) is an annual international conference on comparative and historical Balto-Slavic accentology, including the prehistory and history of the separate Baltic and Slavic languages, as well as synchronic and dialectal issues that have to do with accentology.
The first conference was held in Zagreb 1–3 July 2005 with contributions by some of the world's foremost Balto-Slavists, Baltologists and Slavists, organized by the Croatian linguists Ranko Matasović and Mate Kapović. It proved to be an immense success and was thus followed by annually held IWoBA conferences.
Conferences.
IWoBA X will be organized in Ljubljana (Slovenia) by Matej Šekli.

</doc>
<doc id="18448332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448332" title="Balep korkun">
Balep korkun

Balep korkun is a type of bread that is consumed mainly in central Tibet. It is round, flat and relatively easy to make. The ingredients are tsampa (barley flour), water and baking powder. It is cooked in a frying pan.

</doc>
<doc id="18448338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448338" title="Changhua Station">
Changhua Station

Changhua Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Changhua City, Changhua County, Taiwan. It is located at the southern junction of the Mountain Line and Coast Line, where the line continues onto the southern section of the Western Line.
Overview.
The station has two island platforms and one side platform. Currently, there is an overpass at the south side of the station to access the back station platforms. A cross-platform station is currently under construction on the north side.
The station is a planned stop on the Taichung Metro Red Line, currently under construction.

</doc>
<doc id="18448360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448360" title="USS Artemis (SP-593)">
USS Artemis (SP-593)

USS "Artemis" (SP-593), later known as USS "Arcturus" (SP 593) was a yacht acquired by the United States Navy during World War I. "Artemis" was armed with guns and depth charges, and was sent to Europe as a patrol craft to protect Allied ships from German submarines and other dangers. Post-war she was returned to the United States and turned over to the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey. Later, back in civilian operation, she was burned and sank in 1927.
Constructed in Delaware.
"Cristina" — a steel-hulled yacht designed by Gielow and Orr, naval architects — was built at Wilmington, Delaware, by Pusey and Jones Co., for Frederick C. Fletcher of Boston, Massachusetts; and launched in 1912. In 1916 or 1917 the Cleveland philanthropist John Long Severance (1863–1936) acquired the yacht and renamed her Artemis.
World War I service.
Conversion to a warship.
After the U.S. entered World War I in the spring of 1917, the Navy, in its wide-ranging search for ships suitable to serve as patrol craft, acquired "Artemis" early that summer. Delivered on 4 July 1917, the yacht was earmarked for "distant service" 10 days later, and assigned the identification number "SP-593". 
On 9 October 1917, Captain Newton A. McCully assumed command of Squadron 5, Patrol Force, and, over the ensuing days, inspected the vessels tentatively assigned to his command. After visiting "Artemis" at Shewan's Shipyard, Brooklyn, New York, he reported her to be a "good, well-built, apparently seaworthy boat ..." and recommended that her conversion work be expedited. Accordingly, on 17 October 1917, "Artemis" (SP-593) was placed in commission, Lt. Comdr. Stanton L. H. Hazard in command.
Over the next week, "Artemis" remained at the Shewan yard, undergoing the modifications necessary to convert her from a peacetime cruising yacht to a diminutive man-of-war — such alterations as the installation of gun mounts and magazines, the fitting-out quarters for officers and men, and the overhauling of her boilers and machinery. During that time, Capt. McCully twice visited the ship (on 18 and 24 October) to check personally the progress of the work. On 1 November, "Artemis" shifted to the New York Navy Yard where she received her main battery of two guns. Two days later, she stood out of New York harbor with the French subchaser "SC-S5" in tow, bound for Bermuda.
Proceeding to Europe.
"Artemis" initial mission was a part in the operation of towing ten subchasers — built in American boatyards for the French government — from New York City to Leixoes, Portugal. Each chaser was assigned to a converted yacht which would tow and maintain her. "Artemis" towed her charge — "SC-65" — to Bermuda where she arrived on 9 November to coal ship and provision.
"Artemis" stood out of Grassy Bay on 18 November, and, three hours out picked up a towline from "Hannibal" that would pull her for over three days. The plans had called for the chasers to depart after the converted yachts had left, overhauling the latter at their best economical speed. After effecting a rendezvous, the yachts were to tow the chasers as far as the Azores. Unfortunately, bad weather interfered.
Encountering bad weather.
"Hannibal" undertook towing a veritable train of ships and craft on 1 December, as she took Artemis in tow for the second time, the yacht towing, in turn, "SC-315" and "SC-65". Upon arrival off the port of Fayal, Horta, in the Azores, on 7 December, "Artemis" proceeded under her own power, releasing "SC-315" but retaining "SC-65" — the latter disabled by a defective fuel pump — and took her into Fayal.
"Artemis" got underway once more on the morning of the 9th with "SC-65" tethered astern. "Hannibal", , and also accompanied her — with the latter two each towing a subchaser, "SC-315" and "SC-347", respectively. Both of these vessels, like "SC-65", had been disabled by defective fuel pumps.
Arrival in the Azores.
After reaching Ponta Delgada, Azores, the next day, "Artemis" served as guardship for the harbor on 14 December and conducted target practice beyond the limit on the 17th-18th before leaving the Azores on the final leg of the voyage to Leixoes, with "SC-65" astern once more.
During the passage, the ship ran into foul weather on the 21st. "Artemis" rolled deeply in the heavy seas; and the towline parted, leaving "SC-65" to her own devices. Fortunately, repairs enabled her to resume the voyage under her own power. Two days later, Capt. McCully, the squadron commander, embarked in May, directed "Artemis" — battered by the storm — to put into Gibraltar for repairs, and she arrived there on 26 December 1917.
Rescuing survivors of a U-boat attack.
Over the next month, "Artemis" underwent voyage repairs before she again stood out to sea on 28 January 1918 to serve as part of the escort for a convoy then forming up for Bizerte, Tunisia. The next day at 14:50, while "Artemis" was steaming on the left wing of the formation, an enemy submarine torpedoed the convoy guide, "SS Maizar", striking the merchantman's port side, forward of her bridge. "Artemis" and the other escorts immediately went to general quarters. As the hunt proceeded fruitlessly, "Maizar" settled, forward, and her crew abandoned her. "Artemis" took on board 16 of the ship's survivors; and at 15:50, the convoy's screen gave up the hunt and secured from general quarters.
The convoy arrived at Bizerte on 3 February, without further mishap. The following day, after having coaled at Sidi Abdullah, "Artemis" stood out of Bizerte harbor with the Gibraltar-bound convoy, GB-12. No enemy submarines molested the Allied ships during the passage, and they all reached "Gib" safely during the predawn darkness of 9 February.
Another U-boat alarm.
However, for "Artemis", there was no resting from her labors. Underway again for Bizerte on 14 February, the yacht saw an explosion on board "SS Vidar" and called all hands to stations, but, even as she surged forward, she determined the explosion to be internal — not caused by a submarine torpedo — and stood down from battle stations. The next afternoon, another merchantman, "SS Tenterton", sounded the submarine alarm; and "Artemis" spent almost an hour at general quarters, searching for the supposed submersible before securing at 15:10, empty-handed. Two hours later, fired one shell which sent "Artemis" to battle stations again and put her on a zig-zag course off the port quarter of the formation. When her lookouts sighted no sign of an enemy, the ship stood down again.
"Artemis" continued to escort convoys between Gibraltar and North Africa into mid-March: convoys BG-12 (20–24 February), GB-16 (2–6 March), and BG-17 (12–17 March) before Lt. Comdr. Hazard — relieved by 1st Lt. C. F. Howell, USCG, on 29 March — left the ship for duty in "Birmingham". "Artemis" soon went to sea under her new commanding officer with a convoy to Bizerte (3–7 April) and commenced the return voyage with a Gibraltar-bound convoy on 8 April. However, fresh westerly breezes soon began breaking up the "good formation" enjoyed since the voyage had begun. "Artemis", playing a shepherd to her straying flock, managed to prod "SS North Pacific" and "SS Jason" back in line before the yacht's engineers noted a recurrence of her chronic condenser trouble.
Ship repairs in Algiers.
At 20:20 on 10 April, "Artemis" received permission from the escort commander to leave the convoy and headed toward Algiers for repairs. At 09:52 on the 11th, her engines ceased throbbing, the steam exhausted. The tug "Alger" arrived on the scene shortly before noon and, together with a French tug, towed the ailing yacht into Algiers harbor. After a brief drydocking (13–17 April), the converted yacht got underway on 23 April to return to Gibraltar and arrived there on the 25th.
Continued convoy operations.
Five days later, she sailed to carry out a special escort mission. On 1 May, as "Artemis" was proceeding toward rendezvous with an American merchantman off Cartagena, Spain, she spotted two suspicious-looking submarines—escorted by a torpedo boat—operating on the surface within Spanish territorial waters. The former yacht went to general quarters. She arrived at her designated rendezvous point off Escombrera Island at 15:20 and then stood in towards the coast, carefully plotting her course so that it did not take her within the limit. Soon thereafter, the torpedo boat commenced making "an immense smoke screen" that effectively concealed the entrance into Cartagena of the strange submersibles.
About three hours later, "SS Don Neal" — "Artemis"' assigned charge — stood out of Cartagena Harbor. The yacht took her into convoy at 18:50 and set a course for Oran, French Morocco. As "Don Neal" plodded along at , her escort zig-zagged watchfully, on each side of the base course and made a complete circle of her consort every half-hour. Twice, the latter appeared to have been rather casual about "darkening ship." Fortunately, enemy submarines were not afoot, and the little convoy reached Oran safely on 2 May.
Dropping depth charges on a U-boat.
As before, though, the respite afforded the yacht was slight. She weighed anchor again on 3 May, bound for Gibraltar. Daybreak the following day found the ship steaming on the right wing of the formation, gun watches and lookouts posted as usual. At 07:25, "Artemis" sighted "what was undoubtedly the wake of a submerged submarine," and went to general quarters. Two minutes later, the convoy guide sounded the alarm by whistle and flag hoist. Then, six minutes after the initial sighting, "Artemis" dropped a depth charge to port over bubbles and the slick water that apparently marked the submarine's path beneath the waves. After the resultant explosion, "Artemis" cautiously claimed possible destruction of the undersea craft, but postwar accounting revealed the loss of no submarine on that day.
She subsequently sighted the wreckage of a large schooner (possibly an earlier submarine victim) "evidently damaged by gunfire" lying on her beam ends. Several ships of the convoy, apparently thinking that the low shape of the wreck might be a surfaced submarine, fired at it.
Soon after the hunt, "Artemis" rejoined the convoy and shepherded it into Gibraltar's harbor on 5 May. The next day, the ship received on board and fitted two racks for her depth charges and nine American Mark II, mod. 1 charges to go with them.
Hurried departure from Oran.
"Artemis" then operated between Gibraltar, Algiers, and Oran through mid-May, visiting Oran for the second time during that period, embarking five survivors of the torpedoed British merchantman "SS Mavisbrook" for passage to Gibraltar. Evidently, the return passage was of an urgent nature, for at 18:00 on 26 May, "Artemis" received orders to round up her liberty party and get underway in two hours. For those next two hours, five petty officers from the ship scoured the Oran waterfront looking for "Artemis"' sailors and returned at 20:15 with all but three. Weighing anchor at 20:27, almost a half-hour behind schedule, the yacht proceeded out to sea but soon encountered her old gremlin—boiler trouble. She arrived back at Oran on the morning of the 27th, where the three missing men rejoined the ship.
Repaired, "Artemis" put to sea again on 28 May, but the chronic condenser casualties aborted her mission of escorting merchantman "SS Ixion" to Gibraltar; and the yacht returned to anchorage the next day. Underway again on the last day of May with a convoy of six merchantmen and five tugs, "Artemis" finally reached Gibraltar on 2 June.
Change of name to Arcturus.
"Artemis" log carries the interesting notation on 2 June: "Received notice from Commander, U. S. Patrol Squadrons based on Gibraltar change of name of vessel from "Artemis" to Arcturus in accordance with General Order No. 371 . . ." Interestingly, that order had been signed on 20 February 1918. The ship had operated for over three months before the official change caught up with her.
Although her name was now different, her duties remained the same. Still based on Gibraltar, "Arcturus", over the next two months, thrice escorted the cable ship "Amber" to Lagos Bay, Portugal, the latter apparently laboring on undersea lines of communication along the Portuguese coast. Interspersed with this duty was a stint escorting the French transport "Souirah" (6–9 July) and missions transporting high-ranking passengers, such as Rear Admiral Albert P. Niblack, General Sir Herbert Guthrie-Smith, and the Episcopal Dean of Gibraltar to Tangier, Morocco, and back (10 July) as well as taking on board 32 survivors of the Italian merchantman "SS Silvia" from the Spanish bark "Suarez II" (10 July) for passage back to Gibraltar.
Return to Gibraltar operations.
"Arcturus" spent August 1918 at Lisbon, Portugal, for repairs before she resumed operations on Gibraltar after escorting the French submarine "Astree" to "The Rock" on 6–7 September. As a further variation on her regular theme of escort duty, "Arcturus" twice voyaged to Tangier and back, transporting Moors from Gibraltar to Morocco (10–11 September). She rounded out September with escorting the British merchantman "SS Wethersfield" to Hornillo, Spain (23–24 September), and another period of operations with the cable ship "Amber".
She operated with "Amber" again from 1–5 October before joining "Druid" escorting a convoy of seven (ultimately, eight) merchantmen along the Spanish coastal route to Port Vendres, France from 8–13 October. Returning to Gibraltar on the 16th, "Arcturus" weighed anchor 11 days later and headed for Lagos Bay, Portugal, in company with "Amber" and the tug "Crucis". Following the three ships' arrival at that port, "Arcturus" operated there and at Sines Bay, Portugal before steaming to Lisbon for coal and provisions.
Arcturus sends out a SOS.
She returned to Lagos Bay on 5 November and rejoined "Amber" and "Crucis". The next day, "Arcturus" met Neptune's fury at its fullest. Shortly after noon, the ship became increasingly unmanageable due to heavy seas, and steering was shifted to the engines. At 15:20, Ens. J. J. Powers, USNRF, the engineer officer, reported to the captain, Lt. F. William Maennle, USNRF, that there was a leak in the engine room which the pumps could not control.
With the water in the engineering spaces rising rapidly, Maennle ordered the engines stopped and the sea anchor launched. These efforts, however, proved unequal to the task of making "Arcturus" ride the seas head-to. Instead, the yacht's comparatively large top-hamper acted as a veritable sail which the wind used to swing the ship around broadside. At 15:25, "Arcturus" began broadcasting S.O.S. signals — answered swiftly by her old consort "Amber" and the tugs "Oporto" and "Monsanta".
In the meantime, with the engineers laboring in the sloshing, rising waters below, "Arcturus" put over "oil bags" on the weather side to minimize the effect of the heavy seas. Despite this, however, the yacht rolled "dangerously" in the trough of the sea. In view of the critical situation, Lt. Maennle mustered all hands — except those detailed to the sea anchor, radio, oil bags, and locating the leak in the engine room — at their abandon ship stations, with their life preservers on. Prepared for the worst, "Arcturus"' men hung on.
Then, shortly after Amber came close aboard at 15:55 to be told to stand by to leeward. Ens. Powers reported at 16:00 that he and his persevering (and wet) engineers had located the leak — the main injection pump had carried away — and efforts were being made to stop it and pump out the water which had risen to a height of in the engine and fire rooms. The situation then looked much better for all concerned, so "Arcturus" annulled her S. 0. S. signals at 16:08, with "Amber" and "Crucis" sticking faithfully near. At 16:25, temporary repairs completed, "Arcturus" was ready to get underway and proceed to Lisbon. Accompanied initially by her two consorts (which she lost sight of at 00:45 on the 7th), the converted yacht reached her destination at 09:35 on 7 November.
End-of-war operations.
At 13:50 on 11 November, while still at Lisbon undergoing repairs, "Arcturus" received word of the armistice, ending hostilities, and the admonition to naval vessels to maintain "all precautions against attack from submarines." Those enemy men-of-war were to be treated as "friendly unless hostilities are obvious."
Return to America.
On 6 December, "Arcturus" embarked six passengers for transportation back to the U.S., and at 07:00 on the 7th got underway for home in company with , "Surveyor", the Coast Guard cutters "Yamacraw", "Druid" and "Wenonah". One day out of Ponta Delgada, "Arcturus" suffered the now-familiar problem with her condensers; and, while the other ships proceeded on, "Surveyor" stood by the ailing "Arcturus" on 11 December.
Subsequently encountering more condenser troubles occasioned by the pounding the ship was taking in the December gales, "Arcturus" had to be taken in tow by "Surveyor" on Christmas Day. Casting off on the 27th, "Arcturus" arrived at Grassy Bay under her own power the following day. On the last day of 1918, the yacht sailed for New London, Connecticut on the last leg of her homeward-bound voyage.
Reaching New London on 3 January 1919, "Arcturus" spent over two months (with the exception of a trip to Melville, Rhode Island and back on 4–5 January 1919, for coal) at the District Base, New London, assigned to the Atlantic Fleet's Reserve Squadron. Underway for New York City on 25 March, the yacht moored at pier 72, East River, that evening. She moved to the navy yard two days later, for coal, and ultimately arrived at Ulmer Park Marine Basin, Brooklyn, New York, on 30 March.
Post-war decommissioning.
Shifting briefly to the Staten Island Shipbuilding Co. at Mariners' Harbor, she returned to the Ulmer Park basin at noon on 2 May. Soon thereafter, "Arcturus" was simultaneously decommissioned on 5 May, struck from the Naval Vessel Register, and turned over to the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Subsequent maritime career.
"Arcturus"' service with that agency proved to be short, since she was returned to the Navy on 15 January 1920 and ordered "inspected for sale." Sold to J. M. Scott of New York City on 4 October, she resumed her prewar name, "Artemis", and retained it for the rest of her days. 
Sometime during 1924 or 1925, J. W. Hunter, a British subject, acquired "Artemis", but passed ownership to another Briton, R. Rose, about a year later. Subsequently acquired by the Tropical Fruit and Steamship Co., a Honduran firm, "Artemis" burned and sank in February 1927

</doc>
<doc id="18448364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448364" title="T. W. Josey High School">
T. W. Josey High School

T. W. Josey Comprehensive High School (commonly referred to as T. W. Josey or Josey High School) is a public high school in Augusta, Georgia. Josey's campus is located several blocks south of the Medical District. The campus is bounded by 15th Street to the east, Essie McIntyre St. (at former city limits) to the north, and Eagles Way (named in honor of the school's football team in the 1990s) to the south.
History.
The school opened in 1964 as a school for African Americans, in the final decade of segregated schools in the county. It was named after Doctor Thomas Walter Josey, a prominent figure in African American local history.
Building improvements including a new classroom wing and building facade were added in the late 1990s.
Student activities.
Athletics.
The school mascot is an eagle, and the school colors are green, white, and gold. They have a football team, basketball team, soccer team, track and fields team, and wrestling team.
AFJROTC.
The school retains a small Air Force JROTC contingent.
Only a near 10 percentage of T.W. Josey is apart of their program their midst are still strong
Marching band.
The school's marching band consists of normal band unit (the "Sonic Boom of the South"), a dancing line (the "Certified Gold Eaglettes"), a flag line. And a little girls team called the junior boom of the south 

</doc>
<doc id="18448375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448375" title="64th Regiment">
64th Regiment

64th Regiment or 64th Infantry Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18448378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448378" title="Domenico Bernasconi">
Domenico Bernasconi

Domenico Bernasconi (November 16, 1902 – February 2, 1978) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Carate Lario.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Jean Ces.

</doc>
<doc id="18448380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448380" title="1801 in France">
1801 in France

"See also:" 
1800 in France, 
1802 in France.
Events from the year 1801 in France.

</doc>
<doc id="18448384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448384" title="Seidlitz powder">
Seidlitz powder

Seidlitz powder or Sedlitz powders is the name under which a commonly known regulator of digestion and laxative was distributed. It is composed of a mixture of tartaric acid, sodium bicarbonate, and potassium sodium tartrate, and is used as a mild cathartic by dissolving it in water and drinking.
After ingestion, the powder combines with gastric juices to develop intestinal gases which are somewhat helpful in evacuating the users's bowels. However their use can also lead to unpleasant side effects, and can even be fatal in subjects with conditions such as hernia, bowel obstruction or other ailments.
The name is derived from the village of Sedlec (Sedlitz in German), which was the source of a well-known bitter-mineral water called Zaječická hořká (Sedlitz water), used as a regulator of digestion and laxative since the 16th century. 
The late 19th-century product generally called "Sedlitz powder" which was produced by many chemical factories had nothing to do with bitter spring water from the villages Sedlec, Zaječice and Korozluky in the Czech Republic near Most.

</doc>
<doc id="18448385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448385" title="Ike Isaacs (bassist)">
Ike Isaacs (bassist)

Ike Isaacs (March 28, 1923 - February 27, 1981) was an American jazz bassist from Ohio.
Isaacs played trumpet and tuba as a child before settling on bass. He served in the Army during World War II, where he took lessons from Wendell Marshall. Following this he played with Tiny Grimes (1948-50), Earl Bostic (1951-53), Paul Quinichette (1953), and Bennie Green (1956). He led a band locally in Ohio in 1956, then played for two years in the trio of Carmen McRae, whom he married late in the decade. He worked with Lambert, Hendricks and Ross, then with Count Basie (1962), Gloria Lynne (1962-64), and Erroll Garner (1966-70), as well as with his own small groups. He recorded only once as a leader, in 1967 for RGB Records. On this recording he plays in a trio with Jack Wilson on piano and Jimmie Smith on drums.
Discography.
With Ray Bryant
With Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis and Harry "Sweets" Eddison
With Bennie Green

</doc>
<doc id="18448392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448392" title="Zhuifen Station">
Zhuifen Station

Zhuifen Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Dadu District, Taichung, Taiwan.
The Zhuifen-Chenggong Ticket was a hot sale because of its lucky meaning "Pursue to Success".
Service.
Zhuifen Station is primarily serviced by Local Trains (區間車).

</doc>
<doc id="18448396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448396" title="Dadu Station">
Dadu Station

Dadu Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Dadu District, Taichung, Taiwan.
Service.
As a minor station, Dadu Station is primarily serviced by Local Trains (區間車). A few times per day a "Chu-Kuang Express" (莒光號) or a "Tzu-Chiang Limited Express" (自強號) stops at the station.

</doc>
<doc id="18448398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448398" title="Longjing Station">
Longjing Station

Longjing Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Longjing District, Taichung, Taiwan.
Service.
Longjing Station is primarily serviced by Local Trains, and it is the most profitable station of all stations on the Coast Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18448399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448399" title="Shalu Station">
Shalu Station

Shalu Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line). It was built in May 1919 and is located in Shalu District, Taichung, Taiwan.
Structure.
The station was first built as a wooden structure due to the extreme slopes.
Service.
Services began in December 1920 for passengers and cargo.

</doc>
<doc id="18448400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448400" title="Qingshui Station">
Qingshui Station

Qingshui Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Qingshui District, Taichung, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18448401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448401" title="Taichung Port Station">
Taichung Port Station

Taichung Port Station (), formerly known as Jianan Station, is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) and the Taichung Port Line located in Qingshui District, Taichung, Taiwan.
Service.
Taichung Port Station is only a point to branching out Taichung Port Line. 

</doc>
<doc id="18448405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448405" title="64 Squadron">
64 Squadron

64 Squadron or 64th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18448414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448414" title="Dajia Station">
Dajia Station

Dajia Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Dajia District, Taichung, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18448421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448421" title="Yuanli Station">
Yuanli Station

Yuanli Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Yuanli Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18448423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448423" title="Xinpu Station (TRA)">
Xinpu Station (TRA)

Xinpu Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Tongxiao Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18448425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448425" title="Tongxiao Station">
Tongxiao Station

Tongxiao Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Tongxiao Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18448430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448430" title="List of islands of the Falkland Islands">
List of islands of the Falkland Islands

The following are lists of islands of the British Overseas Territory of the Falkland Islands.
Small archipelagos.
Jason Islands.
None of the Jason Islands are permanently inhabited.
List of Falkland Islands named after people.
This is a short list of islands, which are known to be named after someone.
Spanish names derived from people.
A list of the derivations of Spanish names, where they differ substantially from the English versions.

</doc>
<doc id="18448437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448437" title="Baishatun Station">
Baishatun Station

Baishatun Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Tongxiao Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.
Service.
This Station runs daily from 6am-12pm.

</doc>
<doc id="18448439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448439" title="Longgang Station">
Longgang Station

Longgang Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Houlong Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18448440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448440" title="Houlong Station">
Houlong Station

Houlong Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Houlong Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18448441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448441" title="Dashan Station">
Dashan Station

Dashan Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Houlong Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18448447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448447" title="Tanwen Station">
Tanwen Station

Tanwen Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Zaoqiao Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18448454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448454" title="Couto de Magalhães de Minas">
Couto de Magalhães de Minas

Couto de Magalhães de Minas is a Brazilian municipality located in the north-center of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 4,332 living in a total area of 484 km². The city belongs to the statistical mesoregion of Jequitinhonha and to the statistical microregion of Diamantina. It became a municipality in 1963.
Couto de Magalhães de Minas is located at an elevation of 1155 meters in the upper Jequitinhonha River valley. It is northeast of Diamantina to which it is connected by federal highway BR-367
The distance to Diamantina is 39 km; and the distance to Belo Horizonte is 320 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Diamantina (N) and (W) ; Santo Antônio do Itambé (S); São Gonçalo do Rio Preto and Felisberto Caldeira (E).
The main economic activities are services, agriculture, and small industries. The GDP in 2005 was R$18 million, with 11 million from services, 4 million from industry, and 1 million from agriculture. There were 126 rural producers on 14,000 hectares of land. Only 9 farms had tractors (2006). The main crops were sugarcane, beans, corn, and soybeans. There were 2,000 head of cattle (2006).
The social indicators rank it in the middle tier of municipalities in the state.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.
There was one health clinic in 2005. Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Diamantina. Educational needs were met by 5 primary schools and 2 middle schools.

</doc>
<doc id="18448457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448457" title="Zhunan Station">
Zhunan Station

Zhunan Station (), is a railway station of Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Zhunan Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan. It lies at the northern junction of the Mountain and Coast Lines of the Western Line.
Overview.
The station has three island platforms. Although it is a first-class station, the "Taroko Express", a variant of the "Tzu-Chiang Limited Express" which passes through the Taichung Line (Mountain Line), does not stop at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18448460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448460" title="Cinnamon Bay Plantation">
Cinnamon Bay Plantation

Cinnamon Bay Plantation is an approximately property situated on the north central coast of Saint John in the United States Virgin Islands adjacent to Cinnamon Bay. The land, part of Virgin Islands National Park, was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places on July 11, 1978. Archaeological excavations of the land document ceremonial activity of the Taínos, as well as historic remains of plantation ruins.
History.
Early inhabitants.
Archaeological evidence shows that the first inhabitants of the Virgin Islands were Ortoiroid people. The Arawaks migrated to the area over a period of many centuries and engaged in the first agriculture on the land. Archaeological excavations confirm a Classic Taino culture at Cinnamon Bay.
Plantation era.
Starting in the 1680s, prior to any formal colonization, the land along the shoreline of the north central coast of Saint John was occupied for decades by settlers with diverse nationalities. The property was used for maritime activities and cotton production.
The Danish claimed Saint John on March 25, 1718 and the area along the north central coast from Caneel Bay to Cinnamon Bay was occupied by nine private land owner. The Danish established large plantations worked by slaves brought from Africa.
Daniel Jansen and his wife Adriana Delicat were the first land owners to acquire a formal Danish deed for property at Cinnamon Bay. Approximate to Jenson's purchase in 1718, a coastal parcel of land was purchased by William Gandy in 1722, and was later bought by Peter Durloo in 1728. Durloo was the husband of Daniel Jansen's daughter, Elizabeth. Durloo's newly acquired coastal land abutted Jensen's property to the north. In 1719, Pieter de Buyck purchased property along the north central coast of the island, east of the Gandy-Durloo land. After de Buyck's death in 1728, the land became the property of Abraham Beaudewyn. The 1936 tax records show that Jasper Jansen, Daniel and Adriana Jansen's eldest son, owned the de Buyck-Beaudewyn land. Despite the short tenure of de Buyck, this locale still carries his name, Peter Bay. These three parcels of land; the Jansen, Gandy-Durloo, and de Buyck-Beaudewyn properties, became the consolidated estate later known as Cinnamon Bay Plantation.
List of new owners of the consolidated property:
1733 slave insurrection.
During the 1733 slave insurrection on St. John, slaves loyal to the Jensen family held off the rebel slaves long enough for the Jansen's to escape, but could not prevent "the property's dwelling house, storage building, and boiling house from being looted and burned, nor could they prevent the Jansen cane fields from being set ablaze",
20th century history.
In 1913, Cinnamon Bay was bought by a Danish company and the land was used for breeding and raising of cattle. 
In 1955, Cinnamon Bay was sold to Jackson Hole Preserve, Incorporated and in 1956 donated to Virgin Islands National Park.
Sugar plantation.
The 1805 tax rolls show that Cinnamon Bay plantation had planted in sugarcane, in provision crops, and unused or in bush.
Virgin Islands National Park.
The land was donated to the United States National Park Service in 1956 by Laurence Rockefeller.

</doc>
<doc id="18448480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448480" title="Zaoqiao Station">
Zaoqiao Station

Zaoqiao Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Mountain Line) located in Zaoqiao Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18448481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448481" title="Fengfu Station">
Fengfu Station

Fengfu Station () is a railway station of Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Taichung Line located in Houlong Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan. This station would be the nearest TRA station to the proposed THSR Miaoli Station.

</doc>
<doc id="18448482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448482" title="Change of variables (PDE)">
Change of variables (PDE)

Often a partial differential equation can be reduced to a simpler form with a known solution by a suitable change of variables. 
The article discusses change of variable for PDEs below in two ways:
Explanation by example.
For example the following simplified form of the Black–Scholes PDE 
is reducible to the heat equation
by the change of variables:
in these steps:
Advice on the application of change of variable to PDEs is given by mathematician J. Michael Steele:
Technique in general.
Suppose that we have a function formula_24 and a change of variables formula_25 such that there exist functions formula_26 such that
and functions formula_29 such that
and furthermore such that
and
In other words, it is helpful for there to be a bijection between the old set of variables and the new one, or else one has to
If a bijection does not exist then the solution to the reduced-form equation will not in general be a solution of the original equation.
We are discussing change of variable for PDEs. A PDE can be expressed as a differential operator applied to a function. Suppose formula_36 is a differential operator such that 
Then it is also the case that 
where
and we operate as follows to go from formula_37 to formula_41
Action-angle coordinates.
Often, theory can establish the existence of a change of variables, although the formula itself cannot be explicitly stated. For an integrable Hamiltonian system of dimension formula_57, with formula_58 and formula_59, there exist formula_57 integrals formula_61. There exists a change of variables from the coordinates formula_62 to a set of variables formula_63, in which the equations of motion become formula_64, formula_65, where the functions formula_66 are unknown, but depend only on formula_67. The variables formula_67 are the action coordinates, the variables formula_69 are the angle coordinates. The motion of the system can thus be visualized as rotation on torii. As a particular example, consider the simple harmonic oscillator, with formula_70 and formula_71, with Hamiltonian formula_72. This system can be rewritten as formula_73, formula_74, where formula_75 and formula_76 are the canonical polar coordinates: formula_77 and formula_78. See V. I. Arnold, `Mathematical Methods of Classical Mechanics', for more details.

</doc>
<doc id="18448485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448485" title="Miaoli Station">
Miaoli Station

Miaoli Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Mountain Line). It is located in Miaoli City, Miaoli County, Taiwan.
Overview.
The station has one side platform and one island platform. It also has a tourist information center. Miaoli Station is an important station on the Taichung Line and has facilities for freight/cargo services.

</doc>
<doc id="18448486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448486" title="B.D.M International">
B.D.M International

B. D. M International [ formerly B. D. Memorial Institute ] is an institute affiliated with the CBSE board in Pratapgarh, Kolkata, West Bengal, India. It has over 6000 students.The school is English medium with Bengali and Hindi taught as vernaculars. Subjects taught as per the norms of the Central Board of Secondary Education
History.
The school was founded in 1966. The school opened with two students and one teacher under the guidance of the founder principal Smt. Usha Mehta. It was founded by Late Smt. Draupadi Devi. From then the school made immense success in all fields.
Campuses.
The school is divided into Ten Branches located, listed following :
Academics.
The School provides education in following streams: Science, Commerce and Arts, 
as well as special subjects: Entrepreneurship, Bio-Technology, Informatics, Physical Education, Mass Media Studies and Financial Market Management (FMM)
Co-curricular activities.
The school offers co-curricular activities including meditation and yoga; games and sports like basketball, cricket, badminton, table-tennis, football, chess and carom; Arts and crafts; Western and Indian dancing and singing; besides self-motivating workshops for the students. There are also regular societies for debating, dramatics and quizzing.
Achievements.
It has maintained a 100% success rate in AISSE ever since its affiliation to C.B.S.E. in 1983. It has received the Sanjeevani Award for "The School That Looks Beyond" and The Telegraph Education Foundation Award for "The Best Academic Performance by a School".

</doc>
<doc id="18448489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448489" title="Nanshi Station">
Nanshi Station

Nanshi Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Mountain Line) located in Miaoli City, Miaoli County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18448491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448491" title="Tongluo Station">
Tongluo Station

Tongluo Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Mountain Line) located in Tongluo Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18448492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448492" title="Sanyi Station">
Sanyi Station

Sanyi Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Mountain Line) and Old Mountain Line. It is located in Sanyi Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18448506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448506" title="Tai-an Station (Taichung)">
Tai-an Station (Taichung)

Tai-an Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Taichung Line located in Houli District, Taichung, Taiwan. The current elevated station is not the first Tai-an Station nor is located at its original site. Due to the re-routing of the Western Line, the TRA closed the Tai-an Old Station and keeps it as a tourist and historical facility while transferring the actual transportation service to the new station.
__NOTOC__
Structure.
Tai-an Station is an elevated train station, and the ticket vending machine is placed on the ground floor, and passengers go upstairs to the fifth floor to take the train. There is an elevator for use by those who are physically disabled. An island platform is located between the tracks at the station.
Service.
As a minor station, Tai-an Station is primarily serviced by Local Trains (區間車). A few times per day a "Chu-Kuang Express" (莒光號) or a "Tzu-Chiang Limited Express" (自強號) stops at the station.

</doc>
<doc id="18448511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448511" title="Houli Station">
Houli Station

Houli Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Taichung Line located in Houli District, Taichung, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18448514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448514" title="Fengyuan Station">
Fengyuan Station

Fengyuan Station () is a railway station of Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Taichung Line located in Fengyuan District, Taichung, Taiwan. It was formerly a terminus for the now-defunct TRA Dongshi Line.
Overview.
The current station is a temporary station, which originally opened with two island platforms. However, with construction of the Taichung Elevated Railway Project, the station has been converted to one side platform, one island platform, and a remaining unused platform.
As part of the Taichung Elevated Railway Project, the station is slated to be replaced with an elevated station with two island platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="18448515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448515" title="Tanzi Station">
Tanzi Station

Tanzi Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Mountain Line) located in Tanzi District, Taichung City, Taiwan. The current station is located on ground level. As part of the elevatization process of the Western Line, a new elevated Tanzi Station is currently under construction.
Structure.
The current ground-level station consists of two island platforms. 
Service.
As a minor station, Tanzi Station is primarily serviced by Local Trains (區間車). A few times per day a "Chu-Kuang Express" (莒光號) or a "Tzu-Chiang Limited Express" (自強號) stops at the station.

</doc>
<doc id="18448518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448518" title="Taiyuan Station">
Taiyuan Station

Taiyuan Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Taichung Line located in Beitun District, Taichung, Taiwan.
As part of the elevatization of the Taichung Line, the current Taiyuan Station is slated to be replaced by an elevated station, which is currently under construction.
Structure.
Bridge-cross style station house 
Service.
TRA Benpu has once opened on 2F concourse and Giant Bicycling was both closed.

</doc>
<doc id="18448519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448519" title="François Sybille">
François Sybille

François Sybille (9 October 1906, Liège – 1968) was a Belgian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. He was eliminated in the second round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Jean Ces.

</doc>
<doc id="18448520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448520" title="Zzyzzyxx">
Zzyzzyxx

Zzyzzyxx is a stand up coin operated arcade game developed by Advanced Microcomputer Systems, and manufactured by Cinematronics in 1982. It was retitled as Brix for release as a conversion kit in 1983. The title screen and marquee were the only changes.
Game concept.
The object of the game is to guide the hero, named Zzyzzyxx, through a moving maze of bricks to collect gifts and bring them to the fair-haired Lola, the object of his affection. Zzzyzzyxx is opposed by the evil Rattifers, named Boris, Bluto and Smoot, who will try to intercept him as he makes his way through the maze. Zzyzzyxx can collect a helmet in the maze, which can be used to imprison a Rattifer inside a brick, or to break a brick in the row above to move through the maze. As the levels progress, Zzyzzyxx must avoid crumbling bricks, rising missiles, and dropping bombs. The game has a 1up player score and laps tallied at the top of the screen.

</doc>
<doc id="18448522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448522" title="WKVT">
WKVT

WKVT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18448523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448523" title="65 Squadron">
65 Squadron

65 Squadron or 65th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18448529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448529" title="Shengxing Station">
Shengxing Station

Shengxing Station (), also spelled Shengsing Station or Shenghsing Station, is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Western Line (Old Mountain Line). It is located in Sanyi Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan. This station was closed to normal service on September 24, 1998 due to a route change of the trunk line. It is now a tourist spot surrounded by a cluster of tea shops and traditional Hakka restaurants.
History.
The station was completed in 1905 and functioned as a station on the Mountain Line section of the TRA's Western Line for nearly the rest of the century. However due to the steepness of the Western Line in the vicinity of the station, the TRA constructed a new, more easily navigable section of the Mountain Line. As a result, passenger services to Shengxing Station ceased in 1998 when the new section of the Mountain Line opened while the previous segment of the Mountain Line containing Shengxing Station became known as the "Old Mountain Line". However due to its history and value to local people, the TRA kept the station as a tourist attraction, and in 1999 the Miaoli County government designated the station as a historic site. 
In 2010 as part of an initiative to increase tourism in the region, the TRA began steam train services on the Old Mountain Line on special occasions. Shengxing Station once again became a stop on passenger train services.

</doc>
<doc id="18448533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448533" title="Michel Platini Mesquita">
Michel Platini Mesquita

Michel Platini Ferreira Mesquita or simply Michel Platini (born 8 September 1983 in Ceilândia) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Ludogorets Razgrad.
Career.
Michel Platini played for Brazlândia, Mexican Primera División side Pachuca, Gama, Araguaína, Grêmio Anápolis, Hong Kong First Division League side South China and Veranópolis, before moving to Chernomorets Burgas in Bulgaria.
Chernomorets Burgas.
Platini signed a three-year contract with Chernomorets on 29 June 2008, after a successful trial period with the club. He marked his competitive debut on 5 July with the equalising goal in Chernomorets's second round match of Intertoto Cup against ND Gorica which ended in a 1–1 draw. Platini made his Bulgarian A Group debut against Botev Plovdiv in a 1–0 away win on 10 August. He scored his first league goal for Chernomorets on 21 September 2008 against Litex Lovech in a 2–2 away draw. During his first season, he scored 10 goals in 27 league games.
In May 2009 it was reported in the Bulgaria media that Michel was a target for Russian side Amkar Perm and Levski Sofia. Platini began the following season for Chernomorets, netting a three goals in four league games.
CSKA Sofia.
On 31 August 2009, CSKA Sofia signed Platini for a three-year deal keeping him in the club until 30 June 2012. He was given the number 22 shirt. Platini scored his first official goal for CSKA in the first match of the group stage of the UEFA Europa League against Fulham F.C. on 17 September 2009, which ended in a 1–1 draw.
On 26 February 2011, Platini scored two goals in the Eternal Derby against Levski Sofia, which ended in a 3–1 away win for CSKA. On 25 May, Platini won the Bulgarian Cup with CSKA.
On 17 October 2011, Platini signed a new contract with the club until the end of 2013–14 season.
Dinamo București.
On 13 February 2012, Platini joined Dinamo București Ironically, he had played against them as a CSKA player in an ill-tempered friendly match just a week before, being sent off. However, he made only 8 appearances, struggling to establish himself in the squad.
Return to CSKA.
On 12 July 2012, he returned to CSKA as part of the deal for Boris Galchev. He finished the season with 16 appearances, scoring 8 goals.
Ludogorets Razgrad.
On 28 July 2013, CSKA shockingly announced that they have reached an agreement with title rivals and Bulgarian champions Ludogorets Razgrad for the transfer of Platini. On 30 June 2013, he was officially presented as a new signing in front of the media at the club's training camp in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="18448538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448538" title="Franciszek Walicki">
Franciszek Walicki

Franciszek Walicki (born July 20, 1921 in Łódź, Poland) is considered the father of Polish big beat and rock.
In 1956 he and Leopold Tyrmand organized the first Jazz Festival in Sopot. Walicki also founded a number of important Polish bands:

</doc>
<doc id="18448546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448546" title="Washington Agreement on Gold">
Washington Agreement on Gold

The Washington Agreement on Gold was signed of 26 September 1999 in Washington, D.C. during the International Monetary Fund (IMF) annual meeting, and the US Secretary of the Treasury, Lawrence Summers, and the Chairman of the Federal Reserve, Alan Greenspan, were present.
Scope.
"Under the agreement, the European Central Bank (ECB), the 11 national central banks of nations then participating in the new European currency, plus those of Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, agreed that gold should remain an important element of global monetary reserves and to limit their sales to no more than 400 tonnes (12.9 million oz) annually over the five years September 1999 to September 2004, being 2,000 tonnes (64.5 million oz) in all."
Reason.
"The agreement came in response to concerns in the gold market after the United Kingdom treasury announced that it was proposing to sell 58% of UK gold reserves through Bank of England auctions, coupled with the prospect of significant sales by the Swiss National Bank and the possibility of on-going sales by Austria and the Netherlands, plus proposals of sales by the IMF. The UK announcement, in particular, had greatly unsettled the market because, unlike most other European sales by central banks in recent years, it was announced in advance. Sales by such countries as Belgium and the Netherlands had always been discreet and announced after the event. So the Washington/European Agreement was at least perceived as putting a cap on European sales."
Criticism.
Analysis.
The following remarks are from George Milling-Stanley, Manager, Gold Market Analysis--World Gold Council, from an October 6, 1999 address to The 12th Nikkei Gold Conference :
"Central bank independence is enshrined in law in many countries, and central bankers tend to be independent thinkers. It is worth asking why such a large group of them decided to associate themselves with this highly unusual agreement...At the same time, through our close contacts with central banks, the Council has been aware that some of the biggest holders have for some time been concerned about the impact on the gold price—and thus on the value of their gold reserves—of unfounded rumours, and about the use of official gold for speculative purposes.
"Several of the central bankers involved had said repeatedly they had no intention of selling any of their gold, but they had been saying that as individuals—and no-one had taken any notice. I think that is what Mr. Duisenberg meant when he said they were making this statement to clarify their intentions."
The documents.
First version (1999).
The first version, the "Central Bank Gold Agreement (CBGA)" was signed on 26 September 1999.
Full text.
"In the interest of clarifying their intentions with respect to their gold holdings, the above institutions make the following statement":
Second version (2004).
The second version, "Joint Statement on Gold", was signed on 8 March 2004. The Bank of England did not participate.
Full text.
"In the interest of clarifying their intentions with respect to their gold holdings, the undersigned institutions make the following statement:"
Gold will remain an important element of global monetary reserves.
The gold sales already decided and to be decided by the undersigned institutions will be achieved through a concerted programme of sales over a period of five years, starting on 27 September 2004, just after the end of the previous agreement. Annual sales will not exceed 500 tons and total sales over this period will not exceed 2,500 tons.
Over this period, the signatories to this agreement have agreed that the total amount of their gold leasings and the total amount of their use of gold futures and options will not exceed the amounts prevailing at the date of the signature of the previous agreement.
This agreement will be reviewed after five years.
2009 agreement.
In August 2009, 19 banks extended the agreement and committed to selling no more than a combined 400 metric tonnes of gold through September 2014. The International Monetary Fund did not sign this agreement.
Full text.
1. Gold remains an important element of global monetary reserves.
2. The gold sales already decided and to be decided by the undersigned institutions will be achieved through a concerted programme of sales over a period of five years, starting on 27 September 2009, immediately after the end of the previous agreement. Annual sales will not exceed 400 tonnes and total sales over this period will not exceed 2,000 tonnes.
3. The signatories recognize the intention of the IMF to sell 403 tonnes of gold and noted that such sales can be accommodated within the above ceilings.
4. This agreement will be reviewed after five years.

</doc>
<doc id="18448555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448555" title="Austin Wylie">
Austin Wylie

Austin Wylie (1893 - December 7, 1947) was an American jazz bandleader.
Wylie led a dance band in the 1920s and early 1930s which operated as a territory band based out of Cleveland, Ohio, though he also broadcast on national radio. The band was sometimes billed as the Golden Pheasant Orchestra. A number of noted jazz musicians played in Wylie's orchestra, such as Jack Jenney, Tony Pastor, Nate Kazebier, Spud Murphy, Bill Stegmeyer, Joe Bishop, Billy Butterfield, Johnnie Davis, Vaughn Monroe, Claude Thornhill, and Artie Shaw.
Shaw also served as arranger and director for the group. After Shaw formed his own band later in the 1930s, Wylie acted as his manager. He died in Crile Veterans Hospital in 1947 at the age of 54.

</doc>
<doc id="18448556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448556" title="Commission on Information and Communications Technology (Philippines)">
Commission on Information and Communications Technology (Philippines)

The Commission on Information and Communications Technology (CICT) () was the primary policy, planning, coordinating, implementing, regulating, and administrative entity of the executive branch of the Philippine Government that would promote, develop, and regulate integrated and strategic information and communications technology (ICT) systems and reliable and cost-efficient communication facilities and services. Established in 2004 by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, it was abolished in 2011 by her successor, Benigno Aquino III.
History.
Beginnings.
The CICT was created on January 12, 2004, by virtue of Executive Order No. 269, signed by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, as a transitory measure to the creation of a Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT). The CICT was composed of the National Computer Center (NCC), the Telecommunications Office (TELOF), and all other operating units of the Department of Transportation and Communications (DOTC) dealing with communications. The National Telecommunications Commission (NTC) and the Philippine Postal Corporation (PhilPost) were also attached to the CICT for policy coordination. The CICT took over the functions of the Information Technology and Electronic Commerce Council (ITECC), which was subsequently abolished through Executive Order No. 334 on July 20, 2004.
Restructuring.
Executive Order No. 454, signed on August 16, 2005, transferred the NTC back to the DOTC. According to EO 454, the transfer "will streamline bureaucracy operations." While the reasons for the transfer were unclear, there were discussions that placing the NTC under the CICT would be a bureaucratic anomaly since it is unusual for a commission to fall under another commission.
Executive Order No. 603, signed on February 17, 2007, transferred the TELOF and all other operating units of the CICT dealing with communications back to the DOTC. According to EO 603, the transfer "is necessitated by the present demands of national development and concomitant development projects as it will streamline bureaucracy operations and effectively promote fast, efficient and reliable networks of communication system and services." The transfer of the TELOF to the DOTC left the CICT with just two agencies--the NCC and the PhilPost.
Executive Order No. 648, signed on August 6, 2007 but published only on December 24, 2008, transferred the NTC back to the CICT.
Executive Order No. 780, signed on January 29, 2009, transferred the TELOF and all other operating units of the DOTC dealing with communications back to the CICT, thereby returning the CICT to its original composition.
Current Status.
Several bills in the Philippine Congress have been filed creating a Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT), which would transform the CICT into an executive department.
In the House of Representatives, a consolidated bill, House Bill No. 4300, was approved on third and final reading on August 5, 2008 and transmitted to the Senate on August 11, 2008.
In the Senate, a consolidated bill, Senate Bill No. 2546, was approved by the Senate Committee on Science and Technology on August 19, 2008, but had not made it past second reading by the time Congress adjourned session on February 5, 2010, which means the bill is as good as dead. It will have to be refiled in both the House of Representatives and the Senate in the next Congress. With the failure of Congress to pass the DICT Bill, the legal basis of the CICT remains an executive order, which means the next President can abolish the CICT.
In June 23, 2011 Executive Order No. 47 was signed by President Aquino III. The order states that: "Reorganizing, renaming and transferring the Commission on Information and Communications Technology and its attached agencies to the Department of Science and Technology, directing the implementation thereof and for other purposes." Furthermore, "the positions of Chairman and Commissioners of the CICT are hereby abolished." The BPO stakeholders were surprised with the order and unhappy with the change.
Head of Agency.
Chairman.
The CICT is headed by a Chairman, who is a member of the Cabinet with the rank of Secretary. The Chairman is appointed by the President.
Additional Responsibilities.
Executive Order No. 561, signed on August 19, 2006, designated the CICT Chairman as the development champion of the Cyber Corridor super region.
Republic Act No. 9369, signed into law on January 23, 2007, designated the CICT Chairman as the Chairman of the Advisory Council to the Commission on Elections.
Other Officials.
Commissioners.
The CICT Chairman is assisted by four Commissioners, who have the rank of Undersecretary and are appointed by the President.

</doc>
<doc id="18448559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448559" title="Martin Steuble">
Martin Steuble

Martin Steuble (born 9 June 1988) is a Swiss-Filipino professional footballer who plays in the Swiss Challenge League for FC Wil 1900.
Early life.
Steuble was born in Schlieren, Canton of Zürich, Switzerland. His mother is Filipina.
International career.
On October 2013, Steuble confirmed he would join the Philippines national team and travelled to Manila to settle his eligibility requirements. He made his international debut on the 1st of March 2014 when he started in a friendly match against Malaysia that ended in a 0-0 draw.

</doc>
<doc id="18448570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448570" title="Zakiya Nassar">
Zakiya Nassar

Zakiya Nassar, sometimes spelled "Zakia" (), born April 2, 1987 in Bethlehem, Palestine), is an Olympic swimmer from Palestine.
She represented Palestine at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. In the lead-up to the Games, her coach, relayed by the media, commented that Nassar faced severe difficulties in training, due to her lack of access to a swimming pool. "The Globe and Mail" reported that "is no Olympic-sized pool in the Palestinian territories and no budget to speak of for the Palestinian Olympic swimmers". Nassar told the media that she was receiving no support from the Palestinian authorities, that she was able to swim once a month "at best", and that she feared a disastrous performance in Beijing. The Israeli authorities subsequently granted her authorisation to swim in a pool in Jerusalem.
Nassar won her heat in the 50 metre freestyle event, but her time of 31.97 was not sufficient for her to advance to the next round.
Nassar lives in Bethlehem and, as of 2008, is studying dentistry at the Arab American University in Jenin.

</doc>
<doc id="18448587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448587" title="Franz Barta">
Franz Barta

Franz Barta (born November 18, 1902, date of death unknown) was an Austrian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to François Sybille.

</doc>
<doc id="18448592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448592" title="Bernard Simondi">
Bernard Simondi

Bernard Simondi (born July 28, 1953) is a French former footballer and coach.
He played for SC Toulon, Stade Lavallois, FC Tours and AS Saint-Étienne.
After his playing career, he became a coach with Al-Nassr, Puget, Aubagne, Grenoble, US Créteil, Guinea, Benin, ES Sahel, Burkina Faso, ES Sétif, Al-Kharitiyath and Al-Ahly Doha.

</doc>
<doc id="18448594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448594" title="Steven Thomas (entrepreneur)">
Steven Thomas (entrepreneur)

Steven Thomas (born October 13, 1971; found dead July 14, 2008, age 36) was an American entrepreneur who founded the computer security company Webroot Software.
After being diagnosed with "possible" bipolar disorder, he went missing in June 2008. His body was found on July 2, 2008, at the bottom of Pali Lookout near Honolulu. An autopsy showed that his injuries appeared to be consistent with a fall; However he did send a letter to his closest friends that if he turned up missing or dead it was not his fault. The case is still open with the Honolulu Police and is deemed as an unattended death.

</doc>
<doc id="18448595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448595" title="William Edjenguélé">
William Edjenguélé

William Edjenguélé (born 7 May 1987 in Paris) is a French football defender who currently is a Free Agent.
Career.
Edjenguélé began his career 1993 with CFF Paris and joined 2005 in the reserve team of Le Mans Union Club 72. After three years with Le Mans UC 72 B who scored one goal in 58 appearances joined on 18 July 2008 to Neuchâtel Xamax. On 27 April 2010 his club confirmed his contract will not renewed and he left the club.
On 30 July 2010, he signed with Panetolikos F.C.. He was an integral part of the squad that became 2010–11 Football League champions and led Panetolikos F.C. to the Greek Superleague. However, he could not help Panetolikos avoid relegation after the end of the 2011–12 Superleague Greece . Panetolikos and Edjenguélé parted ways on 2 May 2012.
At the start of the 2012/13 season, Edjenguélé joined Coventry City on trial and started in the 8–0 victory over Hinckley United on 14 July 2012. He later signed for the club on 17 July on a three-year contract. Edjenguélé scored his first goal, with a header, in a 3-1 win over Colchester United. He is affectionately known as 'Billy Edge' to Coventry City fans.
On 20 August 2013, Edjenguélé had is contract at Coventry City terminated by mutual consent. On the same day it was reported that he had signed for Bury.
On 29 January 2014, Edjenguélé cancelled is contract at Bury on mutual terms.
Career statistics.
Stats according to Soccerbase
Personal Life.
Edjenguele is user of Twitter, so he can be closer to the fans by running regular competitions for his worn match-shirts and sharing his thoughts on his performances.
Honours.
With Panetolikos F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="18448599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448599" title="Eric Guliford">
Eric Guliford

Eric Andre Guliford (born October 25, 1969) was an American football wide receiver who played five seasons in the National Football League and four seasons in the Canadian Football League. He was selected by the Carolina Panthers in the 1995 NFL Expansion Draft

</doc>
<doc id="18448604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448604" title="Oglodak Island">
Oglodak Island

Oglodak Island is an island in the U.S. State of Alaska. It is located in the Aleutians West Census Area, which encompasses most of the Aleutian Island chain. The island is currently uninhabited and has an area of roughly one and a half square mile. The island measuring long and wide

</doc>
<doc id="18448616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448616" title="Maryland Heights (disambiguation)">
Maryland Heights (disambiguation)

Maryland Heights is the name of a city in Missouri. Maryland Heights can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18448619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448619" title="Sébastien Wüthrich">
Sébastien Wüthrich

Sébastien Wüthrich (born 29 May 1990 in Neuchâtel) is a Swiss footballer who plays for FC St. Gallen on loan from FC Sion in the Swiss Super League. He is a full international for Switzerland under-21.

</doc>
<doc id="18448622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448622" title="2005–06 European Challenge Cup">
2005–06 European Challenge Cup

The 2005–06 European Challenge Cup was the tenth year of the European Challenge Cup, the second tier rugby union cup competition below the Heineken Cup. The tournament was held between October 2005 and May 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18448643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448643" title="Jimmy Whitehouse">
Jimmy Whitehouse

James Lewington Whitehouse, born 9 April 1873 in Birmingham and died 7 February 1934, was a professional footballer.
James Whitehouse played goalkeeper for Grimsby Town from June 1892 thru 1896.
He joined Aston Villa in 1896 for a £200 fee.In his first season he played 22 games for the club's championship winning side.
In 1898 James Whitehouse joined Bedminster before rejoining Grimsby Town in 1899.
After 1903 his football career began to wane as he failed to make the first team and began moving to lesser quality clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="18448650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448650" title="Ken Moynagh">
Ken Moynagh

Ken Moynagh a British medical missionary to Rwanda.

</doc>
<doc id="18448655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448655" title="Red Volcano">
Red Volcano

Red Volcano is a fictional character, a comic book android supervillain published by DC Comics. He first appeared in "DC Universe" #0 (April 2008), and was created by Grant Morrison, Gail Simone and Aaron Lopresti.
Publication history.
Red Volcano debuted in "DC Universe" #0, and returned in 2009's Red Tornado mini-series.
Fictional character biography.
Red Volcano was created by Professor Ivo and T.O. Morrow. Ivo uses him as an aide during his tenure as part of the Secret Society of Super Villains. He helps Ivo in collecting soil samples from various regions of Earth where acts of genocide took place over the past 100 years. This is a plot to create a golem called Genocide. Following the "Final Crisis", he was with Cheetah's Secret Society of Super Villains.
During the events of the "Red Tornado" miniseries, it is revealed that the Red Volcano is one of three other androids that were created besides the Red Tornado, the first of which was the Red Torpedo, a female water elemental who was the first of the four, and much later the Red Inferno, a fire elemental designed to look much younger than the other four. Of the four "siblings" representing the elements, the Red Volcano is an earth elemental who can manipulate molten rock and magma. The Volcano lacks the humanity or conscience that his "siblings" have, going so far as to torture his creator into revealing the whereabouts of the other two robots. When Morrow tells him where the Red Inferno is, the Volcano heads for the child robot's home neighborhood and mercilessly murders the Inferno's adopted parents and destroys the entire neighborhood. He then takes the distraught Inferno with him into the atmosphere, telling him that the government was responsible for killing his parents in order to get him to destroy orbiting satellites and wreak havoc.
Powers and abilities.
Red Volcano possesses heat generating abilities. He is also shown wearing a cape made of molten rock.
He also has super-strength and flight, and has also demonstrated geokinesis to a great extent.

</doc>
<doc id="18448660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448660" title="Beira Litoral Province">
Beira Litoral Province

Beira Litoral is a former province ("provincia") of Portugal, formally instituted in an administrative reform of 1936. The territory corresponds mainly to the Douro Province from the 19th century. It was abolished with the 1976 Constitution of Portugal.
The province was bordered on the north by Douro Litoral Province, on the east by Beira Alta Province and Beira Baixa Province, on the southeast by Ribatejo Province, on the southwest by Estremadura Province and on the West by the Atlantic Ocean.
Beira Litoral was made up of 33 concelhos, integrated for the most part into Aveiro District and Coimbra District, half of Leiria District, and one concelho of Santarém District. Its capital was the city of Coimbra. The included concelhos by district were:
Today, nearly all of the former province is located in the Centro Region, only three municipalitites are situated in the Norte Region, subregion of Entre Douro e Vouga (namely Oliveira de Azeméis, São João da Madeira and Vale de Cambra). 
The municipalities in the Centro Region are divided among the subregions Baixo Vouga, Baixo Mondego, nearly all of Pinhal Interior Norte (except Oliveira do Hospital and Tábua, which belong to Beira Alta, and Pampilhosa da Serra, part of Beira Baixa), part of Pinhal Litoral (except Marinha Grande and Porto de Mós), plus the concelho Médio Tejo (Ourém).

</doc>
<doc id="18448672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448672" title="Extinct Birds (Rothschild book)">
Extinct Birds (Rothschild book)

Extinct Birds (complete title: Extinct birds. An attempt to unite in one volume a short account of those Birds which have become extinct in historical times—that is, within the last six or seven hundred years. To which are added a few which still exist, but are on the verge of extinction.) is a book by Walter Rothschild which covers globally extinct and rare birds as well as hypothetical extinct species which include bird taxa which existence are only based on written or oral reports or on paintings. The accounts of the extinct bird taxa are based on Rothschild's lecture "On extinct and vanishing birds" published in the Proceedings of the 4th International Ornithological Congress 1905 in London.
Subsequent authors like Errol Fuller were influenced by Rothschild's reference work. Fuller published an eponymous book in 1987 with a foreword written by Miriam Rothschild and also used color plates from Rothschild's work.
Limited number.
Only 300 copies were published in 1907 at Hutchinson and Co. in London. All copies are registered and personally signed by Rothschild.
Plates.
The 45 color paintings and 4 grayscale sketches are by John Gerrard Keulemans, George Edward Lodge, Henrik Grönvold, Frederick William Frohawk, and Joseph Smit.

</doc>
<doc id="18448677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448677" title="Montefiore Cemetery">
Montefiore Cemetery

Montefiore Cemetery, also known as "Old Montefiore Cemetery," is a Jewish cemetery in Springfield Gardens, Queens, New York. 
The cemetery is called by many names. It is known as Old Montefiore, Springfield, or less commonly just plain Montefiore.
New Montefiore.
In 1928, Montefiore Cemetery expanded to include a second site in Farmingdale, New York, known as New Montefiore Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18448713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448713" title="Old Home Town">
Old Home Town

Old Home Town is the 39th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1982 (see 1982 in music).
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="18448721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448721" title="Family tree mapping">
Family tree mapping

Family tree mapping is the process of geocoding places in family tree files to produce geospatial data suitable for viewing with a virtual globe or 2D mapping program.
Overview.
The availability of several free applications for viewing geographic data has led to a growing interest in the use of this technology by genealogists and family history researchers.
The ability to share keyhole markup language (KML) files through sites such as Google Maps means that researchers can find matches based on geographic location rather than just a place name.
Family tree mapping applications.
Genealogy software that can be used for family tree mapping include:
Utility applications that can be used for family tree mapping include:

</doc>
<doc id="18448737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448737" title="Joseph Lazarus">
Joseph Lazarus

Joseph Ashur Lazarus (December 18, 1903 – June 21, 1943) was an American boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Bayonne, New Jersey.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to Oscar Andrén.
Lazarus later became an insurance broker. In 1943 he was killed after mediating a street brawl between a client and two British merchant seamen. After everyone had shaken hands, one of the sailors punched Lazarus through a drugstore window. An artery in his thigh was severed, and he bled to death.

</doc>
<doc id="18448751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448751" title="Collar workers">
Collar workers

Groups of workers are sometimes referred to be the characteristics of their uniforms or clothing. Blue-collar workers are so named because they tended to wear sturdy, inexpensive clothing that didn't show dirt easily, such as blue denim or chambray shirts. White-collar workers are named for the white collars fashionable among office workers in the early and middle parts of the 20th century. 
Blue-collar.
A "Blue-collar worker" is a member of the working class, who performs manual labor and earns an hourly wage.
White-collar.
The term "white-collar worker" was coined in the 1930s by Upton Sinclair. It means a salaried professional, typically referring to general office workers and management.
Specialty classifications.
These classifications may fall under more than one of the categories or subcategories above.

</doc>
<doc id="18448756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448756" title="111 Squadron">
111 Squadron

111 Squadron or 111th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18448758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448758" title="Map My Ancestors">
Map My Ancestors

Map My Ancestors is an application for converting GEDCOM files produced by genealogy software into Keyhole Markup Language (KML) files for viewing with KML-compatible programs such as Google Earth or Google Maps. It can also convert comma-separated values (CSV) files produced by spreadsheet or database software into KML files.
The application identifies places in the source data and Geocodes them to produce a list of latitudes and longitudes. The user has the opportunity to confirm map locations before viewing the data with Google Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="18448759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448759" title="HMT Vizalma">
HMT Vizalma

HMT "Vizalma" (FY286) was an anti-submarine warfare naval trawler of the Royal Navy.
She was built by Cook, Welton & Gemmell, of Beverley and was launched on 11 April 1940 and commissioned on 12 August 1941. She was assigned to the Royal Naval Patrol Service, sold in December 1945 and scrapped at Dunston on 4 November 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="18448775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448775" title="Namibian parliamentary election, 1989">
Namibian parliamentary election, 1989

Parliamentary elections were held in Namibia between 7 and 11 November 1989. These elections were for the Constituent Assembly of Namibia, which, upon independence in March 1990, became the National Assembly of Namibia.
Background.
The elections were facilitated by the United Nations, after the withdrawal of South African troops from South West Africa (present day Namibia) after the 1988 Tripartite Accords. The UN established the United Nations Transition Assistance Group and through its resolutions 629, 632, 640 and 643 in 1989, implemented the United Nations plan for Namibia in 435 (1978) to help secure free and fair elections, and eventually, the country's independence.
701,483 people registered to vote, with 680,788 casting votes, equating to a voter turnout of 97%.
Aftermath.
Following the election, SWAPO supporters celebrated across Windhoek, especially in the segregated suburb of Katutura. Dirk Mudge, chairman of the DTA, pledged to work with the SWAPO government in moving towards independence and national development. Support for the DTA and UDF was strong in the former bantustans including Hereroland and Damaraland. 

</doc>
<doc id="18448779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448779" title="Oscar Andrén">
Oscar Andrén

Oscar Fredrik Andrén (November 7, 1899 – September 11, 1981) was a Swedish boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Stockholm.
In 1924 he finished fourth in the bantamweight class after losing the bronze medal bout to Jean Ces.

</doc>
<doc id="18448796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448796" title="Yano Anaya">
Yano Anaya

Yano Anaya (born July 13, 1972, in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American former child actor, who is the younger brother of actress Katy Kurtzman.
Anaya graduated from Monroe High School in California and grew up in Panorama City in the San Fernando Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="18448814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448814" title="Barodontalgia">
Barodontalgia

Barodontalgia, commonly known as tooth squeeze and previously known as aerodontalgia, is a pain in tooth caused by a change in atmospheric pressure. The pain usually ceases at ground level.
The most common victims are SCUBA divers because in deep dives pressures can increase by several atmospheres, and military pilots because of rapid changes.
In pilots, barodontalgia may be severe enough to cause premature cessation of flights.
Most of the available data regarding barodontalgia is derived from high-altitude chamber simulations rather than actual flights. Barodontalgia prevalence was between 0.7% and 2% in the 1940s, and 0.3% in the 1960s. 
Similarly, cases of barodontalgia were reported in 0.3% of high altitude-chamber simulations in the Luftwaffe.
The rate of barodontalgia was about 1 case per 100 flight-years in the Israeli Air Force. During World War II, about one-tenth of American aircrews had one or more episodes of barodontalgia. In a recent study, 8.2% of 331 Israeli Air Force aircrews, reported at least one episode of barodontalgia. 
Barodontalgia is a symptom of dental disease, for example inflammatory cyst in the mandible.
Indeed, most of the common oral pathologies have been reported as possible sources of barodontalgia: dental caries, defective tooth restoration, pulpitis, pulp necrosis, apical periodontitis, periodontal pockets, impacted teeth, and mucous retention cysts. One exception is barodontalgia manifested as referred pain from barosinusitis or barotitis-media. The latter two conditions are generated from pressure changes rather than pressure-related flare-up of pre-existing conditions.
A meta-analysis of studies conducted between 2001 and 2010 reveled a rate of 5 episodes/1,000 flight-years. Maxillary and mandibular dentitions were affected equally in flight, but in diving, maxillary dentition was affected more than the mandibular dentition, which can indicate a greater role for maxillary sinus pathology in diving barodontalgia. Surprisingly, despite the cabin pressurization - the current in-flight barodontalgia incidence is similar to the incidence in the first half of the 20th century; despite the more fluctuation in divers' pressures - the weighted incidence of barodontalgia among aircrews are similar to the weighted incidence among divers; and as opposed to a common belief, and in contrast to diving conditions - the role of facial barotrauma in the etiology of in-flight barodontalgia is only minor (about one-tenth of cases).
Classification.
The Fédération dentaire internationale describes 4 classes of barodontalgia. The classes are based on signs and symptoms. They also provide specific and valuable recommendations for therapeutic intervention.

</doc>
<doc id="18448815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448815" title="Adalton Luis Juvenal">
Adalton Luis Juvenal

Adalton Luis Juvenal or simply Dudu or Dudu Mineiro (born 30 June 1985) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Brazilian side Votuporanguense as a forward.
Dudu appeared in the Copa do Brasil for Guará. He played for Brazilian club Clube do Remo before he was bought by Chernomorets Burgas in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18448819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448819" title="Windows NT 6.x">
Windows NT 6.x

Windows NT 6.x can refer to these releases of Microsoft Windows:

</doc>
<doc id="18448830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448830" title="Mario González (Uruguayan boxer)">
Mario González (Uruguayan boxer)

Mario González (born September 8, 1901, date of death unknown) was an Uruguayan boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to Oscar Andrén.

</doc>
<doc id="18448837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448837" title="44 Squadron">
44 Squadron

44 Squadron or 44th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18448849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448849" title="Philippe Redon">
Philippe Redon

Philippe Redon (born 12 December 1950) is a French former footballer and manager. 
Club career.
He played for Stade Rennais, Red Star, Paris SG, Girondins de Bordeaux, FC Metz, Stade Lavallois, FC Rouen, Papeete, AS Saint-Étienne and US Créteil.
Managerial career.
After his playing career, he became a coach with US Créteil, RC Lens, Cameroon and Liberia. He was also an assistant coach at Stade Rennais.

</doc>
<doc id="18448852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448852" title="Tazakend">
Tazakend

Tazakend or T’azak’end may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18448866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448866" title="Windows 5.x">
Windows 5.x

Windows 5.x can refer to these versions of Microsoft Windows operating systems:

</doc>
<doc id="18448877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448877" title="Somos tú y yo">
Somos tú y yo

Somos tú y yo is a television series produced by Tigritos Media Productions C.A. and Venevisión in 2007 under the direction of Vladimir Perez, and recently broadcast on the channel Boomerang. Its second season started on July 2, 2008 which is transmitted at 18:00 h in Venezuela and is coming soon to Boomerang.
The show has been officially cancelled due to supposed complaints against it on CONATEL in Venezuela, forcing the producers to make the second season its last one, but recently Vladimir Perez announced a third season for 2009 and the series would be put on hiatus officially until August 17, the premiere of the third season. Its main competitor is "Isa TKM".
This is the first Cebuano language-dubbed Telenovela series to be aired on Cebu and Davao.
Story.
This story recounts the relationship between two young people (Sheryl and Victor). Beginning as friends, a deeper romantic relationship grows as they share their passion for music. All the while, popular girl Rosmery and popular boy Aran fight to keep Sheryl and Victor apart.
Characters.
She lives with her cousin Claudia as her mother is dead. She finds unconditional friendship and support in her boyfriend Victor. Sheryl is confident and a talented singer of 15 years.
He is many girls' fantasy guy: honest, enthusiastic, handsome and romantic. He is originally from Valencia, but his mother Monica was relocated for work (she is a radio producer) and his aunt Magaly (The owner of the Music Academy and Talent) gets him work in the small all-student college radio, "Date". He now lives in Caracas with his aunt Magaly and her two sons, his cousins, Nicolas and Jorge. Sheryl is his girlfriend and they share a common bond through music.
Along with Rosangela and Oriana, Rosmery forms the popular group dubbed the 'Sifrinas'. In the beginning, she becomes Aran's girlfriend, later breaking up and developing a crush on Victor, while Aran has a crush on Sheryl. The two team up to break up Sheryl and Victor. While at first they are successful in deceiving Victor into believing that Sheryl likes Aran, Sheryl and Victor discover their plot and get revenge. Her inseparable best friends, Oriana y Rosangela are sometimes forced to do dirty work in her vengeful schemes.
Aran is the hot boy of the Academy. His catch phrase is "Just because you're on a diet doesn't mean you can't see the menu". He is a good looking, charming heartthrob who in the beginning is with Rosmery. When they break up however, he becomes interested in Sheryl (whom he calls 'guitarrita') who is with Victor. Together with Rosmery he unsuccessfully tries to break up the two. In the end, he becomes a kinder person, at least for now. He dreams of becoming a professional baseball pitcher.
In the beginning she is Hendrick's girlfriend, but the relationship always has problems. She is self-centered and her main goal in life is to become a star. She is a part of the 'Sifrinas' along with her best friends Rosangela 'Rosi' and Rosmery 'Rosme'. Her typical attitude is 'if Hendrick is not mine, then he's nobody's'. Her relationship with Hendrick ends, and after another brief stint while Hendrick tries to make Sheryl jealous, remains over. She later finds love with an unsuspected person.
In the beginning he is with Oriana, but later begins to like Sheryl. He plays basketball, is fun, laid back and is Aran's best friend. In the end of season one, he and Yuvanna fall in love
with each other and end up together. He also falls in love with Sheryl.
Songs.
Somos Tu y Yo (Soundtrack)

</doc>
<doc id="18448881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448881" title="Wilhelm Marschall">
Wilhelm Marschall

Wilhelm Marschall (30 September 1886 – 20 March 1976) was a German admiral during World War II. He was also a recipient of the "Pour le Mérite" which he received as commander of the German U-boat during World War I. The "Pour le Mérite" was the Kingdom of Prussias highest military order for German officers until the end of World War I.
Biography.
Marschall was born in Augsburg, Kingdom of Bavaria, in 1886. In 1906 he entered the Kaiserliche Marine as a Seekadett. During World War I he served as a watch officer on the SMS "Kronprinz". In 1916 he was educated as a U-boat commander and captained both and by war's end.
While in the Reichsmarine, Marschall served primarily as a Vermessungsoffizier (surveying officer) and in different staff positions. At the end of 1934 he became commander of the pocket battleship "Admiral Scheer". As a Konteradmiral in 1936, he joined the Oberkommando der Kriegsmarine and headed the operations division. During the Spanish Civil War Marschall commanded the German naval forces off of the Spanish coast. He was promoted to Admiral and Flottenchef (fleet commander) in 1939.
Admiral Marschall, flying his flag in battleship "Gneisenau", led the German naval force which intercepted and sank the British auxiliary cruiser HMS "Rawalpindi" on 23 November 1939, while on patrol off Faroe Islands. On 8 June 1940, during the latter part of the Norwegian Campaign, Marschall and part of his force (flagship "Gneisenau", and her sister-ship "Scharnhorst") fell in with British aircraft carrier HMS "Glorious" and two destroyers ("Acasta" and "Ardent") about 280 miles west of Harstad, Norway. In a two-hour action, "Glorious" and her accompanying destroyers were all sunk, in exchange for damage to "Scharnhorst" (struck by one of "Acasta's" torpedoes). Although the battle was a German victory, Marschall had engaged "Glorious" despite orders to avoid action. Marschall's differences with the High Command on this subject, and the severe damage to "Scharnhorst" during the engagement, ensured that Marschall was replaced as "Flottenchef" by Admiral Günther Lütjens. Marschall led the inspection of naval education for two years beginning in the summer 1940.
In 1942 Marschall was named commanding admiral of occupied France and replaced Alfred Saalwächter as commander of Marinegruppenkommando West. On 1 February 1943 he was promoted to Generaladmiral, but was replaced as western commander by Theodor Krancke and deactivated later that spring.
During the remainder of the war, Marschall was reactivated twice, once as Sonderbevollmächtigter (special agent) for the Danube, and once as commander of the Marineoberkommando West shortly before war's end. From 1945–47 he was held as a prisoner of war.
Marschall died in Mölln, West Germany, in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18448884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448884" title="Ties that Bind, Ties that Break">
Ties that Bind, Ties that Break

Ties that Bind, Ties that Break is a historical novel written by Chinese-American author Lensey Namioka and published in 1999. Set in early twentieth-century China, the story follows a girl named Ailin who refuses to have her feet bound, which comes to affect her future. Two girls, bound by friendship, defy the ancient traditions of their class and heritage and emerge as young women of indomitable spirit. The sequel is "An Ocean Apart, A World Away", which follows the story of Ailin's friend, Xueyan.
Plot overview.
Tao Ailin, (Also called Eileen) the main character of "Ties That Bind, Ties That Break", is born into the Tao family at a time when China is in great turmoil. Her story is told in a flashback; as a young woman, she meets her childhood fiance, Hanwei, again and begins to recall how she became the wife of a Chinese restaurant owner in California.
In 1911, Ailin is a spirited girl from a strict family and is expected to have her feet bound in preparation for marriage. Foreigners in China gradually erode the traditions of the Chinese empire by introducing western philosophies; Ailin's father is one such man to perceive that the traditions that have preserved the power of the Chinese empire will not last much longer. 
When Ailin is five, she is engaged to Liu Hanwei, a 7 year old boy who is to be educated in a western school. They become friends, especially when Hanwei promises to teach her all the things he learns in public school. They are a well-matched pair and their families become close; Ailin is fortunate that her future mother-in-law genuinely likes Ailin. However, when the time comes for Ailin's feet to be bound, she refuses and the engagement is broken off. Ailin's father accepts Ailin's desire to keep her feet unbound, despite the fact it will make it harder for her to marry, and it will make life harder for her in general.
When she grows older, her father sends Ailin to a western public school, where Ailin learns many of the things that Hanwei once promised to teach her. Ailin is an exceptional student, especially in English lessons since she has the ability to imitate any language perfectly, and she finds a friend a girl with unbound feet named Xueyan (also known as Sheila,) a student who has ambitions to become a doctor. However, Ailin's education becomes a point of difficulty with the rest of her family, as educated girls are also undesirable for marriage and the school fees are expensive.
Ailin's father dies of tuberculosis when she is fourteen and she loses the only support she has in her family and cannot continue with school any longer. Unable to find a man willing to marry her, her uncle, her father's older brother and the head of the family since Grandmother dies of a paralyzing stroke, offers her the choices of becoming a concubine for another family, marrying a farmer, or becoming a nun. Ailin chooses none of the given options and is thrown out of the family, saved from her uncle's wrath only out of respect and love for Ailin's father. With the help of her English teacher, Miss Gilbertson, Ailin finds work as an amah (governess) for the Warners, an American family. When the Warner family moves briefly to the United States, Ailin leaves Shanghai with them with the blessings of her uncle.
On the boat to California, Ailin meets a young man named James Chew and they fall in love. When the Warners decide to return to China, Ailin chooses to remain in California to marry James and help him run his restaurant. Years later, Hanwei appears in the restaurant, reunited with Ailin for the second time since their engagement was broken. After Ailin relates her story to Hanwei, he reveals that his mother, who broke off their engagement, eventually relented and would have let Hanwei marry Ailin and she could have lived in comfort. While Ailin admits her life has not been easy, she is happy and proud of all the work she has done in her life.

</doc>
<doc id="18448924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448924" title="Katarzyna Sobczyk">
Katarzyna Sobczyk

Katarzyna Sobczyk (February 12, 1945 – July 28, 2010) was a Polish singer. She was born as Kazimiera Sobczyk in Tyczyn, Poland. From 1964 to 1972, she was a member of the band Czerwono-Czarni.
Later she and her husband Henryk Fabian were vocalists in the band "Wiatraki". She died from breast cancer in a hospice in Warsaw-Ursynów on July 28, 2010, aged 65. 

</doc>
<doc id="18448961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448961" title="Drop.io">
Drop.io

Drop.io was an online file sharing service. It allowed users to quickly create "drops", which could contain files of any type, and could be accessed via the internet, e-mail, phone, fax, and widgets. The service did not require users to sign up for an account, and each drop was private unless the creator chose to share it. Drop.io was named one of TIME Magazine's 50 Best Websites of 2009, and CNET Webware 100.
On October 29, 2010, Drop.io announced that the company had been purchased by Facebook and that the service would be shutting down. Sam Lessin, one of the site's founders, would be moving to Facebook. , the site is no longer active; the blog is also down, as of November 2011.
History.
Drop.io was founded by Sam Lessin and Darshan Somashekar in August 2007. The company's offices were originally located in Manhattan, New York City; it moved to the "DUMBO" neighborhood of Brooklyn in 2008.
In November 2007, Drop.io completed a $1.2 million Series A round of financing led by RRE Ventures to support the company's development efforts and infrastructure growth. In March 2008, the company closed $2.7 million in series A-1 financing led by New York venture capital firms DFJ Gotham and RRE Ventures.
Drop.io was nominated for the Technical Achievement Award at the South By Southwest 11th Annual Web Awards in 2007.
On June 10, Drop.io and Scribd, announced a partnership to offer rich conversion and viewing within private "drops", in an attempt to make it easier for people to share private information online. As of 2008, users can find Drop.io on a number of social networking sites, including: Facebook and Twitter.
Between March 2007 and November 2008, drop.io released a series of feature improvements to their platform including 'inputs' and 'outputs' via various interfaces like phone and fax, a Twitter 'subscription' mode, and a Firefox plugin that allows users to 'drag and drop' files into new or existing 'drops'
In September 2008, drop.io released a very simple API which allows other applications to use drop.io's file sharing ability in their own applications. Several early applications were built, including usend.io (a simple file transfer app like senduit or yousendit). Ars Technica appears to have built the first fully operational third party application on the API.
In November 2008, drop.io announced having moved 100% into 'the cloud' having switched away from all owned and rented physical hardware/servers and claimed to be the largest 100% in the cloud application in the world.
Also in November 2008, drop.io released a major design overhaul which completely changed the front end of the product, but maintained the core service.
In December 2008, drop.io was one of the first services to release a Facebook Connect integration, which allowed users to publish updates of any sort made to any drop directly to their Facebook feed 
In January 2009, drop.io launched a professional product extension called drop.io manager which allowed users to create templates to pre-customize and brand drops, as well as get detailed reporting about how their drops are being used.
In March 2009, drop.io launched playlist.io one in a series of 'applets' which allow for feature customization of drop.io around various use cases 
Between February 2009 and May 2009, drop.io started integrating real-time features into its file sharing backbone using XMPP. This initially included chat functionality and real-time streaming of files, but expanded in May to include a web-presentation mode.
On September 10, 2009, drop.io released "Attach Large Files ", a pre-installed application for all Yahoo! Mail users. The app allows users to attach an unlimited amount of files up to 100 Mb and was developed entirely on drop.io's API with their custom-built JavaScript library.
Products.
Drop.io's free product offered 100 megabytes of storage. Users could upgrade to 25 gigabytes of storage for an annual fee. Drop.io additionally offered a business and education-oriented service called Manager, which aimed to replace FTP systems for file sharing.

</doc>
<doc id="18448965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448965" title="Robert Hilliard">
Robert Hilliard

Robert Martin Hilliard (7 April 1904 – 22 February 1937) was an Olympic boxer, Irish republican, Church of Ireland minister and communist. He was killed in the Spanish Civil War fighting in the International Brigades.
Hilliard was born in Moyeightragh near Killarney. His father's family were prosperous shop owners. Robert was educated at Cork Grammar School and then Mountjoy School in Dublin. He won a Read Sizarship to Trinity College Dublin in 1921. There he became interested in republican politics, co-founding the College's Thomas Davis Society and participating in the latter stages of the Irish Civil War.
Hilliard was interested in a variety of sports and was a founding member of Trinity's hurling club. In 1923 he was champion of the Irish Amateur Boxing Association and of British and Irish Universities. He fought in the bantamweight class at the 1924 Olympics, representing Ireland. He got a bye in the first round and lost on points to Benjamín Pertuzzo in the second round.
Hilliard left Trinity in 1925 without a degree. In 1926 he married Edith Rosemary Robins born 1905 in Ngara, Nyassaland, Africa daughter of Stephen Robins and Rose Melicent Baker of Kingswood Hanger in Gomshall, Surrey. They moved to nearby Hindhead where he worked as a journalist and in advertising. The couple had four children. Hilliard became interested in the Oxford Group of evangelical Christians. He resumed his studies at Trinity and in 1931 was conferred with a B.A. Degree and letters testimonial for ordination. He was ordained a Church of Ireland priest in 1932, and worked in the mission to the poor attached to St Anne’s Cathedral, Belfast.
Hilliard's socialist beliefs his religious calling; he abandoned his family and ministry and went to London, where he joined the Communist Party of Great Britain and returned to journalism. He subsequently joined the Communist Party of Ireland, becoming an atheist as well as a Marxist. He joined the International Brigades fighting for the Second Spanish Republic, either the Connolly Column of Irish volunteers or the British column. A comrade-in-arms recalled that he parodied the sign of the cross by reciting "In the name of Marx, Engels, Lenin, Stalin, Stakhanov, Dimitrov, the Party Line" while tracing the hammer and sickle with his hand. Hilliard was one of four riflemen in the rearguard covering the Republican retreat after the Battle of Jarama. All were killed, Hilliard dying of his wounds at Castellón de la Plana five days after being shot. Hilliard is among the combatants namechecked in Christy Moore's song "Viva la Quinta Brigada" about the Spanish Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="18448975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18448975" title="Participatory justice">
Participatory justice

Participatory justice is the use of alternative dispute resolution, such as mediation, conciliation, and arbitration, in criminal justice systems, instead of, or before, going to court. It is sometimes called "community dispute resolution".
In rare cases, it also refers to the use of The Internet or a television reality show to catch a perpetrator.
Once used primarily in Scandinavia, Asia, and Africa, participatory justice has been "exported" to the United States and Canada. It is used in a variety of cases, including between "Landlords and Tenants, Neighbours, Parents and Children, Families and Schools, Consumers and Merchants ... victims of crime and offenders."
It has been called "the ethical seal of a democratic society" by Jesuit Friedhelm Hengsbach, and "the politics of the future." It is about "People and Relationships." 
Advantages.
Some advantages of participatory justice are:
Disadvantages.
Some disadvantages of participatory justice are:

</doc>
<doc id="18449019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449019" title="Mark II">
Mark II

Mark II or Mark 2 often refers to the second version of a product, frequently military hardware. "Mark", meaning "model" or "variant", can be abbreviated "Mk."
Mark II or Mark 2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18449024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449024" title="Lake Güija">
Lake Güija

Lake Güija is a lake in Central America. The lake is situated on the border between Guatemala and El Salvador and has an area of 45 km², of which approximately 32 km² lies in El Salvador. 
The lake is of volcanic origin and was formed by a large basaltic lava flow from the San Diego volcano which blocked the Güija depression's original drainage. Lake Güija is fed by the Ostúa, Angue and Cusmapa rivers and is drained on its southeastern side by the río Desagüe, a tributary of the río Lempa. The lake is surrounded by the volcanic cones of the Mita, San Diego and Cerro Quemado. The Salvadoran side of the lake has several small isles: Teotipa, Cerro de Tule and Iguatepec, where a substantial number of pre-Columbian céramics have been discovered since excavations started in 1924.
Bosque San Diego La Barra lies on the eastern side of the lake.
World Heritage Status.
This site was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List on September 21, 1992 in the Mixed (Cultural + Natural) category.

</doc>
<doc id="18449036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449036" title="USS Minnesota (SSN-783)">
USS Minnesota (SSN-783)

USS "Minnesota" (SSN-783) is the 10th of a projected 30 submarines. It is the third United States Navy vessel named for the state of Minnesota, and the first to bear the name since 1921. "Minnesota" was laid down on 20 May 2011, and christened on 27 October 2012 in a ceremony attended by many top ranking officials in the U.S. Navy and Congress. On 6 June 2013, Huntington Ingalls Industries announced that "Minnesota" had been delivered to the Navy, nearly 11 months ahead of schedule. The boat was placed in commission on September 7, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18449037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449037" title="Summit Entertainment">
Summit Entertainment

Summit Entertainment LLC (formerly Summit Entertainment LP) is an American film studio and a subsidiary of Lions Gate Entertainment headquartered in Universal City, California with international offices in London.
History.
Summit was originally founded in 1991 by film producers Bernd Eichinger, Arnon Milchan, and Andrew G. Vajna, initially to handle film sales in foreign countries. Summit later expanded into producing and co-financing films in 1995, and started fully financing films by 1997. Summit officially launched in 1993 by Patrick Wachsberger, Bob Hayward and David Garrett under the name Summit Entertainment LP as a production, distribution, and sales organization. Among the company's early successes was "American Pie", which Summit distributed outside of English-speaking territories. In 2006, it became a fully independent film studio, Summit Entertainment, with the addition of Rob Friedman, a former executive at Paramount Pictures. The new company added major development, production, acquisitions, marketing and distribution branches with a financing deal led by Merrill Lynch and other investors giving it access to over $1 billion in financing. With that, Summit established the home video distribution due to the production of the "Twilight" film series. Summit is also distributed theatrically and on DVD in Europe and in Canada by Entertainment One.
After a string of flops including "P2", "Penelope", and "Sex Drive", Summit finally found success in November 2008 with the release of "Twilight", a teen romance about vampires based on the best-selling book of the same name by Stephenie Meyer that made $408,773,703 worldwide. In the spring of 2009, Summit released "Knowing", the company's second movie to open #1 at the box office and made $182,492,056 worldwide.
In November 2009, Summit released the sequel to "Twilight" titled "", also based on the popular novel by Stephenie Meyer, breaking box office records in its first weekend, grossing $142,839,137 in three (3) days and posting the fourth all-time best weekend box office figure behind Columbia Pictures' "Spider-Man 3" ($151,116,516) and Warner Bros. Pictures' "The Dark Knight" ($158,411,483) and "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2" ($168,550,000).
On June 30, 2010 Summit released the third film of the "Twilight" series, "". It broke a midnight screening record of over $30 million and set a one-day Wednesday record of $68.5 million but failed to surpass the one-day tally of $72 million set by "New Moon". It became the first movie in the series to cross the $300 million mark domestically.
Other films for Summit include "Ender's Game", which was released on November 1 in the United States. “Ender’s Game” is an adaptation by Gavin Hood and stars “Asa Butterfield” as the titular character, Andrew “Ender” Wiggin" of the novel of the same name by Orson Scott Card, which was first published as a full-length novel in 1985. "Next Day Air" ($10,027,047 US box office), "The Hurt Locker" ($16,400,000 US box office) which garnered Summit its first Best Picture Oscar, the animated film "Astro Boy", the teenage horror "Sorority Row" ($11,965,282 US box office), the low-budget "Push" ($31,811,527 US box office), the dismally-attended "Bandslam" ($5,210,988 US box office), "Letters to Juliet" ($53,032,453 US box office), and the sleeper hit "RED" ($87,940,198 US box office), which was nominated for a 2010 Golden Globe in the Best Motion Picture – Comedy or Musical category.
In 2008, Summit ranked in eighth place among the studios, with a gross of $226.5 million, almost entirely because of the release of "Twilight". In 2009, Summit ranked 7th among studios with a gross of $482.5 million.
Acquisition by Lions Gate Entertainment.
In September 2008, merger talks between Summit and Lions Gate Entertainment were the subject of media speculation, but no deal was finalized at that time. On February 1, 2009, it was announced that Lionsgate would acquire Summit, along with its library of six films and rights to the "Twilight" franchise, but two days later, these merger negotiations broke down due to concerns over changing content.
On January 13, 2012, Lions Gate Entertainment acquired Summit for $412.5 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18449039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449039" title="Last of the Summer Wine (series 21)">
Last of the Summer Wine (series 21)

Outline.
The trio in this series consisted of: 
First appearances.
Tom Simmonite (2000-2010)<br>
Mrs Avery (2000-2001)<br>
Babs (2000) (Only appeared in 3 episodes)<br>
Ros Utterthwaite (2000-2005)
Last appearances.
Compo (1973-2000)

</doc>
<doc id="18449042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449042" title="Jimmie Smith">
Jimmie Smith

James Howard "Jimmie" Smith (born January 27, 1938, Newark, New Jersey) is an American jazz drummer.
Smith studied at the Al Germansky School for Drummers in his home town of Newark, New Jersey from 1951–54, then attended the Juilliard School in 1959-60. He began his professional career in New York around this time. In the 1960s he played with Jimmy Forrest (1960), Larry Young (1960–62), Lambert, Hendricks, and Ross (1962–63), Pony Poindexter (1963), Jimmy Witherspoon (1963), Gildo Mahones (1963), Jimmy McGriff (1963–65), and Groove Holmes (1965).
From 1967 to 1974 he played with Erroll Garner before moving to California around 1975. He then played with:
He toured Japan with Jimmy Smith and Kenny Burrell in 1993.
One of Smith's most noted collaborations took place at the Montreux International Jazz Festival in 1977, where he played with Benny Carter, Miles Davis, Milt Jackson, Dizzy Gillespie, and Count Basie.
Discography.
With Kenny Burrell
With Jimmy Forrest
With Dizzy Gillespie
With Richard "Groove" Holmes
With Etta Jones
With Gildo Mahones
With Jimmy Witherspoon
With Larry Young

</doc>
<doc id="18449053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449053" title="Lakes Region League">
Lakes Region League

The Lakes Region League is composed of seven New England preparatory schools that compete athletically and academically. Its members are also members of the New England Prep School Athletic Conference (NEPSAC). The league's name comes from the Lakes Region of New Hampshire, where most of the schools are located.

</doc>
<doc id="18449068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449068" title="Richard Arlook">
Richard Arlook

Richard Arlook is a prominent American talent manager, film producer and the President of The Arlook Group, a talent and literary management, production, and consulting company based in Beverly Hills, California. Prior to founding The Arlook Group in 2008, he was a senior partner and the Head of Motion Picture Lit. at The Gersh Agency.
History.
Arlook was born in New York City, but moved to Puerto Rico as a young child because his father was a senior U.S. government official working on the island.
Discovering his passion for show business at an early age, Arlook went to work for a local concert promoter and began booking
local bands while he was still in high school. He was the student body president at Antilles High School and was well regarded for his friendly and gregarious nature. Richard also played a pretty mean guitar.
He attended Emerson College where he produced student films and all throughout college interned at ABC News 20/20, working with Geraldo Rivera.
Graduating after 3 years in 1983, Arlook moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in Hollywood. His first job was a stint as the contestant coordinator for the game show "Tic Tac Dough". Shortly thereafter, he worked at Goldfarb Distributors, a foreign sales and distribution company where he helped to sell U.S. films internationally.
A major opportunity arose and he went to work as an assistant to Scott Rudin, who was then the Head of Production at Twentieth Century Fox (1985).
In 1986, Arlook left Rudin to produce films on his own. He formed a production company called High Bar Pictures, and at the age of 26, he produced the feature film "After Midnight" for MGM.
He then joined The Gersh Agency in 1990 where he represented many of the industry's top writers and directors. He rose through the ranks and eventually became a partner and the Head of Motion Picture Lit. department.

</doc>
<doc id="18449073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449073" title="Lauretta Hannon">
Lauretta Hannon

Lauretta Hannon is a writer, humorist, and commentator on National Public Radio's "All Things Considered".
She got her start in writing as a columnist for the now-defunct Creative Loafing in Savannah, Georgia. She began recording personal essays for Georgia Public Broadcasting's "Georgia Gazette"
Her work typically incorporates her experience growing up in the American South. She is known for combining the poignant with the humorous in her stories. She has acknowledged William Butler Yeats, William Blake, and Leo Tolstoy as influences.
Hannon has two published books: 2004’s "Images of America: Powder Springs" and 2009's "The Cracker Queen: A Memoir of a Jagged, Joyful Life". The latter work has brought her notable literary success. Her third book, a spiritual memoir with the working title "Sermons for Twisted Sisters", is expected to hit bookshelves sometime in 2014.
She is currently the director of communications and marketing at Atlanta Technical College in Atlanta, Georgia. Her work in higher education marketing has garnered more than 200 national and regional awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18449082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449082" title="Benjamín Pertuzzo">
Benjamín Pertuzzo

Benjamín "Benito" Pertuzzo (born March 2, 1905, date of death unknown) was an Argentine boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Salvatore Tripoli.

</doc>
<doc id="18449083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449083" title="Trevor Carolan">
Trevor Carolan

Trevor Carolan (born 1951) is a Canadian writer. He has published 16 books of non-fiction, poetry, fiction, translations and anthologies.
Early life.
Born in Bradford, Yorkshire, Carolan's family emigrated in 1957 and he grew up in New Westminster near Vancouver, British Columbia. His stonemason father also ran a folk music-era coffeehouse and he grew up interested in music and art. He has noted his luck as a high-student student there in having veteran Canadian writer Sam Roddan as a teacher. Roddan inspired him to write and had Carolan’s early poetry featured on CBC Radio. At age 17 he also began writing for The Columbian newspaper and contributed articles on San Francisco’s Haight-Ashbury music scene where his first introductions were to Bill Graham of the Fillmore West and singer Janis Joplin. He subsequently traveled extensively in Europe and Asia. During the winter of 1970, Carolan spent time living at the studio home of visual artist Marcos Irrizarry and Abel Bello in Pozuelo d’Alarcon near Madrid, and he credits the experience for showing him the possibilities of a life in the arts.
Education.
Returned to B.C., Carolan played harmonica in folk-blues units while studying at Douglas College and Simon Fraser University, where he studied Theatre with Richard Ouzounian. His interest in writing grew and led him to Eureka, California where he studied Creative Writing with Jim Dodge while completing his B.A. and M.A.in English at Humboldt State University in Arcata. In 1978, he met poet Allen Ginsberg who encouraged him to continue writing poetry. Back in Vancouver, he began writing for the Georgia Straight, joined P.W.A.C., and as a freelance journalist wrote for publications throughout Canada and the U.S. Following a lengthy journey through Asia in 1985 he increasingly specialized in East-West arts and letters and his three anthologies of East, Southeast and South Asian short stories have been influential in bringing attention in English to contemporary literature from these regions (see "The Colors of Heaven: Short Stories From the Pacific Rim" (Vintage-Random House, 1992; "Another Kind of Paradise: Short Stories from the New Asia-Pacific" & Tsui, 2010; and "The Lotus Singers: Stories from Contemporary South Asia" & Tsui, 2011).
Career.
Carolan has interwoven writing, teaching and arts administrative appointments throughout his career. He served as first Executive Director of the Federation of B.C. Writers in the early Eighties, was Literary Coordinator for the XVth Olympic Winter Games Festival of the Arts in Calgary (1986–88), and Coordinator of Literary Arts at the Banff Centre in 2006. His publications include co-translations of the modern Taoist classics "The Book of the Heart" and "The Supreme Way"; "Giving Up Poetry", a memoir of his studies with Allen Ginsberg; and the critically acclaimed "Return To Stillness: Twenty Years With A Tai Chi Master".
He has also worked as media advocate on behalf of international human rights, Canadian Aboriginal land claims, famine relief, and Pacific Coast logging and watershed issues. He holds an interdisciplinary Ph.D. from Bond University in Australia, and since 2001 has taught English and Creative Writing at University of the Fraser Valley in Abbotsford, B.C. The International Editor for "The Pacific Rim Review of Books", he is a regular contributor for Choice, The Bloomsbury Review, Manoa, "Kyoto Journal" and Shambhala Sun. Carolan’s novel The Pillow Book of Dr. Jazz is published internationally by Ekstasis Editions. He lives in North Vancouver, Canada where he served for three years as an elected municipal councillor.

</doc>
<doc id="18449085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449085" title="Thomas Clark (cricketer)">
Thomas Clark (cricketer)

Thomas Clark (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 9 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1787 to 1791.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="18449098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449098" title="Robert Denn">
Robert Denn

Robert Denn (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 11 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1787 to 1793.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="18449099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449099" title="Investigations into Germanic Mythology">
Investigations into Germanic Mythology

Undersökningar i germanisk mythologi (Investigations into Germanic Mythology) is a two-volume work by Viktor Rydberg, published in 1886 and 1889.
Henrik Schück wrote at the turn of the 20th century that he considered Rydberg the "last —and poetically most gifted —of the mythological school founded by Jacob Grimm and represented by such men as Adalbert Kuhn" which is "strongly synthetic" in its understanding of myth. Of this work, Jan de Vries said:
At a time, when one was firmly convinced that the Old Norse myths were a late product, Rydberg’s voice resounds. At that time, he swam against the stream, but he clearly expressed that which has become an ever stronger certainty today: a large part of the myths of the Germanic tradition —and that is to say basically the Old Norse tradition—must be set back in a time when the undivided Proto-Indo-European people themselves created the vessel of their worldview in myths.
Reception.
There is no shortage of scholarly opinion and no consensus on Viktor Rydberg's works on Indo-European and Germanic mythology. Some scholars feel that his work is ingenious, while others feel the work is too speculative. One scholar expressed the opinion that "Rydberg's views" concerning resemblances of Thor and Indra were carried to extremes, therefore receiving "less recognition than they deserved." Others refute individual points of the work. Still others have commented on what they see as fundamental flaws in Rydberg's methodology. While many modern scholars object to any systematization of the mythology including the one imposed by Snorri Sturlusson, believing it artificial, John Lindow and Margaret Clunies Ross have recently supported a chronological systemization of the most important mythic episodes as inherent in the oral tradition underlying Eddic poetry. Rydberg, however, believed that most of the Germanic myths could be fit into such a chronology. H. R. Ellis Davidson has characterized this approach as "fundamentalist".
While Rydberg's ingenuity has been recognized by some, his work has most often been criticized for being too subjective. Yet, within his work, many find points on which they can agree. In the first comprehensive review of the work in English, in 1894, Rydberg's "brilliancy" and "great success" were recognized, alongside an acknowledgement that he sometimes "stumbles badly" in his effort to "reduce chaos to order." In 1976, German-language scholar Peter-Hans Naumann published the first evaluation of the full range of Viktor Rydberg's mythological writings. 
One of Rydberg's mythological theories is that of a vast World Mill which rotates the heavens, which he believed was an integral part of Old Norse mythic cosmology. The controversial 1969 work "Hamlet's Mill" by George de Santilliana and Hertha von Dechend utilizes this theory.
In 1997, William H. Swatos, Jr. and Loftur Reimar Gissurarson reference Rydberg's explanation of "draugur" ('mound-dwellers') in their work, "Icelandic Spiritualism", while Marvin Taylor cites Rydberg’s definition of the phrase, “dómr um dauðan hvern,” as predating that of a more contemporary writer cited by the author. Both the comprehensive multi-volume "Kommentar zu den Liedern der Edda," and Carol Clover's article "Hárbardsljóð as Generic Farce", name Rydberg as one of the early writers who believed the ferryman Harbard of the Eddic poem "Hárbardsljóð" to be Loki, rather than Odin, although both sources note that this theory has not been accepted by scholars since the late 19th century. The Kommentar states: "Because there is no explicit revelation in the poem Hárbardsljóð concerning the identity of the title figure, Harbard, who is concealed under this name remained disputed until the end of the 19th century. In the third volume of the same work, Rydberg's theory regarding the World Mill is discussed in relationship to the eddic poem Grottosöngr. He has also been mentioned as one of several writers who proposed analogs for Askr and Embla from comparative mythology, and who sought Indo-Iranian analogs for the Eddic Poem, Völuspá.
In 2004, Swedish Doktorand (PhD student) Anna Lindén reviewed the full two-volume work on mythology, concluding in part that it was not more widely received because it was not fully available in one of the three international languages of scholarship: English, German or French. A German translation was being prepared in 1889 by literary historian, Phillip B. Schweitzer, who died in a skiing accident shortly thereafter. A French translation planned by a group of scholars in Lund in 1891 was never completely realized. Rydberg himself knew that his mythology would be regarded as "folly" to the German philologists, who, as adherents to the school of nature-mythology, regarded him as a heretic, in regard to his methods and results.
As Fredrik Gadde explained,
“the book was reviewed by several German scholars, who all took up a more or less disparaging attitude towards Rydberg’s methods of investigation and his results.”
Those contemporary scholars "although they speak with high praise of the author's learning, his thorough insight, his ability occasionally to throw light upon intricate problems by means of ingenious suggestions" were especially critical of what they see as Rydberg’s “hazardous etymologies, his identification of different mythical figures without sufficient grounds, his mixing up of heroic saga and myth, and, above all, his bent for remodelling myths in order to make them fit into a system which (they say) never existed.”

</doc>
<doc id="18449110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449110" title="Richard Lawrence (cricketer)">
Richard Lawrence (cricketer)

Richard Lawrence (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 12 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1787 to 1795.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Berkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18449111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449111" title="Vectors Journal of Culture and Technology in a Dynamic Vernacular">
Vectors Journal of Culture and Technology in a Dynamic Vernacular

Vectors is an international online journal produced by the USC School of Cinematic Arts. Launched in March 2005, "Vectors" has produced and published over thirty scholarly new media projects. It is co-edited by Tara McPherson and Steve F. Anderson. 
About the journal.
The journal publishes two new issues per year. Each issue features projects created by teams of fellows from a range of disciplines working together with technologists, creative directors and other scholars.
"Vectors"' mission is to publish material that can't be published in print utilizing cutting-edge tools and work processes. As the journal's about page describes, 
This investigation at the intersection of technology and culture is not simply thematic. Rather, Vectors is realized in multimedia, melding form and content to enact a second-order examination of the mediation of everyday life. Using a peer-reviewed format and under the guidance of an international board, Vectors features submissions and specially-commissioned works composed of moving- and still-images; voice, music, and sound; computational and interactive structures; social software; and much more. 
Projects included in "Vectors" investigate diverse topics including evidence, indigenous communities, women's prisons, land use, war, and worker's rights. Many projects are produced by a team that includes a "Vectors" staff member. Others are created externally and chosen for inclusion.
Editorial staff.
The journal has a dedicated editorial staff to provide editorial oversight and vision, collaborate with fellows, and create discourse and tools based on research during the project creation process. The present staff is: Tara McPherson (Founding Editor), Steve F. Anderson (Editor), Erik Loyer (Creative Director) and Craig Dietrich (Info Design Director).
List of issues and projects.
The "Vectors Journal" has published over thirty projects since March, 2005. Below is a list of the projects and the members of the collaboration team.

</doc>
<doc id="18449115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449115" title="Stanhope (Middlesex cricketer)">
Stanhope (Middlesex cricketer)

Stanhope (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 9 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1787 to 1798.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="18449120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449120" title="Hunt (Hampshire cricketer)">
Hunt (Hampshire cricketer)

Hunt (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 6 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1788 to 1796.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18449126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449126" title="Grange (Middlesex cricketer)">
Grange (Middlesex cricketer)

Grange (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 9 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1792.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="18449129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449129" title="W. Palmer (Kent cricketer)">
W. Palmer (Kent cricketer)

W Palmer (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 9 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1795.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="18449133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449133" title="Armando Ricciardi">
Armando Ricciardi

Armando Ricciardi (April 1, 1905 – unknown) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 at the age of 19, he was eliminated in the first round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to Salvatore Tripoli on a decision.

</doc>
<doc id="18449134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449134" title="Thomas Twistleton">
Thomas Twistleton

The Hon. Thomas James Twistleton (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 7 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1796.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC).

</doc>
<doc id="18449140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449140" title="John Stevens (cricketer)">
John Stevens (cricketer)

John Stevens (born 1769 at South Ockendon, Essex; died 13 January 1863 at Hornchurch, Essex) was an English amateur cricketer who made 17 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1799.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="18449148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449148" title="Mark Graham (cricketer)">
Mark Graham (cricketer)

Mark Graham (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 5 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1800.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Leicestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="18449152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449152" title="T. Watts (Leicestershire cricketer)">
T. Watts (Leicestershire cricketer)

T Watts (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 5 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1800.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Leicestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="18449157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449157" title="Richard Stringer">
Richard Stringer

Richard Stringer (born 15 March 1772 at Leicester; date of death unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 6 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1803.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Leicestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="18449165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449165" title="Robert Warsop">
Robert Warsop

Robert Warsop (baptised 21 March 1781 at Nottingham; date of death unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 7 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1826.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Nottingham Cricket Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18449174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449174" title="The Weekend Beatnik">
The Weekend Beatnik

The Weekend Beatnik is an independent record label in the United Kingdom, which specialises in the reissue of albums within the world, folk, blues and acoustic music genres, often issuing albums in CD format for the first time. The company policy is to provide "maxi-length, mid-price CDs with in-depth notes and archive photos". The firm was founded by Ian A. Anderson, editor of fRoots magazine, as a subsidiary of his company, Southern Rag Ltd, originally formed to publish fRoots magazine under its earlier incarnation as "Southern Rag". The label's tagline is "Ahead Of Their Time". Most albums were originally issued on the sister Rogue Records label, also created by Anderson.
Artists whose albums have been reissued on the Weekend Beatnik label (as at July 2008) include Maggie Holland, Tiger Moth, The English Country Blues Band, Hot Vultures, Dembo Konte, Kausu Kuyateh & The Jali Roll Orchestra, Dave Evans, Abdul Tee-Jay.

</doc>
<doc id="18449175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449175" title="Last of the Summer Wine (series 22)">
Last of the Summer Wine (series 22)

Outline.
The trio in this series consisted of: 
First appearances.
Herman Teesdale (2001–2010)<br>Toby Mulberry Smith (aka the Captain) (2001–2010)
Last appearances.
Mrs Avery (2000–2001)<br>
Nora Batty (1973–2001, 2002–2008)

</doc>
<doc id="18449176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449176" title="T. Webb (Middlesex cricketer)">
T. Webb (Middlesex cricketer)

T Webb (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 8 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1808.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="18449181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449181" title="Önsbach">
Önsbach

Önsbach is the second-largest district ("Stadtteil") of the major district town ("Kreisstadt") of Achern in the north of Ortenaukreis, located in the Black Forest.
Önsbach is located in northern Ortenau, south of the town of Achern. A third of the village lies in the Rhine valley and two thirds, in the western foothills of the Black Forest. Önsbach is located along Bundesstraße 3 (B 3).
History.
The earliest documentary evidence of Önsbach appears in a 1225 Papal bull of Honorius III in which the town is called "Ongersbac" where the cloister of Ettenheim held property.
In 1230 there was mention of a "Hof" (courtyard or farmyard) in "Ongisbach". Ortenau, in which Önsbach is located, became part of the Grand Duchy of Baden after the Fourth Peace of Pressburg (1805).
In 1844 a train station was built.
The modern spelling of the name was only decided upon in 1938.
Coat of arms.
The oldest known seal dates back to the 1830s. It consists of a birds foot with three fore-talons and one hind talon on a red background.

</doc>
<doc id="18449183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449183" title="Thomas Shackle">
Thomas Shackle

Thomas Shackle (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 30 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1809. He was mainly associated with Middlesex but he also played for Berkshire and was employed as a ground staff bowler by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC).

</doc>
<doc id="18449186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449186" title="Baden-Baden 1870 chess tournament">
Baden-Baden 1870 chess tournament

The 1870 chess tournament in Baden-Baden can be regarded as the first strong tournament. In comparison with London 1851 chess tournament, London 1862 and Paris 1867, three main changes were made: a) first chess clocks used (20 moves had to be made per hour), b) draws counted as half points, c) only top international players were invited. Ten chess masters participated in the double round-robin tournament: Adolf Anderssen, Wilhelm Steinitz, Gustav Neumann, Joseph Henry Blackburne, Louis Paulsen, Cecil De Vere, Samuel Rosenthal, Szymon Winawer, Johannes von Minckwitz and Adolf Stern. The tournament lasted from 18 July until 4 August 1870. 
Ignatz von Kolisch held the function of secretary in the organising committee. Prince Mihail Sturdza of Moldavia was president, and Russian writer Ivan Turgenev was vice-president. The committee of appeal consisted of Hungarian Baron Maythény and Baron von Kolisch.
In that time, France declared war on Prussia on 19 July 1870. The southern German states, including the Grand Duchy of Baden, took the side of Prussia and its North German allies. The Franco-Prussian War came close to Baden-Baden. An international incident nearly occurred. More serious was Stern’s mobilisation, as a Bavarian reservist, after four rounds. Like Johannes Zukertort, he fought in the war. The finish of Baden-Baden 1870 marked the end of the beginning of hostilities. The thunder of the artillery could be heard at a distance of 30 km in Baden-Baden. Adolf Stern sent a card from the fields near Sedan on 4 September: "Emperor Napoleon has been mated".
The results at Baden-Baden 1870 were as follows:
Anderssen won 3000 francs, Steinitz - 600 francs, Neumann and Blackburne - 200 francs (each).

</doc>
<doc id="18449191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449191" title="W. Turner (MCC cricketer)">
W. Turner (MCC cricketer)

W Turner (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 10 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1809.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), of which he was an early member.

</doc>
<doc id="18449196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449196" title="Edward Capel">
Edward Capel

General Thomas Edward Capel (24 March 1770 – 3 February 1855) was an English soldier and sportsman.
He was the son of William Capel, 4th Earl of Essex, by his second wife, Harriet Bladen, and the elder brother of Rev. William Robert Capel (1775–1854). He was educated at Exeter College, Oxford, where he graduated with a BA in 1790, and was subsequently a Fellow of Merton College, Oxford.
As a cricketer, Capel was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). He made 3 known appearances in first-class matches in the 1790 season.
Capel served in the Flanders Campaign of the late 1790s. On 2 March 1795, Capel was appointed a Gentleman Usher of the Privy Chamber. In the same year, he was commissioned lieutenant and captain in the 1st Foot Guards, and became captain and lieutenant-colonel in 1803. Capel was promoted from a Gentleman Usher to a Groom of the Bedchamber on 31 October 1808, but was not immediately present at court, as he served with the 3rd Btn. of the Guards during Sir John Moore's campaign of 1808–1809 in the Peninsular War, including the Battle of Corunna. He was presented at the royal levee on 6 March 1809, after returning from Corunna.
He was again with the Guards in the Peninsula during the siege of Cadiz, from July to September 1811; in the latter month, he was appointed assistant adjutant general, filling the post until June 1813. He was breveted colonel on 1 January 1812, resigned his Court office on 18 February 1812, and subsequently commanded the Cadiz garrison from July 1813 to April 1814. Capel was promoted major-general on 4 June 1814, lieutenant-general on 22 July 1830, and general in 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="18449199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449199" title="Zarzma monastery">
Zarzma monastery

The Zarzma Monastery of Transfiguration (, "zarzmis p'erists'valebis monasteri") is a medieval Orthodox Christian monastery located at the village of Zarzma in Samtskhe-Javakheti region, southwest Georgia. 
The Zarzma monastery is nested in the forested river valley of Kvabliani in the Adigeni municipality, 30 km west of the city of Akhaltsikhe. It is the complex of a series of buildings dominated by a domed church and a belfry, one of the largest in Georgia. 
The earliest church on the site was probably built in the 8th century, by the monk Serapion whose life is related in the hagiographic novel by Basil of Zarzma. According to his source, the great nobleman Giorgi Chorchaneli made significant donation – including villages and estates – to the monastery. The extant edifice dates from the early years of the 14th century, however. Its construction was sponsored by Beka I, Prince of Samtskhe and Lord High Mandator of Georgia of the Jaqeli family. What has survived from the earlier monastery is the late 10th-century Georgian inscription inserted in the chapel's entrance arch. The inscription reports the military aid rendered by Georgian nobles to the Byzantine emperor Basil II against the rebellious general Bardas Sclerus in 979. In 1544, the new patrons of the monastery – the Khursidze family – refurnished the monastery. 
The façades of the church are richly decorated and the interior is frescoed. Apart from the religious cycles of the murals there are a series of portraits of the 14th-century Jaqeli family as well as of the historical figures of the 16th century. After the Ottoman conquest of the area later in the 16th century, the monastery was abandoned and lay in disrepair until the early 20th century, when it was reconstructed, but some of the unique characteristics of the design were lost in the process. 
Currently, the monastery is functional and houses a community of Georgian monks. It is also the site of pilgrimage and tourism. 
A smaller replica of the Zarzma church, known as Akhali Zarzma ("New Zarzma") is located in the same municipality, near Abastumani. It was commissioned by Grand Duke George Alexandrovich, a member of the Russian imperial family, from the Tbilisi-based architect Otto Jacob Simons who built it between 1899 and 1902, marrying a medieval Georgian design with the contemporaneous architectural forms. Its interior was frescoed by the Russian painter Mikhail Nesterov. 

</doc>
<doc id="18449201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449201" title="W. Oxley (Essex cricketer)">
W. Oxley (Essex cricketer)

W Oxley (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 10 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1790 to 1793.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="18449210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449210" title="Thomas Nicoll (cricketer born 1770)">
Thomas Nicoll (cricketer born 1770)

Thomas Vere Richard Nicoll (born 1770 in England; died 22 October 1841 at Cherrington, Warwickshire) was an English amateur cricketer who made 14 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1790 to 1794.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) of which he was an early member.

</doc>
<doc id="18449214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449214" title="W. Beeston (Middlesex cricketer)">
W. Beeston (Middlesex cricketer)

W. Beeston (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 11 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1799. He was the brother of John Beeston.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="18449232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449232" title="Callanish X">
Callanish X

The Callanish X stone circle (or "Na Dromannan" ("Druim Nan Eun")) is one of many megalithic structures around the more well-known (and larger) Calanais I on the west coast of the isle of Lewis, in the Outer Hebrides (Western Isles), Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="18449241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449241" title="Judaea Capta coinage">
Judaea Capta coinage

Judaea Capta coins (also spelled Judea Capta) were a series of commemorative coins originally issued by the Roman Emperor Vespasian to celebrate the capture of Judaea and the destruction of the Jewish Second Temple by his son Titus in 70 AD during the First Jewish Revolt. There are several variants of the coinage. The reverse of the coins shows a female (representing Jerusalem?) seated right in an attitude of mourning at the base of a palm tree, with either a captive bearded male (representing Judah?) standing left, with his hands bound behind his back, or the standing figure of the victorious emperor, or the goddess Victory, with a trophy of weapons, shields, and helmets to the left.
The female figure may reflect the prophecy of Isaiah 3:8, 25-26: "For Jerusalem is ruined, and Judah is fallen ... Thy men shall fall by the sword and thy mighty in the war. And her gates shall lament and mourn, and she being desolate shall sit upon the ground". 
The Judaea Capta coins were struck for 25 years under Vespasian and his two sons who succeeded him as Emperor - Titus and Domitian. These commemorative coins were issued in bronze, silver and gold by mints in Rome, throughout the Roman Empire, and in Judaea itself. They were issued in every denomination, and at least 48 different types are known. 
Only bronze 'Judaea Capta' coins were struck in Caesarea, in the defeated Roman province of Judea. These coins are much cruder than the Roman issues, and the inscriptions are in Greek rather than Latin. The designs feature the Goddess Nike writing on a shield, Minerva with a spear, shield, trophy and palm tree, etc. Most such coins were issued during the reign of the Emperor Domitian (81-96 AD).
Unusually, a 'Judaea Capta' coin was also minted by the Jewish ruler Agrippa II, the great-grandson of Herod the Great. Brought up in Rome at the court of Claudius, Agrippa was thoroughly Romanised and was a close friend of Titus, whom he supported throughout the First Jewish Revolt. His bronze coin was minted at Tiberias and shows a portrait of Titus on the obverse with the Greek inscription 'ΚΑΙΣΑΡ ΣΕΒΑΣ ΑΥΤΟΚΡ ΤΙΤΟΣ', while the reverse depicted the goddess Nike advancing right holding a wreath and palm branch over her shoulder, with a star in upper right field and the inscription 'ETO - KS BA AGRI-PPA'.

</doc>
<doc id="18449260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449260" title="Helena Curtens">
Helena Curtens

Helena (Hellene Mechthildis) Curtens (1722 in Gerresheim – 19 August 1738 in Gerresheim) was an alleged German witch. She was one of the last people executed for sorcery in Germany and the last person executed for this crime in the Rhine area. Her case is one of the most known cases in Europe, as she was long thought to be the last person executed for this crime in Germany.
Curtens was arrested after reports about observations of the ghost of a 14-year old girl. She was exposed to torture, during which she pointed out her neighbour Agnes Olmans. Olmans was the daughter of a woman called Zaubergreth, who was rumoured to have been a witch. They were accused of having intercourse with demons. Olmans denied the charges and demanded to be exposed to the ordeal of water. This was denied to her, as this method was no longer used in the area. Both Curtens and Olmans were judged guilty of sorcery and sentenced to be executed. They were executed by burning 19 August 1738.
Curtens and Olmans are often claimed to be the last people executed for sorcery in Germany. In reality, Maria Renata Saenger von Mossau was executed in 1749 and the farmer Anna Schnidenwind, "née" Trutt 1688, was executed in Endingen am Kaiserstuhl 24 April 1751 convicted of having caused the great fire of Wyhls by a pact with Satan. The very last execution for sorcery in Germany likely occurred in Landshut in 1756. Anna Maria Schwegelin was sentenced to death for sorcery in 1775, but she died in prison and was never executed.

</doc>
<doc id="18449265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449265" title="Neapolitan campaigns of Louis the Great">
Neapolitan campaigns of Louis the Great

The Neapolitan campaigns of Louis the Great, also called the Neapolitan Adventure ("Nápolyi kaland" in Hungarian), was a war between the Kingdom of Hungary, led by Louis the Great, and the Kingdom of Naples. It was fought from 1347 until 1352.
Preliminaries.
In 1343 Robert I, the Sage, King of Naples, died. His only son, Charles of Calabria, had died in 1328, leaving two daughters, one of which, Joan, had been married to Andrew, son of king Charles I of Hungary. During his time in Naples, Andrew gained the fierce hostility of his more refined wife. After her father's death, she received by the Avignonese Pope Clement VI the official investment of the Kingdom, which was then nominally a vassal of the Papal States. Andrew, who aimed also to the crown, received only the title of Duke of Calabria.
On June 14, 1345 Clement, after a payment of 44,000 marks, accepted to yield Andrew the title of king, but only as heir in case of Joan's death. Joan, who had an affair with Louis of Taranto, was at the time under the strong influence of the latter's mother, Catherine of Valois. On September 19, before the Papal bull could reach the Kingdom, a conjure led by Catherine's relatives and courtesans had Andrew assassinated during a hunt at Aversa. Bertramo del Balzo, great justicier of the realm, discovered and punished the assassins, but voices of a queen's involvement in the assassination had already become widespread.
In May 1346 Andrew's brother, King Louis of Hungary, sent envoys to Clement to ask her deposition. Unsatisfied by the Pope's reply, he mustered an army, planning to embark his troops in Zara. However, at the time the maritime city had rebelled against the Venetians, whose ships were blockading its port. After a failed attempt to free it, the King had to postpone his expedition, while Zara returned under Venice's aegis.
The war.
In November 1347 Louis set out for Naples with some 1,000 soldiers (Hungarians and Germans), mostly mercenaries. When he reached the border of Joanna’s kingdom, he had 2000 Hungarian knights, 2000 mercenary heavy cavalry, 2000 Cuman horse archers and 6000 mercenary heavy infantry. He successfully avoided conflict in Northern Italy, and his army was well-paid and disciplined. King Louis forbade plundering, and all supplies were bought from locals and paid for with gold. The Hungarian king marched on the land, announcing he was not going to fight any Italian city and states, and thus was welcomed by most of them. Joanna in the meantime had married her cousin Louis of Taranto and had signed a peace with Naples' traditional enemy, the Kingdom of Sicily. The army of Naples, 2700 knights and 5000 infantrymen, was led by Louis of Taranto. At Foligno a papal legate asked Louis to renounce his enterprise, as the assassins had been already punished and also considering Naples's status of Papal fief. He did not relent however, and, before the end of the year, he crossed the Neapolitan border without meeting any resistance.
On January 11, 1348 in the Battle of Capua he defeated the army of Louis of Taranto. Four days later the queen repaired to Provence, while her husband followed soon afterwards. All the kingdom's barons swore loyalty to the new ruler as he marched to Naples from Benevento. While visiting Aversa, where his brother had been murdered, Louis had Charles of Durazzo assassinated in revenge by his condottiero Malatesta Ungaro and others. Once in Naples, Louis released most of his mercenaries and their commander, Werner von Urslingen.
Here, Louis and his men were struck by the arrival of the Black Death. He therefore decided to leave the Kingdom of Naples. The Neapolitans, who had quickly grown unsatisfied of the severe Hungarian rule, called back Joan, who paid for her return expedition (including the services of Urslingen's mercenaries) by selling her rights on Avignon to the Popes. She landed near Naples and easily captured it, but the Hungarian commander Ulrich von Wolfart command a strong resistance in Apulia.
When Urslingen deserted back to the Hungarians, she asked the Pope for help. The latter sent a legate who, after offering a great sum to Urslingen and the Wolfart brothers, brokered a truce. Joanna and Louis would leave the Kingdom to await a new trial on Andrew's assassination, to be held in Avignon. The verdict was Joanna's acquittal from any charge in January 1352, and a peace was signed with Hungary on March 23, 1352.
Aftermath.
In 1380 a civil war broke out in the Kingdom, with Joan siding with the Avignonese Pope Clement VII, after which Pope Urban VI offered the throne to Charles III. Louis of Hungary sent money and Hungarian armies in aid of Charles, who was able to enter Naples in 1381. On May 22, 1382, at San Fele, four Hungarian mercenaries strangled the queen.

</doc>
<doc id="18449269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449269" title="Beata Kozidrak">
Beata Kozidrak

Beata Kozidrak (born 4 May 1960 in Lublin, Poland) is a Polish singer and vocalist of the pop-rock band Bajm.
Her career began in 1978 when she placed second at the National Festival of Polish Song in Opole performing the song "Piechotą do lata". Since the 1980s, she has been a member of the group Bajm with whom she has recorded ten albums.

</doc>
<doc id="18449273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449273" title="Maya civilization">
Maya civilization

The Maya is a Mesoamerican civilization, noted for the only known fully developed written language of the pre-Columbian Americas, as well as for its art, architecture, and mathematical and astronomical systems. Initially established during the Pre-Classic period (c. 2000 BC to AD 250), according to the Mesoamerican chronology, many Maya cities reached their highest state of development during the Classic period (c. AD 250 to 900), and continued throughout the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spanish.
The Maya civilization shares many features with other Mesoamerican civilizations due to the high degree of interaction and cultural diffusion that characterized the region. Advances such as writing, epigraphy, and the calendar did not originate with the Maya; however, their civilization fully developed them. Maya influence can be detected in Honduras, Belize, Guatemala, and western El Salvador to as far away as central Mexico, more than from the central Maya area. The many outside influences found in Maya art and architecture are thought to have resulted from trade and cultural exchange rather than direct external conquest.
The Maya peoples survived the Classic period collapse and the arrival of the Spanish "conquistadores" and sixteenth-century Spanish colonization of the Americas. Today, the Maya and their descendants form sizable populations throughout the Maya area; they maintain a distinctive set of traditions and beliefs resulting from the merger of pre-Columbian and post-Conquest ideas and cultures. Millions of people speak Mayan languages today. In 2005 the "Rabinal Achí," a play written in the Achi language, was declared a Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO.
Geographical extent.
The Maya civilization extended throughout the present-day southern Mexican states of Chiapas, Tabasco, and the Yucatán Peninsula states of Quintana Roo, Campeche and Yucatán. The Maya area also extended throughout the northern Central American region, including the present-day nations of Guatemala, Belize, western Honduras and extreme northern El Salvador. 
The Maya area is generally divided into three loosely defined zones: the southern Pacific lowlands, the highlands, and the northern lowlands. The Maya highlands include all of elevated terrain in Guatemala and the Chiapas highlands of Mexico. The southern lowlands lie just south of the highlands, and incorporate a part of the Mexican state of Chiapas, the south coast of Guatemala, Belize and northern El Salvador. The northern lowlands cover all of the Yucatán Peninsula, including the Mexican states of Yucatán, Campeche and Quintana Roo, the Petén Department of Guatemala, and all of Belize. Parts of the Mexican states of Tabasco and Chiapas are also included in the northern lowlands.
History.
Preclassic period.
Scholars continue to discuss when this era of Maya civilization began. Discoveries of Maya occupation at Cuello, Belize have been carbon dated to around 2600 BCE. The people built monumental structures. The Maya calendar, which is based on the so-called Mesoamerican Long Count calendar, begins on a date equivalent to 11 August 3114 BC.
The most widely accepted view, , is that the first clearly Maya settlements were established around 1800 BCE in the Soconusco region of the Pacific Coast. This period, known as the Early Preclassic, was characterized by sedentary communities and the introduction of pottery and fired clay figurines.
Important sites in the southern Maya lowlands include Nakbe, El Mirador, Cival, and San Bartolo. In the Guatemalan Highlands, Kaminaljuyu emerged around 800 BC. For many centuries it controlled the jade and obsidian sources for the Petén and Pacific Lowlands. The important early sites of Izapa, Takalik Abaj, and Chocolá at around 600 BCE were the main producers of Cacao. Mid-sized Maya communities also began to develop in the northern Maya lowlands during the Middle and Late Preclassic, though these lacked the size, scale, and influence of the large centers of the southern lowlands. Two important Preclassic northern sites include Komchen and Dzibilchaltun. The first written inscription in Maya hieroglyphics also dates to this period (c. 250 BCE).
Scholars disagree about the boundaries that define the physical and cultural extent of the early Maya and neighboring Preclassic Mesoamerican civilizations, such as the Olmec culture of the Tabasco lowlands and the Mixe–Zoque- and Zapotec-speaking peoples of Chiapas and southern Oaxaca, respectively. Many of the earliest significant inscriptions and buildings appeared in this overlapping zone, and evidence suggests that these cultures and the formative Maya influenced one another. Takalik Abaj, in the Pacific slopes of Guatemala, is the only site where Olmec features have been clearly succeeded by Mayan ones.
Around 100 AD, a widespread decline and abandonment of Maya cities occurred – called the Preclassic Collapse. This marked the end of the Preclassic era.
Classic period.
The Classic period (c. AD 250–900) was one of the peak of large-scale construction and urbanism, the recording of monumental inscriptions, and significant intellectual and artistic development, particularly in the southern lowland regions.
The people developed an agriculturally intensive, city-centered civilization consisting of numerous independent city-states – some subservient to others. This includes the well-known cities of Caracol, Tikal, Palenque, Copán, Xunantunich and Calakmul, but also the lesser known Lamanai, Dos Pilas, Cahal Pech, Uaxactun, Altun Ha, and Bonampak, among others. The Early Classic settlement distribution in the northern Maya lowlands is not as clearly known as the southern zone, but does include a number of population centers, such as Oxkintok, Chunchucmil, and the early occupation of Uxmal.
During this period the Maya population numbered in the millions. They created a multitude of kingdoms and small empires, built monumental palaces and temples, engaged in highly developed ceremonies, and developed an elaborate hieroglyphic writing system.
The social basis of this exuberant civilization was a large political and economic intersocietal network (world system) extending throughout the Maya region and beyond to the wider Mesoamerican world. The political, economic, and culturally dominant ‘core’ Maya units of the Classic Maya world system were located in the central lowlands, while its corresponding dependent or ‘peripheral’ Maya units were found along the margins of the southern highland and northern lowland areas. But as in all world systems, the Maya core centers shifted through time, starting out during Preclassic times in the southern highlands, moving to the central lowlands during the Classic period, and finally shifting to the northern peninsula during the Postclassic period. In this Maya world system, the semi-peripheral (mediational) units generally took the form of trade and commercial centers.
The most notable monuments are the stepped pyramids they built in their religious centers and the accompanying palaces of their rulers. The palace at Cancuén is the largest in the Maya area, but the site has no pyramids. Other important archaeological remains include the carved stone slabs usually called "stelae" (the Maya called them "tetun", or "tree-stones"), which depict rulers along with hieroglyphic texts describing their genealogy, military victories, and other accomplishments.
The Maya civilization participated in long distance trade with many of the other Mesoamerican cultures, including Teotihuacan, the Zapotec, and other groups in central and gulf-coast Mexico. In addition, they had trade and exchanges with more distant, non-Mesoamerican groups, for example the Taínos of the Caribbean islands. Archeologists have found gold from Panama in the Sacred Cenote of Chichen Itza. Important trade goods included cacao, salt, seashells, jade, and obsidian.
The Maya collapse.
The Maya centers of the southern lowlands went into decline during the 8th and 9th centuries and were abandoned shortly thereafter. This decline was coupled with a cessation of monumental inscriptions and large-scale architectural construction. No universally accepted theory explains this collapse.
Non-ecological theories of Maya decline are divided into several subcategories, such as overpopulation, foreign invasion, peasant revolt, and the collapse of key trade routes. Ecological hypotheses include environmental disaster, epidemic disease, and climate change. There is evidence that the Maya population exceeded the carrying capacity of the environment including exhaustion of agricultural potential and overhunting of megafauna. Some scholars have recently theorized that an intense 200-year drought led to the collapse of Maya civilization. The drought theory originated from research performed by physical scientists studying lake beds, ancient pollen, and other data, not from the archaeological community. Newer research from 2011, with use of high-resolution climate models and new reconstructions of past landscapes, suggests that converting much of their forest land into cropland may have led to reduced evapotranspiration and thus rainfall, magnifying natural drought. A study published in "Science" in 2012 found that modest rainfall reductions, amounting to only 25 to 40% in annual rainfall, may have been the tipping point to the Maya collapse. Based on samples of lake and cave sediments in the areas surrounding major Maya cities, the researchers were able to determine the amount of annual rainfall in the region. The mild droughts that took place between AD 800 and 950 were enough to rapidly reduce open water availability. A further paper in the same journal supports and extends this conclusion based on isotope analysis of minerals in a stalagmite. It argues that high rainfall between 440 and 660 CE allowed the Maya to flourish in the first instance, and that while mild droughts in the following years led to extensive warfare and the decline of Mayan civilization, it was a prolonged period of drought between 1020 and 1100 CE that was ultimately fatal.
Postclassic period.
During the succeeding Postclassic period (from the 10th to the early 16th century), development in the northern centers persisted, characterized by an increasing diversity of external influences. The Maya cities of the northern lowlands in Yucatán continued to flourish for centuries more; some of the important sites in this era were Chichen Itza, Uxmal, Edzná, and Coba. After the decline of the ruling dynasties of Chichen and Uxmal, Mayapan ruled all of Yucatán until a revolt in 1450. (This city's name may be the source of the word "Maya", which had a more geographically restricted meaning in Yucatec and colonial Spanish and only grew to its current meaning in the 19th and 20th centuries). The area then degenerated into competing city-states until Yucatán was conquered by the Spanish.
The Itza Maya, Ko'woj, and Yalain groups of Central Peten survived the "Classic Period Collapse" in small numbers and by 1250 reconstituted themselves to form competing city-states. The Itza maintained their capital at Tayasal (also known as Noh Petén), an archaeological site thought to underlay the modern city of Flores, Guatemala on Lake Petén Itzá. It ruled over an area extending across the Peten Lakes region, encompassing the community of Eckixil on Lake Quexil. The Ko'woj had their capital at Zacpeten. Postclassic Maya states also continued to survive in the southern highlands. One of the Maya nations in this area, the K'iche' Kingdom of Q'umarkaj, is responsible for the best-known Maya work of historiography and mythology, the Popol Vuh. Other highland kingdoms included the Mam based at Huehuetenango, the Kaqchikels based at Iximche, the Chajoma based at Mixco Viejo and the Chuj, based at San Mateo Ixtatán.
Colonial period.
Shortly after their first expeditions to the region, the Spanish initiated a number of attempts to subjugate the Maya who were hostile towards the Spanish crown and establish a colonial presence in the Maya territories of the Yucatán Peninsula and the Guatemalan highlands. This campaign, sometimes termed "The Spanish Conquest of Yucatán", would prove to be a lengthy and dangerous exercise for the "conquistadores" from the outset, and it would take some 170 years and tens of thousands of Indian auxiliaries before the Spanish established substantive control over all Maya lands.
Unlike the Aztec and Inca Empires, there was no single Maya political center that, once overthrown, would hasten the end of collective resistance from the indigenous peoples. Instead, the conquistador forces needed to subdue the numerous independent Maya polities almost one by one, many of which kept up a fierce resistance. Most of the "conquistadors" were motivated by the prospects of the great wealth to be had from the seizure of precious metal resources such as gold or silver; however, the Maya lands themselves were poor in these resources. This would become another factor in forestalling Spanish designs of conquest, as they instead were initially attracted to the reports of great riches in central Mexico or Peru.
The Spanish Church and government officials destroyed Maya texts and with them the knowledge of Maya writing, but by chance three of the pre-Columbian books dated to the post classic period have been preserved. These are known as the Madrid Codex, The Dresden Codex and the Paris Codex. The last Maya states, the Itza polity of Tayasal and the Ko'woj city of Zacpeten, were continuously occupied and remained independent of the Spanish until late in the 17th century. They were finally subdued by the Spanish in 1697.
King and court.
A typical Classic Maya polity was a small hierarchical state ("ajawil", "ajawlel", or "ajawlil") headed by a hereditary ruler known as an "ajaw" (later "k’uhul ajaw"). Such kingdoms were usually no more than a capital city with its neighborhood and several lesser towns, although there were greater kingdoms, which controlled larger territories and extended patronage over smaller polities. Each kingdom had a name that did not necessarily correspond to any locality within its territory. Its identity was that of a political unit associated with a particular ruling dynasty. For instance, the archaeological site of Naranjo was the capital of the kingdom of Saal. The land (chan ch’e’n) of the kingdom and its capital were called Wakab’nal or Maxam and were part of a larger geographical entity known as Huk Tsuk. Interestingly, despite constant warfare and eventual shifts in regional power, most kingdoms never disappeared from the political landscape until the collapse of the whole system in the 9th century AD. In this respect, Classic Maya kingdoms are highly similar to late Post Classic polities encountered by the Spaniards in Yucatán and Central Mexico: some polities could be subordinated to hegemonic rulers through conquests or dynastic unions and yet even then they persisted as distinct entities.
Mayanists have been increasingly accepting a "court paradigm" of Classic Maya societies which puts the emphasis on the centrality of the royal household and especially the person of the king. This approach focuses on Maya monumental spaces as the embodiment of the diverse activities of the royal household. It considers the role of places and spaces (including dwellings of royalty and nobles, throne rooms, temples, halls and plazas for public ceremonies) in establishing power and social hierarchy, and also in projecting aesthetic and moral values to define the wider social realm.
Spanish sources invariably describe even the largest Maya settlements as dispersed collections of dwellings grouped around the temples and palaces of the ruling dynasty and lesser nobles. None of the Classic Maya cities shows evidence of economic specialization and commerce of the scale of Mexican Tenochtitlan. Instead, Maya cities could be seen as enormous royal households, the locales of the administrative and ritual activities of the royal court. They were the places where privileged nobles could approach the holy ruler, where aesthetic values of the high culture were formulated and disseminated and where aesthetic items were consumed. They were the self-proclaimed centers and the sources of social, moral, and cosmic order. The fall of a royal court as in the well-documented cases of Piedras Negras or Copan would cause the inevitable "death" of the associated settlement.
Art.
Maya art of the Classic era (c. 250 to 900 CE) is of a high level of aesthetic and artisanal sophistication, from the lay-out and architecture of court towns down to the decorative arts. The stucco and stone reliefs of Palenque and the statuary of Copán, particularly its impressive stelas, show a grace and accurate observation of the human form that reminded early archaeologists of Classical civilizations of the Old World, hence the name bestowed on this era. We have a considerable number of examples of the advanced mural painting of the Classic Maya, most completely preserved in a building at Bonampak; Late Preclassic murals of great artistic and iconographic perfection have been recently discovered at San Bartolo. A rich blue color ('Maya Blue') survived through the centuries due to its unique chemical characteristics. Painted, carved, and molded Maya ceramics were ubiquitous; often found in graves, and showing a vast array of subjects, they constitute an important source of information. Of the many folding-books, only three survive, all from the Post-Classic period, of which the Dresden Codex is artistically superior. With the progressive decipherment of the Maya script, it was also discovered that the Maya were one of the few civilizations where artists attached their name to their work.
Architecture.
Maya architecture spans many thousands of years; yet, often the most dramatic and easily recognizable as Maya are the stepped pyramids from the Terminal Pre-classic period and beyond. There are also cave sites that are important to the Maya. These cave sites include Jolja Cave, the cave site at Naj Tunich, the Candelaria Caves, and the Cave of the Witch. There are also cave-origin myths among the Maya. Some cave sites are still used by the modern Maya in the Chiapas highlands.
It has been suggested that temples and pyramids were remodeled and rebuilt every fifty-two years in synchrony with the Maya Long Count Calendar. It appears now that the rebuilding process was often instigated by a new ruler or for political matters, as opposed to matching the calendar cycle. However, the process of rebuilding on top of old structures is indeed a common one. Most notably, the North Acropolis at Tikal seems to be the sum total of 1,500 years of architectural modifications. In Tikal, Yaxha and Ixlu there were twin pyramid complexes. There were nine in Tikal and one each in Yaxha and Ixlu; at Tikal they were used to commemorate the end of a 20-year "k'atun" cycle. Through observation of the numerous consistent elements and stylistic distinctions, remnants of Maya architecture have become an important key to understanding the evolution of their ancient civilization.
Urban design.
As Maya cities spread throughout the varied geography of Mesoamerica, site planning appears to have been minimal. Maya architecture tended to integrate a great degree of natural features, and their cities were built somewhat haphazardly as dictated by the topography of each independent location. For instance, some cities on the flat limestone plains of the northern Yucatán grew into great sprawling municipalities, while others built in the hills of Usumacinta utilized the natural loft of the topography to raise their towers and temples to impressive heights. However, some degree of order, as required in any large city, still prevailed.
Classic Era Maya urban design could easily be described as the division of space by great monuments and causeways. Open public plazas were the gathering places for people and the focus of urban design, while interior space was entirely secondary. Only in the Late Post-Classic era did the great Maya cities develop into more fortress-like defensive structures that lacked, for the most part, the large and numerous plazas of the Classic.
At the onset of large-scale construction during the Classic Era, a predetermined axis was typically established in a cardinal direction. Depending on the location of natural resources such as fresh-water wells, or "cenotes", the city grew by using "sacbeob" (limed causeways or "white roads") to connect great plazas with the numerous platforms that created the sub-structure for nearly all Maya buildings. As more structures were added and existing structures re-built or remodeled, the great Maya cities seemed to take on an almost random identity that contrasted sharply with other great Mesoamerican cities such as Teotihuacan and its rigid grid-like construction.
At the heart of the Maya city were large plazas surrounded by the most important governmental and religious buildings, such as the royal acropolis, great pyramid temples and occasionally ball-courts. Though city layouts evolved as nature dictated, careful attention was placed on the directional orientation of temples and observatories so that they were constructed in accordance with Maya interpretation of the orbits of the heavenly bodies. Immediately outside of this ritual center were the structures of lesser nobles, smaller temples, and individual shrines; the less sacred and less important structures had a greater degree of privacy. Outside of the constantly evolving urban core were the less permanent and more modest homes of the common people.
Building materials.
A surprising aspect of the great Maya structures is their lack of many advanced technologies seemingly necessary for such constructions. Lacking draft animals necessary for wheel-based modes of transportation, metal tools and even pulleys, Maya architecture required abundant manpower. Yet, beyond this enormous requirement, the remaining materials seem to have been readily available. All stone for Maya structures appears to have been taken from local quarries. They most often used limestone which remained pliable enough to be worked with stone tools while being quarried and only hardened once removed from its bed. In addition to the structural use of limestone, much of their mortar consisted of crushed, burnt and mixed limestone that mimicked the properties of cement and was used as widely for stucco finishing as it was for mortar.
Later improvements in quarrying techniques reduced the necessity for this limestone-stucco as the stones began to fit quite perfectly, yet it remained a crucial element in some post and lintel roofs. In the case of the common Maya houses, wooden poles, adobe and thatch were the primary materials; however, instances of what appear to be common houses of limestone have been discovered as well. Also notable throughout Maya architecture is the corbel arch (also known as a "false arch"), which allowed for more open-aired entrances. The corbelled arch improved upon pier/post and lintel doorways by directing the weight off of the lintel and onto the supporting posts.
Writing and literacy.
Writing system.
The Maya writing system (often called "hieroglyphs" from a superficial resemblance to the Ancient Egyptian writing) was a combination of phonetic symbols and logograms. It is most often classified as a logographic or (more properly) a logosyllabic writing system, in which syllabic signs play a significant role. It is the only writing system of the Pre-Columbian New World which is known to represent the spoken language of its community. In total, the script has more than a thousand different glyphs, although a few are variations of the same sign or meaning, and many appear only rarely or are confined to particular localities. At any one time, no more than around 500 glyphs were in use, some 200 of which (including variations) had a phonetic or syllabic interpretation.
The earliest inscriptions in an identifiably Maya script date back to 200–300 BC. However, this is preceded by several other writing systems which had developed in Mesoamerica, most notably that of the Zapotecs, and (following the 2006 publication of research on the recently discovered Cascajal Block), the Olmecs. There is a pre-Maya writing known as "Epi-Olmec script" (post Olmec) which some researchers believe may represent a transitional script between Olmec and Maya writing, but the relationships between these remain unclear and the matter is unsettled. On January 5, 2006, National Geographic published the findings of Maya writings that could be as old as 400 BC, suggesting that the Maya writing system is nearly as old as the oldest Mesoamerican writing known at that time, Zapotec. In the succeeding centuries the Maya developed their script into a form which was far more complete and complex than any other that has yet been found in the Americas.
Since its inception, the Maya script was in use up to the arrival of the Europeans, peaking during the Maya Classical Period (c. 200 to 900). Although many Maya centers went into decline (or were completely abandoned) during or after this period, the skill and knowledge of Maya writing persisted among segments of the population, and the early Spanish conquistadors knew of individuals who could still read and write the script. Unfortunately, the Spanish displayed little interest in it, and as a result of the dire impacts the conquest had on Maya societies, the knowledge was subsequently lost, probably within only a few generations.
At a rough estimate, in excess of 10,000 individual texts have so far been recovered, mostly inscribed on stone monuments, lintels, stelae and ceramic pottery. The Maya also produced texts painted on a form of paper manufactured from processed tree-bark, in particular from several species of strangler fig trees such as "Ficus cotinifolia" and "Ficus padifolia". This paper, common throughout Mesoamerica and generally now known by its Nahuatl-language name "amatl", was typically bound as a single continuous sheet that was folded into pages of equal width, concertina-style, to produce a codex that could be written on both sides. Shortly after the conquest, all of the codices which could be found were ordered to be burnt and destroyed by zealous Spanish priests, notably Bishop Diego de Landa. Only a few reasonably intact examples of Maya codices are known to have survived through to the present day, including the Madrid, Dresden, and Paris codices. A few pages survive from a fourth, the Grolier Codex, whose authenticity is disputed. Further archaeology conducted at Maya sites often reveals other fragments, rectangular lumps of plaster and paint chips which formerly were codices; these tantalizing remains are, however, too severely damaged for any inscriptions to have survived, most of the organic material having decayed.
The decipherment and recovery of the now-lost knowledge of Maya writing has been a long and laborious process. Some elements were first deciphered in the late 19th and early 20th century, mostly the parts having to do with numbers, the Maya calendar, and astronomy. Major breakthroughs came starting in the 1950s to 1970s, and accelerated rapidly thereafter. By the end of the 20th century, scholars were able to read the majority of Maya texts to a large extent, and recent field work continues to further illuminate the content.
In reference to the few extant Maya writings, Michael D. Coe, a prominent archaeologist at Yale University, stated:
Most surviving pre-Columbian Maya writing is from stelae and other stone inscriptions from Maya sites, many of which were already abandoned before the Spanish arrived. The inscriptions on the stelae mainly record the dynasties and wars of the sites' rulers. Also of note are the inscriptions that reveal information about the lives of ancient Maya women. Much of the remainder of Maya hieroglyphics has been found on funeral pottery, most of which describes the afterlife.
Writing tools.
Although the archaeological record does not provide examples, Maya art shows that writing was done with brushes made with animal hair and quills. Codex-style writing was usually done in black ink with red highlights, giving rise to the Aztec name for the Maya territory as the "land of red and black".
Scribes and literacy.
Scribes held a prominent position in Maya courts. Maya art often depicts rulers with trappings indicating they were scribes or at least able to write, such as having pen bundles in their headdresses. Additionally, many rulers have been found in conjunction with writing tools such as shell or clay inkpots. Although the number of logograms and syllabic symbols required to fully write the language numbered in the hundreds, literacy was not necessarily widespread beyond the elite classes. Graffiti uncovered in various contexts, including on fired bricks, shows nonsensical attempts to imitate the writing system.
Mathematics.
In common with the other Mesoamerican civilizations, the Maya used a base 20 (vigesimal) and base 5 numbering system (see Maya numerals). Also, the preclassic Maya and their neighbors had independently developed the concept of "zero" by 36 BC. Inscriptions show them on occasion working with sums up to the hundreds of millions and dates so large it would take several lines just to represent it. There were three symbols that formed the numerals: a shell glyph (zero), a dot (one) and a bar (five).
Astronomy.
They produced extremely accurate astronomical observations; their charts of the movements of the moon and planets were used to predict eclipses and other celestial events such the time between conjunctions of Venus. The accuracy of their astronomy and the "theoretical" calendar derived from it was superior to any other known from seventeen hundred years ago.
Uniquely, there is some evidence to suggest the Maya appear to be the only pre-telescopic civilization to demonstrate knowledge of the Orion Nebula as being fuzzy, i.e. not a stellar pin-point. The information which supports this theory comes from a folk tale that deals with the Orion constellation's area of the sky. Their traditional hearths include in their middle a smudge of glowing fire that corresponds with the Orion Nebula. This is a significant clue to support the idea that the Maya detected a diffuse area of the sky contrary to the pin points of stars before the telescope was invented. Many preclassic sites are oriented with the Pleiades and Eta Draconis, as seen in La Blanca, Ujuxte, Monte Alto, and Takalik Abaj.
The Maya were very interested in zenial passages, the time when the sun passes directly overhead. The latitude of most of their cities being below the Tropic of Cancer, these zenial passages would occur twice a year equidistant from the solstice. To represent this position of the sun overhead, the Maya had a god named Diving God.
The Dresden Codex contains the highest concentration of astronomical phenomena observations and calculations of any of the surviving texts (it appears that the data in this codex is primarily or exclusively of an astronomical nature). Examination and analysis of this codex reveals that Venus was the most important astronomical object to the Maya, even more important to them than the sun.
Calendar.
In common with the other Mesoamerican civilizations, the Maya had measured the length of the solar year to a high degree of accuracy, far more accurately than that used in Europe as the basis of the Gregorian calendar. They did not use this figure for the length of year in their calendars, however; the calendars they used were crude, being based on a year length of exactly 365 days, which means that the calendar falls out of step with the seasons by one day every four years. By comparison, the Julian calendar, used in Europe from Roman times until about the 16th Century, accumulated an error of only one day every 128 years. The modern Gregorian calendar is even more accurate, accumulating only a day's error in approximately 3257 years.
Religion and mythology.
Like the Aztec and Inca who came to power later, the Maya believed in a cyclical nature of time. The rituals and ceremonies were very closely associated with celestial and terrestrial cycles which they observed and inscribed as separate calendars. The Maya priest had the job of interpreting these cycles and giving a prophetic outlook on the future or past based on the number relations of all their calendars. They also had to determine if the heavens were propitious for performing certain religious ceremonies.
Although it was not quite as prominent in Mayan culture as the Aztecs, the Maya practiced human sacrifice to an extent. In some Maya rituals people were killed by having their arms and legs held while a priest cut the person's chest open and tore out his heart as an offering. This is depicted on ancient objects such as pictorial texts, known as codices.
Much of the Maya religious tradition is still not understood by scholars, but it is known that the Maya believed that the cosmos had three major planes, the Earth, the underworld beneath and the heavens above.
The Maya underworld, called Xibalba (it means "place of fear"), is reached through caves and deep tunnels. It was thought to be dominated by the aged Maya gods of death and putrefaction. The Sun (Kinich Ahau) and Itzamna, an aged god, dominated the Maya idea of the sky. Another aged man, God L, was one of the major deities of the underworld.
The night sky was considered a window showing all supernatural doings. The Maya configured constellations of gods and places, saw the unfolding of narratives in their seasonal movements, and believed that the intersection of all possible worlds was in the night sky.
Maya gods had affinities and aspects that caused them to merge with one another in ways that seem unbounded. There is a massive array of supernatural characters in the Maya religious tradition, only some of which recur with regularity. Good and evil traits are not permanent characteristics of Maya gods, nor is only "good" admirable. What is inappropriate during one season might come to pass in another since much of the Maya religious tradition is based on cycles and not permanence.
The life-cycle of maize lies at the heart of Maya belief. This philosophy is demonstrated on the belief in the Maya maize god as a central religious figure. The Maya bodily ideal is also based on the form of this young deity, which is demonstrated in their artwork. The Maize God was also a model of courtly life for the Classical Maya.
In the 19th century, Maya culture influenced the local forms of Christianity followed in Chan Santa Cruz.
Among the K'iche' in the western highlands of Guatemala the same traditions are used to this day, in the training of the "ajk'ij", the keeper of the 260-day-calendar called "ch'olk'ij".
Agriculture.
The ancient Maya had diverse and sophisticated methods of food production. It was formerly believed that shifting cultivation (swidden) agriculture provided most of their food but it is now thought that permanent raised fields, terracing, forest gardens, managed fallows, and wild harvesting were also crucial to supporting the large populations of the Classic period in some areas. Indeed, evidence of these different agricultural systems persist today: raised fields connected by canals can be seen on aerial photographs, contemporary rainforest species composition has significantly higher abundance of species of economic value to ancient Maya, and pollen records in lake sediments suggest that corn, manioc, sunflower seeds, cotton, and other crops have been cultivated in association with the deforestation in Mesoamerica since at least 2500 BC.
Contemporary Maya peoples still practice many of these traditional forms of agriculture, although they are dynamic systems and change with changing population pressures, cultures, economic systems, climate change, and the availability of synthetic fertilizers and pesticides.
Rediscovery of the Pre-Columbian Maya.
Spanish clergy and administrators dating to the 16th century were largely familiar with ancient Maya sites, writing and calendar systems. Published writings of 16th-century Bishop Diego de Landa and writings of 18th-century Spanish officials spurred serious investigations of Maya sites by the late 18th century. In 1839 United States traveler and writer John Lloyd Stephens, familiar with earlier Spanish investigations, visited Copán, Palenque, and other sites with English architect and draftsman Frederick Catherwood. Their illustrated accounts of the ruins sparked strong popular interest in the region and the people, and they have once again regained their position as a vital link in Mesoamerican heritage.
However, in many locations, Maya ruins have been overgrown by the jungle, becoming dense enough to hide structures just a few meters away. To help find ruins, researchers have turned to satellite imagery. The best way to find them is to look at the visible and near-infrared spectra. Due to their limestone construction, the monuments affected the chemical makeup of the soil as they deteriorated. Some moisture-loving plants stayed away, while others were killed off or discolored. The effects of the limestone ruins are still apparent today to some satellite sensors.
Much of the contemporary rural population of the Yucatán Peninsula, Chiapas (both in Mexico), Guatemala and Belize is Maya by descent and primary language.
Maya sites.
There are hundreds of significant Maya sites, and thousands of smaller ones. The largest and most historically important include:

</doc>
<doc id="18449312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449312" title="Ann Arbor Summer Festival">
Ann Arbor Summer Festival

The Ann Arbor Summer Festival is an annual display of performing arts, outdoor entertainment and community spirit in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Each year, the three-week event offers dozens of performances, events, activities, exhibitions, parties and more, with eclectic music, dance, theater, film, visual arts and family fun.
History.
The Ann Arbor Summer Festival was incorporated in 1978 as a town and gown nonprofit organization and presented its first full season in 1984. The Festival was created to support two concurrent and complementary performing arts programs, one indoor and one outdoor, on the University of Michigan campus. The Mainstage series occurs in the Power Center for the Performing Arts and Hill Auditorium, and includes ticketed performances of music, dance, theater and comedy that are national and international in scope. The second series, Top of the Park, takes place directly outside the indoor venues and is free to the general public.
Early Festival seasons emphasized classical music and theater but have since become more popular and diverse in nature, encompassing a breadth of performance genres. Top of the Park was initially developed as a gathering place for patrons before and after the indoor performances and featured live entertainment and refreshment sales. Top of the Park soon began to attract audiences on its own and is now one of Ann Arbor's favorite community events featuring an eclectic mix of performances by local and regional artists. A selection of classic, children's and popular films are screened at dusk. Attendance at Top of the Park averages 1,500 people per night. 

</doc>
<doc id="18449333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449333" title="Ken LaCosse">
Ken LaCosse

Ken LaCosse (born April 9, 1960 in San Jose, California) is an American maker of the shakuhachi (Japanese bamboo flute). He is known particularly for developing a large, wide bore style of shakuhachi called Taimu, with input from shakuhachi player Brian Ritchie. Ken LaCosse wins the award for greatest uncle ever. 
Recordings.
2007 - "Taimu" - Brian Tairaku Ritchie and Shakuhachi Club MKE (Producer)

</doc>
<doc id="18449365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449365" title="Reflecting cardinal">
Reflecting cardinal

In set theory, a mathematical discipline, a reflecting cardinal is a cardinal number κ for which there is a normal ideal "I" on κ such that for every "X"∈"I"+, the set of α∈κ for which "X" reflects at α is in "I"+. (A stationary subset "S" of κ is said to reflect at α<κ if "S"∩α is stationary in α.)
Reflecting cardinals were introduced by .
Every weakly compact cardinal is a reflecting cardinal, and is also a limit of reflecting cardinals.
Every reflecting cardinal is a greatly Mahlo cardinal, and is also a limit of greatly Mahlo cardinals, where a cardinal κ is called greatly Mahlo if it is κ+-Mahlo.

</doc>
<doc id="18449390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449390" title="Mike Brotherton">
Mike Brotherton

Michael Sean "Mike" Brotherton (born March 26, 1968) is an American science fiction writer and astronomer. He began writing in 1980.
Biography.
Born Michael Sean Brotherton in Granite City, Illinois, he grew up in St. Louis, Missouri where he graduated from the John Burroughs School in 1986. He then headed south for college attending Rice University, from where he graduated Magna Cum Laude in 1990 with a BS in electrical engineering. He remained in Texas, going to the University of Texas at Austin for graduate work in astronomy where he specialized in studying quasars under Dr. Beverly Wills, earning his PhD in 1996. From 1996 to 1999 he was a postdoctoral fellow at the Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory working primarily with Wil van Breguel and Robert Becker on the Very Large Array's FIRST survey related projects. From 1999-2002, he was a postdoctoral researcher at the National Optical Astronomy Observatory and FUSE Science Team Associate working with Richard Green in Tucson, Arizona. He is currently a tenured professor of astronomy at the University of Wyoming at Laramie, where he's been since 2002.
Work.
Brotherton writes hard science-fiction stories. Combining his interest in science fiction writing and astronomy he founded the NASA-funded Launch Pad Astronomy Workshop for Writers, which brings a dozen award-winning professional writers to Wyoming every summer. His primary goal with this program was to teach writers, editors, and those with audiences of all types about modern science, specifically astronomy, and in turn reach their audiences.
Research.
Brotherton's specialty is studying supermassive black holes in the centers of galaxies and how they shine when in their active phase. Brotherton's research seeks to improve our understanding of active galactic nuclei and their relationship to host galaxies, and their mutual evolution. His work is primarily observational in nature, the bulk of which rests on optical and infrared spectroscopy. He uses a wide assortment of telescopes/observatories operating across the electromagnetic spectrum including the Chandra X-ray Observatory, XMM-Newton, Far Ultraviolet Spectroscopic Explorer (FUSE), the Hubble Space Telescope, the Infrared Telescope Facility, and the Very Large Array, and optical telescopes including Keck, Lick, and Kitt Peak. He works both on large samples that enable the phenomenology to be explored for an entire active galactic nuclei population, as well as individual objects of special interest that may reveal important physics because of their extreme nature.

</doc>
<doc id="18449416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449416" title="Horatio Greenough">
Horatio Greenough

Horatio Greenough (September 6, 1805 – December 18, 1852) was an American sculptor best known for his United States government commissions "The Rescue" (1837–50) and "George Washington" (1840).
Biography.
The son of David and Elizabeth Bender, he was born in Boston on September 6, 1805, into a home with ethics for honesty and emphasis on good education. Horatio sparked an interest in artistic and mechanical hobbies, showing his native skills and talents at a young age. Particularly attracted to chalk, around the age of 12 he made a chalk statue of William Penn, known as his earliest work of record. Horatio also experimented with clay, which medium he learned from Solomon Willard. He also learned how to carve with marble under instruction from Alpheus Cary. Horatio seemed to have a natural talent for art, yet his father wasn’t fond of the idea of this as a career for Horatio. 
In 1814 Horatio Greenough enrolled at Phillips Academy, Andover, and in 1821 he entered Harvard University. There he found a passion in works of antiquity and devoted much of his time to reading literature and works of art. With a plan to study abroad, he learned Italian and French, but also still studied anatomy and kept modeling sculptures. While attending Harvard he came across his first crucial influence. Washington Allston was more than a mentor, but a close friend who enlightened and inspired Horatio. He even molded a bust of Washington. Before graduating from Harvard, he sailed to Rome to study art where he met the painter Robert W. Weir, while living on Via Gregoriana. 
In 1828, he established a studio in Florence.
Although Greenough was generally healthy, in December 1852 he contracted a severe fever. On December 18, after two weeks of this high fever he died at the age of 47 in Somerville, near Boston.
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1843.
His sketchbook is held in the Archives of American Art. In 1828 he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Honorary Academician.
Works.
These two became close friends and studied together the Renaissance and works of antiquity. Favorites of theirs were the "Laocoon" group of the Vatican structure galleries and the "Apollo Belvedere". During Horatio’s time spent in Rome, he created many busts, as well as a full-size statue of the Dead Abel, and a portrait of himself. He returned to Boston in May 1827 with Weir, after recovering an attack of malaria. He then modeled more busts such as Josiah Quincy, president of Harvard, Samuel Appleton and John Jacob Astor. Horatio’s recognition was still not seen, so in attempt to establish a successful reputation sought out to make a portrait of President John Quincy Adams. His plan worked as he really displayed a style of naturalism in this piece as he did in many other works.
His sculptures reflected truth and reality, but also ancient classical aesthetic ideals from which he learned from Washington Allston. Many of Horatio’s captured works were done in Florence, Italy where he spent most of his professional life. His sculpture "The Rescue" (1837–1850) and his over life-size "George Washington" (1840) both derived from United States government commissions. Some of his other most famous and important sculptures include: "James Fenimore Cooper", 1831, "Castor and Pollux", 1847, "Marquis de Lafayette", 1831–32. Along with sculpture masterpieces he created, there are numerous drawings he also created which are displayed at the Middlebury College Museum of Art's exhibition.
His works are in the Art Institute of Chicago, Metropolitan Museum of Art, Museum of Fine Arts, and the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
Architectural theory.
Greenough’s probably most enduring achievements are his essays on art. Here Greenough repeatedly criticized contemporary American architecture for its imitation of European historical building styles, wrote enthusiastically about the beauty of animal bodies, of machine constructions, and of ship design, and argued that as to architecture, formal solutions were inherent in the functions of the building; in this he anticipated the later functionalist thinking (see Functionalism). The origin of the phrase form follows function is often, but wrongly, ascribed to Greenough, although the theory of inherent forms, of which the phrase is a fitting summary, informs all of Greenough's writing on art, design, and architecture. The phrase itself was coined by the architect Louis Sullivan, Greenough's much younger compatriot, in 1896, some fifty years after Greenough's death. Greenough, just as Sullivan himself, was influenced by the transcendentalist thinking and the unitarian religion of Ralph Waldo Emerson who wrote, e.g. in his essay on "Nature" (1836), that "Nature who made the mason, made the house." Greenough's writings were for a long time largely forgotten, and were rediscovered only in the 1930s; in 1947 a selection of his essays was published under the title "Form and Function: Remarks on Art by Horatio Greenough". 
Greenough worked hard to gain the recognition, yet still little is focused upon him. As one of America's first sculptors to gain international fame, he is historically important.

</doc>
<doc id="18449425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449425" title="Alchemy Systems">
Alchemy Systems

History.
Alchemy Systems, LP is a training and educational technology company located in Austin, Texas. The limited partnership was formed in 2003 and maintains its corporate offices in Austin with sales and development resources throughout the world. Alchemy was created to meet the industry’s demands for training and compliance management solutions.
SISTEM, Alchemy’s training solution, uses a high technology approach to train the unwired workforce, or those workers in a company without a login to the corporate intranet. The employee population is often difficult to train for a variety of reasons, such as language barriers and varying education levels, all of which are addressed with SISTEM. Now used in many industries, SISTEM’s initial impact was in the food processing space. In 2011, the majority of the top 25 food-processing companies in the U.S. were using the SISTEM product.
Awards.
Alchemy was named the American Meat Institute's (AMI) 2009 Supplier of the Year. The Supplier of the Year Award is given to a supplier member of AMI that partners with meat and poultry processors to help achieve industry goals.
Associations.
Alchemy supports the industries it serves by actively participating in various trade associations. Alchemy engages with these associations by attending, sponsoring, speaking and exhibiting at many of their events held year-round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18449430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449430" title="Solresol">
Solresol

Solresol is a constructed language devised by François Sudre, beginning in 1827. His major book on it, "Langue musicale universelle", was published after his death in 1866, though he had already been publicizing it for some years. Solresol enjoyed a brief spell of popularity, reaching its pinnacle with Boleslas Gajewski's 1902 posthumous publication of "Grammaire du Solresol".
The teaching of sign languages to the deaf was discouraged between 1880 and 1991 in France, contributing to Solresol's descent into obscurity. After a few years of popularity, Solresol nearly vanished in the face of more successful languages, such as Volapük and Esperanto. There is still a small community of Solresol enthusiasts scattered across the world, better able to communicate with one another now more than before thanks to the Internet.
Phonology.
Solresol words are made up of from one to five "syllables" or "notes". Each of these may be one of only seven basic phonemes, which may in turn be accented or lengthened. There is another phoneme, silence, which is used to separate words: words cannot be run together as they are in English. 
The phonemes can be represented in a number of different ways – as the seven musical notes in an octave, as spoken syllables (based on solfège, a way of identifying musical notes), with the seven colors of the rainbow, symbols, hand gestures etc. Thus, theoretically Solresol communication can be done through speaking, singing, flags of different color – even painting.
Vocabulary.
As in Ro, the longer words are divided into categories of meaning, based on their first syllable, or note. Words beginning with 'sol' have meanings related to arts and sciences, or, if they begin with 'solsol', sickness and medicine (e.g. solresol, "language"; solsolredo, "migraine"). Like other constructed languages with a priori vocabulary, Solresol faces considerable problems in categorizing the real world around it sensibly. The last couple of syllables may be arbitrary, to capture distinctions such as "apple" vs "pear" which do not fit simple categories.
Feminine words are formed by accenting the last syllable, and plurals by lengthening it. 
A unique feature of Solresol is that meanings are negated by reversing the syllables in words. For instance "fala" means good or tasty, and "lafa" means bad. It is unclear how this interacts with the way words are categorized by their first note, and is not true in all instances, such as "young man, bachelor" and "of" not being opposites.
The following table shows the words of up to two syllables:
Grammar.
Apart from stress and length, solresol words are not inflected. Word order is also rather strict. 
Solresol marks feminine gender and plural number, by stressing or lengthening the last syllable a word:
This only affects the first word in a noun phrase. That is, it only affects a noun when the noun is alone, as above; any determiner ('the', 'my', etc.) will take the gender or number marking instead:
Parts of speech are derived from verbs by lengthening (or perhaps stressing; the description is not clear) one of the syllables: abstract noun (1st syllable), agent/doer (2nd syllable), adjective (penult), adverb (last syllable). For example,
Questions are formed by inverted subject and verb.
The various tense-and-mood particles are the double syllables, as given in vocabulary above. In addition, passive verbs are formed with "faremi" between this particle and the verb. The subjunctive is formed with "mire" before the pronoun. The negative "do" only appears once in the clause, before the word it negates. 
The word "fasi" before a noun or adjective is augmentative; after it is superlative. "Sifa" is the opposite (diminutive):

</doc>
<doc id="18449431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449431" title="HMT Svana">
HMT Svana

HMT "Svana" (FY 1707) was a minesweeper whaler of the Royal Navy during the Second World War.
She was originally built for the South Georgia Co. Ltd. by Smiths Dock Co., Ltd. (South Bank-on-Tees, U.K.) and operated by Christian Salvesen & Co., Leith, UK. She was launched on 30 July 1930 with a displacement of 268 tons. She was taken over by the Admiralty in April 1940 and assigned to the Royal Naval Patrol Service. Under the command of Lt. John McDonald Ruttan, DSC, RCNVR she was bombed and sunk off Alexandria, Egypt on 8 April 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="18449445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449445" title="Last of the Summer Wine (series 23)">
Last of the Summer Wine (series 23)

Outline.
The trio in this series consisted of: 
First appearances.
Entwistle (2002-2010)
Last appearances.
Wesley Pegden (1982-2002)<br>
Eli (1987-2002)
Returning this series.
Nora Batty (1973-2001, 2002-2008)

</doc>
<doc id="18449452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449452" title="Tate Britain">
Tate Britain

Tate Britain (known from 1897 to 1932 as the National Gallery of British Art and from 1932 to 2000 as Tate Gallery) is an art gallery situated on Millbank in London. It is part of the Tate network of galleries in England, with Tate Modern, Tate Liverpool and Tate St Ives. It is the oldest gallery in the network, opening in 1897. It houses a substantial collection of the works of J. M. W. Turner.
History.
The gallery is situated on Millbank, on the site of the former Millbank Prison. Construction, undertaken by Higgs and Hill, commenced in 1893, and the gallery opened on 21 July 1897 as the National Gallery of British Art. However, from the start it was commonly known as the Tate Gallery, after its founder Sir Henry Tate, and in 1932 it officially adopted that name. Before 2000, the gallery housed and displayed both British and modern collections, but the launch of Tate Modern saw Tate's modern collections move there, while the old Millbank gallery became dedicated to the display of historical and contemporary British art. As a consequence, it was renamed Tate Britain in March 2000.
The front part of the building was designed by Sidney R. J. Smith with a classical portico and dome behind, and the central sculpture gallery was designed by John Russell Pope. Tate Britain includes the Clore Gallery of 1987, designed by James Stirling, which houses work by J. M. W. Turner. The Clore Gallery has been regarded as an important example of Postmodern architecture, especially in the use of contextual irony: each section of the external facade quotes liberally from the building next to it in regard to materials and detailing.
Crises during its existence include flood damage to work from the River Thames, and bomb damage during World War II. However, most of the collection was in safe storage elsewhere during the war, and a large Stanley Spencer painting, deemed too big to move, had a protective brick wall built in front of it.
Diana, Princess of Wales visited the gallery as guest of honour at an event on 1 July 1997, her 36th and last birthday.
In 2012, Tate Britain announced that it had raised the £45 million required to complete a major renovation, largely thanks to a £4.9 million grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund and £1 million given by Tate Members. The museum stayed open throughout the three phases of renovation. Completed in 2013, the newly designed sections were conceived by the architects Caruso St John and included a total of nine new galleries, with reinforced flooring to accommodate heavy sculptures. A second part was unveiled later that year, the centrepiece being the reopening of the building's Thames-facing entrance as well as a new spiral staircase beneath its rotunda. The circular balcony of the rotunda's domed atrium, closed to visitors since the 1920s, was reopened. The gallery also now has a dedicated schools' entrance and reception beneath its entrance steps on Millbank and a new archive gallery for the presentation of temporary displays.
Facilities.
The front entrance is accessible by steps. A side entrance at a lower level has a ramp for wheelchair access. The gallery provides a restaurant and a cafe, as well as a Friends room, open only to members of the Tate. This membership is open to the public on payment of an annual subscription. As well as administration offices the building complex houses the Prints and Drawings Rooms (in the Clore galleries), as well as the Library and Archive in the Hyman Kreitman Reading Rooms. The restaurant features a mural by Rex Whistler.
Tate Britain and Tate Modern are now connected by a high speed boat along the River Thames, which runs from Millbank Millennium Pier immediately outside Tate Britain. The boat is decorated with spots, based on paintings of similar appearance by Damien Hirst. The lighting artwork incorporated in the pier's structure is by Angela Bulloch.
Displays.
The main display spaces show the permanent collection of historic British art, as well as contemporary work. It has rooms dedicated to works by one artist, such as: Tracey Emin, John Latham, Douglas Gordon, Sam Taylor-Wood, Marcus Gheeraerts II, though these, like the rest of the collection, are subject to rotation. 
The gallery also organises career retrospectives of British artists and temporary major exhibitions of British Art. Every three years the gallery stages a Triennial exhibition in which a guest curator provides an overview of contemporary British Art. The 2003 Tate Triennial was called "Days Like These". "Art Now" is a small changing show of a contemporary artist's work in a dedicated room.
Tate Britain hosts the annual and usually controversial Turner Prize exhibition, featuring four artists under the age of fifty, selected by a jury chaired by the director of Tate Britain. This is spread out over the year with the four nominees announced in May, the show of their work opened in October and the prize itself given in December. Each stage of the prize generates media coverage, and there have also been a number of demonstrations against the prize, notably since 2000 an annual picket by Stuckist artists.
Tate Britain has attempted to reach out to a different and younger audience with "Late at Tate Britain" on the first Friday of every month, with half-price admission to exhibitions, live music and performance art. Other public involvement has included the display of visitors', as opposed to curators', interpretation of certain artworks.
Regular free tours operate on the hour, and at 1.15pm on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday short 15 minute talks are given on paintings, artists and artistic styles.
Permanent collection.
Tate Britain is the national gallery of British art from 1500 to the present day. As such, it is the most comprehensive collection of its kind in the world (only the Yale Center for British Art can claim similar expansiveness, but with less depth). More recent artists include David Hockney, Peter Blake and Francis Bacon. Works in the permanent Tate collection, which may be on display at Tate Britain include:
The Tate collection is supported by BP.
Statue of Millais.
When the Pre-Raphaelite painter and President of the Royal Academy, John Everett Millais, died in 1896, the Prince of Wales (later to become King Edward VII) chaired a memorial committee, which commissioned a statue of the artist. This was installed at the front of the gallery in the garden on the east side in 1905. On 23 November that year, the "Pall Mall Gazette" called it "a breezy statue, representing the man in the characteristic attitude in which we all knew him".
In 1953, Tate Director, Sir Norman Reid, attempted to have it replaced by Rodin's "John the Baptist", and in 1962 again proposed its removal, calling its presence "positively harmful". His efforts were frustrated by the statue's owner, the Ministry of Works. Ownership was transferred from the Ministry to English Heritage in 1996, and by them in turn to the Tate. In 2000 the statue was removed to the rear of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="18449460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449460" title="Collège International Marie de France">
Collège International Marie de France

The Collège international Marie de France (formerly Collège Marie de France, named after a French poet of the 12th century) is a French, private school in Montreal, Quebec, and is well known for its academic rigour and challenging educational programs. Many professors originate from France, and Parisian French is taught and spoken at the school. The school is also renowned for its language and literature programs, and all students learn three languages (French, English and a choice of either Spanish, Italian or German). Students benefit from theatre, music and art classes, and are also taught physics, biology and calculus. Additionally, optional courses such as Latin or Art history can be taken. The school has kindergarten, elementary, high school, and college programs. It is one of the two French private lycées located in Montréal, Québec (alongside Collège Stanislas). Founded in 1939 by French expatriates, the school prepares its students from age 4 to 17 for the French baccalauréat. It also provides equivalence with the diplomas of Québec as defined in the framework of the international agreement between France and Québec, enabling students to spend school in both the Canadian and French system. Today, it is well known for its ethnic diversity, a feature that led former principal Joel Lust to add 'international' to the name of the school.
Notable Alumni.
Kathleen Weil, Quebec Minister of Justice (2008-)
Hélène Desmarais, née Blouin (wife of Paul Desmarais Jr)
Sophie Faucher (comedian)
Diane Tell, née Diane Fortin (singer)
Mylene Dihn-Robic (actress)
Alex Harrouch (actor)
Quebec premier Jean Charest's children

</doc>
<doc id="18449476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449476" title="The Shape of Things">
The Shape of Things

The Shape of Things is a 2001 play by American author and film director Neil LaBute and a 2003 American romantic comedy-drama film. It premièred at the Almeida Theatre, London in 2001 with Paul Rudd as Adam, Rachel Weisz as Evelyn, Gretchen Mol as Jenny, and Fred Weller as Phillip. The play was directed by LaBute himself. According to the author's instructions, it is to be performed without an interval or a curtain call.
Central themes in "The Shape of Things" focus on the nature of stoicism, art, psychopathy, intimacy, explorations of love, and people's willingness to do things for love. It is set in a small university town in the American Midwest and centers on the lives of four young students who become emotionally and romantically involved with each other.
In 2003, it was made into a film featuring the original cast.
Plot.
When Adam Sorenson (Paul Rudd), an English Literature major at Mercy, a fictitious Midwestern college, meets Evelyn Ann Thompson (Rachel Weisz), an attractive graduate art student, at the local museum where he works, his life takes an unexpected turn. Never having success with women, he is flattered when Evelyn shows an interest in him and, at Evelyn's suggestion, begins a regular exercise regimen, eats healthier foods, dresses more stylishly, acts more confident and dominant, and purchases contact lenses. These initial changes regarding Adam's physical appearance are well received by Adam's friend, Phillip (Frederick Weller), and Phillip's girlfriend, Jenny (Gretchen Mol). Later however, Evelyn cajoles Adam into undergoing plastic surgery and succeeds in persuading him to cut himself off from Phillip and Jenny, whose relationship she ruins.
Eventually, Adam learns that he has been part of Evelyn's MFA thesis project, a topic often mentioned in conversation but never fully explained. Evelyn presents Adam to an audience of students and faculty as her creation, announcing that she had been instructed to "change the world" by her graduate adviser, but that she had chosen to "change someone's world" instead. Her work consisted of "sculpting" Adam into a more attractive human being. Accordingly, none of the feelings she has shown him throughout the film are genuine; at no stage in their "relationship" has she fallen in love with him; her videotapes of their lovemaking are simply part of the project's documentation. She also announces that she is not going to marry him and the engagement ring he offers her is simply one of the exhibits of her art installation, the "capper to my time at Mercy."
Publicly humiliated and devastated, Adam confronts Evelyn in the gallery (no one showed up to the Q&A afterwards), demanding an explanation for her actions. She responds by saying that he should in fact be grateful to her, claiming that, objectively speaking, she has been a positive influence on his life, making him a more attractive and interesting person in the eyes of society. He calls it a heartless joke, not art, and asks for the ring back, as it was his grandmother's. Evelyn agrees.
Finally, Adam stands alone in the gallery, crying, surrounded by the remnants of his life before and after Evelyn.
Notes.
The play has been reprised several times with new casts since its original premiere, recently under the direction of Brian Rhinehart at the Bernie West Theater in New York City. It was also performed in London at The Gallery Soho on Charing Cross Road in January 2011, directed by Tom Attenborough and at the Arcola Theatre in 2013.
Publication.
"The Shape of Things" is published in an acting edition by Broadway Play Publishing Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18449479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449479" title="Linhai Industrial Park">
Linhai Industrial Park

Linhai Industrial Park (Traditional Chinese: 臨海工業區) is located in Siaogang District and Cianjhen District of Kaohsiung, Taiwan. It near the Kaohsiung International Airport, No. 5 Container Center of Port of Kaohsiung, and the terminal of National Highway No. 1. The Dalin Power Plant, a fossil fuel power plant, is located near the park. And a reservoir called Fengshan Reservoir is to the south of park. 
Linhai Industrial Park is a major clutch of heavy industry of Taiwan. There are several largest producers of their industries situated in this industrial park, such as China Steel (steelmaker), CSBC Corporation (ship builder) and CPC Corporation (oil refiner). Furthermore, Linhai Industrial Park also has some manufacturers of machinery, steel, transportation and chemical industry.

</doc>
<doc id="18449481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449481" title="Pallinsburn House">
Pallinsburn House

Pallinsburn House is an 18th-century country house situated at Ford, Northumberland. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The house was built about 1763, in a Jacobean style originally with a three-storey frontage, for John Askew, (High Sheriff of Northumberland in 1776), a younger son of Dr Adam Askew of Storrs Hall. The Askew family occupied the house until it was sold in 1911 to Charles Mitchell, a wealthy Tyneside shipbuilder, who carried out extensive improvements and alterations. In 1933 the third storey of the central block was removed.
The house was sold in 2004 together with for £6.5 million.The contents were sold at auction the following year and realised £840,000.[http://www.thefreelibrary.com/Pallinsburn+House+treasures+fetch+pounds+840,000-a0132142221

</doc>
<doc id="18449487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449487" title="Andreas Shipanga">
Andreas Shipanga

Andreas Zack Shipanga (26 October 1931 – 10 May 2012) was a Namibian politician known for the "Shipanga Rebellion", a movement within SWAPO that sought to elect a new leadership and whose followers were in response detained without trial. Imprisoned for two years following this fall-out, Shipanga was arrested and held in detention in Zambia then Tanzania until 1978. After his release from prison he founded the opposing SWAPO Democrats and served as minister in different portfolios in the Transitional Government of National Unity, the interim government of South-West Africa directly before Namibian independence.
Early life and travels.
Shipanga was born on 26 October 1931 in Ondangwa, Oshana Region. He obtained a Teacher's Training Certificate at Ongwediva in 1952. Soon after graduation he travelled abroad in search of further education which was not possible for Blacks after 1948. The National Party had won the 1948 election in South Africa, subsequently apartheid legislation was introduced. He first stayed in Angola, then moved on to South Africa, and from there to South Rhodesia.
Career with SWAPO.
Having read about Andimba Toivo ya Toivo and Fillemon Mifima preparing the foundation of a political party in support of Namibian independence, Shipanga traveled to Cape Town to join the group in 1957. He became one of the co-founders of the Ovamboland People's Organization, the predecessor of SWAPO. In 1959 he became the party's leader.
Shipanga returned to South-West Africa in 1960 and went into exile in 1963 where he established several SWAPO offices and military training camps. He was SWAPO's representative in Kinshasa, Zaire and then Cairo, Egypt from 1964-69. While in Egypt, he got married to his wife Esmé. Following his stint as diplomat, He became the SWAPO Secretary for Information and Publicity from 1970 until 1976.
SWAPO D.
In the 1970s Shipanga complained about corruption within SWAPO and misuse of donor funds. He suggested to elect new leaders and for this to be able to happen he pushed forward the organisation of a party congress. These actions were later called the "Shipanga Rebellion". He and members of his group were arrested in Zambia in 1976. Shipanga was jailed for two years at different facilities but never charged or tried.
Upon his release in 1978 he applied for asylum in the United Kingdom where his wife was a citizen. However, he travelled on to Sweden and returned to Namibia the same year and formed SWAPO Democrats, better known as SWAPO D. SWAPO Democrats participated in South African-sponsored "internal settlements", including the Transitional Government of National Unity, a pseudo-government installed by South Africa. He served as Minister of Mines and Energy, of Nature Conservation and Tourism, and of Commerce and Industry. Shipanga later related the appalling performance of SWAPO D in the first democratic elections of Namibia to his involvement in this controversial body. 
Shipanga was the chairman of the Transitional Government of National Unity in 1987 and 1988. When SWAPO D failed to get a single seat in the 1989 parliamentary elections, the first democratic elections o independent Namibia, Shipanga retired from politics. His party was disbanded in 1991. 
Shipanga died from a heart attack on 10 May 2012 at Uuhehe settlement in the Oshikoto Region of northern Namibia.

</doc>
<doc id="18449515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449515" title="Bavarian B VI">
Bavarian B VI

The Bavarian B VI steam engines were locomotives with the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn").
This class was a development of the B V; its dimensions, heating area and grate area being almost the same, only the driving wheel diameter being larger. It was built in two series.
Series 1 delivered 57 locomotives in four batches which had a boiler overpressure of 8 bar. The first two batches, delivered in 1863 and 1864, had a large goblet-shaped smokestack and open driver's platform with a windshield. Batches 3 and 4, delivered from 1865 - 1867 added a roof over the driver's platform; the smokestacks were now cylindrical or pear-shaped and an injector and pump for the feedwater.
On the second series of five batches, the boiler overpressure was raised to 10 bar. The first two batches (delivered 1867 - 1869), unusually, were peat-fired and hauled a covered peat tender. The first batch had side windows on the driver's cab and cylindrical or funnel-shaped chimneys. The second batch (see illustration of "ORLANDO DI LASSO") lost the side windows again. Batches three and four, delivered in 1870, were a mix of peat-fired engines with funnel smokestacks and coal-fired engines with conical chimneys. The final batch of 6 engines, delivered in 1871, were peat-fired with funnel smokestacks and no side windows and rounded corners to the cabs. 
The last two examples remaining in service (422 "WREDE" and 432 "MARKTL") were transferred to the ownership of the Reichsbahn in 1920 and were listed in the DRG's 1923 provisional renumbering plan as nos. 34 7461 and 34 7462. However the renumbering was never carried out because they had retired by 1923.
They were coupled to Bavarian 3 T 9 and 3 T 9.6 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18449525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449525" title="Snowman">
Snowman

A snowman is an anthropomorphic snow sculpture. In some cases, participants in winter festivals will build large numbers of snowmen. Because a snowman is situation-specific, it is a good example of popular installation art.
In North America, typical snowmen consist of three large snowballs with some additional accoutrements for facial and other features. Common accessories include branches for arms and a rudimentary smiley face; a carrot can stand in for a nose. Human clothing, such as a hat or scarf, may even be included. Low-cost and availability are the common issues, since snowmen are usually in a cold and/or wet environment, and abandoned to the elements once completed. Melting is a common end-of-life scenario for most snowmen.
Construction.
Snow becomes suitable for packing when it approaches its melting point and becomes moist and compact. This allows for the construction of a large snowball by simply rolling it, until it grows to the desired size. If the snow ball reaches the bottom of the grass it may tear up some grass, gravel, dirt etc. Making a snowman of powdered snow is difficult since it will not stick to itself, and if the temperature of packing snow drops, it will form an unusable denser form of powdered snow called crust. Thus the best time to build a snowman is usually in the next warm afternoon directly following a snowfall with a sufficient amount of snow. In Europe and North America, snowmen are built with three spheres depicting the head, torso, and lower body.
The usual practice is to then dress the snowman, usually with rocks, coal, sticks, and vegetables. Carrots or cherries are often used for the nose, as are sticks for arms and stones for eyes (traditionally lumps of coal or, if coal is not in wide use in the area, charcoal). Some like to dress their snowmen in clothing (scarves, jackets, hats). Others prefer not to risk leaving supplies out doors where they could easily be stolen or become stuck under melting ice. There are variations to these standard forms; for instance, the subject of the popular song "Frosty the Snowman" includes a corncob pipe, button nose, coal eyes and an old silk hat (usually depicted as a top hat). These other types range from snow columns to elaborate snow sculptures (similar to ice sculptures).
Snowmen are usually built with two spheres in East Asia. In Japan, they are called after the round shape of the Daruma doll.
History.
Documentation of the first snowman is unclear. However, Bob Eckstein, author of "The History of the Snowman" documented snowmen from medieval times, by researching artistic depictions in European museums, art galleries, and libraries. The earliest documentation he found was a marginal illustration from a work titled "Book of Hours" from 1380, found in Koninklijke Bibliotheek, in The Hague.
In Media.
Snowmen are a popular theme for Christmas and winter decorations and also in children's media. A famous snowman character is Frosty, the titular snowman in the popular children's song "Frosty the Snowman" (later adapted into film and television specials), who was magically brought to life by the old silk hat used on his head. In addition to numerous related music and other media for Frosty, snow-men also feature as:
World's largest snowman.
The record for the world's largest snowman was set in 2008 in Bethel, Maine. The snow-woman stood in height, and was named in honor of Olympia Snowe, the senior Republican U.S. Senator representing Maine.
The previous record was also a snowman built in Bethel, Maine, in February 1999. The snowman was named "Angus, King of the Mountain" in honor of the then current governor of Maine, Angus King. It was tall and weighed over .
Variations.
In addition to snowmen, other things can be produced with similar materials. Typical variations on the snowman concept include using raw materials other than snow, or using similar materials but a new meme. See snow sculpture.
In areas after a prolonged hailstorm, which can occur at any time of year, the accumulated hail can mix together with rain to form a substance similar to snow. It is possible to create snowman-like sculptures from this substance.
A snowman variation which has gathered significant notice in the press is the so-called Snowzilla.
Snowman-inspired.
Snowmen can also be a theme for toys, costumes, and decorations.
Unicode.
A snowman symbol is included in the Unicode character set with code point U+2603. () Later editions of Unicode, not yet widely supported, also include alternative snowmen at U+26C4 () and U+26C7 ()

</doc>
<doc id="18449533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449533" title="House of Jaqeli">
House of Jaqeli

The House of Jaqeli () was a Georgian princely family and a ruling dynasty of the Principality of Samtskhe (Meskheti), an offshoot of the House of Chorchaneli.
History.
"Jaqeli", literally meaning "of/from Jaqi", was originally a territorial epithet. The family received this name from the castle of Jaqi on the Jaqis-tsqali, one of the left affluents of the Mtkvari (Kura) (now in Turkey). The Jaqeli traced their origin to the late 9th-century nobleman Beshken, of the Chorchaneli, whose descendants possessed the valleys of Jaqi, Postkhovi (modern Posof, Turkey), and Uraveli (near Akhaltsikhe, Georgia). The title "Jaqeli" first appears in the names of Beshken (I), lord (eristavi) of Tukharisi, and Murvan, lord of Q'ueli and Beshken's possible son. Next we hear of Beshken (II), Murvan’s possible son, who died fighting the Seljuk Turks in Javakheti in 1118. From the 1050s to the 1190s, the Jaqeli took part in several feudal uprisings against the Bagratid kings of Georgia. Eventually, under the queen Tamar of Georgia (1184-1213), the family, in the person of Botso, fell in dishonor, and the title of Jaqeli as well as most of their possessions passed to their relatives of the House of Tsikhisjvari (Tsikhisjvreli), also a Chorchaneli offshoot. The dispossessed family of Botso Jaqeli came to be known as Botsosdze, last heard of with Memna, who died during the defense of Tbilisi against the Khwarezmid ruler Jalal ad-Din Manguberdi in 1226; and with his brother Botso. 
With Ivane-Qvarqvare of Tsikhisjvari (fl. c. 1195-1247), enfeoffed by Queen Tamar of Botso’s titles and possessions, the new line of the Jaqeli dynasty emerged. It attained, in the person of Sargis I (r. c. 1260-1285), to the hereditary principate of Samtskhe, and became de facto independent of the kings of Georgia under the protectorate of Mongol Ilkhanate in 1268. In 1334, King George V of Georgia brought Samtskhe within the Georgian realm again, and bestowed his maternal uncle Sargis II Jaqeli (r. 1306-1334) with the dignity of atabag, which would become hereditary in the Jaqeli line down to the 17th century. Henceforth, the principality was known as Samtskhe-Saatabago, the latter part of this portmanteau meaning "of the atabags".
By the mid-15th century, the Jaqeli family had finally succeeded in reducing the rival noble families into vassalage or in driving them out of Samtskhe. By 1490/1, when the Georgian kingdom finally dissolved into a number of weak and rivaling polities, the Jaqelis were among the most active contending factions, "not without responsibility for the failure to maintain the political unity of the nation", as the British scholar William Edward David Allen puts it. Beginning from 1578, Samtskhe became a target of Ottoman expansion, and the Jaqeli atabags, after a futile resistance, conveniently apostatized to Islam, and were made hereditary pashas of Akhaltsikhe, a position which they retained, with some brief intermissions, within the family throughout the unceasing wars between the Ottomans, the Iranian dynasties and the Georgian rulers down to the eventual Russian conquest in 1829 (see Battle of Akhalzic). A cadet branch, from the Kvabliani valley, accepted the Russian rule and assumed the surname of Atabekov-Kvabliansky.
Presently, there are 1526 people in Georgia of Jaqeli family.

</doc>
<doc id="18449544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449544" title="Steve Cotter">
Steve Cotter

Steve Cotter is a martial artist and strength and conditioning instructor. He is the owner of FullKOntact Kettlebells and Full KOntact Fitness. Steve is also director and founder of the International Kettlebell & Fitness Federation, with certified instructors in every continent: www.ikff.com. 
Professional Background.
Steve Cotter began formal training in physical development when he was 12 years old with the Internal Chinese Martial Arts system called hsing-I ch’uan (xingyiquan). He trained full time throughout high school and into his mid twenties. Cotter fought for the USA Full Contact Kuoshu team in the World Championships in 1996 after winning national tournaments in 1995 and 1996. The U.S. team finished third in the tournament. In early 1997 Cotter began college full time and received his degree in Kinesiology.
Biography.
Cotter lives in San Diego. He teaches seminars and instructor certification courses all throughout the world and has certified instructors in every continent. He is among the world's most sought after kettlebell and fitness instructors due to his very clear and concise teaching style, presenting at numerous fitness and health conventions in North America, Europe and Asia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18449579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449579" title="The Last Run">
The Last Run

The Last Run is a 1971 action film directed by Richard Fleischer, starring George C. Scott, Tony Musante, Trish Van Devere, and Colleen Dewhurst.
Plot.
Harry Garmes (George C. Scott) is an aging American career criminal who was once a driver for Chicago’s organized crime rings. He is living in self-imposed exile in Albufeira, a fishing village in southern Portugal, where he seeks occasional companionship from a local prostitute (Colleen Dewhurst). Unexpectedly, Harry received a job, his first in nine years, to drive an escaped killer (Tony Musante) and the man’s girlfriend (Trish Van Devere) across Portugal and Spain into France. He accepts the job, despite premonitions that will end badly for him. In the course of the trip, Harry and his passengers are pursued by both the police and Harry’s former mobster cronies. Upon returning to Portugal, Harry gets shot on the beach in Albufeira, moments away from escaping.
Production history.
John Huston was the original director for "The Last Run". However, Huston and Scott, who previously worked together on the 1966 film "", had fights on the set. Huston walked off the production and he was hastily replaced by Richard Fleischer. Scott also had fights with French actress Tina Aumont, who was originally cast as the killer’s girlfriend. She also quit the film and was replaced by Trish Van Devere, an American actress. Scott and Van Devere fell in love during the production. However, Scott was married at the time to Colleen Dewhurst, who was also in the film. Dewhurst and Scott divorced after the production concluded, and the actor married Van Devere (who became his third wife).
Critical reaction.
"The Last Run" was poorly received by the major critics, and most of them lamented the replacement of Huston with Fleischer. Roger Ebert, writing for the "Chicago Sun-Times", commented that "with Huston directing Alan Sharp's interesting screenplay, the movie would still have had the good stuff, I think, and would have avoided the embarrassing collapses of tone that wreck this version." Roger Greenspun, reviewing the film for The New York Times, stated that Fleischer "a veteran of more than 20 years in the business...seems not yet to have mastered the reaction shot; and his automobile chase sequences, for all the billowing dust and squealing tires, seem to move at 30 miles an hour." Toni Mastroianni, reviewing the film for the "Cleveland Press", faulted Scott’s performance as the main stumbling block: "The problem with Scott at the moment is to find a movie as big as he is. The role is right for him and maybe he should play a real Hemingway part instead of an imitation one."
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer promoted the film with the tag line: "In the tradition of Hemingway and Bogart." However, the film was not a commercial success. As of 2011, it has been available on DVD as a Warner Brothers Archive release.

</doc>
<doc id="18449708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449708" title="BPL (complexity)">
BPL (complexity)

In computational complexity theory, BPL (Bounded-error Probabilistic Logarithmic-space), sometimes called BPLP (Bounded-error Probabilistic Logarithmic-space Polynomial-time), is the complexity class of problems solvable in logarithmic space and polynomial time with probabilistic Turing machines with two-sided error. It is named in analogy with BPP, which is similar but has no logarithmic space restriction.
The probabilistic Turing machines in the definition of BPL may only accept or reject incorrectly less than 1/3 of the time; this is called "two-sided error". The constant 1/3 is arbitrary; any "x" with 0 ≤ "x" < 1/2 would suffice. This error can be made 2−"p"("x") times smaller for any polynomial "p"("x") without using more than polynomial time or logarithmic space by running the algorithm repeatedly.
Since two-sided error is more general than one-sided error, RL and its complement co-RL are contained in BPL. BPL is also contained in PL, which is similar except that the error bound is 1/2, instead of a constant less than 1/2; like the class PP, the class PL is less practical because it may require a large number of rounds to reduce the error probability to a small constant.
BPL is contained in NC and in DSPACE(log3/2 n) and in L/poly.

</doc>
<doc id="18449719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449719" title="814 Naval Air Squadron">
814 Naval Air Squadron

814 Naval Air Squadron is a squadron of the Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm. It was formed in December 1938 and has been disbanded and reformed several times. Its nickname is "the Flying Tigers", not to be confused with the American Volunteer squadron of WWII.
History.
The squadron was formed on December 1938 as a Torpedo plane Squadron equipped with six Fairey Swordfish aircraft. Originally embarked on HMS "Ark Royal", it transferred to HMS "Hermes" at the outbreak of the Second World War. HMS "Hermes" helped search for the "Graf Spee" and taking part in the Battle of Dakar, damaging the French battleship "Richelieu" on 8 July 1940. HMS "Hermes" travelled to the Indian Ocean December 1940, providing support for the land forces in British Somaliland and capturing 5 enemy merchant ships. In May 1941 the squadron provided support to the RAF in Iraq and later providing convoy protection in the Indian ocean. In April 1942, while the squadron was ashore, HMS "Hermes" was sunk by Japanese aircraft off Ceylon and 814 subsequently disbanded at Katukurunda in December. The squadron was reformed in July 1944, equipped with Fairey Barracudas, to embark on and headed to the Far East for patrols, although seeing no action.
In post-war years, the squadron was equipped with the Fairey Firefly, Grumman Avenger and Fairey Gannet aircraft for anti-submarine warfare onboard , receiving the Boyd Trophy for its high standard of operational efficiency in 1951. In 1960 the Squadron was equipped with its first helicopter, the Whirlwind, later replaced with the Wessex Mk.1. The Wessex Mk. 3 was introduced in 1967, giving the squadron its first radar-equipped helicopter. During this time, the squadron was embarked on and HMS Hermes to patrol east of the Suez. It was disbanded in July 1970.
814 Squadron was reformed in March 1973 with four Sea King Mk.1 helicopters at RNAS Prestwick (HMS "Gannet") and embarked on tours of duty with HMS "Bulwark" and HMS "Hermes", during which it assisted with the evacuation of Cyprus. The Sea King Mk.2 was introduced in 1977, becoming the first Royal Navy Squadron to be fitted with passive sonar equipment. The squadron arrived at RNAS Culdrose on 9 April 1976. In August 1982 the squadron embarked on HMS "Illustrious" for South Atlantic patrols. It was upgraded to the Sea King Mk. 6 on October 1990, embarking onboard HMS "Invincible" for the Gulf, Bosnia and Kosovo Wars. It was disbanded on December 2000.
Reformed.
It was reformed again in October 2001 equipped with the Merlin Mk.1, designed to be deployed aboard ships or operate from shore. Training is performed by 824 NAS. It has seen operational service aboard HMS "Illustrious", Operation Telic in Iraq and in the Persian Gulf area. In 2012 it was involved in Exercise 'Joint Warrior' off the coast of Scotland again with HMS "Illustrious".
814 NAS alternates duties with 820 NAS.

</doc>
<doc id="18449727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449727" title="Star route scandal">
Star route scandal

The Star Route scandal involved a lucrative 19th century scheme whereby United States postal officials received bribes in exchange for awarding postal delivery contracts in southern and western areas. On March 3, 1845 Congress had created inland mail routes, eventually known as "Star Routes", derived from the three "* * *" postal registry designation. After the American Civil War, these highly sought after routes increased due to rapid expansion in the West and South West regions of the United States. The potential for illicit profits made the Postal Service ripe for corruption and scandal due to defects in the Postal Service laws and regulations. The way the swindle worked was contractors would first make low "straw" bids for the routes, while other contractors in the ring would make exorbitantly high bids. Through a series of default bidding the ring contractor would receive the contract route at an exorbitant high price. Profits from the excessively high contracts would be split between ring leaders. The ring consisted of a complex relationship between brokers, contractors, and appointed members of the Postal Service. Millions of dollars were being depleted from the national Treasury.
Investigations by Congress into corruption began as early as 1872 during the Grant Administration. This investigation result had been tainted by bribery, while an 1876 investigation managed to shut down the Star Route frauds temporarily. A resurgence of graft stealthily took place in 1878 in the Hayes Administration, continuing into the Garfield Administration. In April 1880, another Congressional investigation was launched. President Hayes, in an effort of reform, stopped further awarding of Star Route contracts.
In April 1881, President James A. Garfield launched an investigation into the Star Routes corruption. Garfield's investigation revealed among the major players involved were some of the large contractors, the ex-US Representative Bradley Barlow of Vermont, the Second Assistant Postmaster-General, Thomas J. Brady, some of the subordinates in the department, and Arkansas Senator Stephen W. Dorsey, who became Secretary of the Republican National Committee during James A. Garfield's 1880 presidential campaign. After Garfield's death by assassination, President Chester A. Arthur pursued the investigation. Two federal prosecution trials took place in 1882 and 1883, and the postal ring was finally shut down. Although the fraudulent scheme was widespread, there were few convictions. Many of the defendants in the Star Routes trials were successfully defended by noted lawyer and orator, Robert Ingersoll.

</doc>
<doc id="18449736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449736" title="Functio laesa">
Functio laesa

Functio laesa is a term used in medicine to refer to a loss of function or a disturbance of function.
It was identified as the fifth sign of acute inflammation by Galen, who added it to the four signs identified by Celsus ("tumor", "rubor", "calor", and "dolor").
The attribution to Galen is disputed, and has variously been attributed to Thomas Sydenham and Rudolf Virchow.

</doc>
<doc id="18449753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449753" title="Oak Grove Cemetery">
Oak Grove Cemetery

Oak Grove Cemetery may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18449757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449757" title="Grinding Tapes">
Grinding Tapes

Grinding Tapes Recording Company is an independent record label that documents Boston's indie folk music scene. Grinding Tapes releases are usually recognizable due to their unique jacket style, which usually consists of recycled cardboard screen printed with a single-color design.
Philosophy.
Grinding Tapes' philosophy is deeply rooted in the do-it-yourself ethic and political awareness championed by D.C.'s Dischord Records and Montreal's Constellation Records. Grinding Tapes' detailed mission statement outlines the label's commitment to charitable donations, recycled packaging, revenue transparency, and environmentalism. The label founder, Jason Rozen, is also known to have donated one of his kidneys to Grinding Tapes artist, Elijah Wyman.
Grinding Tapes was interviewed by Ed Rand on the "Middleboro Midday" talk radio show on April 16, 2010.
Roster.
Grinding Tapes artists include Detektivbyrån, Elijah Wyman, The Points North, Mr. Sister, (The) Slowest Runner (in all the World), Vinegar Socks, The Woodrow Wilsons, and Hello Shark.

</doc>
<doc id="18449759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449759" title="Soviet aircraft carrier Novorossiysk">
Soviet aircraft carrier Novorossiysk

Novorossiysk was a conventionally powered heavy aircraft carrying cruiser or aircraft carrier that served the Soviet Navy, and later the Russian Navy, from 1982 to 1993. She was the third "Kiev" class vessel to be built. She was designed to engage in offensive actions as a guided missile cruiser mostly using her deck mounted missiles as well as support anti-submarine and surface actions with her embarked air group.
History.
"Novorossiysk" was laid down at the former Soviet Black Sea Shipyard in Mykolaiv, Ukraine on 30 September 1975, launched on 24 December 1978, commissioned on 12 September 1982, and decommissioned in June 1993. The third ship in her class she served in the Soviet Pacific Fleet.
In March 1985, the "Novorossiysk" and escorting battle group departed the Sea of Japan, sailed to the south of Okinawa and then west across the Pacific. After approximately eight days, the ships turned and headed northwest toward the Kuril Islands, simulating an enemy carrier strike against the Soviet Union. As the "Novorossiysk" approached the islands, about 700 miles east of Japan, Soviet Bear bombers flew reconnaissance missions near the battle group and helped vector some 20 Backfire bombers to their targets, practising the Soviet strategy of bomber launched anti-ship missile warfare. A U.S. Navy description of the "Novorossisysk" exercise notes that "The force was hit by simulated air strikes and probably by submarines firing torpedoes and cruise missiles from 1,120km east of Japan, on 14 April. They came at it with submarines and aircraft--everything they had."
In 1995 the "Novorossiysk" hulk, which had suffered a serious engine room fire, was sold for scrapping, and was broken up in 1997 at Pohang, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="18449779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449779" title="Green Grow the Lilacs (play)">
Green Grow the Lilacs (play)

Green Grow the Lilacs is a 1930 play by Lynn Riggs named for the popular folk song of the same name. It was performed 64 times on Broadway, opening on January 26, 1931 and closing March 21, 1931. It also played January 19, 1931 through January 24, 1931 at the National Theatre in Washington, D.C. It was produced by the Theatre Guild and directed by Herbert J. Biberman. Rather startlingly, the debonair, ultrasophisticated actor Franchot Tone portrayed cowboy Curly. June Walker was seen as his sweetheart Laurey. Tex Ritter sang four songs in the role of Cord Elam and was understudy for the lead part as Curly, though he never had occasion to perform in that role. Theatre Guild board member Helen Westley, who had appeared as Mrs. Muskat in the original Broadway production of Ferenc Molnár's "Liliom", played Aunt Eller. Lee Strasberg, later to become a renowned teacher of method acting, played the part of the Syrian peddler.
The play also toured the Midwest, and was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. 
It appeared at the Dallas Little Theatre during the week of March 7, 1932, and again in Dallas at the Festival of Southwestern Plays, on May 10, 1935. Although the 1943 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical play "Oklahoma!", which is based on the Riggs play, used a new score rather than the old folk songs in Riggs' work, the plot of "Green Grow The Lilacs" is almost identical, except for the ending, which unlike that of the musical, is left rather undecided as to Curly's trial for accidentally killing farmhand Jeeter (renamed Jud Fry in the musical). In addition, the cowboy Will Parker is only referred to in the original Riggs play; he does not actually appear in it. Therefore, the entire comic subplot involving the fifty dollars that Will must obtain in order to be able to marry Ado Annie is an invention of Hammerstein's.
"Green Grow the Lilacs" is today largely forgotten in its original form, while "Oklahoma!" remains one of the most acclaimed and popular American musicals ever written.
Setting.
Indian Territory, 1900s.
The front room of the Williams farmhouse, a June morning.
Laurey's bedroom.
The smoke house.
The porch of Old Man Peck's house, that night.
The hayfield, a month later.
The front room, three nights later.

</doc>
<doc id="18449780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449780" title="Frank Cosentino">
Frank Cosentino

Frank Cosentino (born May 22, 1937) was a quarterback in the Canadian Football League.
Cosentino was a graduate of the University of Western Ontario, where he captained the football team to the first Canadian Interuniversity Sport championship in 1959. As a professional he played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Edmonton Eskimos and the Toronto Argonauts of the CFL from 1960 to 1969. Cosentino's career was noteworthy in that he was one of the last Canadian quarterbacks to see significant playing time in the CFL.
During six years of teaching and coaching at the University of Western Ontario, his teams won the Vanier Cup in 1971 and 1974. From 1976 through 1981 he served at York University in Toronto as professor and chair of Physical Education and Athletics and retired from the university in 1997. Cosentino is also known for authoring several books on the history of sport in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18449789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449789" title="Itzhak Mamistvalov">
Itzhak Mamistvalov

Itzhak Mamistvalov is an Israeli Paralympic swimmer. Mamistvalov was born with cerebral palsy, and uses his right hand only when swimming. Classified S1, the class for swimmers with the most severe disabilities, he competes in S1 and S2 events.
Mamistvalov represented Israel at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, where he won two gold medals and one silver, and set two Paralympic records.
In August 2008, Mamistvalov was involved in a car accident. His car went off the road into a crowded bus stop and killed two people and also severely injured a third person, causing her to lose her right arm. Because of the accident he missed the 2008 Summer Paralympics. In July 2010 he was convicted of negligent homicide, but was spared of prison sentence because of his severe disability.
, Mamistvalov is IPC World Record holder in the S1 50m, 100m and 200m freestyle events.

</doc>
<doc id="18449792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449792" title="Stop Smiling">
Stop Smiling

Stop Smiling was an arts and culture magazine founded J.C. Gabel in the Chicago suburb of Darien, Illinois during the mid-1990s. Each issue followed a theme and consisted of feature-length interviews, essays and oral histories. With a focus on preservation, Stop Smiling published some of the last in-depth conversations with Kurt Vonnegut, Robert Altman, Lee Hazlewood and George Plimpton. The company ended the magazine in 2009 and became an independently-owned imprint of Melville House Publishing.
Stop Smiling runs a storefront event space in Wicker Park, Chicago. Readings and Q&As are regularly broadcast on Chicago Public Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="18449798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449798" title="New Hudson Motorcycles">
New Hudson Motorcycles

New Hudson Motorcycles was a British motorcycle manufacturer. Founded in 1903 by George Patterson in Birmingham, their first motorcycle was produced in 1902 but was unsuccessful. The New Hudson range expanded between 1910 and 1915 using JAP engines, then the factory joined the war effort until 1919. As well as side-valve and OHV single-cylinder engines of 350 to 600 cc, they also built a 211 cc two-stroke and a number of three-wheelers with MAG engines. In 1927 Bert le Vack broke the record at Brooklands on a 500 cc New Hudson.
The firm stopped motorcycle production in 1932 and changed their name to Girling Ltd – which still exists as a brake-component company. Bikes were made under the New Hudson name after the Second World War, when they became a subsidiary of Birmingham Small Arms Company (BSA) and manufactured successful autocycles until 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="18449814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449814" title="Dawn of Fantasy">
Dawn of Fantasy

Dawn of Fantasy is a massively multiplayer online real-time strategy (MMORTS) game set in a medieval high fantasy setting. The game was developed by Reverie World Studios for Microsoft Windows, an Xbox 360 version was initially planned but cancelled.
Design.
Dawn of Fantasy has three playable races: Men, Elves, and Orcs .The economy of Dawn of Fantasy revolves around four primary resources: food, wood, stone, and gold. Dragons and Dwarves were originally planned as playable races, but were cut due to a lack of resources. According to the developer, they are likely to be featured as playable races in a future expansion or sequel.
Single player.
Dawn of Fantasy has a number of single-player game modes including Kingdom Wars, Lay Siege, Castle Defense and Custom Scenarios.
Kingdom Wars
This is a dynamic conquer-the-world game mode where players capture other cities (in any order they choose) through battle or diplomacy while fending off AI attacks.
Players choose their Race (Humans, Elves or Orcs), choose their starting city (4 per race) and choose what campaign they wish to play:
Union War - conquer the other cities of your race to unit your realm
Realm War - start with your race's realm allied to you and conquer the other realms
Epic War - Start with one city and conquer the whole world
Lay Siege
In this skirmish mode, players lay siege to one of the 12 major cities of the game world, allowing them to perfect their attack strategies and hone their skills
Castle Defense
In this skirmish mode, players must defend one of the 12 major cities of the game world, allowing them to perfect their defensive strategies and hone their skills
Tutorials
Dawn of Fantasy includes several tutorial maps that provide players with an introduction to various game concepts, such as Constructing Buildings, Commanding Units, Gathering Resources and Siege Mechanics
Custom Scenarios
Players are able to design their own custom maps with the Scenario Editor. The Scenario Editor is the same tool used by the developers to create all the town, city and quest scenarios in the game and uses the easy-to-learn Lua scripting language.
Multiplayer.
Multiplayer action in Dawn of Fantasy takes place in the "Online Kingdom".
The Online Kingdom provides players with a persistent world where after having chosen their race (Human, Elf or Orc) and their starting region (3 per race), they are faced with the task of growing a small village into a mighty citadel as they battle other players for precious resources and complete quests in the service of Wizards, Kings and other adventurers.
While this is a multiplayer mode, players can choose to go solo and just do PvE quests or siege cities by themselves, but the real fun comes when players battle each other, complete quests together or join forces to lay siege to one of the major NPC cities.
Game Editor.
Dawn of Fantasy includes a scenario editor, which utilises the Lua script language.
In addition to the scenario editor the game includes a number of other tools including: a model animation viewer
Development.
Development of Dawn of Fantasy began in 2001 by a goup formed out of members of an scenario editing community, forming a team led by Micah Hymer, John Lockwood and Kristo Vaher. Originally intended as a medieval strategy game, the project was reinvented as a fantasy game in late 2002. As an independent studio for the vast majority of DoF's development, Reverie World Studios (originally, Reverie Entertainment) obtained funding from the Canadian Government's Telefilm Grant. Dawn of Fantasy was signed by Lighthouse Interactive, which filed bankruptcy shortly after the deal was made.
On September 1, 2012 game was submitted to Steam via Greenlight. On 30 November, Dawn of Fantasy become one of the first 50 titles to be voted onto Steam by the gaming public, when Valve announced the third set of games to receive the greenlight
The original audio score for Dawn of Fantasy was composed Joel Steudler and the game was made using the Mithrill game engine developed by John Lockwood.

</doc>
<doc id="18449815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449815" title="Governors Highway Safety Association">
Governors Highway Safety Association

GHSA, the Governors Highway Safety Association is a non-profit organization located in Washington, DC. Its members are the state highway safety offices of the 50 states, U.S. territories, and the Indian Nations. These offices administer federal funding for behavioral highway safety programs promoting safe driving, such as Click It or Ticket and Drunk Driving. Over the Limit. Under Arrest.
In 1966, Congress passed the Highway Safety Act. Section 402 of this act set up the structure of state highway safety programs to be administered by the designee of each governor. The following year, these governors’ representatives organized to form The National Conference of Governors' Highway Representatives. The organization’s name changed in 2002 to the Governors Highway Safety Association.
State highway safety programs are regulated by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, a branch of the U.S. Department of Transportation.
GHSA tracks information on current state highway safety laws, including cell phone and text messaging restrictions, seat belt laws, and drunk driving penalties. When analyzing road safety, it looks to "whether states have enacted proven safety enhancements such as motorcycle helmet laws and primary seat belt laws, which allow police to stop motorists solely for being unbuckled."
External links.
GHSA official website

</doc>
<doc id="18449837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449837" title="Whitwick railway station">
Whitwick railway station

Whitwick railway station was built by the Charnwood Forest Company, serving the Charnwood Forest Railway, and was officially opened with the rest of the completed line on 16 April 1883. Following the closure of passenger traffic (aside from a few specials and other organised events) in 1931, the station building became a blacksmiths. Following total line closure in 1963, the history of the building is more difficult to chart. However, it is apparent that the waiting rooms and other facilities on platform level were demolished. In the mid-1970s the Whitwick Historical Group was created, with the old station building becoming their home.
The building is situated close to the village's Market Place, which is essentially the centre of the village, on North Street. 
The trackbed between Coalville (starting at Morrisons) and Whitwick (terminating just past Whitwick Station) has been turned into a public right of way. This passes the station building and the remains of the platform, which sadly, although intact, is overgrown and unkempt. The original staircase which gave passengers access from the road above to the platform was kept in use until the 1990s, however following persistent vandalism and worries over the structure's safety, the decision was taken to demolish it. All that remains now is the landing at the road entrance.
Whitwick Historical Group.
The group now using the station building have repainted it into its former Midland Red and Cream colours. The interior however is much changed, with the downstairs rooms now being a kitchenette and a dedicated computer room. The main function of this room is to help people trace their family trees with the numerous census materials available. Upstairs, the room contains microfilm and microfiche readers. Unfortunately, due to the group being made up of mainly ex-local miners, the group places little emphasis on the Charnwood Forest Line, other than a few photographs.

</doc>
<doc id="18449859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449859" title="To Althea, from Prison">
To Althea, from Prison

To Althea, from Prison is a romantic poem written by Richard Lovelace in 1642. The poem is one of Lovelace's best-known works, and its final stanza's first line ("Stone walls do not a prison make, Nor iron bars a cage") is often quoted. Lovelace wrote the poem while imprisoned in Gatehouse Prison for petitioning to have the Clergy Act 1640 annulled.
Althea's identity is unknown. "She may even have been a product of Lovelace's imagination. However, evidence suggests she was a woman named Lucy Sacheverell."
The poem is quoted in the sixth chapter of Charlotte Brontë's novel "Villette", and may have inspired the scenario of Emily Brontë's much-admired poem "The Prisoner".
Recordings.
The poem has been set to music by the British folk group Fairport Convention and features on their album "Nine". It has also been recorded by the folk group Three Pressed Men on their first album "Daddy Fox".

</doc>
<doc id="18449865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449865" title="Cobalt(II,III) oxide">
Cobalt(II,III) oxide

Cobalt(II,III) oxide is inorganic compound with the formula Co3O4. It is one of two well characterized cobalt oxides. It is a black antiferromagnetic solid. As a mixed valence compound, its formula is sometimes written as CoIICoIII2O4 and sometimes as CoO.Co2O3.
Structure.
Co3O4 adopts the normal spinel structure, with Co2+ ions in tetrahedral interstices and Co3+ ions in the octahedral interstices of the cubic close-packed lattice of oxide anions.
Synthesis.
Cobalt(II) oxide, CoO, converts to Co3O4 if heated to around 600-700 °C in air. Above 900 °C, CoO is stable. These reaction are described by the following equilibrium:
Research.
This inorganic compound is currently utilized in the process of artificial photosynthesis.
Safety.
Cobalt compounds are potentially poisonous in large amounts.

</doc>
<doc id="18449868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449868" title="Bavarian C IV">
Bavarian C IV

The C IV was a steam locomotive, that was manufactured between 1884 and 1897 for the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn"). Between 1884 and 1893 a total of 87 units two-cylinder, saturated steam engines were delivered. They were followed by two compound engines in 1889 for testing and then 98 more compounds from 1892 to 1897. The locomotives, which for the first time did not have the external frames typical in Bavaria up to that time, were soon no longer equal to the demands made on them. In spite of that, many were taken over by the Deutsche Reichsbahn, designated as Class 53.80-81 and allocated the operating numbers 53 8011 to 8064 and 53 8081 to 8168. The two-cylinder engines were retired by 1926, the compound variants in this class by 1931.
The original locomotives were equipped with Bavarian 3 T 10.2 tenders; the compound engines had Bavarian 3 T 10.5 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18449871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449871" title="Howe family (United States politicians)">
Howe family (United States politicians)

The Howe family is a family of politicians from the United States. Below is a list of members.
NOTE: Thomas Marshall Howe's fourth cousin, Persis, was also wife of Massachusetts State Representative Amos Sawyer. Jonas Howe's third cousin, Lovisa, was also wife of New Hampshire State Representative Jacob Rice. George W. Guthrie was also son of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Mayor John B. Guthrie.

</doc>
<doc id="18449878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449878" title="Bill Crowley (baseball)">
Bill Crowley (baseball)

William Michael "Bill" Crowley (April 18, 1857 – July 14, 1891) was an American Major League Baseball player who played mainly as an outfielder from to . He played for the Philadelphia White Stockings, Louisville Grays, Buffalo Bisons, Boston Red Caps/Beaneaters, Philadelphia Athletics, and Cleveland Blues.
Bill died at the of 34 of Bright's disease in Gloucester, New Jersey, and is interred at St. Mary's Cemetery in Bellmawr, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="18449881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449881" title="Mike Burney">
Mike Burney

Mike Burney (born 1 November 1944 in Great Barr, Birmingham, England) is a jazz saxophonist, most notable for his tenure in Roy Wood's Wizzard.
Early life.
Burney was born in the Great Barr area of Birmingham, and educated at Bromsgrove College of Further Education.
Career.
Between 1968 and 1970, Burney was in Billy Fury's backing band. Following this, he was a member of Wizzard, playing on records such as "I Wish It Could Be Christmas Everyday". He also wrote its b-side, "Rob Roy's Nightmare (A Bit More H.A.)".
More recently, he worked with the Million-Airs Big Band & Concert Orchestra and spent eight years with The Syd Lawrence Orchestra. He is currently working on a joint project with other Wizzard members called "The Old Horns Band". He currently has a residency at Miller & Carter in Sutton Coldfield.
Session and live work.
Burney has toured, accompanied and sessioned with artists such as Chaka Khan, The Beach Boys, Sammy Davis, Jr., Petula Clark, Memphis Slim, Steve Winwood, Ruby Turner, Adam Faith, Bob Hope, Cliff Richard, Cilla Black, Dionne Warwick and Matt Monro; covering a range of blues, jazz and big band genres.

</doc>
<doc id="18449890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449890" title="Quest for the Mighty Sword">
Quest for the Mighty Sword

Quest for the Mighty Sword (aka "Ator 4") is the fourth and final film in the Ator film series, although it is regarded as the third film by the series' creator, Joe D'Amato, who disowned "" which was the only film in the series not directed by D'Amato. 
Joe D'Amato was reportedly displeased with Brescia's approach to his character, and so re-took control of the franchise in 1988. In 1990, D'Amato released the final Ator film, "Quest for the Mighty Sword", which featured the adventures of the Son of Ator. It was released in Europe and the United States under a variety of titles including: "Ator III: The Hobgoblin" (indicating D'Amato's personal disregard for the previous film), "Ator 4: Quest for the Mighty Sword", and "Hobgoblin". Here, Eric Allan Kramer plays the son of Ator (who has been killed at the start of this film); this is the only film in the series not to feature Miles O'Keeffe in the role.
"Fans" of D'Amato often note that the "hobgoblin" from this film is a reused goblin suit from "Troll 2".
In some communities, The film is also known as "Troll 3" despite another film also known as "Troll 3" having the same name and co-directed by D'Amato.
Synopsis.
When Ator is killed, many years later his son looks for his sword.
Rating.
The film was rated PG-13 in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="18449902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449902" title="Kate Siegel">
Kate Siegel

Kate Gordon Siegel (born Kate Gordon Siegelbaum; August 9, 1982) is an American actress.
Early life.
Siegel was born Kate Gordon Siegelbaum in Silver Spring, Maryland, to Paul Siegelbaum and Laura Siegelbaum. Siegel attended high school at St. Andrew's Episcopal School in Potomac where she performed on and off the stage. She continued to act at Syracuse University, where she graduated in 2004 with a +Bachelor of Fine Arts in acting.
Career.
From a young age, Siegel knew she wanted to act. Her stage debut came at seven years old in a student production at Montgomery College, where she played the granddaughter, Debbie, in "The Days of Wine and Roses". Siegel credits her role as Veruca Salt in "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" at The Montgomery Playhouse as the catalyst for making her want to pursue acting as a career.
At St. Andrew's, she played Abigail in "The Crucible" which earned her positive reviews in local papers, including "The Washington Post". On stage at Syracuse University, Siegel performed in such roles as Bianca in "Taming of the Shrew", Ruth in "Moonchildren", and Gabrielle in "The Wedding Party". It was during her junior year in college that she landed her first leading film role in an independent film called "Mere Circumstance" playing the role of Kristine.
After college, Siegel returned to Washington, D.C. where she dedicated herself to the professional theater scene working at such companies as The Folger Theater ("Romeo and Juliet") and Washington Shakespeare Company, where she played Lavinia in a well-reviewed production of "Titus Andronicus".
After a year in D.C., Siegel moved to Los Angeles, California where she started working in film and TV. She started in a small role on "The OC" and by October 2006 she booked her first lead in the feature horror film "The Curse of the Black Dahlia". Upon establishing herself in the film industry, Siegel moved on to bigger roles with more notable actors. In April 2007, she was cast in strong supporting role as Jenn in "Towards Darkness" ("Hacia la Oscuridad") with America Ferrara. Also in 2007, Kyle Schickner, director of "Steam", cast Siegel, who is openly Bisexual, to play the role of Elizabeth, a college student who discovers she is a lesbian and comes out to her Catholic parents, alongside Ruby Dee and Ally Sheedy.
Her next projects included a pilot for National Lampoon’s Sorority Entertainment Update and playing Helena in "A Midsummer Night's Dream" at the Tennessee Shakespeare Festival in July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18449916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449916" title="SC (complexity)">
SC (complexity)

In computational complexity theory, SC (Steve's Class, named after Stephen Cook) is the complexity class of problems solvable by a deterministic Turing machine in polynomial time (class P) and polylogarithmic space (class PolyL) (that is, O((log "n")k) space for some constant "k"). It may also be called DTISP(poly, polylog), where DTISP stands for "deterministic time and space". Note that the definition of SC differs from P formula_1 PolyL, since for the former, it is required that the algorithm runs in both polynomial time and polylogarithmic space; while for the latter, two separate algorithms will suffice: one that runs in polynomial time, and another which runs in polylogarithmic space. (It is unknown whether SC and P formula_1 PolyL are equivalent).
DCFL, the strict subset of context-free languages recognized by deterministic pushdown automata, is contained in SC, as shown by Cook in 1979.
It is open if directed st-connectivity is in SC, although it is known to be in P formula_1 PolyL (because of a DFS algorithm and Savitch's theorem). This question is equivalent to NL ⊆ SC.
RL and BPL are classes of problems acceptable by probabilistic Turing machines in logarithmic space and polynomial time. Noam Nisan showed in 1992 the weak derandomization result that both are contained in SC. In other words, given "polylogarithmic" space, a deterministic machine can simulate "logarithmic" space probabilistic algorithms.

</doc>
<doc id="18449921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449921" title="Tsulukidze (family)">
Tsulukidze (family)

The Tsulukidze () are a Georgian noble family, known in the western part of the country since 1451. According to a traditional account, they were elevated to a princely dignity (tavadi) by King George III of Imereti in 1605.
Under the western Georgian kings of Imereti, the Tsulukidze served as Constables of Lower Imereti and had a fiefdom in Racha, with a familial burial ground at the Nikortsminda Cathedral. The Tsulukidze were involved in a series of civil wars which plagued Imereti until the eventual annexation by the Russian Empire in 1810. The family was confirmed as princes (knyaz) of the Russian Empire in 1850. 
The Tsulukidze family produced several notable political and military leaders from the 17th century into the 20th, including General Varden Tsulukidze and the Marxist revolutionary Alexander Tsulukidze.

</doc>
<doc id="18449922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449922" title="Northwestern State Demons and Lady Demons">
Northwestern State Demons and Lady Demons

The Northwestern State University athletic teams go by the Demons, with women's athletic teams generally called the Lady Demons, and its mascot is Vic the Demon. Once a member of the celebrated SIAA conference, the school now competes in the Southland Conference. 
"Fork 'em" is a hand gesture and slogan used by students at Northwestern State University in their celebration of sports teams. The gesture is performed by curling the ring and middle fingers under the thumb against the palm, and extending the pinky and index fingers – identical in fashion to the University of Texas "Hook 'em Horns" gesture.
On March 17, 2006, NSU's 14th-seeded basketball team shocked the college basketball world by defeating 3rd-seeded, 11th-ranked, Big Ten Conference tournament champion Iowa in the first round of the 2006 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament on a late three-pointer by Jermaine Wallace. NSU was the lowest-seeded team to advance to the second round in 2006. NSU's men's basketball team also won the inaugural play-in game, beating the Winthrop University Eagles 71–67 in 2001 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament to advance to the 16th-seeded spot. In doing so, the Demons became the first #16 seed to earn a victory in the NCAA Tournament.
NSU also has the distinction of being the only NCAA division IAA/FCS member to have 2 NFL rookies of the year. In 1981, Delaney, running back for the Kansas City Chiefs, was awarded the AFC Rookie of the year by UPI. In 1988, Stephens, another former Demon running back, of the New England Patriots, was named Offensive/AFC Rookie of the year. No other 4-year institution in the state of Louisiana has more than one. The pair of awards is more than won by Ohio State, Texas A&M and UCLA.
Varsity teams.
Northwestern State sponsors 12 varsity athletic teams, 5 men's teams and 7 women's teams.
Men's sports
Women's sports
Battle for Chief Caddo.
Each season, Stephen F. Austin State University of Nacogdoches, Texas and Northwestern State play for the country's largest football trophy. In 1961, longtime rivals SFA and Northwestern State decided to award the winner of the game a trophy, the game was won by Northwestern State University. According to the stipulations of that particular match, the loser would have to present the winner with a tree chopped down from a nearby forest.
In March 1962, the Lumberjacks of SFA in Nacogdoches, Texas, presented NSU with a black gum tree trunk from the SFA campus from which a statue was to be carved. The black gum tree weighed over a ton and was thirty inches in diameter. An Indian statue, Chief Caddo, was chosen because of the historic founding of Natchitoches, Louisiana and Nacogdoches, Texas by Indian tribes. Natchitoches means chinquapin eaters and Nacogdoches means persimmon eaters. It was carved by Harold Greene in Logansport and required over 200 hours of labor. The name “Chief Indian Caddo” was selected in honor of the ancient federation of Caddo Indian tribes, which once inhabited the northern Louisiana area. The final painting of the statue was done at Northwestern. The finished product stands around 7.6 feet tall and weighs about 320 pounds. The first game for Chief Caddo was September 15, 1962. Northwestern won 23–6. Tradition has it that the winner of the annual NSU and SFA football game keeps Chief Caddo on their respective campus. Currently, Chief Caddo is the largest college football trophy in the nation.
On November 23, 2013, the NSU Demons brought home the "Chief Caddo" trophy after a 40 to 27 win over the Stephen F. Austin Lumberjacks.
Fight song.
Listen to the fight song here.
"Go ye Demons take the field"
"Northwestern Demons never yield"
"Fight Demons win tonight"
"Victory is on our side"
"(Go, Fight, Win)"
"Purple and White shall ever reign"
"Filling the air with battle strain"
"So, Demons forever stand"
"And fight for dear old Demonland!"
"HEY!"
Lyrics by Larry D. Powell, MD

</doc>
<doc id="18449931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449931" title="Seweryn Krajewski">
Seweryn Krajewski

Seweryn Krajewski (born 3 January 1947 in Nowa Sól, Poland) is a Polish singer and songwriter who rose to fame in the 1960s and 70s with the popular Polish band Czerwone Gitary. After leaving the group in 1997, he recorded several solo albums.
He has written songs for many popular Polish singers including Irena Jarocka, Maryla Rodowicz, Urszula Sipińska, Zdzisława Sośnicka, Edyta Geppert and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="18449990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449990" title="Christian Sagna">
Christian Sagna


</doc>
<doc id="18449994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449994" title="Tomislav Maretić">
Tomislav Maretić

Tomislav Maretić (October 13, 1854 – January 15, 1938) was a Croatian linguist and lexicographer.
He was born in Virovitica, where he attended primary school and the gymnasium in Varaždin, Požega and Zagreb. After graduating simultaneously Slavistics and Classical Philology at the Philosophical Faculty of the University of Zagreb in a three-year program, he passes his teacher exam for high-school teaching of Ancient Greek and Latin as primary, and Croatian as a secondary course. In 1877 he works as a probationary, and since 1880 as an assistant teacher in Velika gimnazija in Zagreb. He received his Ph.D. in 1884 in Slavistics and philosophy with the thesis "O nekim pojavama kvantitete i akcenta u jeziku hrvatskom ili srpskom" ('On some changes of quantity and accent in Croatian or Serbian language'). He further specialized in postdoctoral studies in the neogrammarian centers of Leipzig and Prague.
He was appointed professor extraordinarius for "Slavic philology with particular emphasis on
Croatian and Serbian history of language and literature" in 1886 (since 1890 ordinary professor and JAZU member). In 1892 at the electional list of Magyar unionist party he was elected as a representative of Gospić, and since 1900 of Slunj kotar. In the period 1915 - 1918 he served as the president of JAZU, and twice as the head of he philological-historical class of the Academy, first from 1906–1913, then a second time from 1919-1928.
As a gymnasium student he published short literary works (signing as "Tomislav"). In the 1880s he focused on Croatian orthography and alphabet issues, having published a few papers on it (the study ""Historija hrvatskoga pravopisa latinskijem slovima"") in which he was laying foundations for the acceptance of phonologically-based orthography. At the end of 19th century he published two grammars: the "academic" (""Gramatika i stilistika hrvatskoga ili srpskoga književnog jezika"") and gymnasium (""Gramatika hrvatskoga jezika za niže razrede srednjih škola"", both in 1899) version, in which he completely directed grammatical norm of the Croatian literary language towards Neoštokavian. Those two grammars represent the final confrontation with the competing conception of standard language advocated by Zagreb philological school. Beside Ivan Broz, he was among the first Shtokavian purists.
In 1907 he became editor of the massive dictionary compiled by the Academy, and until his death (from the lexeme "maslo" up to the lexeme "pršutina") he has edited approximately 5 500 pages which makes him one of the most prolific Croatian lexicographers. He studied the language of Slavonian and Dalmatian writers and folk epics. He translated works from Polish, Latin and Ancient Greek, and some of the most well-known Croatian translations of the world's literature classics (Mickiewicz, Ovid, Virgil, Homer) are his work. In order to translate the classics he formed accentual hexameter which Petar Skok called ""Maretić's life's work"". By his beliefs Maretić is a Croatian Vukovian, the advocate of the Croatian and Serbian linguistic unity and phonological orthography, idealizer of the ""pure people's language"" and of exclusively (Neo-)Štokavian basis of the Croatian standard language.
By analysing Maretić's linguistic activity with a century-long detachment, a few points tend to crystallize: Maretić's credit for the scientific (according to the contemporary insights) analysis of Neoštokavian dialect system, writing the best grammar of standard language completely in accordance with that system, and numerous translations and editing of the Academy's dictionary have indebted Croatian culture for years to come. Therefore, it's ironical to say that Maretić's contributions (which are essential ingredients of the modern Croatian standard language) are simultaneously a part of Croatian literary language, but, looking from the perspective of Maretić's language viewpoints - have been completely discarded. Namely, the school of Croatian Vukovians, with Maretić as a foremost proponent, had several central points of advocation, three of which can be selected:
Those three elements alone, much more than individual orthographical or accentological solutions, distinguish standard Serbian from standard Croatian - and since Maretić was language unitarist, those three characteristics were obstacles he strived to eliminate as much as he could.
He died in Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="18449999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18449999" title="Islah, Qalqilya">
Islah, Qalqilya


</doc>
<doc id="18450005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450005" title="Zalawad Airport">
Zalawad Airport

The another name of this airport is Sardarsinh Rana Airport, this name is arrived from the name of Sardarsinh Rana, a great freedom fighter of India who belonged to Surendranagar and was living at Paris, France.
This time the terminal of airport is not built in Surendranagar, but the land for the airport is situated between Urban areas of Surendranagar named Wadhwan and Mulchand.
Future Airport will built there, probably after converting the municipality into Municipal Corporation of Surendranagar.

</doc>
<doc id="18450018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450018" title="Mansion House, Newport">
Mansion House, Newport

The Mansion House was the official residence of the Mayor of Newport, South Wales until 2009. In addition to being the Mayor's official residence, it also offered hospitality and accommodation to official visitors to the city from overseas.
In 2010 plans were approved to convert the Mansion House for use as a Register office and it duly opened in July 2011 after a major refurbishment.
History.
The present grounds of the Mansion House were bought in four lots by John Liscombe, Leather Merchant and Sadler of Commercial Street, Newport, between 1886 and 1889. He built the House in the early 1890s and used it as his personal residence until his death in November 1914. John Liscombe was Mayor of Newport in 1905 and his portrait can be seen at the bottom of the stairs in the hall. The portrait was given to the Mansion House by the original Leather Merchants and Sadlers firm which still operates in Newport.
After a period of ownership by Sir Abraham Garrod Thomas of Clytha Park, the House was bought by Newport Corporation in March 1939 for £3,250 for use as Judge’s Lodgings. Until 1940 the Monmouthshire Assizes were held at Monmouth, some 25 miles from Newport via a slow winding road. The Quarter Sessions were held at the Sessions House, Usk some 11 miles from Newport. As most of the business for Assizes and Quarter Sessions were provided by the inhabitants of Newport, there was much complaint about the inconvenience to witnesses and the legal profession of the Courts being located at Monmouth and Usk.
In 1936 Newport Corporation decided to build a new Civic Centre. At the time Newport had its own police force and was also responsible for providing Magistrates' Courts. It was therefore decided to add two Crown Courts to the Clytha Park Road wing of the new building in order to enable the Assizes and Quarter Sessions to be held in Newport.
A condition of the consent of the Lord Chancellor to this proposal was that Newport should provide Judges Lodgings, and this was the reason for the purchase of the Mansion House. Arrangements were made at the time of the purchase of the Mansion House for it to be used by the Mayor during the times in which it was not required by the Judges.
The Courts Act 1971 abolished Assizes and Quarter Sessions and introduced the present scheme of Crown Courts. The Government included a clause in one of the Schedules to the Courts Act to the effect that local authorities would cease to be under obligation to provide Judges' Lodgings after January 1975.
Newport Council therefore gave the Lord Chancellor’s Department notice that the Mansion House would not be available for the Judges after January 1975. From 1975 until 2009, it was used exclusively by the Council as the official residence of the Mayor. It was refurbished in 2011 and re-opened as the City's Register office in July of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18450031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450031" title="List of Broward College alumni">
List of Broward College alumni

This list of Broward College alumni includes graduates, non-graduate former students and current students of Broward College, a state college in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="18450033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450033" title="Shanghai Lixin University of Commerce">
Shanghai Lixin University of Commerce

Shanghai Lixin University of Commerce () was founded in 1928 by the renowned accounting expert Pan Xulun.
Campus.
Its main campus was located on West Zhongshan Rd in Shanghai. In 2003 the campus was moved to the Songjiang District in the southwest of Songjiang University Town. It is adjacent to the six universities Shanghai International Studies University; Donghua University; Shanghai Institute of Foreign Trade; Shanghai University of Engineering Sciences; Shanghai Institute of Visual Art and East China University of Politics and Law.

</doc>
<doc id="18450034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450034" title="Multicritical point">
Multicritical point

Multicritical points are special points in the parameter space of thermodynamic or 
other systems with a continuous phase transition. At least two thermodynamic or other 
parameters must be adjusted to reach a multicritical point. At a multicritical point the 
system belongs to a universality class different from the "normal" universality class. 
A more detailed definition requires concepts from the theory of critical phenomena, 
a branch of physics that reached a very satisfying state in the 1970s. 
Definition.
The union of all the points of the parameter space for which the system is critical is 
called a critical manifold. 
As an example consider a substance ferromagnetic below a 
transition temperature formula_1, and paramagnetic above formula_2. The parameter space here is 
the temperature axis, and the critical manifold consists of the point formula_2. Now add 
hydrostatic pressure formula_4 to the parameter space. Under hydrostatic pressure the substance 
normally still becomes ferromagnetic below a temperature formula_1(formula_4). 
This leads to a 
critical curve in the (formula_7) plane - a formula_8-dimensional critical manifold. Also taking into account
shear stress formula_9 as a thermodynamic parameter leads to a critical surface formula_2(formula_11) in the 
(formula_12) parameter space - a formula_13-dimensional critical manifold. 
Critical manifolds of dimension formula_14 and formula_15 may have physically reachable borders of dimension 
formula_16 which in turn may have borders of dimension formula_17. The system still is critical at 
these borders. However, criticality terminates for good reason, and the points on the 
borders normally belong to another universality class than the universality class realized 
within the critical manifold. All the points on the border of a critical manifold are 
multicritical points.
Instead of terminating somewhere critical manifolds also may branch or intersect.
The points on the intersections or branch lines also are multicritical points.
At least two parameters must be adjusted to reach a multicritical point.
A formula_13-dimensional critical manifold may have two formula_8-dimensional borders intersecting at a point. Two parameters must be adjusted to reach such a border, three parameters must be adjusted to reach the intersection of the two borders. A system of this type represents up to four universality classes: one within the critical manifold, two on the borders and one on the intersection of the borders.
The gas-liquid critical point is not multicritical, because the phase transition at 
the vapour pressure curve formula_4(formula_21) is discontinuous and the critical manifold thus consists of a single point. 
Examples.
Tricritical Point and Multicritical Points of Higher Order.
To reach a tricritical point the parameters must be tuned in such a way that the renormalized counterpart of the formula_22-term of the Hamiltonian vanishes. A well-known experimental realization is found in the mixture of Helium-3 and Helium-4.
Lifshitz Point.
To reach a Lifshitz point the parameters must be tuned in such a way that the renormalized counterpart of the formula_23-term of the Hamiltonian vanishes. Consequently, at the Lifshitz point phases of uniform and modulated order meet the disordered phase. An experimental example is the magnet
MnP. A Lifshitz point is realized in a prototypical way in the ANNNI model.
Lifshitz Tricritical Point.
This multicritical point is simultaneously tricritical and Lifshitz. Three parameters must be adjusted to reach
a Lifshitz tricritical point. Such a point has been discussed to occur in non-stochiometric ferroelectrics.
Renormalization Group.
The renormalization group provides a detailed and quantitative explanation of critical phenomena.

</doc>
<doc id="18450035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450035" title="Victoria Park Stadium">
Victoria Park Stadium

The Victoria Park Stadium is soccer venue located in Brampton, Ontario and is home to Brampton United of the Canadian Soccer League. It is home to the most meticulous well groomed field in the Peel Halton area.

</doc>
<doc id="18450040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450040" title="Muchadeyi Masunda">
Muchadeyi Masunda

Muchadeyi Masunda is a Zimbabwean business and politician. He was the mayor of Harare, the capital city of Zimbabwe, elected in 2008.
As chairman of 12 companies and director of two, the 59-year old is also well known in Zimbabwean cricket, golf and tennis. He is a member of the Court of Arbitration for Sport based in Switzerland.
Election.
A prominent businessman and lawyer, Masunda was elected unanimously by the Harare council on 2 July 2008 for a five-year term after Emmanuel Chiroto, an MDC member who was previously elected executive mayor by the MDC-majority council on 15 June, voluntarily stood down from the mayoralty and accepted the position of deputy mayor, after allegations that his wife was captured and tortured by Zanu-PF youth. Masunda is the first non-MDC member to take office as mayor since before the election of Elias Mudzuri in 2002, and chooses not to be associated with any political party.
Associated Newspapers of Zimbabwe.
Masunda was chief executive officer for Associated Newspapers of Zimbabwe (ANZ), the parent company of "The Daily News", which was controversially banned by the government even after the court ruled that the newspaper should be allowed to resume operations. Critics, such as Masunda himself, claim that this is a clear attack on press freedom in Zimbabwe although the government claims that ANZ broke Zimbabwean investment laws, as claimed by "The Herald" from information supplied by the Zimbabwe Investment Center (ZIC). Masunda claimed that: "The police are simply trying to build up a fraud case on the basis of false information supplied by the ZIC and reports published in "The Herald"."
Non-executive mayor.
Masunda's role as the first non-executive mayor, since the recent abolition of the executive mayor by the Zimbabwe Urban Councils Act prevents him from taking part in the running of the council. Instead he will be chairing all full council meetings, as well as civic functions. The new mayor will also no longer occupy Harare's mayoral mansion, and will conduct from an office in Town House. This is one of many reforms agreed to by Zanu-PF and the two Movement for Democratic Change factions (MDC-T and MDC-M) after the Southern African Development Community negotiations, offering a more ceremonial mayor. The current mayoral system involves the elected council choosing the mayor, rather than a direct mayoral election. He supports the return of the ceremonial mayor, stating that: "you cannot have two bulls – and executive mayor and a town clerk." He also claims that this is one of the failings of European and American governments, which he claims is an "unmitigated disaster".
Policies.
Masunda has no political experience in any party, and therefore does not openly support the ruling Zanu-PF or either MDC faction, although reportedly being encouraged to stand by Morgan Tsvangirai of the main MDC faction. He believes that both parties should ignore their different political stances to improve Harare, and restore its status as the "sunshine city" and is willing to hold talks with both parties. Masunda claims he does not wish to be connected to any political party, as it would give a bad impression of him as a lawyer, who defends people regardless of race or political orientation.
Masunda has stated that he will use his business connections to improve the service delivery of the city, such as water provision, roads, grass cutting, traffic and streetlights, and refuse collection. He has also divided the city's issues "soft" issues such as the repairing of pavements and cleaning of house fronts, concerning the owners of houses and their tenants, as well as the more important issues of water, traffic, and streetlights.
He plans to transfer the management of water from the company Zinwa back to the council, by engaging in talks with Zinwa and the government. He claims this is a necessity because the company had not been fulfilling its mandate to supply water to Harare.

</doc>
<doc id="18450059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450059" title="30th meridian east">
30th meridian east

The meridian 30° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Turkey, Africa, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 30th meridian east forms a great circle with the 150th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 30th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18450064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450064" title="Tarek Amer">
Tarek Amer

Amer previously played for the Romanian teams FC Gloria Buzău and CF Brăila. His first goal for CF Brăila was in a humiliation against FC Botoşani,score 1-5 on 30 April 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18450068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450068" title="Anse-à-Galets">
Anse-à-Galets

Anse-à-Galets (Creole: "Ansagalèt") is a municipality in the La Gonâve Arrondissement, an island of Haiti located to the west-northwest of Port-au-Prince in the Gulf of Gonâve, in the Ouest Department of Haiti. It is the largest city on the island and has 52,662 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18450074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450074" title="Changhua Coastal Industrial Park">
Changhua Coastal Industrial Park

Changhua Coastal Industrial Park (Traditional Chinese: 彰化濱海工業區) is located in the seacoast of Changhua County of Taiwan. It is a relatively newer industrial cluster in Taiwan, it has many different industries such as food production, spinning, chemical industries and metal processors. 

</doc>
<doc id="18450094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450094" title="Valkyre (band)">
Valkyre (band)

Valkyre is a Belgian-based female-fronted symphonic-gothic metal band founded by guitarist Kris Scheerlinck subsequent to his departure from Sengir.
History.
Valkyre' was formed at the end of 2004 and the beginning of 2005 by Kris Scheerlinck after leaving his former band Sengir. The band consists of different well-trained musicians coming from different styles of music but with the same common interest: melodic atmospheric metal.
Only a few months after the first gigs the band decided in the autumn of 2005 to record a demo at the Excess studio in the Netherlands with Hans Pieters known for his work with After Forever, Epica and Gorefest. This demo is for sale since the spring of 2006 and resulted in excellent sales worldwide and successful concerts through Benelux, France and Italy. 
In 2007 the band hired Cid Jimenez as the new violin player to replace Joris Derder, who left because of a shortage of time due to his professional musical career. He still supports the band today with the Ghent University Choir. 
In September 2007 the band recorded its second demo "Consolamentum", at the Excess studio. The demo was first released at the Metal Female Voices Fest in October 2007 and was immediately sold out. In November 2007 lead singer Mieke Diependael decided she wanted to give another direction to her life. Mieke's last concert was the Darkfest in Italie in feb08.
In March 2008 Valkyre welcomed Kristell Lowagie (ex-Skeptical Minds) as new lead singer, but she left the band in January 2009.
Style.
Valkyre's style can be described as a mixture of gothic metal,classical music, folk music and melodic metal.

</doc>
<doc id="18450096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450096" title="Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Greece participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 with the song "This Is Our Night" sung by Sakis Rouvas. The Greek national television broadcaster Ellinikí Radiofonía Tileórasi (ERT) announced that it had internally selected Rouvas to represent Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest on July 15, 2008, making Greece the first country to pick an artist for the 2009 edition.
After choosing the artist, ERT set up a national final held on February 18, 2009 to select the song. Rouvas sang three candidate songs, all with music written by Dimitris Kontopoulos, and "This Is Our Night" was declared the winner, gaining a large majority of the votes. Following the selection of the song, Rouvas began a promotional tour around Europe and appeared on many shows, including the selections for other countries participating in the Contest.
At the second semi-final of the Contest on May 14, Greece qualified for the final after coming in fourth place with 110 points. At the May 16 final, Rouvas presented "This Is Our Night" eighth out of 25 and at the end of voting, was awarded seventh place, marking Greece's sixth consecutive top 10 placing since 2004.
Background.
Prior to the 2009 Contest, Greece had participated in the Eurovision Song Contest twenty-nine times since its first entry in 1974, winning it in 2005 with the song "My Number One" performed by Elena Paparizou, and being placed third three times: in 2001 with the song "Die for You" performed by the duo Antique; in 2004 with "Shake It" performed by Sakis Rouvas; and the 2008 entry "Secret Combination" performed by Kalomoira. Following the introduction of the semi-finals for the 2004 contest, Greece has had a top ten placing each year. Greece's least successful result was in 1998 when it placed twentieth with the song "Mia Krifi Evesthisia" by Thalassa, receiving only twelve points in total, all from Cyprus.
The Greek national broadcaster, Ellinikí Radiofonía Tileórasi (ERT) broadcasts the event in Greece each year and organizes the selection process for its entry. From 2004 to 2006, ERT had selected high-profile artists internally and set up national finals to choose the song, while in 2007 and 2008 it held a televised national final to choose both the song and performer. For the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest, ERT was able to secure a high-profile artist once again and planned a national final to choose the song.
Before Eurovision.
Selection process.
Announced in July 2008, Sakis Rouvas represented Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. This was Rouvas' second appearance at Eurovision as a performer, and third overall. In 2004, he represented Greece with "Shake It", placing third, and in 2006, he hosted the Eurovision Song Contest in Athens alongside Maria Menounos. Johnny Kalimeris, Eurovision project manager for ERT stated that they had announced Rouvas' participation so early because they had ""already agreed with Sakis Rouvas so there was no reason to keep it a secret that it was about to leak they decided to make a short announcement early on to avoid the usual speculations and rumors which could do more damage than good"".
As in 2005 and 2006, when ERT also picked the artist internally, a national final was organized where three potential entries would be heard in playback and voted on via televoting/SMS and "expert" jury voting weighted at 60% and 40% respectively. On October 14, 2008, ERT held a press conference to officially present Rouvas as the entrant for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. It was also announced that Dimitris Kontopoulos will be the only composer to submit songs. Another press conference followed on February 12, 2009 where ERT presented the three potential entries to the media.
The songs.
The public along with an "expert" jury had three songs to choose from, all composed by Dimitris Kontopoulos. All three songs were choreographed by Fokas Evagelinos. Responding to a question about the style of the song, asked by a reporter in the October 14 press conference, Rouvas answered that he trusted in Dimitris Kontopoulos, and that Kontopoulos had written many hits for him and knew what style of songs that fit Rouvas the best.
On February 10, 2009, two days ahead of the song press conference, song titles and lyricists were revealed to the media. Alexandra Zakka wrote the lyrics for the first song, titled "Out of control", a pop song with R&B elements, while Craig Porteils and Cameron Giles-Webb wrote the lyrics for both "Right on time", a mid-tempo song with rock elements, and "This is our night", an dance song. Craig Porteils is a Greek Australian music producer who has written songs and lyrics for Cher, Billy Idol, Tevin Campbell, Guns N' Roses, Rod Stewart, and Ozzy Osbourne among others, while Cameron Giles-Webb is another Greek Australian music producer who is currently the head of "Gusto Music". Alexandra Zakka is a young upcoming lyricist who speaks English, French, German, and Spanish among other languages.
Result.
The national final took place on February 18, 2009 at the "Athinon Arena". Betty and Mathildi Maggira presented the show, and will also be the Greek commentators at the Eurovision Song Contest in Moscow. The show had a main concept of Eurovision history and included a flashback to the Eurovision world from 1956 when the contest was broadcast on radio to the present. The show was directed by Giorgos Kapoutzidis.
Along with televoting, a seven member 'expert' jury picked the entry. The jury, which accounted for 40% of the votes, consisted of composer Mimis Plessas, who was once again the head of the jury, General Manager of ERT Television Dimitris Gontikas, lyricist and General Manager of ERT Radio Antonis Andrikakis, President of ERT Public Relations Evangelia Piskera, record executive Olga Pavlatou, record producer Giorgos Kyvelos, and Greek "ESCToday" representative Stella Floras. The seventh jury vote by Eurovision news site "ESCToday" editor Stella Floras, came from the result of a poll for international fans conducted by ESCToday.
The show featured appearances by Cyprus' Christina Metaxa performing "Firefly", Turkey's Hadise performing "Düm Tek Tek", Malta's Chiara performing "What If We", Belarus' Petr Elfimov performing "Eyes That Never Lie", Montenegro's Andrea Demirović performing "Just Get Out of My Life", and the United Kingdom's Jade Ewen performing "My Time". 2008's entrant Kalomoira perform a medley during the national final which included Lady Gaga's "Just Dance", the Pussycat Dolls's "When I Grow Up" and the Master Tempo remix of her entry "Secret Combination". The official Eurovision website, Eurovision.tv, once again streamed the national final live online as it had the previous year.
At the end of voting, "This Is Our Night" was revealed as the winner receiving over eighty percent of the votes. "Right on Time" and "Out of Control" placed second and third respectively.
Promotion.
Rouvas will be embarking on an extensive promotional tour around Europe after picking his song. So far it is rumored that almost all countries have invited him to be on their shows. Even before his song was picked, Rouvas was invited to perform in Belgrade, Serbia on the talent show "Operacija trijumf", the Ex-Yugoslav version of Star Academy, on December 29, 2008. On the show, which is broadcast in Serbia, Montenegro, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Macedonia, Rouvas sang his 2004 entry "Shake It" with Aleksandar Belov, one of the shows contestants who is of Macedonian origin, while he also premiered the English version of his massive summer hit "+ Se Thelo" titled "Keep on Moving" for the first time with a fully choreographed performance.
Following the national final, initial plans for the promotion of "This Is Our Night" were revealed. The tour was revealed by Johnny Kalimeris to be quite extensive, with Rouvas visiting more Eurovision countries than had been visited in previous years. The first official stop kicking off Rouvas' promotional tour after the selection was to Bosnia and Herzegovina where Rouvas performed at the official presentation of the nation's entry "Bistra Voda" on March 1. Other guests included Turkey and Malta. The show was streamed live on eurovision.tv as had been for the Greek national final. An extensive promotional schedule was laid out for the following day, with Rouvas doing many appearances on numerous press, television, and radio networks. Rouvas was a guest at the Pink TV BH Morning Show which aired live on Balkan Net, and also starred on the live radio show "Stari Grad" at 14:00. He also gave interviews to TV Hayat, the "Obavezan smjer" show on TV Sarajevo, and on the Radio Televizija BiH show "Konacno petak". Following his two day stay in Bosnia and Herzigovina, Rouvas will return to Belgrade, Serbia where he will stay until March 4 and will appear on Fox TV, Radio S, live on 3 March, at 15.30 (local time), TV S, TV Avala and Pink TV. On the 4th March, he will be a special guest of Jovana Janković, the hostess of the Eurovision Song Contest 2008, on the "RTS Morning Show". Rouvas will conclude his promotion in Serbia at 15:00 that day with a live appearance on Novi SAT channel. Rouvas will then fly to Moscow, where he will perform live at the Russian National Final along with past Russian representatives, namely Dima Bilan, Yulia Savicheva, Alsou, Youddiph, Natalia Podolskaya, Prime Minister, and Serebro. The next day he will give a large performce at the Kremlin for the celebration of International Woman's Day in Russia. Russia, being the host country, has been called an important stop by ERT. Rouvas has also had success on the Russian charts with his hit "Se Thelo San Trelos" in 2004 and is known in the country from his successful collaboration with successful singer-songwriter Philipp Kirkorov. At the second press conference, it was stated that Rouvas' previous success and popularity in Russia will be a definite factor in Greece conquering the Eastern votes. It has also been confirmed that Rouvas will give a concert in Cyprus on March 13, and will also be continuing promotion in Turkey from April 10–12. ERT is currently considering many more destinations for promotion, keeping Belgium and the Netherlands as a high priority.
At Eurovision.
Although Greece placed third in the 2008 contest, it was still required to compete in the semi-finals under current rules, as it was not one of the "Big Four" nor was it the host of the 2009 contest.
Fokas Evangelinos along with Elias Ledakis, will be the choreographers and artistic directors of Rouvas' stage show. Evangelinos had choreographed Rouvas' third place 2004 entry, Elena Paparizou's winning 2005 entry, the opening ceremony of the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, Ani Lorak's second place 2008 entry, and Dima Bilan's second place entry in 2006 and winning 2008 entry among others. Evangelinos has worked with Rouvas for more than a decade long, being his choreographer for the majority of his shows. At a press conference that took place on October 14, 2008, it was revealed that Evangelinos will be working exclusively with Rouvas and no other contest entrants.
Semi-final.
It was announced in January that Greece would take part in the second semi-final on May 14 where it will have to qualify for the grand final. Greece was drawn to perform 13th out of a field of 19, succeeding Azerbaijan's AySel and Arash with "Always" and preceding Lithuania's Sasha Son with "Love". It was one of the ten performances which qualified for the grand final.
Final and reception.
In the final, on May 16, "This Is Our Night" finished in seventh place with a total of 120 points, receiving maximum "12 points" from Albania, Bulgaria, and Cyprus. The song therefore carried on Greece's "Eurovision" success by finishing within the top-ten for the sixth consecutive year, thus making the country the second most successful entrant of the past decade, despite not having even participated in 2000. The event was watched by 86% of the Greek television audience.
The performance included complex choreography, with "BBC News" announcing that "Greece's Sakis Rouvas had one of the more ambitious dance routines" of the contest. Rouvas wore an all white outfit designed by acclaimed Greek designer Celia Kritharioti. He performed on a rotating podium which transported him from left to right across the stage, was part of his group dance routine with four other performers and, in the end, was responsible for lifting him high into the air. In the same moment, a Greek flag is displayed on the floor, only visible to the television viewers. The final part of the performance was completed by silver fireworks in two separate parts. The official "Eurovision" website states that, this year, Greece had made "high-tech advancements" in the contest's standards.
Whilst Rouvas was disappointed with his seventh place finish, announcing to Greek media "I am so sorry, I wanted us to win", there was still unanimous support towards the artist himself in the country. "Seventh in Europe, first in our hearts" many journalists reported on Greek television. The media and public pronounced their support for Rouvas, the general consensus being that the artist gave it his best even though this did not translate in enough votes in the contest. All criticism in Greece focused on the selection of the song itself, rather than the artist's performance. Rouvas stated that, overall, it has all been a wonderful experience for him: "some win, some lose, personally, I gave everything I had. But it was a wonderful experience".
Some critics, including those from "London Greek Radio", suggested the reason why Greece failed to achieve a higher placing was due to a lack of an ethnic-sounding song. He notes the way in which all of Greece's top-three placings, including Rovas' performance of "Shake It" in 2004, had an ethnic bouzouki sound, as did the 2009 Azerbaijani and Turkish entries which finished in third and fourth place respectively.
The song has since peaked at number one on the Greek and Cypriot charts, and has also gone on to chart in Sweden, Ukraine, Iceland, Lithuania and Russia.
The Greek broadcaster ERT has confirmed that Greece will participate in the "Eurovision Song Contest 2010".

</doc>
<doc id="18450099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450099" title="Arcahaie">
Arcahaie

Arcahaie (Creole: "Lakayè") is a municipality in the Arcahaie Arrondissement, in the Ouest Department of Haiti. It has 102,639 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18450101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450101" title="Bavarian C III">
Bavarian C III

The Bavarian C III engines were steam locomotives of the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn").
Standard Variant.
The standard variant of the C III was developed from the Class C II. A total of 239 examples were built, which varied somewhat in their dimensions. For example, the third batch had a boiler diameter 30 mm greater than the others. The vehicles taken over by the Reichsbahn were to have been given the numbers 53 7871–7990. However these locomotives were retired by 1925. Several engines were sent to Belgium as reparations.
These engines were coupled with Bavarian 3 T 8.95 and 3 T 10.5 tenders.
Sigl variant.
These locomotives originally built for Hungary were acquired by the firm of Sigl, because new locomotives were urgently ordered for goods services. Following a subsequent exchange of the boiler they were identical with other vehicles of this class apart from their overall weight. The locomotives taken over by the Reichsbahn were to be given the numbers 53 7831–7833 but were retired by 1925.
The vehicles were coupled with Bavarian 3 T 12 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18450110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450110" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Yingkou">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Yingkou

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Yingkou/Yingkow (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Yingkou in the Ecclesiastical province of Shenyang 瀋陽 in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18450134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450134" title="Cabaret, Ouest">
Cabaret, Ouest

Cabaret (Creole: "Kabarè") is a municipality in the Arcahaie Arrondissement, in the Ouest Department of Haiti. It has 63,450 inhabitants. During his dictatorship François Duvalier renamed it Duvalierville in 1961 a construction project was begun. Construction eventually stopped, but the name was kept until Duvalier's successor, his son Jean-Claude Duvalier, fled the country in 1986.
Titanyen and Lafiteau are located in the municipality, eight kilometres from the main town.

</doc>
<doc id="18450136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450136" title="J. Hunter Wickersham">
J. Hunter Wickersham

John Hunter Wickersham (February 3, 1890 – September 12, 1918) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions in World War I.
Biography.
Wickersham was born in New York City to Mary E. Damon. He joined the Army from Denver, Colorado, and by September 11, 1918 was serving as a second lieutenant in the 353rd Infantry Regiment, 89th Division in France. On that day, as his unit prepared to take part in an offensive which would become the Battle of Saint-Mihiel, Wickersham wrote one last letter home to his mother in Denver. The letter contained a poem, "The Raindrops on Your Old Tin Hat", which was later published.
The next day, on September 12, Wickersham was severely wounded near Limey, France, but continued to lead his platoon in its advance until collapsing and succumbing to his injuries. For these actions, he was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor in 1919.
Second Lieutenant Wickersham's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
Advancing with his platoon during the St. Mihiel offensive, he was severely wounded in 4 places by the bursting of a high-explosive shell. Before receiving any aid for himself he dressed the wounds of his orderly, who was wounded at the same time. He then ordered and accompanied the further advance of his platoon, although weakened by the loss of blood. His right hand and arm being disabled by wounds, he continued to fire his revolver with his left hand until, exhausted by loss of blood, he fell and died from his wounds before aid could be administered.
Wickersham, aged 28 at his death, was buried at the St. Mihiel American Cemetery in Thiaucourt, France. A marker in his memory was placed at Fairmount Cemetery in Denver, Colorado.
The poem he wrote to his mother the day before he died reads as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18450143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450143" title="Turkey City Writer's Workshop">
Turkey City Writer's Workshop

Turkey City Writer's Workshop is a peer-to-peer, professional science fiction writer's workshop in Texas. Founded in 1973 and still ongoing today, it was consciously modeled after the east coast Milford Writer's Workshop. The workshop "was a cradle of cyberpunk" where many of the practitioners of what would become cyberpunk first met.
Founding members of the group included Lisa Tuttle, Howard Waldrop, Steven Utley, and Tom Reamy. The workshop was first held in Grand Prairie, Texas, but soon shifted to Austin when most of the writers involved moved there during the mid-1970s. Bruce Sterling was one of the youngest members of the workshop when he joined it in 1974. Harlan Ellison "discovered" Sterling at Turkey City and arranged for the publication of his first novel. Other writers who have attended Turkey City include Ted Chiang, Paul Di Filippo, Cory Doctorow, Andy Duncan, George Alec Effinger, Mark Finn, Steven Gould, Eileen Gunn, Leigh Kennedy, John Kessel, Rick Klaw, Raph Koster, George R. R. Martin, Maureen McHugh, Paul O. Miles, Chris Nakashima-Brown, Chad Oliver, Lawrence Person, Jessica Reisman, Chris Roberson, Lewis Shiner, Lou Antonelli, John Shirley, Jeff VanderMeer, Don Webb, Martha Wells, and Connie Willis.
The workshop also compiled the "The Turkey City Lexicon," a collection of terms used when discussing recurring SF writing tropes. This guide for writers has been used and adapted by other writers workshops, both within and outside the science fiction genre. Robert J. Sawyer has described the document as the "mother of all workshopping vocabularies."

</doc>
<doc id="18450149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450149" title="Carl Philipp, Reichsgraf von Wylich und Lottum">
Carl Philipp, Reichsgraf von Wylich und Lottum

Carl Philipp, Graf von Wylich und Lottum (Diersfordt, August 27, 1650 – Wesel, February 14, 1719) was a Prussian Field Marshal.
Early life.
Philipp Carl was the son of Johann Sigismund von Wylich und Lottum (died June 25 1678) and Josina von Wittenhorst-Sonsfeld (died November 7 1677). He entered the Dutch army in 1668 and fought in the Franco-Dutch War, ending the war as Lieutenant Colonel.
Military career.
On August 1, 1687, he entered the service of the Margraviate of Brandenburg as Colonel at the head of a regiment. He became Commandant of Wesel, and on September 1, 1692 Governor of Minden. He fought the French again between 1691 and 1693 in the Low Countries. On September 20, 1698 he became governor of the Spandau Citadel. On January 17, 1701 he became a Knight in the Order of the Black Eagle and was made a Count by Holy Roman Emperor Leopold I.
At the outbreak of the War of Spanish Succession he was made supreme commander of the Prussian troops in the Netherlands.In 1703 he besieged Rheinberg and Geldern, and later Lille and Tournai. He fought in the Battle of Blenheim and played an important role in the victories in the Battle of Oudenaarde (Juli 11, 1708) and the Battle of Malplaquet (September 11, 1709).
On February 27, 1713 the new King Frederick William I of Prussia named him Field Marshal and member of the Secret War Council. When Prussia received the Duchy of Cleves, Lottum became President of this territory.
Personal life.
Philipp Karl von Wylich und Lottum married Maria Dorothea von Schwerin (Königsberg, April 20, 1662 - Berlin, October 19 1695). After her death he remarried in 1696 Albertine Charlotte Freiin von Quadt Wickerad zu Zoppenbruch († March 6 1752). He had 7 daughters and 6 sons, of whom Johann Christoph and Ludwig became Prussian Generals.

</doc>
<doc id="18450157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450157" title="KRET">
KRET

KRET may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18450158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450158" title="Höfðingi">
Höfðingi

Höfðingi (, "chieftain") is a type of Icelandic cheese, described as a "creamy-soft, almost runny cheese with a white rind/crust and a smooth, mild flavor."

</doc>
<doc id="18450169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450169" title="Stefano Borgonovo">
Stefano Borgonovo

Stefano Borgonovo (17 March 1964 – 27 June 2013) was an Italian footballer who played as a striker.
Football career.
Born in Giussano, Province of Monza and Brianza, Borgonovo began his professional career with Como Calcio, making his debuts at 17 in a Serie A match against Ascoli Calcio. After a loan spell at S.S. Sambenedettese Calcio he established himself as a key player, and in 1986 moved to A.C. Milan, who immediately loaned him back to Como.
After two years Borgonovo was sent on loan again, this time to ACF Fiorentina, where had the most successful season of his career, scoring 14 league goals while playing alongside Roberto Baggio. This earned him three caps for Italy – his debut coming on 22 February 1989, in a friendly with Denmark (1–0 win)– and finally a chance to prove himself at Milan. He spent much of the 1989–90 campaign as backup to Marco van Basten and, despite earning a European Cup winners' medal, moved on, keen to play regular first-team football; although Milan coach Arrigo Sacchi was keen to keep his services, he returned to Fiorentina, where he spent two years without managing to recapture his previous form.
Spells at Pescara Calcio, Udinese and Brescia Calcio followed, before Borgonovo retired in 1996. He later served as a youth coach back at Como, but retired in 2005 due to poor health.
Personal life and illness.
Stefano Borgonovo was married to Chantal and was a father of 4 children: Andrea (born in 1988), Alessandra (1990), Benedetta (1997) and Gaia (2003). On 5 September 2008, it was revealed he was suffering from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, the same illness that slowly killed Gianluca Signorini, another former Serie A player, in 2002.
To raise funds and awareness of the disease, Borgonovo started his own foundation and a testimonial match was organized by his former clubs Fiorentina and Milan. The game, played on 8 October 2008 at Stadio Artemio Franchi, Florence in front of a crowd of 30,000 people, was attended by several former stars of the two clubs – he himself attended despite his serious condition, with former teammate Baggio at his side.
In his 2010 autobiography "Carlo Ancelotti: The Beautiful Games of an Ordinary Genius: The Life, Games, and Miracles of an Ordinary Genius" Chelsea manager, Carlo Ancelotti, spoke of his former team-mate's illness, saying: 'Stefano was my team-mate, and he has a problem. We need everyone to help him because maybe there is a solution for this illness, but we have to be fast because his condition is not good. He cannot move, he can just speak with his eyes. He scored in the semi-final of the European Cup in 1990 against Bayern, and was a good striker inside the box. He was not so quick but very clever. He is a good guy, very funny, likes to joke, even now, but he has a very dangerous illness.'
Incredibly, Borgonovo managed to write his own autobiography called 'Attacante nato' (Born striker), despite only to be able to make use of his eyes to control a computer to write it. In the book, amongst other things, he talked about his stance against drugs, saying: 'My carcass is clean and always has been. The Bitch may have moved in, but it’s not tainted with rust and it’s never been doped. There’s a shadow hanging over my photograph, but it was invented by others, ruthless hypocrites. They used to weigh up the symptoms and then kept on whispering: Borgonovo’s on drugs, you know.'
In 2013, Borgonovo joined FIFA's anti-doping fight. He died from the disease on 27 June of that year, aged 49.

</doc>
<doc id="18450170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450170" title="Ali Akbar Abdolrashidi">
Ali Akbar Abdolrashidi

Ali Akbar Abdolrashidi (علی‌اکبر عبدالرشیدی) (born 1949 in Kerman) is an Iranian intellectual, journalist, writer, traveler, translator, and university lecturer. During his forty five-year (at 2010)career as a journalist, Abdolrashidi conducted hundreds of television interviews with notable international figures, such as Fidel Castro, Rajiv Gandhi, and Muammar al-Gaddafi. For most of his career, Abdolrashidi has worked for the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting (IRIB).
Early career.
Abdolrashidi started his career in the early 1960s, while still a teenager. It was then that he began to work for a radio station in Kerman. Following this, he joined the national radio network as a researcher, working for a weekly program on folklore.
Journalism.
On becoming competent in English, he joined the news and current-affairs department and worked as a translator of newswires. After seven years, he became the London-based correspondent of the IRIB in 1980. A year later, however, he returned to Iran at the IRIB headquarters in Tehran, where he headed the foreign news desk and travelled the world to cover current events in the United Nations, OPEC, and other international organizations.
In 1984, Abdolrashidi returned to London as the British and European correspondent. He covered many historic events such as the fall of the Berlin Wall, the collapse of the Soviet Union, and the formation of the European Union.
Works.
Abdolrashidi has visited 40 countries and written and translated a total of twenty books, (at 2012) and is the author of hundreds of articles and essays. 
He is an amateur photographer and displays some of his works on the Internet.
Awards.
Abdolrashidi has received numerous awards for his work as a journalist. His major award is the Japanese Hoso Bunka Foundation top award for a Documentary called "Hejran" or Dislocation.This documentary is about the " Plights of Asian Immigrants". 'Hejran' reveals the plights of those immigrants who head for an unknown happy life, after leaving their homeland, members of families and their background. Reaching the new land with a new life, they find it quite different from what they imagined. 

</doc>
<doc id="18450177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450177" title="Krzysztof Klenczon">
Krzysztof Klenczon

Krzysztof Klenczon (born January 14, 1942 in Pułtusk, Poland, d. April 7, 1981 in Chicago) was a Polish singer and songwriter, member of Czerwone Gitary, later Trzy Korony.
On February 27, 1981 Klenczon was seriously injured by a drunk driver in Chicago, en route from the Milford Ballroom in the city's Polish Village. He died on April 7 at St. Joseph's Hospital in Chicago, and was buried on July 25, 1981 in Szczytno, Poland on the family's plot.

</doc>
<doc id="18450196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450196" title="Bojan Čukić">
Bojan Čukić


</doc>
<doc id="18450221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450221" title="World record progression 4 × 100 metres medley relay">
World record progression 4 × 100 metres medley relay

The world record in the 4×100 metres medley swimming relay was first recognised in 1953! by FINA, with world swimming governing body. Initially world records were only recognised in long course swimming pools which were a minimum of 50 metres in length – some of the early records were achieved in pools measuring . Records set in a Short course (25 m) pool have been recognised since 3 March 1991.
The medley relay consists of 4 competitors swimming consecutively with each swimmer performing a different stroke:
It is possible to set a world record in the 100 m backstroke through performance by the first swimmer of the relay team. Performances in the other legs cannot qualify as world records as FINA criteria requires a static start – swimming relay takeovers are often dynamic.
The event has been a fixture of the Olympic swimming programme since 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18450233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450233" title="Denis Wakeling">
Denis Wakeling

John Denis Wakeling was an Anglican bishop in the Church of England. 
He was born in Leicester on 12 December 1918. He was educated at St Michael’s Limpsfield, a Church Missionary Society school in Surrey. He studied classics at St Catharine's College, Cambridge.
He prepared for the ministry at Ridley Hall, Cambridge and was ordained in 1948. He was chaplain at Clare College, Cambridge, then vicar of Emmanuel, Plymouth from 1952 to 1959 and of Barking, Essex from 1959 to 1965 when he was appointed the Archdeacon of West Ham. 
His appointment as the Bishop of Southwell in Nottinghamshire followed in 1970. He was chairman of the Archbishops’ Council on Evangelism from 1976 to 1979. 
He retired to Salisbury in 1984 and died on 10 October 2004.
He married Josephine Broomhall in 1941. They had two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="18450234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450234" title="List of N34 roads">
List of N34 roads

This is a list of roads designated N34. Roads entries are sorted in the countries alphabetical order.

</doc>
<doc id="18450236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450236" title="Cornillon, Ouest">
Cornillon, Ouest

Cornillon (Creole: "Kòniyon") is a municipality in the Croix-des-Bouquets Arrondissement, in the Ouest Department of Haiti.
It has 48,934 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18450250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450250" title="Australian League">
Australian League

The Austraian League may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18450251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450251" title="Bossekop">
Bossekop

Bossekop () is one of the three boroughs comprising the town of Alta in Alta Municipality, Finnmark county, Norway. It is located on the western end of the town, along the Altafjorden, along the European route E06 highway. Bossekop is an old Sami trading post and marketplace. The name comes from the Sami word for "Whale Bay". The Rock carvings at Alta lie just west of Bossekop.
Bossekop was destroyed by the Germans during their retreat from occupying Norway in November 1944. The only building left standing in Bossekop was Alta Church. The rest of the village was rebuilt after the war. In 2000, the town of Alta was established, and Bossekop was part of it. The new Northern Lights Cathedral is being built in Bossekop as the new main church for the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18450257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450257" title="Nabi Ilyas">
Nabi Ilyas

Nabi Ilyas (; ) is a Palestinian village in the Qalqilya Governorate in the western West Bank, located two kilometers east of Qalqilya. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, an Nabi Ilyas had a population of approximately 1,214 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. 25.6% of the population of an Nabi Ilyas were refugees in 1997. 
The health care facilities for an Nabi Ilyas are in Qalqilya designated as MoH level 4 there are also two clinics one run by the UNRWA and one run by the Palestinian Ministry of Health.
Although security concerns during a Palestinian uprising that began in 2000 kept Israeli shoppers away for years, with attacks by militants on Israelis now rare in the West Bank, Israeli consumers are venturing back to an area once known as a bargain-hunter's paradise. Nabi Elyas is profiting from an influx of Jewish shoppers drawn by cheap prices and still kept out of the main Palestinian cities by Israeli security regulations. Groceries, furniture and even dental treatment are on offer in Nabi Elyas, which is packed with cars from Israel, especially during weekends.
History.
In 1882 the Palestine Exploration Fund's "Survey of Western Palestine" described "Neby Elyas" (under "Archæology") as: "Walls and wells, with a ruined "kubbeh"."

</doc>
<doc id="18450267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450267" title="Fonds-Verrettes">
Fonds-Verrettes

Fonds-Verrettes (Creole: "Fonvèrèt") is a municipality in the Croix-des-Bouquets Arrondissement, in the Ouest Department of Haiti.
It has 40,224 inhabitants.
References.
<website>
http://wwww.fondsverrette.webs.com

</doc>
<doc id="18450278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450278" title="Darke County Airport">
Darke County Airport

Darke County Airport is a county owned, public use airport in Darke County, Ohio, United States. It is located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of the central business district of Versailles. It is along State Route 121 just south of Versailles. Midmark operates a private jet from this airport. The airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned VES by the FAA, but has no designation from the IATA.
Facilities and aircraft.
Darke County Airport covers an area of 42 acres (17 ha) at an elevation of 1,007 feet (307 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 9/27 with an asphalt surface measuring 4,512 by 75 feet (1,375 x 23 m).
For the 12-month period ending July 17, 2012, the airport had 9,238 aircraft operations, an average of 25 per day: 99% general aviation, 1% air taxi, and <1% military.
At that time there were 23 aircraft based at this airport: 91% single-engine, 4% multi-engine, and 4% jet.

</doc>
<doc id="18450286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450286" title="Robert Vancea">
Robert Vancea

Robert Dumitru Vancea (born September 28, 1976, Craiova) is a Romanian professional football player.

</doc>
<doc id="18450291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450291" title="Florin Popete">
Florin Popete

Laurenţiu Florin Popete (born 27 December 1977, Târgu-Jiu) is a Romanian professional football player, currently a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="18450292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450292" title="Daniel Orac">
Daniel Orac

Daniel Orac (born 6 April 1985, Galaţi) is a Romanian professional footballer who currently is a free agent. He plays as a Winger.
Club career.
Pandurii Târgu Jiu.
After an unsuccessful year at Universitatea Craiova Orac joined Pandurii Târgu Jiu. After a falling out with manager Sorin Cârţu he was first loaned to CSM Râmnicu Vâlcea and the then terminated his contract.
Panthrakikos.
Orac played for Panthrakikos F.C. in the Greek Super League in season 2009-2010.
Return to Pandurii.
He returned to Pandurii Târgu Jiu after just one year away.
CSMS Iași.
In July 2011 Orac joined Liga II side CSMS Iași due to a close relationship with manager Marius Baciu.

</doc>
<doc id="18450293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450293" title="Adrian Popescu (footballer born 1975)">
Adrian Popescu (footballer born 1975)


</doc>
<doc id="18450302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450302" title="Shanghai Concert Hall">
Shanghai Concert Hall

Shanghai Concert Hall is located on the intersection of Yan'an Road and South Tibet Road of Huangpu District, Shanghai. It was founded in 1930, originally named Nanking Theatre. In 1949, its name was changed to Beijing Cinema. In 1959, it was renamed Shanghai Concert Hall.
The hall can accommodate 1,122 seats, 640 on the ground floor and 482 on the second floor. The stage is 8.35 metres by 16 metres, covering around 100 sq. metres.
The Concert Hall was designed by Chinese architect Fan Wenzhao (范文照) in European style.
In order to make way for Yan'an Elevated Road, the hall was relocated in 2007. The project embarked at 10 am on April 15, and cost 50 million RMB. The 5800 kiloton concert hall was first lifted 1.7 meters, moved east 66.4 meters, and finally lifted with another 1.7 metres at the new site, using Enerpac hydraulic cylinders. The project concluded on January 1, 2008. The Shanghai Concert Hall reopened on September 26, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18450305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450305" title="Ganthier">
Ganthier

Ganthier (Creole: "Gantye") is a municipality in the Croix-des-Bouquets Arrondissement, in the Ouest Department of Haiti.
It has 71,261 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18450307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450307" title="List of defunct Mississippi sports teams">
List of defunct Mississippi sports teams

This is a list of former sports teams from the US state of Mississippi:

</doc>
<doc id="18450311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450311" title="MAG (video game)">
MAG (video game)

MAG, previously titled MAG: Massive Action Game, was an online multiplayer-only first-person shooter video game developed by Zipper Interactive for the PlayStation 3. The game was announced at Sony's E3 2008 press conference. Various subtitles were being considered for the game, including "MAG: Shadow War", "MAG: Zero", "MAG: Global Assault" and "MAG: Final Hour". The game was released in North America on January 26, 2010, mainland Europe on January 27 and the United Kingdom on January 29. It was released in Australia and New Zealand on February 11, 2010. MAG received an award from Guinness World Records as "Most Players in a Console FPS" with 256 players.
On January 28, 2014, the online servers for MAG shut down. Due to its reliance on online play, it is no longer possible to play the game.
Gameplay.
MAG used a new server architecture to support online battles with up to 256 players, with users divided into eight-player squads, with four squads forming a platoon, and four platoons forming a company. Each squad is led by a player who has advanced through the game's ranking system. Character statistics and development also increase with frequent gameplay. The players assigned leadership positions are able to simultaneously direct the battle and participate directly in combat.
Version 2.0 introduced a new skill tree and also a supply depot for purchasing weapons. Now, in the skill tree there are individual classes in which players can spend their skill points. These classes include Assault, Marksman, Close Quarters, Special Ops, Medical, Engineering, Athleticism, Vehicles, and Resistances, which then branches off into their own skill tree. Players now in the supply depot have a balance which is money that is earned from every match. So instead of getting the weapons/attachments in the skill tree they can now be purchased separately. After an item is bought players have the choice of selling that item for half of its original price. 
Patch v1.05 introduced a modified leadership selection algorithm that relies on using leadership points that are earned by winning battles while being at least a squad leader and whether the player has a Bluetooth headset or not.
Basic battles take place within ongoing, faction-based campaigns to encourage the player to actively play. The game's E3 unveiling trailer featured large landscapes, tactics such as air strikes and parachuting, and a variety of vehicles, from tanks and armored personnel carriers (APCs) to airplanes.
Players are able to customize the face, voice, and armor of their characters, as well as what weapons and kit they carry into battle. In game, the player can level up to 70 on any faction. After achieving level 70, players may enter the Veteran mode and select a new faction (or, if a player chooses so, Veteran in the same faction as before). Veteran mode wipes out the current progress and makes the player start from scratch, although the medals, ribbons, statistics and the leadership points player has earned in the past remain intact. Player also receives a +10% XP bonus which increases the leveling speed. Veteran bonuses do not stack, which means that the +10% remains no matter how many times player has used this mode. Aside from that, player receives a star insignia under his current rank which is used so the experienced players are not confused with newcomers. The number of the stars indicate how many times the player has reached level 70.
Gameplay Modes.
Gameplay consists of six separate modes (two of which—Interdiction and Escalation—are DLC) and an additional training mode.
Suppression.
The smallest gameplay mode in terms of scale, is Suppression, which is the only mode that does not influence the Shadow War. Suppression is a team deathmatch mode that pits 32 players of one faction against 32 players of another. Provided they meet the qualification requirements, players can be assigned leadership positions in this game mode, although they have no leadership abilities. There are 4 Squad Leaders (SL) and 1 Platoon Leader (PL) per faction in this game type. Suppression makes use of modified maps from the Sabotage game mode.
Sabotage.
Sabotage is the smallest mode of those with Shadow War influence. It is played by 64 players from two of the game's three factions, 32 players to a side. In Sabotage, the attacking team must work to secure two enemy satellite uplink centers—objectives A and B. Once both centers have been secured and simultaneously held, objective C is unlocked—the defending team's base. The attackers then need to plant an explosive charge at C and defend it until it explodes to win. As in Suppression, there are 4 SLs and 1 PL per faction in this game type. Again, they have no leadership abilities yet, but communication and organization is the leadership key to victory in this mode. The game runs on a 20 minute timer, countdown of which is paused while a charge is active at C. If the time expires before the attackers have destroyed C, the defenders win.
Acquisition.
Acquisition pits one faction against another, 128 players per game, 64-player factions, and is MAG's variant on the Capture the Flag game type. The maps are essentially split into two sides, facing one platoon (4 squads) from each faction against another, as the attacking team attempts to capture 2 of the defending team's "prototype" Escort Vehicles (APC). These vehicles are placed deep within the defending team's territory on each side of the map and a row of 4 bunkers, which the attackers can destroy, stand in the way. This is the first mode with Leadership Abilities. In addition to bunkers, the defenders have other assets which the attackers may destroy. They are: the Anti-Aircraft Artillery (AAA), Mortar Battery, Sensor Array, and Motor Pools. These, along with the bunkers, are optional destruction targets. The Mortar Battery allows Squad Leaders (SL) and Platoon Leaders (PL) to call in artillery strikes, such as mortar barrages and poison gas. Destruction of this asset takes away these abilities until the defenders repair the asset. The Sensor Array allows the PL to call in a sensor sweep, which reveals enemy locations on the mini-map—its destruction takes away that ability. The AAA serves two purposes: blocking the attacking team's SLs and PL abilities (aerial strikes and UAV recon) and prevents forward spawning. Destruction of the AAA allows the attackers to use their leadership abilities, and also to spawn into battle behind the defenders' bunker line either in an immovable helicopter or by parachuting. The Motor Pools give no leadership abilities, but they spawn APCs which the defenders can use to get to the front lines quicker and to defend funneling points with its turret. The attackers must make their way to the back of the map, open the Escort Vehicle's containers (by hacking a control panel), and drive the vehicle to their own container at the other end of the map. If the attackers get hold of an escort vehicle, the defenders must destroy it. In the vehicle's way stands roadblocks and a gate, which must be destroyed to drive the APC by. If the bunkers are not destroyed, the defenders way spawn in them making it easier for them to destroy the stolen APC on its way by. The bunkers also have a very dangerous turret, which can be destroyed independently of the bunker. Attackers win by capturing 2 vehicles; defenders win by preventing them to do so before the 20 minute timer expires.
Interdiction.
The Interdiction is available via downloadable content (DLC). In this mode 128 players (64 vs. 64) must capture and hold three neutral bases. The longer a PMC holds a base, a bar for that PMC will fill up on the top of the screen. In addition each 8-man squad has an APC. The maps for the Interdiction mode are themed after the 3 PMCs but are neutral, meaning Valor could face Raven on the S.V.E.R. themed map and any other combination. The game is set on a 20 minute timer, and whoever fills their bar first, or whoever has their bar filled the most at the end, wins.
Domination.
The largest game mode is Domination. It supports 256 players, 128 to a side in a single game. Maps are split into 4 sides that meet in the middle, facing one platoon (4 squads) of attackers against another of defenders on each side. The objective of the attackers is to unlock and hold the lettered objectives, A through H, two to a platoon, located at the center of the map where it crosses, to fill a damage bar before the game timer expires. In order to unlock their objectives, each attacking platoon must capture and simultaneously hold both of the defending platoon's burnoff towers. Once that is accomplished, the platoons must then hold both cooling towers, and then the objectives are unlocked. Between the burnoff towers and the cooling towers stands a row of 4 bunkers (one for each defending squad). Destruction of the bunkers changes that defending squad's spawn to the back spawn, behind the lettered objectives, in the middle of the map where the sides meet. As in Acquisition, the defenders have assets which the attackers may destroy to take away their SL and PL abilities until they are repaired. These assets are located between the cooling towers and the lettered objectives. Taking down the AAA will again allow the attacking SLs and PLs to call in their abilities, and will unlock the forward spawns located between the defenders' bunkers and the cooling towers. In addition to Squad Leaders (16 per faction, per domination game) and Platoon Leaders (4 per faction), Domination introduces the Officer In Charge (OIC) leadership position. This is the highest ranking leadership position in the game, and each is assigned to lead his 128 players to Domination victory. OICs have very powerful abilities that can affect spawning rates of the defenders and replenish or block the abilities of SLs and PLs. These abilities are not affected by the AAA or assets, and they can be used at any time (provided the other OIC hasn't blocked his ability). Holding the lettered objectives until the damage bar is filled wins the game for the attackers; preventing them to do so by the time the 30 minute timer expires wins the game for the defenders.
Multifiles.
In addition there is an option entitled Multiqueue in which the player can be queued for multiple game modes that they choose. This mode gives a stackable +20% bonus for each game mode the player queues for, this does not however apply if the player only queues for one game mode.
Escalation.
Escalation (DLC) is the first mode to feature all three PMCs fighting on the same map. Up to 96 players, 32 per PMC can play. The idea of Escalation is for one team to capture two of three letters on the map A, B, or C. When two of the letters are successfully obtained and defended, the letter "D" will be unlocked. At this point the team who captured the two points will have to make their way to D and defend it. The other letters will become locked during this time. The other two PMCs will attempt to secure D. If one of the attackers obtains D the other letters will be opened again and all three PMCs will have to do the same thing again in order to unlock D. Every time D is unlocked by a certain team the bar will increase for that PMC. The team who fills the bar the most wins the game. No strikes can be called in by the platoon and squad leaders.
Marketing.
Beta testing.
Private beta invitations were sent to members who applied for the beta in the first half of August. The beta was limited to run only during designated time slots. Aside from players, this phase of private beta included members from the press as well. Zipper Interactive revealed the official public beta would launch on September 17. Private beta testers were also invited to the Qore beta. Annual subscribers to Qore who subscribed before September 17 had a chance to get into the beta on September 17. The final version of the beta was v1.50. The beta ended on December 5. An open beta was made available on the PlayStation Store for download on January 4, 2010 and ended on January 10, 2010. A new open beta was downloadable from the PlayStation Store starting August 24, 2010.
Clan deploy.
Version 2.0 included a new addition to "MAG", clan deploy, which allows a clan to enter a queue as one group and the squads will be randomly assigned into the match.
Pre-order bonuses.
Different distributors had pre-order bonuses for "MAG". GameStop was offering an in-game bonus for the S.V.E.R. team. Hollywood Video and GameCrazy offered an in-game bonus for the Raven team. Best Buy was offering an in game bonus for the Valor team. 7-Eleven included a "recruitment kit" that includes background information on the "Shadow War" and PMC skill sets. Amazon has an exclusive S.V.E.R.-based personal space in PlayStation Home. All of the pre-order skins were available for free on PlayStation Network in North America.
Collector's Edition.
The limited edition of "MAG", which was only available in Europe through pre-order, comes in a SteelBook packaging, and includes extra features such as brand new combat armor (for use in game) - choose from three distinctive uniform designs: Bulldog, Spyder or Hazard, and three dynamic themes for the PS3 system. The uniform designs, however, are now free to download in the PlayStation Store.
Social networking.
www.jointheshadowwar.com was a custom-built site that used Facebook Connect as a central component to building a community of "MAG" users on Facebook. The site was presented as an underground recruiting company called Private Recruiting Operation (PRO) that could help "free agents" (military people that were put out of a job as a result of the game's fictional future). The site allowed visitors to "Enlist" and log in using their Facebook account to do so. However, the site has since been shut down.
Downloadable content.
Zipper Interactive released their first DLC pack for free on the PlayStation Network on March 25. The DLC featured a new kind of grenade, skins, and special editions of the light machine guns. Zipper released the second DLC pack on April 19 with new sniper rifles and a new armor type.
Zipper Interactive released a new DLC pack called "MAG" Interdiction Mission Pack, which is the first DLC pack that was released. The pack featured a new 128-player game type called Interdiction. The DLC included three maps and also featured improved heavy armor and enhanced vehicle combat, new unlockable trophies, and new ribbons. The fourth DLC entitled Escalation was released to try with the 2.0 beta version of "MAG".
"Escalation" was the second add-on that was released. This DLC was released with three faction-themed neutral maps to play on. New trophies, ribbons, and guns were included in the pack.
Zipper Interactive and Sony released a MAG demo for download on the PlayStation Store at no charge. "The MAG trial gives you full access to all of MAG’s maps, weapons, character skills and modes, with the only limit being a character growth cap at level 8." The demo was released to the North American store on March 29, 2011.
All of MAG's downloadable content is no longer available.
Story.
Background.
The game begins in 2025. As time passes, maintaining a full scale military becomes a burden. In a globalized world, the only security threat is from small scale rogue organizations against whom large forces are useless, and the fuel needed to supply increasingly mechanized armies becomes more costly.
As a result, most nations' armies decrease to the size necessary to defend against a "national emergency." Furthermore, under the "Millennium Accord", no nation's military is permitted to leave its own borders, officially creating world peace. In their place rise Private Military Corporations. They have two advantages: first, they compete, lowering their cost, and second, they are allowed to work for anyone, anywhere.
In an unregulated global economy, the companies soon compete by less than honest means. After enough mergers, bargains and buy-outs, however, the remaining PMCs decide to put their weapons to full use. The original attacks follow a simple plan: neutralize a competitor's soldiers, lowering supply to cause them to charge more and, ultimately, go out of business.
The Shadow War, as it is called, grows in secret until the conflict moves into full swing, with the PMCs securing their own interests and violently fighting for contracts.
Factions.
The game contains three different PMCs:
Soundtrack.
There are three different soundtracks, one for each faction. The soundtrack for S.V.E.R. was composed by Perttu Kivilaakso and Mikko Sirén from the Finnish cello metal band, Apocalyptica. The soundtrack for Valor was composed by Tree Adams. The soundtrack for Raven was composed by Sascha Dikiciyan aka Sonic Mayhem.
Reception.
"MAG" has received generally positive reviews. According to Metacritic, the game stands at a 76. GameTrailers gave the game praise for its large multiplayer and inventive level up system, giving the game an 8.2/10. G4 gave it 4 out of 5 stars saying it is a good addition to the PlayStation 3's library. IGN US gave the game a rating of 7.0/10, complaining about bugs, stiff animations, unbalanced factions and overall lack of content and polish for the price. IGN UK gave it 7.6/10 and complained about the same problems. GameSpot gave it a rating of 8/10, praising the well-integrated command structure, but complaining about technical awkwardness.

</doc>
<doc id="18450317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450317" title="Portrait of Joan Baez">
Portrait of Joan Baez

Portrait of Joan Baez is a 1967 Joan Baez compilation album, released in the UK. It includes material from her early 1960s traditional folk and her Bob Dylan and Phil Ochs covers. The album is mono and was released on Vinyl in the UK. It features a mix of studio and live recordings.
Notes and references.
http://www.joanbaez.com/Discography/POJB.html

</doc>
<doc id="18450320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450320" title="Acholonu">
Acholonu

Acholonu is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18450331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450331" title="Sofia Aparício">
Sofia Aparício

Sofia Aparício (born 2 June 1970 in Viana do Castelo) is a well-known Portuguese model and aspiring actress.

</doc>
<doc id="18450332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450332" title="Kaohsiung Science Park">
Kaohsiung Science Park

The Kaohsiung Science Park, also known as Luzhu Science Park, is located in Luzhu District in Kaohsiung City, Taiwan. It is a part of the project of Southern Taiwan Science Park, and covers an area of . The park was established in early 2000s (decade).

</doc>
<doc id="18450352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450352" title="Barcelona (indie rock band)">
Barcelona (indie rock band)

Barcelona is a band from Seattle, Washington. The band's sound is harmonious and piano-based with elements of rock. Formed in 2005, the band cites U2, Coldplay, Copeland, Death Cab for Cutie and Lovedrug as its influences. Barcelona independently released their debut album, "Absolutes", in September 2007. Barcelona created their own label, NBD Music, in order to be able to focus on songwriting. On December 18, 2008, the band announced that they had been signed to the major record label Universal Records. Universal Records re-mixed "Absolutes" and Barcelona added 4 new songs. The new version was released on April 28, 2009. They parted ways with the label in early 2010.
History.
Two years prior to the formation of the band, Brian was involved in a solo project. He recorded "Safety Songs" and then employed his musically inclined friends to accompany him on a tour to support the debut album. After working with his fellow musicians, Brian came to realize that he worked better as part of a band. The friends created a music ensemble and called themselves Barcelona. Fennell described the band's sound when he stated that, "e classify our music style as piano rock." 
Touring began in late 2005 upon the formation of the band. Brian Fennell, Chris Bristol and Rhett Stonelake attended Seattle Pacific University, where they posed as a student club in order to get access to free rehearsal space. Bristol and Stonelake were still seniors when the band began performing gigs. Most of the band's earlier shows were on the West Coast, which has been cited as a reason for their becoming a familiar name among music listeners in the west.
The band was featured on MySpace on August 15, 2007, which caught the attention of an A&R representative who helped initiate a promotional deal with MySpace Records and MySpace.com. The band made a television appearance on Good Day Sacramento on August 8, 2007 to promote their upcoming debut album, "Absolutes", and play a sample set. Barcelona released "Absolutes" on September 25, 2007, and it received largely favorable reviews, especially from hometown critics. 
The band has played charity concerts at Pine Lake Middle School and PCMS to raise money and awareness for the schools cause of Loose Change to Loosen Chains. The $10,000 that was generated was donated to the International Justice Mission (IJM) to help in their work of freeing the millions of modern-day slaves around the globe. On November 5, 2010, the band joined American Idol runner-up Blake Lewis, singer Claire Nordstrom, the Northwest Symphony Orchestra and several local choirs in "Primal Symphony", written and produced by Grammy Award-winning composer Mateo Messina. This annual benefit concert is put on by The Symphony Guild and supports uncompensated care at Seattle Children's Hospital.
Barcelona performed at Bumbershoot 2008 in Seattle.
On December 18, 2008 Universal Records announced that it had signed Barcelona to its label Universal Motown. The label released a remastered version of the band's original "Absolutes" on April 28, 2009, including four additional tracks. The re-release of "Absolutes" was self-produced by Barcelona and Brian Eichelberger, a close friend of the band and former member. Michael H. Brauer, a two-time Grammy winner for his work with artists such as Coldplay and John Mayer, mixed the album. The band has since parted ways with Universal Motown Records. They are working on a follow-up to "Absolutes".
The song "Please Don't Go" is used in the second trailer for "Water for Elephants", a film starring Robert Pattinson and Academy Award winners Reese Witherspoon and Christoph Waltz.
In December 2011, Act As If (band) released a Christmas single, "Sleighbells & Reindeer," featuring Lucy Schwartz and Brian Fennell.
The song "Slipping Away" can be heard in the third episode of the USA Network TV series, "Graceland".
On November 25, 2013, the band announced three upcoming EPs, collectively called "The Melodrama". The first one, "Love Me" will be available for digital download on January 21, 2014. The lead single "Background" was published on November 25, 2013. The following ones (called "Love You" and "Know Love") will be available on February 18 and March 18, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18450364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450364" title="Mitchell Square Park">
Mitchell Square Park

Mitchel Square Park is a small urban park in the Washington Heights neighborhood of the New York City borough of Manhattan. It is a two part, triangle shaped park formed by the intersection of Saint Nicholas Avenue, Broadway and 167th Street.
The southern part of the park, enclosed by an iron fence, is a grassy area with benches and large outcroppings of Manhattan schist.
The northern part features a World War I Memorial in the form of a sculpture by Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney. There are three bronze figures, a wounded sailor is supported by a Marine, while an army private bends to talk to the wounded man. This monument received a 1923 medal from the New York Society of Architects as "the most meritorious monument erected during the year." The figural group is mounted on a granite pedestal that reads: “Erected by the people of Washington Heights and Inwood in commemoration of the men who gave their lives in the World War.” When it was erected, on Memorial Day, May 1922, there had been only one world war. The sculpture is surrounded by a fence and plantings.
The park was previously named Audubon Square.

</doc>
<doc id="18450367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450367" title="Achtymichuk">
Achtymichuk

Achtymichuk () is a Ukrainian surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18450381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450381" title="LSL Property Services">
LSL Property Services

LSL Property Services is the parent company of "E.Surv Chartered Surveyors", "Your Move" and "Reeds Rains", and forms the second-largest Estate Agent chain in the United Kingdom.
LSL was created following the management buy out of Your Move and E.Surv Chartered Surveyors from Aviva (formerly Norwich Union) in July 2004. The original estate agency and surveying and valuations businesses were created following a series of acquisitions undertaken by General Accident between 1985 and 1988. These businesses were originally rebranded as General Accident Property Services and General Accident Valuation Services and became Your Move and e.surv Chartered Surveyors in November 1999.
Simon Embley.
Simon Embley has served as the Group Chief Executive Officer of LSL Property Services Plc since 2004, having previously been Managing Director of Your Move. From 2001 to 2004 Simon Embley was the Managing Director of Your Move, where he oversaw its turnaround from a loss making business to the successful business it is today. Simon Embley’s previous experience includes establishing Norwich Union’s pensions business in Poland; serving as Executive Director of LSL Property Services Plc; serving as Non-Executive Director of Zoopla Property Group Limited; and serving as a Director of Norwich Union Wealth Management.
Your Move.
Your Move Estate Agents is the UK's largest estate agency brand in the UK, with approximately 300 branches. Your Move's services include residential property services, lettings, and mortgage and remortgage services. Your Move was originally set up in the late 1980s by well known UK insurers, General Accident. By 1989, GA Property Services, latterly trading as General Accident Property Services (GAPS), owned 69 estate agencies and in 1995, the surveying division of GAPS became a separate company - GA Valuation and Survey (GAVS).
In November 1999, following the General Accident and Commercial Union merger, GAPS rebranded to Your Move and GAVS rebranded to e.surv.
Reeds Rains.
Reeds Rains is an estate agency operating in the UK.
The firm has its origins in two companies; Samuel Rains and Son and Reeds.
Samuel Rains and Sons was established by its namesake; Samuel Rains in Manchester in 1868. The office moved to The Crescent, Cheadle in 1946 after World War Two. The firm was strongly established as a family business and by the time the company celebrated is Centenary in 1968, Rains' three great-grandchildren were partners in the firm. Michael Gass joined the company as a fourth partner and at this point Samuel Rains and Sons boasted a chain of five branches. By the time of the merger with Reeds, the company operated twenty five branches.
The firm of Reeds had its roots in a firm established in Preston in 1870 by a George Wrightson. After his death in 1890, his assistant Edward Reeds took over the business. As with Samuel Rains and Sons, the company was a family business and after the World War One, Harold and George Reeds (Edward's sons) joined the company. They sold the firm to Basil Crosley in 1956 and by 1972 Crosley had expanded the business to comprise four partners including his own son John. The name of the company was changed to Reeds and further branches were acquired through a merger with the firm of Petty and Co in 1976. By the time of their merger with Samuel Rains and Sons, Reeds operated sixteen branches.
The two firms merged in 1982 and the large logistical task of renaming the offices and replacing over five hundred for sale boards was complete within two weeks. The name of the merged firm was decided by the flip of a coin. The business grew rapidly, and used innovative marketing techniques such as television advertising on local ITV station; Granada.
In 1986, the fifty-two strong chain was purchased by the financial services company; Prudential, for £24 million. The History of Reeds Rains - Youtube. The Reeds Rains name was re-established following a £3.4 million management buyout in 1991 and the firm set about expanding once again, including the purchase of Britannia Building Society's estate agency in November 1998.
Reeds Rains was purchased by LSL in 2005. Reeds Rains form part of the fourth-largest chains of Estate Agents in the United Kingdom by number of offices. The 2008 credit crisis took its toll on the parent company, with LSL reported to have closed 12 offices between January and May 2008, in contrast to 2006, when house prices were on the rise and individual franchises in the chain were faring better.
The company currently operates c.140 branches across the United Kingdom. and some branches operate in a franchise format.

</doc>
<doc id="18450390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450390" title="Lound, Suffolk">
Lound, Suffolk

Lound is a village in Suffolk, located a few miles to the north of Lowestoft. The village lies just off the main A12 dual carriageway between Great Yarmouth and Lowestoft.
It is a traditional village set out in the marshland of East Anglia. Lound has basic amenities including a cafe, a pub and also includes a village hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18450395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450395" title="Uley Long Barrow">
Uley Long Barrow

Uley Long Barrow, also known locally as Hetty Pegler's Tump, is a Neolithic burial mound, near the village of Uley, Gloucestershire, England. 
Details.
Although typically described as a long barrow, the mound is actually a transepted gallery grave. It was probably built before 3000 BC.
It measures about long, metres wide, and has a maximum height of . It contains a stone built central passage with two chambers on either side and another at the end. The earthen mound is surrounded by a dry-stone revetting wall.
The barrow was archaeologically excavated in 1821, revealing the remains of 15 skeletons and a later, intrusive Roman age burial above the northeast chamber. It was excavated again in 1854. 
The mound is named after Hester, wife of the 17th century landowner Henry Pegler. Hester died in 1694, and Henry in 1695. It is clearly sign-posted from the side of the nearby Crawley Hill (B4066 road) between Uley and Nympsfield. It is about to the south of Nympsfield Long Barrow.
The barrow was reopened in 2011 after a short closure for essential health and safety work.

</doc>
<doc id="18450408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450408" title="Pointe-à-Raquette">
Pointe-à-Raquette

Pointe-à-Raquette (Creole: "Pwentarakèt") is a municipality in the La Gonâve Arrondissement, in the Ouest Department of Haiti.
It has 22,886 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18450409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450409" title="Arts Etobicoke">
Arts Etobicoke

Arts Etobicoke was founded in 1973 They are located Etobicoke. They are an incorporated not-for-profit arts council governed by a 
volunteer Board of Directors from business, the arts and the community. They serve thousands of students in their arts education programs, a membership of 50 arts organizations, 200 individual members, 60 individual artists and clients in an Art Rental program, hundreds of artists through their arts programming and exhibitions, 22 scholarship recipients, the general public and numerous project partners.
About.
Their mission is to engage the people of West Toronto with the arts and artists in their own community. They provide programs and services to increase accessibility of the arts, involve diverse audiences, create broad awareness of artists through advocacy and develop partnerships to sustain local arts activities. To achieve this goal, they provide programs and services designed to increase the accessibility of the arts for residents of Etobicoke, reach and involve special and diverse audiences, create broad community awareness of local arts organizations and artists and develop partnerships and networks to foster and sustain local arts activities. Arts Etobicoke has long been recognized as one of Canada’s finest community arts councils in large part because of innovative and quality programming.
Operating funding for Arts Etobicoke comes from the City of Toronto and the Ontario Arts Council. This funding accounts for approximately 25% of their total income. The balance is raised through program revenues, memberships, foundations, corporate sponsorships, donations and fundraising events. Arts Etobicoke relies on a team of dedicated volunteers to promote events, help with fundraising, and assist with programs.
Programs.
Smart StART Student Art Show.
The “Smart Start Student Art Show” at Sherway Gardens is a non-juried art show displaying works of students from Grades 9 to 12 from the Toronto District School Board and Toronto District Catholic School Board. The Smart Start Student Art Show gives them an opportunity to present their artwork in a public forum, particularly in a high-traffic venue such as Sherway Gardens, where thousands of people can view their works. The program was established in 1996.
Urban Noise.
A joint venture with Expect Theatre creates a platform for children/youth to speak out against violence in their communities. Established in 2006, the project includes a free Youth Training Program and Festival that promotes leadership, unity and social change in the culturally diverse communities of Rexdale/Jamestown, located in North Etobicoke. The workshops include DJing, break dancing, singing and song writing, etc. These workshops encourage youth to identify and examine the issues that directly affect them in a supportive environment through various artistic mediums. It also solicits the attention of the general public to take notice of the neighbourhoods that are suffering from racial tension, poverty, gender inequality and lack of resources - all of which can become a potential source for violence.
Art Alley.
Art Alley is a project that was designed to bring poetry to Islington Village. A specially commissioned poem by Dionne Brand (City of Toronto’s Poet Laureate) has been painted on the 1000-square-foot wall in the alley immediately east of their storefront office.
Art on The Move.
is a three-year mobile community arts initiative in partnership with Lakeshore Arts. The project will transform 13 vehicles into moving canvasses of art.
Scholarships.
The Presidents' Legacy Scholarship Fund, launched in 1999, was established as an endowment fund with the Ontario Arts Foundation to provide financial assistance to young people from West Toronto wishing to pursue their education in the arts. Scholarships are awarded to students attending designated arts education institutions. As of 2011, approximately 75 young people received scholarships and awards from the program to such institutions as; OCAD; Royal Conservatory of Music; Kingsway Conservatory of Music; Humber College; Etobicoke School of the Arts; North Albion C.I.; Sean Boutillier Academy of Dance; and Richview C.I..

</doc>
<doc id="18450425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450425" title="Stanford Cazier">
Stanford Cazier

Stanford Orson "Stan" Cazier (June 11, 1930 – March 14, 2013) was an American educator, university administrator and scholar. He was president of California State University, Chico from 1971–1979 and Utah State University from 1979–1992.
Biographical background.
Cazier was born in Nephi, Utah. He studied at the University of Utah, receiving his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1952. During 1952–1953, he served as an Ensign in the United States Navy. He briefly attended Brigham Young University for graduate work, but then transferred to the University of Utah to complete his Master of Arts degree in 1956, writing his thesis on William Henry Hooper. He then earned a Ph.D. in history under the well-known intellectual history historian, Merle Curti, at the University of Wisconsin in 1964.
While an undergraduate, Cazier met Shirley Anderson at the University of Utah. They were married June 11, 1952 in Salt Lake City and had three sons. Shirley died in Logan, Utah on February 16, 1999.
Professor.
Returning to Utah, Cazier became a professor of history at Utah State University (USU) in 1960, where he was the Teacher of the Year for 1966. In 1967 he was awarded a Ford Foundation Fellowship by New York University's Academic Administration. During this time he was also an administrative intern and Assistant to the President of New York University.
Before completing his Ph.D. dissertation, Jan Shipps was one of Cazier's students at USU in 1960–1961 for a Civil War class. However, Cazier focused mostly on the Utah War, much like others at USU who taught Mormon issues in their classes and influenced Shipps to become a historian of Mormonism.
While at Utah State University, he later served as assistant to the president and vice-provost.
University president.
In July 1971, Cazier replaced Lew D. Oliver as president of Chico State College in northern California. On June 1, 1972, Cazier brought Chico State College into the California State University system, renaming it California State University, Chico. He also oversaw campus expansion, including construction of some larger buildings on campus and the remodeling of the auditorium and administration buildings. During his presidency, the faculty expanded and unionized.
As university president, Cazier confronted issues at the school during the period between the political unrest of the 1960s and the community disruption of the 1980s. In late 1975 and early 1976, student protesters occupied the administration building while upset about the arming of campus security personnel. Cazier also experienced continual budget problems at the university. At his departure in 1979, the school suffered through a state budget crisis, potential budget cuts and continued student political protests. Despite the problems, Cazier was admired by student leaders, faculty, staff, and system-wide officials as an accessible leader and supporter of the academic community.
In 1979, Cazier began a new position as president of Utah State University. He would serve in this position until his retirement in 1992. In 1998, Utah State University named the Cazier Science and Technology Library in his honor. In 2005, the library and another were replaced by a larger consolidated facility named the Merrill-Cazier Library. Cazier remained a full-time professor at Utah State University until 1997 and continued to teach occasional classes as professor emeritus.
Personal struggles.
At the end of Cazier's tenure at USU, his wife Shirley developed Parkinson's disease, coupled with dementia. In November 1998, his son Paul developed glial blastoma, an inoperable, 100 percent fatal brain cancer. A week later, Cazier's sister was killed in an automobile accident while traveling to help care for Shirley, who would also die three months later.
Amidst this loss, a newspaper article quoted USU's research vice president, Peter Gerity, who said Cazier left the university with debts of three million dollars. In a telephone conversation, Cazier heatedly argued with and challenged Gerity to meet him to "help him get a clearer focus on the truth," to which Gerity called the campus police.
After this, Cazier worked to rebuild his life by volunteering with Meals on Wheels, nursing home reading and ESL students. In his retirement, Cazier also obtained a commercial driver's license to began driving a Semi-trailer truck.
Mormon studies.
Cazier has participated in several Mormon studies ventures. He was a member of the Editorial Board of "" during 1966, the inaugural year of the periodical, and was on the editorial board of "BYU Studies" from 1969–1974. He was published in "Dialogue" and presented to a Sunstone Symposium in 1981. As an associate of Leonard J. Arrington and other Mormon historians, Cazier was also involved in the organizing of the Mormon History Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18450428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450428" title="Indian alchemy">
Indian alchemy

Indian alchemy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18450437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450437" title="Aćimović">
Aćimović

Aćimović () or Ačimovič (in Slovenia) is a Serbian and Croatian surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18450448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450448" title="You Were Mine">
You Were Mine

"You Were Mine" is a song recorded by American country music group Dixie Chicks. It was released in December 1998 as the fourth single from the album "Wide Open Spaces". The song hit number one on the U.S. Country singles chart, spending two weeks there in March 1999. It also placed 34th on the Billboard Hot 100 Pop singles chart, and reached third place on Canada's country music chart.
History.
The song was written by 1995 by two of the founders of the original Dixie Chicks band, the Erwin sisters, who were not strangers to writing music and performing (they are now known as Martie Maguire and Emily Robison). Robison wrote most of the song, and Maguire supplied the bridge. It is a very autobiographical song, about the breakup of Robison's and Maguire's parents and their subsequent divorce. In one interview, when asked about it, Robison said that their parents generally "sweep it under the rug", saying, "They know it's about them, but we never talk about it. [laughs They don't want to bring it up because they're still weird around each other. My dad doesn't want to think it's about him, because it doesn't make him look very good, and my mom thinks she's moved on."
"You Were Mine" was a key factor in the events that brought the Dixie Chicks from near total obscurity to massive commercial success. Based on a recommendation from session musician and producer Lloyd Maines, the summer of 1995 the Erwin sisters invited Maines' daughter Natalie Maines, to return to her home in Lubbock, Texas to sing the lead vocal on a demo recording of the song, rather than using the Chicks' actual lead vocalist Laura Lynch to sing the part. At the time, the sisters told the other supporting musicians that this was only because Lynch was unavailable due to being out of town on a personal matter. In reality, the recording convinced both Natalie Maines that she would be comfortable singing a more pop and country rock focused format of country material (as opposed to their past purer bluegrass focus), and at the same time, confirmed what both sisters had suspected; that Maines had a powerful versatile voice that could complement their instrumental prowess. It led the sisters to remove Lynch and replace her with Maines.
When recording for the first-Maines-era album "Wide Open Spaces" began, "You Were Mine" was the only song the band was certain would be included. The recording has a solid country music sound. From the start, until the last strains of the song, Maguire's violin draws out a hushed, somewhat sorrowful tune. A dose of Lloyd Maines' steel guitar in the background – which also helped establish the record's traditional country categorization – and the mixture of Maines' vocals with the sisters' harmony set a tone of loss and regret.
"You Were Mine" was played during the group's 2000 first-headlining Fly Tour, where "Rolling Stone" called Maines' "powerhouse, nail-it-to-the-wall perfect delivery of achingly beautiful weeper" one of the highlights of the show, but was not played after up until the 2013 Long Time Gone tour.
Music video.
The music video for "You Were Mine" shows the Dixie Chicks checking into the Gramercy Park Hotel in New York. The sisters go up to their rooms looking tired and forlorn, but Maines circles around the revolving door and walks the neighboring Gramercy streets, singing the song. Occasional views of happier couples and families in the hotel are shown. At the end, Maguire is seen playing the song's final phrase on violin.
Chart positions.
"You Were Mine" debuted at number 69 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of December 12, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18450452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450452" title="Shanghai Lexicographical Publishing House">
Shanghai Lexicographical Publishing House

Shanghai Lexicographical Publishing House (Chinese: 上海辞书出版社) is a publishing house in mainland China, specialized in publishing reference works. Its precedent was the Ci Hai Editing Institute affiliated to Zhong Hua Book Co., founded in August, 1958. From January, 1978, it adopted the current name. Its ISBN code is 7-5326. 
The Publishing House is located on 457 North Shaanxi Rd of Jing'an District of Shanghai. 

</doc>
<doc id="18450460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450460" title="Yoruba calendar">
Yoruba calendar

The Yoruba calendar (Kojoda) year starts from 3 June to 2 June of the following year. According to this calendar, the Gregorian year 2008 A. D. is the 10050th year of Yoruba culture. The traditional Yoruba week has four days. The 4 days that are dedicated to the Orisa go as follow:
Day 1 is dedicated to Obatala (Sopanna, Iyaami, and the Egungun)
Day 2 is dedicated to Orunmila (Esu and Osun) *
Day 3 is dedicated to Ogun (Osoosi)
Day 4 is dedicated to Sango (Oya)
To reconcile with the Gregorian calendar, Yoruba people also measure time in seven days a week and four weeks a month. The four day calendar was dedicated to the Orisas and the seven day calendar is for doing business. 
The seven days are: Ojo-Aiku (Sunday), Oko-Aje (Monday), Ojo-Ishegun (Tuesday), Ojo-Riru (Wednesday), Ojo-Bo/Alamisi (Thursday), Ojo-Eti (Friday) and Ojo-Abameta (Saturday).
Time is measured in isheju (minutes), wakati (hours), ojo (days), ose (weeks), oshu (months) and odun (years). There are 60 (ogota) isheju in 1 (okan) wakati; 24 (merinlelogun) wakati in 1 ojo; 7 (meje) ojo in 1 ose; 4 (merin) ose in 1 oshu and 52 (ejileladota)ose in 1 (okan) odun. There are 12 (mejila) oshu in 1 (okan) odun.
Calendar Examples.
“KṒJṒDÁ” - 'Ki ṓjṓ dá: may the day be clear(ly foreseen), calendar'.
The traditional Yoruba calendar (Kojoda) has a 4-day week and 91 weeks in a year. 
The Yoruba year spans from 3 June of a Gregorian calendar year to 2 June of the following year. 
According to the calendar developed by the thinker, Remi-Niyi Alaran, the Gregorian year 2011 A. D. is the 10053th year of Yoruba records of time. With the British colonial and European cultural invasions, came the need to reconcile with the Gregorian calendar: Yoruba people also measure time in seven days a week and 52 weeks a year. 
Calendar Terminologies.
The alternative day names: Atalata, Alaruba, Alamisi and Jimoh are of Moslem / Islamic origin.
The year in Festivals.
Ajȯdun Yoruba 
Erele / February.
Olokún = Oríṣà of Okún, the deep seas or oceans, patron of sailors, and guardian of souls lost at sea.
Erele/Feb 21-25
Erénà / March.
Annual rites of passage for men
Èrèna/March 12 – 28 
Oduduwa (odudu, the dark pigment; ni ewa, is the beauty) / Iyaagbe (iya, mother; agbe, who receives) = Oríṣà of Earth and matron of the Ayé. Oduduwa endows the ebony dark skin pigment that accords greatest gifts of spirituality, beauty and intellect to the bearer. The essence of procreative love.
Èrèna/March 15 – 19
Oshosi = Oríṣà of Adventure and the hunt 
Èrèna/March 21 – 24:
Igbe / April.
Ogun = Oríṣà of the metal and war crafts, and engineering. The custodian of truth and executioner of justice, as such patron of the legal and counselling professions who must swear to uphold truth while biting on a piece of metal.
Oshun = Oríṣà of Fertility and custodian of the female essence. who guides pregnancies to term. 
Igbe starts last Saturday of April, for 5 days-
Onset of wet season (Spring)
Èbìbí / May.
Egungun (Commemoration of the Ancestors, including community founders and illustrious dead.
Èbíbí: starts last Saturday of May, for 7 days
Agẹmo / July.
Ọrúnmilà / Ifá = Oríṣà of Divination and founder of the Ifá sciences, whose divination is with 16 palm nuts. Mass gathering of the yoruba
Agẹmo: first and second weeks in July
Oko (Agriculture) Harvesting of the new Yam crop. 
Ẹlégba-Bara (Ẹlégba, one who has power to seize) / Eṣu (shu, to release eject from; ara, the body) = Oríṣà of male essence and Power, who is the great Communicator and messenger of the will of Olódùmarè. No woman should bara (ba ra, to rub with, have intercourse with) a man who has not done Ikola (circumcision: ike, cutting; ola, that saves) in sacrifice to Ẹlégba. 
Agẹmo second weekend of July
Ṣàngo (shan, to strike:/ Jakuta:ja, fight; pẹlu okuta, with stones). The Oríṣà of Energy – Ara (Thunder) and Manamana, make fire (Lightning) whose divination is with 16 cowries and whose messenger and water-bearer is Oshumare (the Rainbow).
Agẹmo: third week of July
Ogun / August.
Ọbàtálá = (Obà,to possess; ti ala, of visions or Oríṣà-nla, the principal Oríṣà). Patriarch of Òrún-Rere, the heaven of goodly spirits and beneficial ancestors. As Olódùmarè is too powerful and busy to be pre-occupied by the affairs of any one living being. Ọbàtálá functions as the principal emissary of Olódùmarè on Aye, and is the custodian of Yoruba culture. The aso-ala (white cloth) worn by Ọbàtálá initiates is to signify need to be pure in intent and action: A recurring punishment for social misfits was to try to keep white cloth clean in Africa's tropical and dusty climate. The misappropriation of aso-ala connection to Ọbàtálá was/is a major weapon against the Yoruba in their psychological resistance of foreign invasion, as Christian and Islamic converts were/are indoctrinated that anything considered 'white' is pure: a notion that has also become a key tenet of racialist supremacy
Ogun: last weekend of August
Ọwara / October.
Oya (Orísà of the odo Oya (river Niger) whose messenger is Afefe (the Wind), and guardian of gateway between the physical realm (Aye) and the spiritual realm (Òrún).
Ọwaro
Osun (Orísà of the odo Oṣun and patron of the (sovereign) Ijebu nation
Ọwaro third weekend of October
Onset of the dry season (Autumn)
Shigidi (Orísà of Òrún-Apadi, the realm of the unsettled spirits and the ghosts of the dead that have left Aye and are forsaken of Òrún-Rere. Custodian of nightmares and patron of assassins. 
Solemn candlelight to guide the unsettled away from your residence, else they settle in your dolls or other toys.
Ọwaro 30 World Slavery Day?
Òpé / December.
Obajulaiye (Oríṣà of Ṣòwò (Commerce) and owo (wealth).
Òpé 15
Onset of the second dry season (winter solstice)

</doc>
<doc id="18450476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450476" title="Jaysville, Ohio">
Jaysville, Ohio

Jaysville is a small unincorporated community about 1 mile southeast of Greenville in Darke County, Ohio, United States. It lies along State Route 49 one mile southeast of the county seat of Greenville and 4 miles north of Arcanum. The community is on the south side of State Route 49 and the Greenville Industrial Park is on the opposite side.

</doc>
<doc id="18450487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450487" title="Andrea Pazzagli">
Andrea Pazzagli

Andrea Pazzagli (January 18, 1960 – July 31, 2011) was an Italian footballer who played as a goalkeeper, most notably for A.C. Milan in the late 1980s and early 1990s. 
After retiring he became a goalkeeping coach; after working for AC Milan and Fiorentina, in 2011 he joined the Italian national team coaching staff.
Pazzagli died of a heart attack on 31 July 2011 whilst on holiday in Punta Ala, Tuscany.
Pazzagli's son Edoardo followed in his footsteps and also became a goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="18450491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450491" title="Aaron Tuten">
Aaron Tuten

Aaron Daniel Tuten (born in Lubbock, Texas) is a UH-60 Blackhawk crew chief and recipient of the Air Medal with Valor Device.
Biography.
Tuten grew up the son of a Military Officer and subsequently moved around often in early life, spending time in Fort Hood, TX and Fort Rucker, AL before finally settling with his family in Tampa, FL. The oldest of five siblings, Tuten graduated from River Ridge High School in New Port Richey, FL in 2003.
Tuten enlisted in the U.S. Army and began his service on September 9, 2003. He completed Basic Training at Fort Jackson, SC before completing his Advanced Individual Training (AIT) at Fort Eustis, VA. Immediately upon completion of AIT, Tuten was stationed in the Republic of Korea where he flew Air Ambulance (Medevac) missions before returning to state side duty with the 101st Airborne Division at Fort Campbell, KY. Tuten was deployed to his first combat tour in Iraq in 2005. Tuten was assigned to his second combat tour in Afghanistan in December 2007. It was during this time that he earned the Air Medal with Valor Device for an extraction mission involving Special Forces troops. Coincidently, Tuten and his sister Lyndsay Danielle Tuten were both promoted to Sergeant E-5 on June 1, 2008.
Air Medal Recipient.
Tuten was awarded the Air Medal with Valor Device for a mission taking place on April 6, 2008 involving the extraction of six Special Forces troops during which time the Air Crew took Sniper Fire from Taliban forces and sustained damages to the Aircraft's Main Rotor System when a rocket-propelled grenade (RPG) exploded near the aft section of the aircraft. The award was formally presented on April 20, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18450495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450495" title="Tabarre">
Tabarre

Tabarre (Creole: "Taba") is a municipality in the Port-au-Prince Arrondissement, in the Ouest Department of Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="18450511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450511" title="Ackah">
Ackah

Ackah is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18450522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450522" title="Pemphigidae">
Pemphigidae

Pemphigidae is an insect family of the order Hemiptera. Pemphigidae are aphids that cause the plants they attack to produce galls in which they reside and feed. 

</doc>
<doc id="18450525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450525" title="1832 in France">
1832 in France

"See also:" 
1831 in France, 
1833 in France.
Events from the year 1832 in France.

</doc>
<doc id="18450530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450530" title="Thomazeau">
Thomazeau

Thomazeau (Creole: "Tomazo") is a municipality in the Croix-des-Bouquets Arrondissement, in the Ouest Department of Haiti.
It has 52,017 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18450532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450532" title="International Ministerial Council of Great Britain">
International Ministerial Council of Great Britain

The International Ministerial Council of Great Britain (formerly the Shiloh United Church of Christ) is a Christian denomination in Great Britain. Set up in 1968, it is a membership body for black and minority ethnic Pentecostal churches, with the aim of fostering unity, respect, and understanding. It is a member of Churches Together in England. It is designated as a church to which the Church of England (Ecumenical Relations) Measure 1988 applies, and recognised as a religious body by the UK Border Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="18450558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450558" title="Grande Commande">
Grande Commande

The grande commande was a commission ordered by Louis XIV for statues intended to decorate the "parterre d’eau" of the gardens of the Palace of Versailles, as initially conceived in 1672. The commission, which included 24 statues and four groups, was ordered in 1674. Designed by Charles Le Brun from Cesare Ripa’s "Iconologia", the statues were executed by the foremost sculptors of the day (Blunt, 1980; Friedman, 1988, 1993; Nolhac, 1913; Thompson, 2006; Verlet, 1985).
Owing to concerns of the effects of the vertical lines of the statues in relations to the garden façade of the château, the statues of the grande commande were transferred to other locations in the gardens in 1684 (Berger, 1985; Blunt, 1980; Friedman, 1988, 1993; Marie, 1968; Nolhac, 1901, 1913; Thompson, 2006; Verlet, 1985; Weber, 1993).
The 24 statues were personifications of the classic quaternities:
The four groupings represented the four classic Abductions:
Sources.
Books
Journals

</doc>
<doc id="18450561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450561" title="40th meridian east">
40th meridian east

The meridian 40° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Asia, Africa, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 40th meridian east forms a great circle with the 140th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 40th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18450562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450562" title="Kyte">
Kyte

Kyte are an electronic indie pop group, from Leicestershire, England.
Kyte comprise Nick Moon (vocals), Tom Lowe (guitars and keyboards), Scott Hislop (drums and percussion). Their earlier musical output was often labelled shoegazing (or neo-shoegazing) and post rock but they have since moved into a more electro and pop influenced sound. Their debut single, "Planet," was released in 2007 on Sonic Cathedral Recordings, the b-side of which, "Boundaries," was used in a trailer for the television series The Sopranos in the United States. Their debut album was released in 2008 on Kids Records (UK) / Erased Tapes Records (EU) to generally positive reviews. In April 2009 they released their second full length release "Science For The Living" in Japan. The two disc Japan release featured tracks taken from their 2008 "Two Sparks, Two Stars" EP, with the remaining tracks being new material. The bonus disc included a remix from The Joy Formidable of the opening track on Disc 1, "Eyes Lose Their Fire."
The band have toured extensively throughout Europe and Asia as well as appearing at many festivals including the 10th Anniversary Summer Sonic Festival in Japan.
During April 2012 the band travelled to Seattle to work with producer John Goodmanson (Nada Surf, Blonde Redhead, Los Campesinos) at the Robert Lang Studios. Their newest album, titled "Love To Be Lost", was released in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18450579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450579" title="Anse-Rouge">
Anse-Rouge

Anse-Rouge (Creole: "Ans Wouj") is a municipality in the Gros-Morne Arrondissement, in the Artibonite Department of Haiti.
It has 32,104 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18450580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450580" title="Howell Hansel">
Howell Hansel

Howell Hansel (1860 – 6 November 1917), was an American film director. He directed 26 films between 1913 and 1917.
He was born in Indiana, USA and died in New York, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18450591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450591" title="Lavington School">
Lavington School

Lavington School is a secondary school in Market Lavington, Wiltshire, England. The school has no sixth form, but does include English School Years 7 to 11. The school holds specialist Maths and Computing College status. The current headteacher is Martin Watson. It became an academy in January 2011.
Buildings.
The school complex includes a sports hall, main hall, main building, drama block, humanities block and science block. There are also numerous non-educational buildings situated around the site, including a farm previously acquired by the school.

</doc>
<doc id="18450608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450608" title="Nikolay Pavlov">
Nikolay Pavlov

Nikolay Pavlov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18450613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450613" title="Arocatus roeselii">
Arocatus roeselii

Arocatus roeselii is a species of lygaeid bug about a centimetre long and is found in Europe.
The insect is similar to "Arocatus roeselii", which is somewhat rare in central Europe. It was found in large numbers in London by the Natural History Museum, London, England.

</doc>
<doc id="18450617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450617" title="Ennery, Artibonite">
Ennery, Artibonite

Ennery (Creole: "Ènri") is a municipality in the Gonaïves Arrondissement, in the Artibonite Department of Haiti.
It has 31,285 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18450627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450627" title="Lee Holdridge">
Lee Holdridge

Lee Elwood Holdridge (born March 3, 1944) is a Haitian-born American composer and orchestrator.
Biography.
Holdridge was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, of a Puerto-Rican mother and an American father, the botanist and climatologist Leslie Holdridge. While living in Costa Rica, at age ten, he studied the violin with Hugo Mariani, who was at the time the conductor of the National Symphony Orchestra of Costa Rica. Holdridge then moved to Boston, where he finished high school and studied composition with Henry Lasker.
As an adult, Holdridge moved to New York City to continue his music studies and begin his career as a professional composer. There, he composed chamber works, rock pieces, songs, theater music and background scores for short films, and eventually came to Neil Diamond's notice. Diamond then brought Holdridge with him to Los Angeles to write arrangements for his forthcoming albums. After several gold and platinum hits, the two collaborated on the film score for "Jonathan Livingston Seagull".
Holdridge has composed, conducted, and orchestrated for many films, some of the most notable being "Jeremy", "American Pop", "The Beastmaster", "Mr. Mom", "Splash", "Puerto Vallarta Squeeze", "A Tiger's Tale", "Beautiful Music", "" and "Brothers at War". He has also composed for several television series, including "The Mists of Avalon", "American Family", "The Brooke Ellison Story", and "Moonlighting".
Holdridge has performed and recorded in several concerts, including "The Golden Land", the "Jefferson Tribute", his suite from the opera "Lazarus and His Beloved", the "Concerto for Viola and Chamber Orchestra", the "Concertino for Violoncello and Strings", the "Serenade for Oboe and Strings", the "Fantasy Sonata for ‘Cello and Piano", the "Elegy for Strings and Harp", and "Sonnet" for soprano and orchestra. 
He has also written, arranged and conducted for recording artists such as Helen Reddy, Plácido Domingo, Barbra Streisand, Brian May of Queen, Stevie Wonder, John Denver, Neil Sedaka, The Angels, Daniel Rodriguez, Al Jarreau, George Benson, Peabo Bryson, Dionne Warwick, Diana Ross, Natalie Cole, Whitney Houston and Jane Olivor.
Lee is married to ex ballet dancer Elisa Justice. She is presently Western Region Audition Co-Director of the Metropolitan Opera National Council, hosts her own classical music radio show called "Eclectic Classics" and is co-producing a new album.
Awards and nominations.
Primetime Emmy awards:
Daytime Emmy awards:
Sports Emmy awards:
News and Documentary Emmy awards:
Grammy awards:
ASCAP Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="18450631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450631" title="Lila Chester">
Lila Chester

Lila Chester was an American actress. She appeared in 38 films between 1912 and 1918.
She was born in Richmond, Virginia, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="18450638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450638" title="Ackerley">
Ackerley

Ackerley is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18450641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450641" title="Gros-Morne, Artibonite">
Gros-Morne, Artibonite

Gros-Morne (Creole: "Gwo Mòn") is a municipality in the Gros-Morne Arrondissement, in the Artibonite Department of Haiti.
It has 7,294 inhabitants (2010).Gros-Morne is a rural city in Haiti. Gwo Mòn means "big mountain" in Haitian Creole.

</doc>
<doc id="18450645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450645" title="Lentheng Helen Mekgwe">
Lentheng Helen Mekgwe

Lentheng Helen Mekgwe is the mayor-elect of Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality, South Africa, succeeding Duma Nkosi.
Information.
She was previously speaker of the Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Council (2001 to 2008), councillor in 1995, serving as mayor of Nigel (TLC), then served as an ordinary councillor from 2000 to 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18450646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450646" title="Russian pornography and erotica">
Russian pornography and erotica

Russian pornography and erotica.
Pornography in the Soviet Union.
Pornography in the Soviet Union was largely suppressed until the final years of the USSR. According to "The Pornography and Erotica Debate: USSR", sex in general was viewed as "a wasteful consumer of energies better devoted to the building of Communism." Genrikh Yagoda, the third head of the NKVD, was accused during his trial (besides espionage and high treason) of storing a great number of pornographic films and pictures. Such accusations were also faced by Nikolai Yezhov, who followed Yagoda. More recently, possession could get up to 3 years in prison, or a 3000 ruble fine. The 1988 Soviet film "Malenkaya Vera" was the first to feature a sex scene. The resolution on Glasnost stated, "Glasnost must not be used... disseminate pornography" but by September 1989, calendars of topless women for the year 1990 were being sold in Moscow.
Terminology.
Russian directors and the entire community of adult-movie fans, critiques, and others intrigued by the rare sexual appeal of the Russian movies, often shun away from using the term pornography. Rightfully so, they prefer a more accurate term of erotica, which stands for a more creative and passionate dramatic performance.
Another reason for the use of the term erotica as opposed to pornography has its roots in the etymology of words and their established use in Russian society. The word porn, while spelled the same around the globe, may mean one thing in New York and stand for an entirely different concept in Moscow. There is no legal definition of pornography in Russia, but the social and linguistic look at the word makes it disreputable and notorious. 
Erotica in Russia, on the other hand, often refers to sophisticated and refined adult entertainment, with or without close-up shots and vivid exposure of penetration. Instead on commenting on so to speak, technical attributes, the term Erotica rather contracts an approach that describes the nature and spirit of the movie as such. Say, a classy movie emerged in the luxury of early 19th century Russian noble life and depicting sexual merriment in glorious historical palaces, would definitely be classified as high-class erotica, irrespectively of the technical details such as close-ups and penetration.
Legal issues.
In 1996 section 242 in "Russian Criminal Code" became a federal legislation that prohibited sale and production of "illegal" pornographic materials (dead link) . The section provides for a penalty of up to 2 years in prison. Authorities missed a critical definition—the one of actual pornography. While pornography is officially illegal to sell in Russia, the law doesn’t spell out in exact terms the subject of the ban. Russian erotica is sold openly in sex shops and DVD stores. Newspapers publish information about police raids on such places on a monthly basis.

</doc>
<doc id="18450647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450647" title="Bavarian P 3/5 N">
Bavarian P 3/5 N

The 36 locomotives of Class P 3/5 N of the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn") were built between 1905 and 1907 by Maffei. The P 3/5 N evolved from the S 3/5 express train locomotive and had likewise a four-cylinder compound configuration. Compared with the S 3/5 the P 3/5 N had a smaller boiler but the same size cylinders. The P 3/5 N could haul a 350 ton train at 80 km/h on the level.
Six locomotives were destroyed in World War I; 17 more had to be handed over as reparations. The remaining 13 locomotives were taken over by the Deutsche Reichsbahn as Class 38.0.
The S 3/6 had already displaced these locomotives from the higher value passenger services.
Following positive experience with the Class P 3/5 H, the later DRG Class 38.4, in 1921, all P 3/5 N were converted from saturated to superheated steam operation between 1924 and 1925. The vehicles were nevertheless retired between 1932 and; the last locomotive in service was the 38 003.
The engines were equipped with Bavarian 2'2' T 18,2 tenders.

</doc>
