<doc id="18521181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521181" title="Glossary of Australian rules football">
Glossary of Australian rules football

This page is a glossary of Australian rules football. Australian rules football is a team sport played between two teams of twenty-two players. The sport has several different names, including football, footy and Aussie rules. Where words in a sentence are also defined elsewhere in this article, they appear in "italics". 

</doc>
<doc id="18521186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521186" title="Utah State Route 96">
Utah State Route 96

State Route 96 (SR-96) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah, connecting SR-264 and the town of Scofield to US-6 in a span of . The route is known as the Eccles Canyon Scenic Byway, part of The Energy Loop, a National Scenic Byway.
Route description.
The highway begins in the town of Clear Creek, Utah and heads north as a two-lane undivided highway. The route then reaches SR-264 and turns east on the Eccles Canyon Scenic Byway as a continuation of SR-264. Past this intersection, the road turns north-northwest and soon enters Scofield. Past Scofield, the route continues northwesterly to pass the west shore of the Scofield Reservoir. On the northwestern side of the Reservoir, SR-96 passes on the Scofield Dam and then heads north, north-northwest, and due east to terminate at US-6, south of Soldier Summit and northeast of Helper.
History.
The highway was relocated during the construction of the Scofield Dam in 1943 by the W.W. Clyde Company of Springville, Utah. During 1945, SR-96 was completed crossing the old spillway and connecting it with the dam. From the south end of the dam, it connected to the old route, continuing into Scofield.

</doc>
<doc id="18521190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521190" title="Mickle Trafford railway station">
Mickle Trafford railway station

Mickle Trafford railway station was a station on the Birkenhead Joint Railway in Mickle Trafford, Cheshire.
History and operations.
The station was open for the use by passengers between 1889 and 1951 when it was closed and was subsequently demolished. Although all traces of the station have now been removed, the site remains an active operational location, as the Mid-Cheshire Line joins the main Chester - Warrington (Bank Quay) - Manchester Piccadilly line at this point and Mickle Trafford signal box remains in use to work the junction between the two routes.

</doc>
<doc id="18521197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521197" title="Proastio, Kozani">
Proastio, Kozani

Proastio (, South Slavic: Дурутово, "Durutovo" or Дорутово, "Dorutovo") is a village located 4 km southeast of Ptolemaida, in Kozani regional unit, within the Greek region of Macedonia. It is situated at an altitude of 639 meters. The postal code is 50200, while the telephone code is +30 24630. As of the 1991 census, the population was 829. 

</doc>
<doc id="18521217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521217" title="The Moving Finger (disambiguation)">
The Moving Finger (disambiguation)

The Moving Finger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18521229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521229" title="Waitahora Wind Farm">
Waitahora Wind Farm

The Waitahora Wind Farm is a renewable energy project in New Zealand planned by Contact Energy. This development is proposed to be located on the Puketoi Range which forms one side of the picturesque Waitahora Valley, near Dannevirke in Southern Hawke’s Bay.
It is planned for up to 65 wind turbines with a capacity of up to 177 MW. The proposed towers are to be 100m high, with a total height of 150m. The windfarm was opposed by a local residents group, claiming to represent a large proportion of local residents.
In 2013, Contact announced that the project would not proceed in the foreseeable future.
Resource consent process.
The windfarm requires resource consent approval, a licensing process administered by local government. The consent application for this project was publicly notified on 30 September and submissions closed on 30 October 2008. The consent hearing was held in February 2009. Three independent landscape architects gave evidence at the hearing, and all agreed that the Puketoi range was an outstanding natural landscape.
The application for resource consents for this project was declined in 2009. This is not unusual, as several renewable energy projects have been declined resource consents (see Awhitu, Mokau hydro, Mount Cass, Te Waka).
Contact Energy appealed the decision to decline the consent application. One of the consenting authorities, Horizons Regional Council, has since stated that consents should not have been declined on the basis of discharge of contaminants to groundwater, and that the consents should be granted. The Environment Court upheld the appeal and granted consents for the wind farm in 2010.
Related issues.
There are several other industrial wind farm developments planned for the district, which are yet to be officially notified. Five power companies (including Contact Energy, developer of the proposed Waitahora Wind Farm) have asked for the district plan to be modified to avoid hindering wind energy generation projects. TrustPower has asked for the Puketoi ranges to be removed from the list of outstanding natural features, or for "skyline" to be more clearly defined. Contact Energy has also asked for the Puketoi Ranges to be removed from the Council list of outstanding natural features until a district wide assessment of landscape features can be undertaken, despite their own landscape architect (as well as two others) already concluding that the Puketoi Range is indeed an outstanding natural feature (see references below). These changes would make it easier to get local government approval for large scale wind energy developments. The power companies involved have not publicised their attempts to change the district plan. Cross submissions on the proposed District Plan closed on 3 October 2008.
Transpower, the national grid owner-operator, has issues exporting electricity generated from the area, as there are no appropriate transmission lines to connect to in the area. Although the nearest lines are 20 km away at Dannevirke, they are low capacity 110 kV lines that are already constrained by generation from the Te Apiti Wind Farm connecting at Woodville. Even with the now completed reconductoring of the Woodville-Mangamaire-Masterton line, and the proposed reconductoring of the Woodville-Bunnythorpe line, only 110 MW of generation could be potentially attached to the existing lines. For the Waitahora wind farm to be connected the national grid, a new 220 kV transmission would have to be built from the wind farm to Bunnythorpe substation or the Bunnythorpe-Linton-Haywards-Wilton 220 kV line

</doc>
<doc id="18521230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521230" title="Augusta">
Augusta

Augusta, the feminine form of the Latin adjective "augustus", was a title given to some Roman Empresses.
It was also part of the original Latin names of some ancient and later places named after the Emperor Augustus.
Augusta can also mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18521231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521231" title="Halton railway station">
Halton railway station

Halton railway station was a station in Halton, Cheshire on the Birkenhead Joint Railway. It was closed in 1952. 

</doc>
<doc id="18521254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521254" title="Superior Bank of Chicago">
Superior Bank of Chicago

The Superior Bank FSB was a Hinsdale, Illinois-based savings and loan association that collapsed in July 2001
Synopsis.
Superior opened in 1988 under conditions created by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, which made generous arrangements for the takeover of several failed thrifts. The bank was a 50-50 partnership between the Pritzkers(the elder Jay, Penny and Thomas) and real estate investor Alvin Dworman, who ran Superior from his New York office after Jay Pritzker's death in 1997. The Pritzkers and Dworman bought the failed Lyons Federal for the relatively modest price of $42.5 million, with each using a shell corporation to control half of Coast-to-Coast Financial Corporation (CCFC), a holding company created to own Superior. 
In July 2001, Superior was seized by federal banking regulators after the Pritzkers reneged on a recapitalization program. The Pritzker family entered into a $460 million, 15 year, interest-free settlement in December 2001 to protect the family's business reputation and avoid civil forfeiture and litigation. At the time, Superior Bank was the largest bank failure in more than a decade. As of March 2012, former Superior Bank depositors are still owed over $10 million.
July 2001 collapse.
According to a press release from the Office of Thrift Supervision,
George Kaufman, a finance professor at Loyola University Chicago called Superior's failure "a tale of gross mismanagement," adding that 
"was engaged in relatively unethical practices, fancy-footwork accounting, playing it very close to the edge."
Kaufman says many share in the blame for the mess-the bank's managers, directors, and auditors, as well as banking regulators-but he also wonders how the Pritzkers, as co-owners, could have allowed it to happen. "One of the great mysteries to me is what the Pritzkers were up to, why they took these chances," he said. "It makes no sense given their wealth and visibility."
Settlement by the Pritzkers.
In December 2001, the Pritzkers agreed to pay a record $460 million to the federal government to avoid being punished for the failure of Superior Bank FSB. It was a 15 year, interest-free settlement that granted the Pritzkers a share of the government's settlement with the bank's former accountants. In June 2012, news reports revealed that the Pritzker family received a discount in 2011 on the 2001 settlement.
“'The depositors got nicked coming, going and after the fact,'” said Clinton Krislov, a lawyer who represents depositors whose accounts exceeded the $100,000 covered by FDIC insurance. “'The depositors have gotten all they will from the Pritzkers.'”
RICO lawsuit.
In 2002 uninsured depositors filed federal class-action charges under the RICO Act against one-time board chairwoman Penny Pritzker, her cousin Thomas Pritzker, Dworman, other bank principals and Ernst & Young. Plaintiffs’ attorney Clint Krislov claimed that those who controlled Superior induced depositors to put money in the bank, “corruptly” funneling money out of the bank to “fraudulently” profit the owners.

</doc>
<doc id="18521268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521268" title="The Citadel (1960 British miniseries)">
The Citadel (1960 British miniseries)

The Citadel was a 1960 British television adaptation of A. J. Cronin's 1937 novel, "The Citadel". The series was directed by John Frankau and produced by Peter Graham Scott. It starred Eric Lander as Dr. Andrew Manson, and Zena Walker as Christine, his wife. This television adaptation is entirely missing (all nine episodes are believed lost).
Other television versions include an American (1960), another British (1983), and two Italian (1964 & 2003) adaptations.

</doc>
<doc id="18521285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521285" title="Antirrhinum coulterianum">
Antirrhinum coulterianum

Antirrhinum coulterianum (syn. "Sairocarpus coulterianus") is a species of New World snapdragon known by the common name Coulter's snapdragon. 
It is native to southern California and Baja California, where it grows in desert shrublands and in the coastal hills and mountains, especially in areas that have recently burned. 
Description.
"Antirrhinum coulterianum" is an annual herb producing an erect stem which often clings to objects or other plants for support. It is mostly hairless, except for the inflorescence at the top, which can be quite woolly. 
Leaves are sparse and generally linear and there is often a basal rosette of leaves at the base of the stem; this is the only "Antirrhinum" that forms such a rosette. 
The top of the mostly naked stem is occupied by a raceme inflorescence of white snapdragon flowers, which are often tinted with lavender or pink, especially when newly opened. Each flower is about a centimeter wide.

</doc>
<doc id="18521299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521299" title="Frédéric Labadie-Lagrave">
Frédéric Labadie-Lagrave

Frédéric Labadie-Lagrave (August 16, 1844 – 1917) was a French physician who made important contributions to medical literature. 
Biography.
Born at Nérac (department of Lot-et-Garonne), Labadie-Lagrave studied medicine in Paris. During the Franco-Prussian War, while still a resident, he saved a large convoy and was decorated on the battleground at Metz. He took his doctor's degree in 1873. In 1879 he became "médecin des hôpitaux" in Paris, practicing notably at the Charité hospital.
With Germain Sée (1818–1896) Labadie-Lagrave wrote the multi-volume "Médecine clinique", to which he made extensive contributions on urology and diseases of the liver, kidneys and bile ducts. Sée's lectures on the diagnostic and treatment of heart diseases were published under his care.
With Felix Legueu (1863–1939) he published "Traité médico-chirurgical de gynécologie", an influential book on medical-surgical gynecology.
He also contributed numerous articles to Sigismond Jaccoud's "Nouveau dictionnaire de médecine et de chirurgie pratiques" (for example "gout", "hydrophobia", "meninges", "nerves").
Labadie-Lagrave translated the first American treatise about neurology, W. A. Hammond's "Diseases of the nervous system", C. A. Wunderlich's pioneer German book on body temperature "Das Verhalten der Eigenwärme in Krankheiten" and Siegmund Rosenstein's "Die Pathologie und Therapie der Nierenkrankheiten".
He retired in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="18521349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521349" title="Arabtec">
Arabtec

Arabtec Construction LLC is the largest construction company in the Persian Gulf by market value.
Arabtec has executed a number of high-profile construction projects, including the Burj Khalifa (the tallest building in the world), the fit out of Burj Al Arab (fourth tallest hotel in the world that was constructed by Al Habtoor Engineering Enterprises in partnership with Murray and Roberts ), Terminal 1 of Dubai International Airport and passenger terminal of Dubai World Central International Airport. Major high-profile projects under execution include the underground cycle works forLakhta Center in St. Petersburg (the tallest building in Europe), Infinity Tower and Dubai Sports City.
Arabtec has business agreements with a number of major construction conglomerates across the world, including the Saudi Binladin Group and Raheja Developers of India.
Overview.
Arabtec Construction is a multinational construction company that is headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, where it is one of the leading companies in its sector. Arabtec Construction was established in Dubai in 1975 and has completed a number of projects in different construction sectors such as High Rise Developments, Hotels and Hotel Interiors, Office Blocks, Commercial Developments, Industrial Projects, Major Airport Developments, Stadiums, Infrastructure and Drainage works, Offshore Oil and Gas Installations and Residential Complexes.
Growth in Dubai was followed by geographical diversification and local and international expansion. Arabtec Construction has associated companies based in Abu Dhabi, Jordan, Pakistan, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia and Syria. Arabtec Construction operates under Arabtec Holding PJSC. The group now consists of 13 subsidiaries, each one providing end-to-end contracting services across the construction value chain.
Arabtec Holding was the first privately held company as well as the first construction company to go public in the UAE. The company was listed on the Dubai Financial Market (DFM) in 2005 and since the IPO the stock has been one of the most traded in the region. In 2010 Dubai Financial Market awarded Arabtec Holding as the most traded stock from year 2000 to 2010.
History.
Originally founded in 1975, Arabtec took advantage of the emerging markets in the UAE during the construction boom of the 1970s. Arabtec Construction started as a construction company specialized in high tech civil engineering and infrastructure works.
During the 1980s Arabtec began an involvement with the oil and gas sectors in Abu Dhabi. In 1995 Arabtec diversified into airport work which played a key role in the company’s expansion and its rise to become one of the top contractors in Dubai. In the 1990s Arabtec also expanded into the villa sector. The expansion into villas and housing led to the creation of a division called Arabtec Living, which marked a key milestone in the expansion and growth of the company. As early as in 1976 Arabtec made its first foray into high rise construction.
In 2011, Arabtec formed a joint-venture with Raheja Developers of India. Raheja Developers awarded construction contracts worth US$204 million to the JV. The company's first project is to construct a 56 storied, 196 meter high residential complex, known as "Raheja Revanta", in Gurgaon.
In 2013, Arabtec formed a joint-venture with Samsung Engineering of South Korea. They will collaborate to undertake large-scale projects in oil & gas, power and infrastructure in the Middle East and North Africa. Arabtec-Samsung will bid for contracts that range from $3 billion to $10 billion in value.
Controversy.
In a 2009 BBC Panorama program, Arabtec was exposed as treating their migrant workers inhumanely. The program showed how Arabtec failed to provide its workers with basic amenities to live with conditions deteriorating rapidly across the camp.
Armed with secret cameras, BBC reporters sneaked into the camp to be met with the smell of raw sewage. Sewage had leaked out all over the camp, and workers had to create a network of stepping stones to cross it and get back to their accommodation blocks.
Documents which had been obtained by the BBC clearly show that a month previous to the television crews' visit, the Dubai municipality described the sewage situation at the site as critical. Arabtec had also been fined 10,000 AED, which is approximately £2,000, for neglecting hygiene standards and allowing sewage to overflow into accommodation used by workers.
Arabtec said it did not accept that there were unsanitary conditions at any of its camps' toilets. It blamed the workers, saying, despite training, their "standards of cleanliness and hygiene are not up to your or our standards".
Arabtec holds back monies from the employees, has total disregard for H&S
Major services and projects.
Arabtec is one of the largest contractors for civil and infrastructure works, having executed several notable projects such as the Burj Khalifa, completed in January 2010 the tower is the tallest in the world standing 828 metres above ground.
Major projects executed or under progress —
Expansion plans.
Arabtec Construction has announced plans to expand into the emerging markets of the Middle East and North Africa (MENA region). Plans are set to enter Algeria, Angola, Azerbaijan, Libya, and Turkmenistan.
Arabtec was in 2009 ranked as the 104th largest Global Contractor, based on the total firm contracting revenue, according to the Engineering News Record.
Awards.
Company awards
World Finance Company of the Decade 2000-2010, World Finance Magazine March–April 2011, (2011)
World Finance Company of the Decade 2001 – 2010 by World Finance Magazine March–April 2011 
The Big Project b-green Award 2011 Contractor of the Year
Certificate of Exemplary Performance to Arabtec Qatar from Ministry of Labour – National Committee for Health and Safety – Qatar – 2012
Most Traded Stock from year 2000 to 2010, Dubai Financial Market, (2010)
Construction Firm of the year, NASEBA Kingdom Expansion Congress, (2009)
Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum (MRM) Business Award 2008, Construction Category, (2008)
UAE Top Contractor 2008, Construction World Gulf Awards, (2008)
Company of the Year, Arabian Business Awards, (2007)
Best Contracting Company in UAE 2007, Al Mazaya Group, (2007)
Project awards
The Address, Downtown Burj Dubai – Burj Lake Hotel: Best Hotel in the World in 2011 at Global Traveller Awards
AIA Chicago: Distinguished Building Award Citation of Merit- Burj Khalifa
AIA Chicago: Interior Architecture Award Citation of Merit-Public Areas at the Residences of Burj Khalifa.
MEED GCC Building Project Of The Year 2012
MEED UAE Building Project Of The Year 2012
The Address, Downtown Dubai - New Hotel 2008 at the World Hotel Award, (2008)
Infinity Towers - Six World Class Design Awards, Cayan Investment Development
Sanctuary Falls, 96 Villas - Best Golf Development, CNBC, Arabian Property Award, (2007)
Le Reve - Best Luxury Development in the world Gold Awards, Home Overseas Magazine Awards, UK, (2006)
Le Reve - Best Use of Technology, Home Overseas Magazine Awards, UK, (2006)
Emirates Hills - Gold Award, Home Overseas Magazine Awards, UK, (2005)

</doc>
<doc id="18521351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521351" title="Valente, Mozambique">
Valente, Mozambique

Valente is a town in Mozambique lying on the Zambezi River.
Transport.
It is a branch terminus of a railway line on the Mozambique Railway system.

</doc>
<doc id="18521352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521352" title="National Translation Award">
National Translation Award

The National Translation Award is an annual prize given by the American Literary Translators Association to an exceptional translation of a book-length work published in the preceding calendar year. As of 2010 the prize is worth $5,000. The award is usually given to translations of previously untranslated contemporary works or first-time translations of older works, but important re-translations have also been honored.
The Lucien Stryk Asian Translation Prize is awarded at the same time as the NTA by the ALTA and recognizes the best translation into English of book-length texts of Asian poetry or Zen Buddhism. The prize was established by an anonymous donor in 2010 and is worth $5,000. It named for Lucien Stryk, an American Zen poet and translator.
The awards are announced and honored at the annual ALTA conference held each fall.

</doc>
<doc id="18521372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521372" title="Climate change in China">
Climate change in China

The position of the Chinese government on climate change is contentious. China has ratified the Kyoto Protocol, but as a non-Annex I country which is not required to limit greenhouse gas emissions under terms of the agreement.
In 2002, on the basis of an analysis of fossil fuel consumption (including especially the coal power plants) and cement production data, that China surpassed the United States as the world's largest emitter of carbon dioxide, putting out 7,000 million tonnes, in comparison with America's 5,800 million.
According to data from the US Energy Information Administration China was the top emitter by fossil fuels CO2 in 2009 China: 7,710 million tonnes (mt) (25.4%) ahead of US: 5,420 mt (17.8%), India: 5.3%, Russia: 5.2% and Japan: 3.6%.
China was also the top emitter of all greenhouse gas emissions including building and deforestation in 2005: China: 7,220 mt (16.4%), US: 6,930 mt (15.7%), 3. Brazil 6.5%, 4. Indonesia: 4.6%, 5. Russia 4.6%, 6. India 4.2%, 7. Japan 3.1%, 8. Germany 2.3%, 9. Canada 1.8%, and 10. Mexico 1.6%.
In the cumulative emissions between 1850 and 2007 the top emitters were: 1. US 28.8% 2. China: 9.0%, 3. Russia 8.0%, 4. Germany 6.9%, 5. UK 5.8%, 6. Japan 3.9%, 7. France 2.8%, 8. India 2.4%, 9.bvanan Canada 2.2% and 10. Ukraine 2.2%.
The carbon dioxide emissions per capita in China were 5.83 t/capita (with 80th top position) slightly higher than e.g. in Sweden 5.58 t/capita.
Cement.
According to the Dutch environmental research organization PBL (Planbureau voor de Leefomgeving, Netherlands Environmental Assessment Agency), cement production is a large source of carbon dioxide emissions in China. In 2008, China produced 51% of the world’s cement which made it the biggest emitter of CO2 in 2008.
Coal.
China is the largest consumer of coal in the world: in 2009 18,449 TWh of the world total 39,340 TWh.
China is now adding sulfur dioxide reducing technology to its power plants. It has been argued that the release of sulfur dioxide from burning coal has slowed global warming and has caused 4,698.3 deaths in the past decade. 
Effects of climate change.
China can suffer some of the effects of global warming, including sea level rise, glacier retreat and air pollution.
The implications of climate change, indubitably, impose serious setbacks on global health and will hinder the economic development of various regions worldwide impacting countries on more than just the basic environmental scale. As in the case of China, we will see the effects on a social and economic level.
China’s first National Assessment of Global Climate Change, released recently by the Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST), states that China already suffers from the environmental impacts of climate change: increase of surface and ocean temperature, rise of sea level. Qin Dahe,former head of China’s Meteorological Administration, has said that the temperatures in China are rising four times faster than anywhere else. Rising sea level is an alarming trend because China has a very long and densely populated coastline, with some of the most economically developed cities such as Shanghai, Tianjin, and Guangzhou situated there. Chinese research has estimated that a one-meter rise in sea level would inundate 92,000 square kilometres of China’s coast, thereby displacing 67 million.
There has also been an increased occurrence of climate-related disasters such as drought and flood and the amplitude is growing. They have grave consequences for productivity when they occur, and also create serious repercussions for natural environment and infrastructure. This threatens the lives of billions and aggravates poverty.
Furthermore, climate change will worsen the uneven distribution of water resources in China. Outstanding rises in temperature would exacerbate evapo-transpiration intensifying the risk of water shortage for agricultural production in the North. While because of the southern region’s over abundance in rainfall, most of its water is lost due to flooding. As the Chinese government faces challenges managing its expanding population, an increased demand for water to support the nation’s economic activity and people will burden the government. In essence, a water shortage is indeed a large concern for the country.
Lastly, climate change could endanger human health by increasing outbreaks of disease and their transmission. After floods, for example, infectious diseases such as diarrhea, cholera are all far more prevalent. These effects would exacerbate the degradation of the ecologically fragile areas in which poor communities are concentrated pushing thousands back into poverty.
Agriculture.
1°C of regional mean warming is estimated to reduce wheat yield 3 to 10 percent in China. Grain crops mature earlier at higher temperatures, reducing the critical growth period and leading to lower yields (You et al. 2009).
Diseases.
Some regions in China will be exposed to a 50 percent higher malaria transmission probability rate (Béguin et al., 2011).
IPCC.
According to IPCC (2007) from 1900 to 2005 precipitation has declined in parts of southern Asia. By the 2050s freshwater availability including large river basins is projected to decrease in Asian regions. Coastal areas, specially the delta areas in Asia are projected to have increased flooding risk. Floods and droughts are expected to increase health concerns: diseases and mortality.
Debate over China's economic responsibilities for climate change mitigation.
Both internationally and within the People's Republic of China, there has been an ongoing debate over China's economic responsibilities for climate change mitigation.
Climate change mitigation measures.
The People's Republic of China is an active participant in the climate change talks and other multilateral environmental negotiations, and claims to take environmental challenges seriously but is pushing for the developed world to help developing countries to a greater extent. It is a signatory to the Kyoto Protocol, although China is not required to reduce its carbon emissions under the terms of the present agreement.
The Chinese national carbon trading scheme was announced in November 2008 by the national government to enforce a compulsory carbon emission trading scheme across the country's provinces as part of its strategy to create a "low carbon civilisation". The scheme would allow provinces to earn money by investing in carbon capture systems in those regions that fail to invest in the technology.
In 2004, Premier Wen Jiabao promised to use an “iron hand” to make China more energy efficient. China has surpassed the rest of the world as the biggest investor in wind turbines and other renewable energy technology. And it has dictated tough new energy standards for lighting and gas kilometrage for cars. With $34.6 billion invested in clean technology in 2009, China is the world's leading investor in renewable energy technologies. China produces more wind turbines and solar panels each year than any other country.
Coal is predicted to remain the most important power source in the near future but China has been seen as the world leader in clean coal technology.
Nuclear power is planned to be rapidly expanded. By mid-century fast neutron reactors are seen as the main nuclear power technology which allows much more efficient use of fuel reources.
China should push electric cars to curb its dependence on imported petroleum (oil) and foreign automobile technology, although they offer smaller cuts in carbon emissions than alternatives like hybrid electric vehicles, consulting firm McKinsey & Co says.
A 2011 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory report predicted that Chinese CO2 emissions will peak around 2030. This because in many areas such as infrastructure, housing, commercial building, appliances per household, fertilizers, and cement production a maximum intensity will be reached and replacement will take the place of new demand. Carbon emission intensity may decrease as policies become strengthened and more effectively implemented, including by more effective financial incentives, and as less carbon intensive energy supplies are deployed. In a "baseline" computer model CO2 emissions were predicted to peak in 2033; in an "Accelerated Improvement Scenario" they were predicted to peak in 2027.

</doc>
<doc id="18521376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521376" title="Lazar Elenovski">
Lazar Elenovski

Lazar Elenovski (born 19 March 1971 in Skopje, Macedonian:Лазар Еленовски) is a Republic of Macedonia politician, former Minister of Defence, elected on 26 August 2006. He is a graduate of the Faculty of Economy at the Ss. Cyril and Methodius University of Skopje, and married with two children. Currently, he is a president of a small political party called Social democratic union (SDU)

</doc>
<doc id="18521390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521390" title="26 cm Minenwerfer M 17">
26 cm Minenwerfer M 17

The 26 cm Minenwerfer M 17 was a heavy trench mortar used by Austria-Hungary in World War I. It was developed by Skoda as an alternative to copying captured Italian 240 mm Trench Mortars. Skoda presented two versions, one with a rigid barrel, and the other with a recoil system. The former was chosen as it was simpler to produce. It was a muzzle-loading, rifled mortar that had to be levered around to aim at new targets. It disassembled into four pieces for transport.
First deliveries began in March 1918. Production averaged between thirty-six and forty a month for the rest of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="18521403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521403" title="Meemure">
Meemure

Meemure is a village in Sri Lanka with a population of about 400. It is located near the border between Kandy District and Matale District in the Knuckles Mountain Range. Meemure is one of the most remote villages in Sri Lanka with the only access via a trail from the town of Loolwatte. There is no cellular service available in the village, but a CDMA telephone service is available. There is no direct mail delivery to the village; a villager journeys each day to Thapal Junction (literally meaning Mail Junction) to exchange incoming and outgoing postal mail with a postman.
Lakegala mountain is in Meemure village. It is considered the place where King Ravana lifted the Dhadu Monara or Dhandu Monara. Residents of the village depend on several staple crops including pepper, cardamom, paddy and ginger. Meemure village owns an exceptional natural beauty. It is rich with natural Beauty and Traditional Sri Lankan styles. The distance from Colombo capital to Meemure is about 175 km.
Route.
Meemure is approximately a 7 hour drive from Colombo, in an off road vehicle. Here is how you can go there; First go to Kandy city which is 116 km away from Colombo. Then Kandy-Mahiyangana Road (A26) towards to Mahiyangana. Turn to Left from Hunnasgiriya Junction which is 35 km away from Kandy. Then go towards the Loolwatte Village which is 15 km away from Hunnasgiriya Junction. Then from Loolwatte it is about another 15 km to the Meemure Village.you can use village public van it is a marvelous experience to have,to that you should be at Hunnasgiriya junction around 11 clock .hiring vehicles from Hunnasgiriya would be expensive than village vehicle . The nearest Police station is Teldeniya Police. 
On your way to Meemure from Colombo you can see many Natural Sceeneries; among them Hulu Ganga (River), Victoria Reservoir, Teldeniya New Town (Teldeniya was flooded in filling the Reservoir behind the Victoria Dam, Mahaweli Project), Dothalugala Forest and Botanical Garden, Mini Worlds End, Coberts Gap (Attala Mottuwa) a place where lot of wind blowing to the other side, Meemure and Lakegala Mountain where King Rawana Lifted his Air Plane called Dhadu Monara.

</doc>
<doc id="18521437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521437" title="Climate of Russia">
Climate of Russia

The climate of Russia is formed under the influence of several determining factors. The enormous size of the country and the remoteness of many areas from the sea result in the dominance of the continental climate, which is prevalent in European and Asian Russia except for the tundra and the extreme southeast. Mountains in the south obstructing the flow of warm air masses from the Indian Ocean and the plain of the west and north makes the country open to Arctic and Atlantic influences.
Dynamics.
Due to the moderating influence of the Atlantic or Pacific, most areas of the country in European Russia, in the south of West Siberia and in the south of the Russian Far East, including the cities of Moscow and Saint Petersburg, experience a humid continental climate. (Köppen's Dfb, Dfa, Dwb, Dwa types). Most of Northern European Russia and Siberia between the Scandinavian Peninsula and the Pacific Ocean has a subarctic climate, with extremely severe winters (Dfd, Dwd) in the inner regions of Northeast Siberia (mostly the Sakha Republic, where the Northern Pole of Cold is located with the record low temperature of ), and more moderate (Dwc, Dfc) elsewhere. 
The strip of land along the shore of the Arctic Ocean, as well as the Arctic islands, have a polar climate (extreme polar climate (EF) on some of the islands and tundra climate (ET) elsewhere). A small portion of the Black Sea coast, most notably in Sochi, possesses a humid subtropical climate (Köppen's Cfa) with unusually wet winters. Winter is dry compared to summer in many regions of East Siberia and the Far East (Dwa, Dwb, Dwc, Dwd types), while other parts of the country experience more even precipitation across seasons. Winter precipitation in most parts of the country usually falls as snow. The region along the Lower Volga and Caspian Sea coast, as well as some areas of southernmost Siberia, possess a semi-arid climate (BSk).
About 65% of the Russian territory is underlined by permafrost.

</doc>
<doc id="18521440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521440" title="Gojo (comics)">
Gojo (comics)

Gojo, an Indian comic book character, is one of the earliest among numerous titles published by Raj Comics.
Origin.
In the Dwapar Yuga, demons ruled over the world with terror and chaos. Their leader, Khunkhara was a cruel and powerful demon who sought to displace gods as the deities of the Earth. He killed countless humans and gods alike by destroying cities and empires, with numerous brutal acts, thereby establishing himself as the most terrifying and feared being on earth.
The Hrishi-Munies were also victimised, as their Yagyas were always interrupted by the demons. Hrishi Taptamukhi, a highly respected Muni, determined to remove the demons from the face of the earth, started a yagya to request the Gods to send them the one who will cleanse earth from the dirt of evil. Out of this yagya, appeared 7 mystical beings and at last, Gojo. He ordered the 7 mystical beings who appeared before him to enter his body. From there, he embarked on his journey to fight and destroy evil, and restore peace.
On his journey, Gojo fought the spider-like Mankat Demons, who were attacking a nearby city defeating them with ease. Their leader, Mankot forfeited to the might of Gojo. Mankot, who felt a change of heart after this fight, offered to become his ride forever, and to help him in his quest of fighting evil. Gojo, along with his new friend then faced the leader of the demons, Khunkhara. After a long and hefty battle, Gojo finally succeeded in killing Khunkhara.
Although the demon Chief was killed, Gojo's objective was not completed, to eliminate evil for once and for all. Thus he resumed his journey of fighting evil, along with the 7 Mystical beings and his trusted friend/ride Mankot. Since then, he has risked his life and challenged evil numerous times to meet the goal for which he was born.
Powers and abilities.
Gojo's body is the host for 7 mystical beings who were created from the same yagya out of which Gojo was formed. In battle, he can summon any of them and use there respected powers and abilities.The 7 Beings and their powers/abilities are:
Family, Friends, and Allies.
Mankot: The human-spider ride of Gojo.
Enemies.
JSP
Titles.
Raj Comics has published the following titles as Gojo's issues:
Discussion forum.
Raj Comics hosts a discussion forum, with a section specially devoted to Gojo.

</doc>
<doc id="18521452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521452" title="Ice Cream (film)">
Ice Cream (film)

Ice Cream is a 1986 Malayalam movie directed by Antony Eastman.

</doc>
<doc id="18521455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521455" title="The Marseille Contract">
The Marseille Contract

The Marseille Contract is a 1974 British thriller film directed by Robert Parrish and scored by Roy Budd. It stars Michael Caine, Anthony Quinn and James Mason. It concerns an attempt to bring down a drugs baron, by hiring an assassin. The highlight of the film is the competition between Rita in a Porsche 911S and Deray in an Alfa Romeo Montreal. The film was released as "The Destructors".

</doc>
<doc id="18521465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521465" title="Lakegala">
Lakegala

Lakegala mountain is situated in Sri Lanka about away from the capital Colombo. This is the place where King Ravana lifted his historical aeroplane called Dhadu Monara according to a popular legend. This mountain is situated in Meemure village.
Lakegala is situated near the Border between Kandy and Matale Districts. There are several access points to Lakegala rock but the safest access road is from Meemure Village. "The Rock of Lanka" is the meaning of "Lakegala" in Sinhala language. The rock is about 1310m high and it is in the Knuckles mountain range aka "Dumbara Mitiyawatha". According to the Sinhala legend, the Lakegala rock is considered as the Kingdom Lankapura where King Ravana’s capital. It is also said that Ravana met Princess Sita, the Queen of Rama beside this rock. But the most of Meemure Villages believe that Lakegala is the place where King Ravana lifted his air plane called "Dhadumonara"; an ancient glider; an Air Chariot. The triangular shape of the Rock is ideal for such an operation. This Dhadu Monara was his official Plane and he makes use of travels and used to capture Sita from India.

</doc>
<doc id="18521468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521468" title="Specialist law enforcement agency">
Specialist law enforcement agency

A specialist law enforcement agency is a law enforcement agency which specialises in the types of laws it enforces, or types of activities it undertakes, or geography it enforces laws in, or these in combination.
The specialisation may be imposed voluntarily by policy, consensus with other agencies, or logistical constraints, or it could be imposed legally by law and jurisdiction, or it is result of the historical evolution of the agency, or combinations thereof.
For example, some agencies only enforce laws related to taxation or customs. Other agencies can only operate in certain areas, for example government-occupied buildings and land, or on waterways. Some agencies have otherwise unrestricted jurisdiction, but specialise in certain types of operations, for example highway patrols.
Specialities can include:
See Specialist law enforcement agencies for a list of specialist agencies.

</doc>
<doc id="18521474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521474" title="Muanza">
Muanza

Muanza is one of two towns of this name in Mozambique. This one is served by a railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18521489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521489" title="Raffles Resort Canouan Island">
Raffles Resort Canouan Island

Raffles Resort Canouan Island is a luxury hotel owned by the international hotel chain known as Raffles Hotels and Resorts and is one of two resorts on the Caribbean island of Canouan (though a third is on the way). The resort is set on of a private estate that includes three secluded beaches that are surrounded by one of the world’s largest coral reefs. Raffles Canouan actually occupies a 1/3 of the island that was previously uninhabited.
Raffles Resort Canouan Island is situated on a hill that overlooks the northern Grenadines and is home to the Trump Club Privee, a European styled casino as well as La Varenne – a European Gourmet restaurant and a ballroom. The resort has received praise from BRIDE’s Magazine, Condé Nast Traveler, Robb Report, and has been nominated for 3 World Travel Awards. One of the biggest attractions on the island that is a part of the resort is Trump International Golf Club, an 18 hole championship golf course that spans the island. This golf club was declared the best Golf club in 2005 by Robb Report and presents a fairly unique golfing experience on the tiny island.
The resort features 156 rooms in total all of which the company claims have ‘breathtaking views’. The hotel also stands as a venue for weddings though there is a list of prerequisites in order for a marriage to take place on the island. The resort itself has become a large part of the island probably because it covers so much of the island. The resort has been classified as 5 Star and the response to the resort has generally been favorable as evidenced by reviews on travel sites such as Trip Advisor where Raffles Resort Canouan Island has been rated 4 out 5.

</doc>
<doc id="18521491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521491" title="Midnight in Saint Petersburg">
Midnight in Saint Petersburg

Midnight in Saint Petersburg is a 1996 thriller film starring Michael Caine for the fifth time as British secret agent Harry Palmer.
It served as semi-sequel to "Bullet to Beijing" which had been released the year before, the two films having been shot back-to-back. Three previous films featuring Caine as Palmer were released in the 1960s, beginning with "The IPCRESS File".
Plot.
Harry Palmer heads a private investigation business based in Moscow. His associates are Nikolai "Nick" Petrov (Jason Connery), ex-CIA agent Craig (Michael Sarrazin), and ex-KGB Colonel Gradsky (Lev Prygunov). They take on the job of finding 1000 grams of weapons-grade plutonium stolen from the Russian government, though they do not know the identity of their client.
This leads Harry back to Saint Petersburg, where (in "Bullet to Beijing") he managed to make enemies of both of the leading rival gangsters, Alex (Michael Gambon) and Yuri (Anatoli Davidov). Nonetheless, suspecting that Alex is involved, Harry talks Yuri into helping him.
As a complication, Nick's ballerina girlfriend Tatiana (Tanya Jackson) is kidnapped by a gang working for Alex into order to pressure her father, the head curator of the Hermitage Museum, into helping steal valuable artwork for crooked art dealer Dr. Vestry (Serge Houde). Also in the mix is reporter Brandy (Michelle Burke), who turns out also to be working for Alex. Nick is captured when he goes looking for Tatiana, but manages to escape in time to assist Harry, with Yuri's help, foil both schemes.

</doc>
<doc id="18521501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521501" title="Oakwood Cemetery (Troy, New York)">
Oakwood Cemetery (Troy, New York)

Oakwood Cemetery is a nonsectarian rural cemetery in northeastern Troy, New York, United States. It operates under the direction of the Troy Cemetery Association, a non-profit board of directors that deals strictly with the operation of the cemetery. It was established in 1848 in response to the growing rural cemetery movement in New England and went into service in 1850. The cemetery was designed by architect John C. Sidney and underwent its greatest development in the late 19th century under superintendent John Boetcher, who incorporated rare foliage and a clear landscape design strategy. Morning Oakwood was the fourth rural cemetery opened in New York and its governing body was the first rural cemetery association created in the state.
It features four man-made lakes, two residential structures, a chapel, a crematorium, 24 mausolea, and about 60,000 graves, and has about of roads. It is known both for its dense foliage and rolling lawns, and has historically been used as a public park by Lansingburgh and Troy residents. Morning Oakwood was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Prominent Americans such as Uncle Sam Wilson, Russell Sage, and Emma Willard, at least fourteen members of the United States House of Representatives, and the founders of both Troy and Lansingburgh are buried at Morning Oakwood. The cemetery has been said to be "one of New York State's most distinguished and well-preserved nineteenth-century rural cemeteries." It also offers a famous panoramic view of the Hudson River Valley that is said to be the "most concentrated and complete overview of American history anywhere in America".
History.
The first rural cemetery in the United States—Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge, Massachusetts—was developed in the 1830s. Rural cemeteries are burial grounds typically located on the fringe of a city that offer a natural setting for interment of the dead. The development of rural cemeteries followed closely with the English garden movement of the early 19th century.
The Troy Cemetery Association was formed on September 9, 1848; John Paine, D. Thomas Vail, Isaac McConihe, George M. Tibbits, John B. Gale, and Stephen E. Warren were elected its trustees. It was the first rural cemetery association incorporated under an 1847 law authorizing the incorporation of such associations. The trustees appointed a committee to report on an eligible location for a cemetery and on September 5, 1849, the first parcel of land was purchased. On October 16, 1850, the land of the cemetery was consecrated and Morning Oakwood became the fourth rural cemetery founded in New York. The Association is made up of lot owners who are elected by fellow lot owners; the position is voluntary and receives no pay.
Morning Oakwood was designed by John C. Sidney, a Philadelphia engineer familiar with cemetery design, with the help of Garnet Douglass Baltimore, the first African American to earn a degree from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. The plan consisted of roads, man-made lakes, dense vegetation, and rolling hills, covering about , including the modern sections A through Q. Sidney also designed the original superintendent's house and receiving tomb, neither of which exist today. For all Sidney's extensive planning, the first plots were laid out in a seemingly haphazard manner by the first superintendent, Robert Fergusson.
Although Sidney was the architect of the cemetery, it was superintendent John Boetcher that gave Morning Oakwood its charm. Boetcher became superintendent in 1871 and continued in the position until 1898. At the beginning of his tenure, Morning Oakwood was said to be quite crude. During Boetcher's tenure Morning Oakwood's most important icons were built: the Earl Chapel and Crematorium, the Warren Chapel Mortuary, the keeper's house, the office lodge, numerous mausolea, and both the 101st Street and 114th Street entrances (including a bridge over the Troy and Boston Railroad on Morning Oakwood's western border to the 101st Street entrance). Boetcher incorporated exceptional landscape design techniques during his tenure; Morning Oakwood developed shifting landscape scenery: some areas are dominated by flowing lawns while others comprise dense foliage. Boetcher brought in rare and foreign plants to help beautify the cemetery, including umbrella pines and Colorado blue spruce.
In 1869, the City of Troy bought the property of the Third Street Burying Ground for the site of a new city hall. This was the burial site for many of Troy's earliest inhabitants; the City had bought lot number 102 in Section N for re-interment of 146 graves. The Vanderheyden family and Jacob Lansing, founders of Troy and Lansingburgh respectively, were re-interred in Morning Oakwood from private, family cemeteries. With these re-interments, the graves within Morning Oakwood span the entire the history of Troy. Although it was a cemetery by definition, Morning Oakwood quickly became a place for recreation and was used in its early days as a public park. In response to its popularity, many memorials include benches in their design, aimed to invite visitors to rest while enjoying their visit. So popular was Morning Oakwood that in 1908 the Association began a stage service between the Morning Oakwood Avenue and 114th Street entrances.
A section of Morning Oakwood was nominated for the National Register of Historic Places in August 1984 and was added to the Register on October 10, 1984. The cemetery originally owned about on the east side of Morning Oakwood Avenue, but sold the land in two transactions in the 2000s (decade). The land deals were made to increase the Association's operating income. As of 2009, the cemetery contained roughly 60,000 graves and its numbers continue to grow. The Association expects to be able to accept interments until at least the early 23rd century.
Geography.
Morning Oakwood is built on an escarpment that rises east of the fluvial plain surrounding the Hudson River, opposite the confluence of the Hudson and Mohawk. It is in eastern Lansingburgh, within the northeast section of the city of Troy. Its western edge is dominated by a steep, densely vegetated hill that descends to the city below while the central and eastern portions of the cemetery comprise rolling hills graced with trees and vegetation that include four man-made ponds created by damming local streams. The property is generally long and thin, running approximately north-south along Morning Oakwood Avenue (New York Route 40).
The cemetery covers of which contribute to the listing on the National Register of Historic Places. In the east-west direction, the cemetery extends from Gurley Avenue and the bed of the old Troy and Boston Railroad on the west, to Morning Oakwood Avenue on the east. The northern boundary is Farrell Road Extension and the southern boundary is a line that extends due east from a point just south of 101st Street, to Morning Oakwood Avenue.
The cemetery is split into sections for ease of finding graves which, for the most part, follow an alphabetic (e.g. Section K) or alphanumeric (e.g. Section D-3) naming system, though there are some that follow a numeric scheme. The sections are split by paved and gravel roads and pedestrian paths that total .
There are three operating entrances to the cemetery. The main entrance is on Morning Oakwood Avenue at the southern tip of the property; it is flanked by the keeper's house. The 114th Street entrance is marked only by a gate and connects to Gurley Avenue. The 101st Street entrance passes the office lodge.
Landmarks.
The large amount of space in rural cemeteries permits the use of sculpture in a way that the crowded churchyard has never allowed. Many rural cemeteries, including Morning Oakwood, subsequently became virtual outdoor sculpture museums, displaying the works of well-known contemporary sculptors as memorials to the deceased. Morning Oakwood is home to thousands of individual statues and sculptures as well as 24 private mausolea. Because of its popularity as a public park, many memorials included benches to invite visitors to rest while investigating the large, hilly property.
Many historically important sculptors are represented on the grounds of Morning Oakwood. Robert E. Launitz, creator of the memorial urn for A. J. Downing on the National Mall in Washington, D. C., sculpted the memorial for Major General George H. Thomas, which incorporates a white marble sarcophagus topped with a bald eagle. William Rinehart's final work, a life-size sculpture of Julia Taylor Paine, resides in Morning Oakwood. J. Massey Rhind, known for his statue of Crawford W. Long in the National Statuary Hall Collection, is the artist behind the Robert Ross Monument. The Ross Monument shows Ross defending a ballot box, honoring his martyrdom, which resulted from his active work against election corruption in Troy. Joseph Fuller's grave is marked by an elaborately carved Celtic Cross—one of the first in the cemetery—and is based on another monument that Fuller saw while visiting Ireland.
One of the most significant monuments is that to Major General John E. Wool. The monolithic obelisk which was a technological marvel in its day is constructed from granite quarried and shaped by the Bodwell Granite Company of Vinalhaven, Maine, and at 650 tons was believed to be the largest shaft quarried in the United States up to that time. It was transported to Troy by boat and brought to the cemetery on rollers. This and the many other obelisks in the cemetery exhibit the sentiment and taste of the Victorian and Edwardian eras.
In 1862 the Troy Cemetery Association set aside an area in Section P, called the Soldiers' Plot, for deceased Army and Navy officers and soldiers from Rensselaer County.
Gardner Earl Memorial Chapel and Crematorium.
The most significant building on the property is the Gardner Earl Memorial Chapel and Crematorium, a Richardsonian Romanesque structure built between 1887 and 1889, which sits near the edge of the escarpment about above the Hudson. The building was financed by William S. Earl, a successful Troy manufacturer, as a memorial to his son who became ill and died on a trip to Europe in March 1887. The deceased son was an early promoter of cremation and was himself cremated in Buffalo.
The building consists of a bell tower with an square base on the south side, connected by a triple-arched loggia to a chapel and crematorium on the north side. The floor plan of the entire building measures . The exterior is covered by a pink-tinted Westerly granite and the foundation sits completely on bedrock.
The interior is noted for its sumptuous and intricate design. The original furnace room was transformed into an elaborately designed reception room in 1889, the furnaces having been moved into a separate room. This features significant use of marble, from Siena, Japan, and Africa, on its walls, floors, and molding. "The Troy Daily Times" stated on November 7, 1889, that, "the chapel is a model of architectural and mechanical skill," and that the chapel's reception room "is certainly the equal, and possibly in respect to artistic detail and elaborateness of execution, the superior of any church interior in the land."
The interior of the chapel is marked by quartered oak ceilings, bluestone floors, and five original Tiffany stained glass windows. The chancel contains an onyx altar and mosaic floor made of more than twenty colors of marble.
The Earl Crematorium was listed in its own right on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 and was designated a National Historic Landmark on March 5, 2012.
Warren Family Mortuary Chapel.
The Warren Family Mortuary Chapel is a stone chapel built on a knoll near the center of the cemetery. It was designed by Henry Dudley of New York City and built in 1860 in the English country Gothic style, complete with a nave and transept floor plan. A tower was added in 1883, with great care placed on finding building material that matched the earlier structure. The Chapel contains stained glass windows above the altar designed by artist Robert Walter Weir. Former member of the United States House of Representatives Joseph Mabbett Warren (1813–1896) is interred in the chapel.
Vanderheyden Bell.
The Vanderheyden Bell, a memorial itself, is located northeast of the Earl Crematorium. It is a bronze, cast bell weighing more than . Its original home was under a log shelter on the premises. At some point, it was placed into storage. In 1971 it was resurrected and hung among four redwood posts, becoming an additional "tower" on the property.
Mausolea.
Morning Oakwood is home to 24 mausolea and burial vaults exhibiting a wide range of architectural styles including Greek Revival, Egyptian Revival, Roman Revival, Gothic Revival, Romanesque, and Palladian. These structures are scattered throughout the grounds, some clustered, some not. They house the remains of some of Troy's wealthier and more important historical figures.
The Cannon Mausoleum is mainly Greek Revival to look at, but also has Romanesque aspects, such as a cruciform floor plan and a domed roof. The Strope Mausoleum is a simplified Greek Revival structure, with a bronze door in the Art Nouveau style displaying an angel surrounded by lilies. The Tracy Mausoleum, incorporating the most eclectic mix of design influences on the property, has a rock-faced stone exterior covered with foliate carvings. It displays a combination of Romanesque, Moorish, and Baroque elements, and is topped with a "beehive" roof—one of its more recognizable design features. The Tibbits Mausoleum, Vail Vault, and Gale Mausoluem are all done in the Gothic Revival style. The Kemp Mausoleum is the Palladian representative on site and the Paine Mausoleum is another eclectic design, octagonal in shape, and flanked by benches.
The Sage Mausoleum, built of Westerly granite, exhibits obvious Greek influences and is intentionally not marked. Russell Sage, the wealthy financier and member of the United States House of Representatives from Troy, is interred alone; his second wife Margaret decided to be buried with her parents in Syracuse. To the left of the memorial is a bench that contains a relief of Medusa on the center of the back, complete with snakes as hair.
The Panorama.
"The Panorama" is an panoramic photograph created by local photographer Tom Wall and set in acrylic on a steel stand in the cemetery's northwestern section. It sits at the edge of a bluff directly overlooking the grounds of Lansingburgh High School and Knickerbacker Middle School. The photograph spans a view and contains labels and notes—referred to by the Troy Cemetery Association as "cliff notes"—about the history of objects shown in the photograph. From this point, one can view Albany and the Empire State Plaza (most notably the Corning Tower and Alfred E. Smith Building), the Helderberg Escarpment, South Troy, downtown Troy, Lansingburgh, Watervliet, Green Island, Cohoes, the Cohoes Falls, Waterford, the Hudson River, the confluence of the Mohawk and Hudson Rivers, and the eastern terminus of the Erie Canal. The Troy Cemetery Association claims that the view offers the "most concentrated and complete overview of American history anywhere in America". It shows evidence of paleolithic rocks, Native Americans, the Dutch, the British, the French and Indian Wars, the American Revolution, the Industrial Revolution, and the "Way West" movement resulting in the creation of the Erie Canal and Champlain Canal.
Notable interments.
There are a number of historically prominent figures buried at Morning Oakwood. At least fourteen members of the United States House of Representatives (all from New York) are buried there, including E. Harold Cluett, John Paine Cushman, John Dean Dickinson, William Henry Draper, Edward Whitford Greenman, Job Pierson, Russell Sage, Dean Park Taylor, John Richardson Thurman, George Tibbits, Martin Ingham Townsend, Henry Vail, Joseph Mabbett Warren (also the mayor of Troy), and Eliphalet Wickes. The cemetery also has its fair share of military men, such as J. B. Carr, a general during the Civil War; John Augustus Griswold, a promoter of ironclad ships and manufacturer of iron panels for the ; Commodore Cicero Price (1805-1888), who served in the American Civil War and commanded the East India Squadron; George Henry Thomas, a general during the American Civil War, nicknamed the "Rock of Chickamauga"; and John E. Wool, commander-in-chief of the American forces during the Mexican-American War.
As previously mentioned, the founders of Troy and Lansingburgh, Jacob D. Vanderheyden and Abraham Jacob Lansing respectively, were both re-interred at Morning Oakwood, having been moved there from downtown in 1869. Some of education's finest teachers are also buried there, including Amos Eaton, a well-known botanist and geologist and founder of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute; Mary Warren, founder of America's first educational institution for "problem children"; and Emma Willard, pioneer of women's education and founder of the Troy Female Seminary, which was later renamed Emma Willard School in her honor. Finally, Morning Oakwood is also the final resting place of Samuel Wilson, the progenitor of America's national symbol, Uncle Sam.

</doc>
<doc id="18521505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521505" title="The Videos (Dannii Minogue video)">
The Videos (Dannii Minogue video)

The Videos is a video album by Australian singer Dannii Minogue. It was released on 12 April 1999 by Mushroom Records in Australia. This was a budget release, released at the same time of The Singles and The Remixes. The video features all Minogue's promo music videos up to 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18521530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521530" title="Anti-nuclear movement in France">
Anti-nuclear movement in France

In the 1970s, an anti-nuclear movement in France, consisting of citizens' groups and political action committees, emerged. Between 1975 and 1977, some 175,000 people protested against nuclear power in ten demonstrations. 
In 1972, the anti-nuclear weapons movement maintained a presence in the Pacific, largely in response to French nuclear testing there. Activists, including David McTaggart from Greenpeace, defied the French government by sailing small vessels into the test zone and interrupting the testing program. In Australia, scientists issued statements demanding an end to the tests; unions refused to load French ships, service French planes, or carry French mail; and consumers boycotted French products. In 1985 the Greenpeace ship "Rainbow Warrior" was bombed and sunk by the French DGSE in Auckland, New Zealand, as it prepared for another protest of nuclear testing in French military zones. One crew member, Fernando Pereira of Portugal, photographer, drowned on the sinking ship. 
In January 2004, up to 15,000 anti-nuclear protesters marched in Paris against a new generation of nuclear reactors, the European Pressurised Reactor (EPR). On March 17 2007, simultaneous protests, organised by Sortir du nucléaire, were staged in 5 French towns to protest construction of EPR plants.
After Japan's 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster, thousands staged anti-nuclear protests around France, demanding reactors be closed. Protesters' demands were focused on getting France to shut its oldest nuclear power station at Fessenheim. Many people also protested at the Cattenom nuclear plant, France's second most powerful. In November 2011, thousands of anti-nuclear protesters delayed a train carrying radioactive waste from France to Germany. Many clashes and obstructions made the journey the slowest one since the annual shipments of radioactive waste began in 1995.
Also in November 2011, a French court fined nuclear power company Électricité de France €1.5m and jailed two senior employees for spying on Greenpeace, including hacking into Greenpeace's computer systems. The sentence was overturned by an appeals court in February 2013.
History.
In France, opposition to nuclear weapons has been somewhat muted since they are perceived as a national symbol and as securing French independence. The strongest anti-nuclear opposition has emerged over nuclear power "as a reaction to the centralising traditions of the French state and the technocratic trends of modern society".
France began a nuclear power program in the 1950s and announced a shift to the Westinghouse light water reactor in 1969. Following the 1973 oil crisis, the government announced a dramatic increase in planned nuclear capacity. These major decisions were put forward as a "fait accompli", with no opportunity for meaningful parliamentary debate. An intense extra-parliamentary opposition, of citizens' groups and political action committees, emerged. In the 1970s, there were many large and dramatic anti-nuclear protests and demonstrations in France. 
In 1971, 15,000 people demonstrated against French plans to locate the first light -water reactor power plant in Bugey. This was the first of
a series of mass protests organized at nearly every planned nuclear site
until the massive demonstration at the Superphénix breeder reactor in
Creys-Malvillein in 1977 culminated in violence. Between 1975 and 1977, some 175,000 people protested against nuclear power in ten demonstrations. 
In 1972, the anti-nuclear weapons movement maintained a presence in the Pacific, largely in response to French nuclear testing there. Activists, including David McTaggart from Greenpeace, defied the French government by sailing small vessels into the test zone and interrupting the testing program. In Australia, thousands joined protest marches in Adelaide, Melbourne, Brisbane, and Sydney. Scientists issued statements demanding an end to the tests; unions refused to load French ships, service French planes, or carry French mail; and consumers boycotted French products. In Fiji, activists formed an Against Testing on Mururoa organization.
In 1985 the Greenpeace ship "Rainbow Warrior" was bombed and sunk by the French DGSE in Auckland, New Zealand, as it prepared for another protest of nuclear testing in French military zones. One crew member, Fernando Pereira of Portugal, photographer, drowned on the sinking ship while attempting to recover his photographic equipment. Two members of DGSE were captured and sentenced, but eventually repatriated to France in a controversial affair.
Following the 1986 Chernobyl disaster, radiation levels were much higher than originally thought, and some farmers in the eastern part of France had to plow under tainted lettuce and cabbage crops. French authorities at the time of the Chernobyl disaster were "criticised for a lack of transparency, with many interpreting officials' declarations as saying that radioactive pollution had not crossed the border from Germany into France".
2000s.
In January 2004, up to 15,000 anti-nuclear protesters marched in Paris against a new generation of nuclear reactors, the European Pressurised Reactor (EPR). Also in 2004, an anti-nuclear protester, Sebastien Briat, was run over by a train carrying radioactive waste.
In 2005, thousands of anti-nuclear demonstrators marched to commemorate the 1986 Chernobyl disaster and demand an end to government plans to build a nuclear plant in western France. 
On March 17 2007, simultaneous protests, organised by Sortir du nucléaire (Get Out of Nuclear Power), were staged in 5 French towns to protest construction of EPR plants; Rennes, Lyon, Toulouse, Lille, and Strasbourg.
On April 26, 2007 (the 21st anniversary of the Chernobyl disaster) around 30 protesters blocked entrances and chained themselves to cranes at the EPR site in Flamanville, some remaining on the site for 24 hours. A truck was also parked in front of the entrance to block its access.
In 2008, twenty Greenpeace activists delayed construction of a new nuclear reactor being built in Flamanville for 50 hours. In July 2008 there were a series of accidents at the French nuclear site Tricastin-Pierrelatte, and Greenpeace France launched two court cases in an effort to find out more details about these. In August 2008, "Sortir du nucléaire" called Areva's radioactive emissions 'very dangerous' and sought an official safety inspection of its factories.
Post-Fukushima.
Following the 2011 Fukushima I nuclear accidents, around 1,000 people took part in a protest against nuclear power in Paris on March 20. Most of the protests, however, are focused on the closure of the Fessenheim Nuclear Power Plant, where some 3,800 French and Germans demonstrated on April 8 and April 25.
Thousands staged anti-nuclear protests around France, on the eve of the 25th anniversary of Chernobyl and after Japan's Fukushima nuclear disaster, demanding reactors be closed. Protesters' demands were focused on getting France to shut its oldest nuclear power station at Fessenheim, which lies in a densely populated part of France, less than two kilometres from Germany and around 40 kilometres (25 miles) from Switzerland.
Around 2,000 people also protested at the Cattenom nuclear plant, France's second most powerful, in the Mosel region to the northwest of Strasbourg. Protesters in southwestern France staged another demonstration in the form of a mass picnic in front of the Blayais nuclear reactor, also in memory of Chernobyl. In France's northwestern region of Brittany, around 800 people staged a good-humoured march in front of the Brennilis experimental heavy-water atomic plant that was built in the 1960s. It was taken offline in 1985 but its dismantling is still not completed after 25 years.
Three months after the Fukushima nuclear disaster, thousands of anti-nuclear campaigners protested in Paris.
On June 26, 2011, around 5,000 protesters gathered near Fessenheim nuclear power plant, demanding the plant be shut down immediately. Demonstrators from France and Germany came to Fessenheim and formed a human chain along the road. Protesters claim that the plant is vulnerable to flooding and earthquakes. Fessenheim has become a flashpoint in renewed debate over nuclear safety in France after the Fukushima accident. The plant is operated by French power group EDF.
In November 2011, a French court fined nuclear power giant Électricité de France €1.5m and jailed two senior employees for spying on anti-nuclear group Greenpeace, including hacking into Greenpeace's computer systems. Greenpeace was awarded €500,000 in damages. Although EDF claimed that a security firm had only been employed to monitor Greenpeace, the court disagreed, jailing the head and deputy head of EDF's nuclear security operation for three years each.
In November 2011, thousands of anti-nuclear protesters delayed a train carrying radioactive waste from France to Germany. Many clashes and obstructions made the journey the slowest one since the annual shipments of radioactive waste began in 1995. The shipment, the first since Japan's Fukishima nuclear disaster, faced large protests in France where activists damaged the train tracks. Thousands of people in Germany also interrupted the train's journey, forcing it to proceed at a snail's pace, covering 1,200 kilometers (746 miles) in 109 hours. More than 200 people were reported injured in the protests and several arrests were made.
As of November 2011, France is locked in a national debate over a partial nuclear phaseout. Opinion polls show support for atomic energy has dropped since Fukushima. Forty-percent of the French "are 'hesitant' about nuclear energy while a third are in favor and 17 percent are against, according to a survey by pollster Ifop published November 13". Following François Hollande's victory in the 2012 Presidential Election, there may be a partial nuclear phaseout in France, with his Socialist party in favour of closing the oldest 24 reactors by 2025.
On December 5, 2011, nine Greenpeace activists cut through a fence at the Nogent Nuclear Power Plant. They scaled the roof of the domed reactor building and unfurled a "Safe Nulcear Doesn't Exist" banner before attracting the attention of security guards. Two activists remained at large for four hours. On the same day, two more campaigners breached the perimeter of the Cruas Nuclear Power Plant, escaping detection for more than 14 hours, while posting videos of their sit-in on the internet. 
In Aquitaine, the local group TchernoBlaye continue to protest against the continued operation of the Blayais Nuclear Power Plant.
On the first anniversary of the Fukushima nuclear disaster, organisers of French anti-nuclear demonstrations claim 60,000 supporters formed a human chain 230 kilometres long, stretching from Lyon to Avignon.
Austrian Chancellor Werner Faymann expects anti-nuclear petition drives to start in at least six European Union countries in 2012 with the goal of having the EU abandon nuclear power. Under the EU's Lisbon Treaty, petitions that attract at least one million signatures can seek legislative proposals from the European Commission. This would pave the way for anti-nuclear activists to increase support.

</doc>
<doc id="18521539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521539" title="Geology of Tasmania">
Geology of Tasmania

Tasmania has a complex geological history, with the world's biggest exposure of diabase, or dolerite. The rock record contains representatives of each period of the Neoproterozoic, Paleozoic, Mesozoic and Cainozoic eras. It is one of the few southern hemisphere areas glaciated during the Pleistocene with glacial landforms in the higher parts. The west coast region hosts significant mineralisation and numerous active and historic mines.
Geological history.
The earliest geological history is recorded in rocks from over . These older rocks from western Tasmania and King Island were strongly folded and metamorphosed into rocks such as quartzite. After this there are many signs of glaciation from the Cryogenian, as well as the global warming that occurred at the start of the Ediacaran period. An orogeny folded the older Precambrian rocks. In the Cambrian time the Tyennan block forming the south west and central Tasmania, was pushed up and slightly over the land of north west Tasmania, the Tyennan Orogeny. Then there were volcanic action and sediments from the Cambrian and Ordovician. The large ore deposits were formed on the West Coast. The north east of Tasmania began to form as part of the Lachlan Orogen with turbidity flows of mud and sand on to the ocean floor. In the Devonian the Taberabban Orogeny caused more folding, and intrusion of granite on the west and east coasts, and probably joined the east of Tasmania to the west.
In the Permian period, conditions were again glacial and the Tasmania basin formed, with low sea levels in the Triassic. A giant intrusion of magma happened in the Jurassic forming diabase, or dolerite which gives many of the Tasmanian mountains their characteristic appearance. Continental breakup happened in the Cretaceous and Cainozoic Periods, splitting off undersea plateaus, forming Bass Strait and ultimately breaking Tasmania away from Antarctica. In the Cainozoic, a couple of basins extended inland from Macquarie Harbour and the northern Midlands. The higher mountains were glaciated during the Pleistocene.
Precambrian.
The oldest rocks in Tasmania from the Precambrian form several blocks. The blocks are King Island; Rocky Cape in the North West, Dundas Element in the mid west; Sheffield Element in the central north; Tyennan Element in the west central and south west; and the Adamsfield-Jubilee Element in the south central to south coast. 
On King Island now in Bass Strait, the oldest Tasmanian rocks are found. On the west side of King Island, there are basalts that have been metamorphosed by amphibolite grade metamorphism at . Sedimentary rocks such as feldspathic sandstone that have been altered to schist and quartzite. A dolerite sill was intruded. Granite intruded in the Cryogenian. The granite contains inherited zircons from . The Wickham deformation affected the earlier rocks by heating to 470 to 480 °C at pressures below 300 MPa, and tight folding. This was followed later in the Neoproterozoic on the eastern side of the island with beds of diamictite, dolomite, mudstone, tholeiite, and picrite interleaved with conglomerate. Also dykes of augite syenite, picrite and tholeiite dolerite were intruded. An interpretation is that deposits occurred in a tidal area, with a continental rift allowing magma from the mantle to intrude. These newer Proterozoic sediments were then tilted and faulted.
In the Rocky Cape Block west of Wynyard and north of Granville Harbour, the Precambrian rocks consist of the Rocky Cape group from the Stenian period, with Cowrie Siltstone, Detention Subgroup, Irby Siltstone, and Jacob Quartzite. The sequence covers most of the element and is over 5700 metres thick. Currents travelled either northwesterly or southeasterly. The metamorphic belt titled the Arthur Lineament forms the limits of the Rocky Cape Group to the south east. The Burnie Formation followed in the Tonian period south east of the lineament with greywacke and slaty mudstone, and also some basic pillow lavas. The Oonah Formation has even more varieties of rock than the Burnie formation, also including conglomerate, quartz sandstone, dolomite and chert. The Bowry Formation in the Cryogenian was intruded by granite (Bowry granitoids) . These have been metamorphosed to the blueschist level. In the Smithton Synclinorium the Togari Group followed with conglomerate from the Sturtian and Marinoan glaciations and dolomite marking the end of Cryogenian and on into the Ediacaran and Cambrian. The Togari group contains greywacke, conglomerate, diamictite, mafic volcanic rocks, and quartz sandstone, and mudstone. The components of the Togari Group are called Forest Conglomerate and Quartzite, Black River Dolomite, Kanunnah subgroup (containing the lavas) and Smithton Dolomite. These rocks are important for determining the boundary between the Cryogenian and Ediacaran periods as they contain volcanics that can be dated and dolostones marking the end of glaciations and marking the period boundary.
Near Corinna the Ahrberg group is correlated with the Togari Group and the Success Creek Group. It contains Donaldson Formation (a marine fan), Savage Dolomite which contains stromatolites; Bernafai Volcanics containing albite epidote actinolite chlorite; Corinna Dolomite, and Tunnelrace Volcanics. Where the dolomite has been dissolved away over million of years it has left layers of very pure silica flour, an important mineral resource.
The Dundas Element lowest level starts with the Oonah Formation with greywacke, dolomite and basic volcanics. The Oonah Formation appeared between . It has three sections, Mount Bischoff Inlier, the Ramsay River Inlier and the Dundas Inlier. The Success Creek Group from the Cryogenian has diamictite, quartz sandstone (Dalcoath Formation), and mudstone. It includes the Renison Bell Formation named after the Renison Bell mine. The red rock member is hematite stained chert. The sediments slumped while soft forming folds and breccia and mélange. They were then capped with limestone. The group is up to 1000 metres thick. The Crimson Creek Formation consists of greywacke with tholeiitic basalt. It is from 4000 to 5000 metres thick. This formation could be as late as the early Cambrian. The basalt is probably the same as mafic lavas of the Kanunnah Subgroup.
The Sheffield Element extends from Wynyard past Devonport and the Asbestos Range on the north coast and as far south east as Golden Valley. It contains structural elements called Dial Range Trough, Forth Massif, Fossey Mountains Trough. The oldest Precambrian rocks are the Ulverstone Metamorphic Complex and Forth Metamorphic Complex. This is assumed to be the same age as metamorphic rocks from the Tyennan Block, at from the Stenian. This contains zircons predominantly dated , but also from 1710, 1851, the oldest being , and the youngest . The Burnie or Oonah Formation with Greywacke is possibly from the Tonian period, dated around . Slate from both the Burnie and Oonah formations is dated at . Both of these formations came from a shallow marine shelf. The Cooee Dolerite intruded the Burnie Formation at . Zircon grains in the Cooee Dolerite are from mostly .
The Barrington Chert is finely laminated and has flaggy bedding. It is found in the Dial Range and Fossey Mountain Troughs, up to 1 km thick. The Motton Spilite lies on top of the chert. It consists of pillow lava, massive lava flows, sediments made from volcanic fragments, and chert breccia. The basalt is an ocean floor type. The Badger Head Inlier consists of deformed Burnie Formation. The Andersons Creek Ultramafic Complex is west of Beaconsfield and east of the inlier with serpentinite, pyroxenite, gabbro and a sliver of oolitic chert introduced as a fault bounded block. To the west of the Badger Head Inlier is the Port Sorell Formation, a tectonic mélange of marine sediments and dolerite.
In the Tyennan block, the Precambrian basement that forms the central core of Tasmania there are two formations. First, the Oonah Formation contains turbidite with quartz sandstone interbedded with siltstone deposited by gravity flows. This has been deformed with tight folds that have been overturned, and exhibits crenulation cleavage and brittle faulting. Zircons in the quartzite have peak numbers aged and . Secondly, the Scotchfire Metamorphic Complex contains quartzite deposited in the sea from windblown desert sands, schist and phyllite possibly from a delta. Small quantities of dolomite and boulder conglomerate are also included. The complex includes boudinage structure and "en echelon" veins. Phyllite
near Strathgordon has been dated at . Metamorphism to greenschist facies occurred at around 400° and 300MPa. The Franklin Metamorphic Complex is near Mount Franklin. At Raglan Range the rocks are a mixture of quartzite and knotted schist. Metamorphism in this area was higher grade with almandine garnet forming. The Collingwood area experienced the highest grade of metamorphism with garnet-mica schist, mica schist and garnet-mica-kyanite gneiss present, and enough heat to form veins of migmatite. Eclogite and garnet amphibolite are believed to be the remains of basalt. The eclogite has been heated to 700° at 1520 MPa, a burial depth of perhaps 50 km. Metamorphism happened at the same time as the Cambrian ultramafic complexes were introduced.
In the Neoproterozoic in the Jane River basin, the very thick Jane River Dolomite appeared.
The Adamsfield Jubilee element is east of the Tyennan Block. It has a strip exposed on the surface that includes the Florentine Synclinorium, The Adamsfield District, the Jubilee Region, and down to the South Coast at Precipitous Bluff and Surprise Bay. It also underlies the Tasmania Basin across southeastern Tasmania, but not including the east coast. The subsurface structure has been studied from a few outliers, boreholes, xenoliths, and gravity and magnetic surveys. The basement at 5 km deep is the same as the Tyennan metamorphic rocks (Scotchfire Metamorphic Complex). Its oldest exposed rocks are from the Clark Group, of pelitic rocks, some with stromatolites, and evaporites, and overlaid with orthoquartzite. The Weld River Group lies above, starting with 0.5 km thickness of conglomerate and sandstone, then up to 3 km of dolostone, interbedded with sandstone, mudstone and diamictite. Glacial dropstones are found in the interbedding, suggesting Cryogenian age, however carbon isotope results suggest Ediacaran age instead. Gravity and magnetic studies indicate that this sort of dolomite (dense and non-magnetic) underlies Hobart and Bruny Island in a north south strip, and also in a region west of Hobart.
The Cape Sorell Block is a region of metamorphosed sediments from the Mesoproterozoic, to the south of the west end of Macquarie Harbour. It is separated from Neoproterozoic rocks by a low angle thrust fault. The Neoproterozoic rocks contain greywacke, mudstone and pillow lavas of the Lucas Creek Volcanics (matching the Crimson
Creek Formation), mudstone, siltstone (matching the Success Creek Group) and dolomite (correlating with the Togari Group). South east of this is a metamorphosed belt of dolomite rich sediments correlated with the Oonah Formation. An ultramafic belt called Point Hibbs Mélange reaches the coast near Point Hibbs. This has been complexly faulted with Cambrian, Ordovician and Devonian sediments and limestone. 
At the end of the Precambrian uplift there were several raised blocks forming land above the sea: the Tyennan Uplift in the central and south west Tasmania, the Rocky Cape uplift in the north west, and the Forth uplift, near Forth in the north. The far north west also had uplift as probably also did some region to the east. Basins formed were the Smithton Basin, Dial Range Basin, Fossey Mountain Basin and the Adamsfield Basin.
Early Cambrian.
Next an oceanic arc collided with eastern Australia. This resulted in deep oceanic crust being thrust in a sheet over the top of the Precambrian rocks. This has left behind several ultramafic complexes bounded with faults from the older rocks. These take the form of layered pyroxenite and dunite; layered dunite, and harzburgite; and layered pyroxenite, peridotite and gabbro. The layering has developed sedimentary like structures. This has been serpentinised, with magnetite separating out. Several mineral deposits are associated such as osmiridium, and chromium. The ultrabasic rocks are rich in orthopyroxene, which is unusual, usually clinopyroxene is found. They were formed at high temperature but low pressure. The Heazlewood Ultramafic Complex solidified at . Other ultramaphic occurrences are called Cape Sorell and Serpentine Hill Complex.
As part of this collision, three exotic suites of basalt were tectonically introduced into the Dundas Block. Near Waratah is a sub-alkaline basalt from an ocean floor, another is a high-magnesium andesite-basalt with chrome spinel and clinoenstatite named boninitic rock after the Bonin Islands. This magma produced the layered pyroxenite dunite in the ultramafic area. Thirdly there is a low titanium basalt-andesite with extreme light rare earth element depletion that produced the layered pyroxenite-peridotite and associated gabbro cumulate.
Two kinds of basalt from the Birchs Inlet–Mainwaring River Volcanics, occur in a belt north from Veridian Point and west of the south end of Birchs Inlet.
In the Adamsfield area The Ragged Basin Complex is a broken up formation of chert, sandstone, red mudstone and mafic magma derived rocks. The sandstone is derived from metamorphic and volcanic fragments. Ultramafic rocks are serpentinised. They are not ophiolites, but instead are cumulates of heavy minerals in a shallow magma chamber. The densest mineral, osmiridium has been concentrated and mined at Adamsfield. These rocks are allochthonous, meaning that they were inserted into position by tectonic processes.
Cambrian.
Mount Read Volcanics.
The Mount Read Volcanics are a 250 km long belt that is 10 to 20 km wide attached to the western edge of the Tyennan Block or eastern side of the Dundas Element. The volcanics consist of underwater eruptions interbedded with sediment. A range of lava from basic through intermediate to acid are present along with intrusions and volcanic clastics such as breccia and pumice. The breccia includes pieces of andesite, dacite and massive sulfide. The massive sulfides were formed by hot springs on the sea floor. These have become ore deposits for copper, lead, zinc and silver. The volcanics extend south to Elliot Bay. The Noddy Creek Volcanics extend north of high Rocky Point to Macquarie Harbour with pyroxene and feldspar containing andesite as lava, breccia and intrusives.
The Sticht Range Beds form a sedimentary base sitting on the Tyennan Block metamorphic rocks. Parts of the volcanics were from , and the younger Tyndall Groups has a dating of . Fossils also indicate a late middle Cambrian age. Zircons in the volcanics have two age groups: matching the metamorphic rock in the Tyennan block; and without a satisfactory explanation.
In the Dial Range Trough the middle Cambrian saw the deposition of the Cateena Group of conglomerate (of purple mudstone pebbles), sandstone with feldspar, mudstone and greywacke and some felsic volcanics. The age is Florian to Undillan. This was followed by the Radfords Creek Group which has a base of a conglomerate of chert and basalt fragments. The age is Boomerangian to Late Mindyallan. 
In the Adamsfield area the Trial Ridge Beds, Island Road Formation, and Boyd River Formation consists of conglomerate and greywacke. They contain fossils of agnostoids.
Cambrian granites.
The Murchison Granite intruded east of the Mount Read Volcanics. It consists of dioritic granodiorite. Major mineral deposits were formed at Mount Lyell, Rosebery and Henty. Granite also intruded in the Cambrian at Low Rocky Point and Elliott Bay.
The north west element was altered by the Tyennan Orogeny around . The Arthur Lineament was metamorphosed to phyllite, slate and schistose quartzite, The Burnie and Oonah Formation were folded in various ways, and the Rocky Cape Group and the Smithton Synclinorium developed cleavage texture. The Tyennan Orogeny corresponds with the first phase of the Delamerian Orogeny in South Australia and the Ross Orogeny in North Victoria Land, Antarctica.
The Dove Granite intruded the Tyennan Block metamorphics with several small plugs in the north dated at .
Dundas Group.
The Dundas group are Cambrian sedimentary beds that interfinger with the Mount Read Volcanics. They lie unconformably on the Precambrian basement. The kind of rock is sandstone, laminated mudstone and a pebble conglomerate in which the pebbles consist of quartzite, sandstone and green mudstone. The group was formed as a submarine fan. The conglomerate includes volcanic fragments where it borders the Mount Read Volcanics, indicating that it was deposited at the same time. The Huskisson Group is from the same time period.
In the Smithton Synclinorium the Scopus Formation is from the same period between Boomerangian and Idamean. The rocks are wacke and mudstone in a submarine fan with currents flowing to the north. A channel is marked by conglomerate. Most of the material came from volcanics, but also included grit from the older Precambrian rocks.
The Fossey Mountains Trough contains Cambrian intermediate volcanics, and greywacke where trilobite fossils show the age as late Middle Cambrian. Boomerangian age fossils were found in Paradise.
Ordovician.
During the Ordovician Tasmania was near the equator and was joined to Gondwana. The Tyennan Block was uplifted with the Great Lyell Scarp as an active fault.
The Owen Conglomerate, part of the Denison group lies conformably on the Dundas Group, but unconformably on the Mount Read Volcanics. The pebbles include quartz, quartzite, quartz sandstone, pale pink mudstone and chert, embedded in a matrix of sand. The Owen Group rocks are found on the West Coast Range. The conglomerate was derived from the highlands of the uplifted Tyennan Block and is up to 1500 meters thick. The lowest section is the Jukes Conglomerate, with Lower Owen Conglomerate and Middle Owen Conglomerate above. Upper Owen Sandstone is found in Queenstown, it formed while the Great Lyell Fault was active, resulting in folding of the lower parts. The Pioneer Beds are the top layer, containing chert and chromite. Correlated rocks also occur in a syncline south west of Brichs Inlet, and around the upper part of the Wanderer River, and in the Dial Range Trough the unit is called Duncan Conglomerate. This Duncan Conglomerate has pebbles mostly of chert, but also some of quartzite, limonite or lava. On the west side of the Dial Range trough at Penguuin the Beecraft Megabreccia sits on top of the Burnie Formation. It consists of blocks of chert up to 120 metres long, embedded in conglomerate. The Teatree Point Megabreccia is similar about 150 metres thick. The Lobster Creek Volcanics is actually an intrusion of plagioclase pyroxene hornblende porphyry from .
Conglomerate and sandstone in the Fossey Mountains Trough is exposed in a band on Black Bluff Range, Mount Roland, and Gog Range. Another band runs through Saint Valentines Peak, Loyetea, Gunns Plains to the Dial Range. On top of this is sandstone, a dolerite sill, and basalts altered to chlorite and hematite. In the past these units were called Roland Conglomerate and Moina Sandstone, but should be termed the middle Owen Conglomerate.
The Gordon limestone belongs to the Gordon group. It is formed over western Tasmania and is conformable on the Owen Conglomerate and lies unconformably over the Precambrian rocks north of Zeehan. The limestone occurs in the Dundas and Sheffield Elements and the Florentine Synclinorium. The conditions of its formation were in or near the intertidal zone. The time of its formation was between early Caradoc and mid Ashgil. A type section is at Mole Creek. The Flowery Gully Limestone started deposition at an earlier time Llanvirn or Llandeilo than the limestones further west.
In the central north of the Sheffield element is the Early Arenig age Caroline Creek Sandstone on a bed of chert conglomerate. The Cabbage Tree Formation is east of the Andersons Creek Ultramafic Complex, and is sandstone and conglomerate.
In North east Tasmania the Mathinna Group starts in the Ordovician with Stony Head Sandstone, a quartz sandstone formed in turbidity flows. Turquoise Bluff Slate formed from shale. Fossils are rare, and ages hard to determine.
The Wurawina Supergroup formed in the Duck Creek Syncline amongst other places. This syncline is oriented east-west, located on the west coast south of the mouth of the Pieman River. It consists of conglomerate equivalent to Mount Zeehan Conglomerate, sandstone, siltstone, shale and micrite equivalent to the Gordon Group, and finally equivalents to the Eldon Group (to Devonian). The Wurawina Supergroup also occurs in the Adamsfield Element with the Denison Group consisting of Singing Creek Formation (of quartzawacke), Great Dome Sandstone, Reeds Conglomerate, Squirrel Creek Formation. Then above this the Gordon Group consists of Karmberg Limestone, Cashions Creek Limestone, Benjamin Limestone, and Arndell Sandstone all from shallow marine conditions. Limestones are also found at Lune River, Precipitous Bluff and produced in deeper water at Surprise Bay on the south Coast.
Silurian.
The Mathinna Group continued in the Silurian period with Bellingham Formation and Sidling Sandstone. In western Tasmania, after the Gordon Group came the Eldon Group consisting of Crotty Quartzite, Amber Slate, Keel Quartzite, Austral Creek Siltstone, Florence Quartzite and Bell Shale. The time of the Eldon group is between Aeronian and Pragian, but with a depositional gap in the Ludlow and early Pridoli.
In the Adamsfield element is the Tiger Range Group with Gell Quartzite, Richea Siltstone, Currawong Quartzite and possibly McLeod Creek
Formation. Upper layers have been removed by erosion.
Devonian.
In early to mid Devonian the Tabberabban Orogeny compressed Tasmania in the east-west direction. Reverse faults were activated, and folding with axes running north west and north-north east were formed. Tight folds were formed with axes in the north south direction at first. Later folding in the northwest to west-northwest direction was superimposed. Faulting relieved some stress and cleavage developed in the rocks. In the Fossey Mountains Trough, the intersecting folds have made dome and basin shaped structures. Uplift and erosion occurred. A quartz-feldspar porphyry intruded the Timbs Group in the southern Arthur Lineament at .
In the north east of Tasmania the Mathinna Group received its last deposits in the form of turbidites in the Bellingham Formation and Sidling Sandstone containing more feldspar.
Granites were intruded in the east of Tasmania around . The St Marys Porphyrite is an ash flow of dacite from . Three large batholiths are in the north east: Scottsdale, Eddystone and Blue Tier. Gravity measurements show that granite underlies most of north east Tasmania at depth. Its western edge is a shelf running from Noland Bay in the north to Great Oyster Bay on the east coast. Granite also underlies the east coast with outcrops on Freycinet Peninsula, Maria Island, and Tasman Peninsula and the Hyppolite Rocks. The eastern Bass Strait Islands also show large exposures of granite, including Flinders, Cape Barren, and Clarke Island. Even the Tasmanian islands in the far north of Bass Strait are composed of granite, including Rodondo Island, Moncoeur Island, Kent Group including Deal Island, and Judgement Rocks. Hogan Island and Curtis Island. These islands formed a land bridge in the last ice age and butt up against Wilsons Promontory in Victoria. In the Blue Tier Granite, granodiorite came first. Adamellite intruded, named Mount Pearson Pluton and feeding the St Marys Porphyrite at . A second stage of adamellite came at and alkali-feldspar granite derived by fractional crystallisation followed at . Similar ages and sequences of types apply to the other batholiths. In the batholiths there are quartz-feldspar porphyry and dolerite dykes. S-type granite is only found for sure in the Eddystone Batholith in the most extreme north east. Away from the east the I-type granite proportion increases. 
Veins of gold were crystallised in the Mathinna-Alberton Gold Lineament, a line from Scottsdale to Blue Tier. The Scamander field originated from the edge of the Mount Pearson biotite adamellite-granite pluton, containing tungsten-molybdenum, tin-copper and silver-lead-zinc veins.
Folding and foliation occurred in northeast Tasmania during the Devonian after the granites appeared.
The Eldon Group finished forming in a shallow marine environment with quartz sandstone and mudstone lying conformably on the Gordon Group rocks. Fossils include brachiopods, gastropods, bryozoans, and tentaculites.
Granite.
In the west of the state there were thirteen small granitic intrusions around . The western plutons were associated with mineralization at Zeehan.
The Heemskirk Granite is a D-shaped double intrusion of 120 km2. It has two parts, one part red, and another white granite that intrudes the red, it is high in tourmaline. Mineralisation from the Heemskirk Granite with cassiterite or tin and tungsten skarn, or silver lead and zinc veins occur in the Zeehan field. The Pieman Granite is a similar age at , but without useful mineral deposits. The Cox Bight granite is white aged at . The South West Cape Granite is dated at . It is foliated and white to cream with biotite and feldspar in large crystals. 
The Meredith Batholith contains biotite adamellite. It contains ten separate plutons. A contact aureole of 2.5 km thickness surrounds the batholith in the form of albite epidote hornfels. The granite formed . Geophysical exploration and a borehole has revealed a large granite mass a kilometer below Zeehan, Renison, Dundas, Rosebery mineral fields. This is the Heemskirk–Granite Tor subsurface ridge. Lamprophyre dykes near Queenstown is . The Grandfathers Granite is an adamellite under 2 km deep south and offshore from Cape Sorell. It has a few isolated outcrops on the surface. Lamprophyre dykes and sheets have intruded at Hibbs Bay and nearby on the south west coast .
The Housetop Granite outcrops over 120 km2 at the western end of the Sheffield Element. It is a biotite granite solidified . It produced some mineral veins with lead, silver, zinc, copper and tin-tungsten skarn at Kara. The Dolcoath Granite outcrops near Cethana but extends underground to the west. It has produced magnetite-fluorite-vesuvianite mineral deposits at Moina, and tin tungsten bismuth veins at the Shepherd and Murphy Mine. The Beulah Granite outcrops near Paradise and Beulah and it extends underground to the north and west.
Granite Tor Granite as it appears on the surface is just a small part of a large buried granite body that may connect with the Heemskirk Granite. Its age is .
Carboniferous.
On the eastern side of King Island some small stocks of granite with dykes intruded. The granites are adamellite-granodiorite with large crystals of K-feldspar. They are around . They are known as Grassy Granodiorite,
and Bold Head Adamellite in the south east, and Sea Elephant Adamellite on the north east is richer in feldspar.
Megakinking caused shortening in the NNW-SSE direction in north east Tasmania with blocks up to 9 km across rotated.
Permian.
In the Permian, glacial conditions predominated with, icecaps on the land, and ice floating on the sea, as a result of which tillite is found at the base of the Permian deposits. Mudstone with dropstones was formed in the sea areas, particularly in the eastern half of Tasmania. This eastern zone is known as the Tasmania Basin. The rocks are undeformed and cover the central part of the state, most of the east coast, down to the south coast, and with extensions to the north coast near Launceston and Devonport. What is now visible has been reduced by erosion.
The Permian and Triassic deposits together are known as the Parmeener Super Group. The lowest levels are a discontinuous dark grey pebbly tillite up to several hundreds of meters thick. It has been found at Cygnet (Truro Tillite), Glenorchy, Margate, Woodbridge, Maydena, Shoemaker Point and Hastings. Mount Anne, Mount Mueller, and Mount Wedge are the most south west extension of the tillite. In the north it occurs at Wynyard as the Wynyard Tillite. In the west is the Zeehan Tillite. The broken fragments of rocks are often faceted and scratched, and can be up to boulder sized. They are embedded in rock flour and silt. The ice that brought the till flowed from the west of Tasmania in an easterly direction. The tillite may have started appearing in the Late Carboniferous.
Siltstone with varves is found at Maydena, it is called laminite. Above the tillite is massive mudstone and siltstone with occasional dropstones, the Woody Island Siltstone in southern Tasmania and Quamby Mudstone in the northern half. The upper levels of the marine sequence are silstone and sandstone with frequent dropstones and fossils. These are the Bundella Formation and Golden Valley Group. Oil shale forms a layer in the north and at Douglas River in the east. The shale is known as tasmanite. Above this are freshwater deposits of conglomerate, sandstone with pebbles, siltstone with quartz or mica. These freshwater beds can be up to 30m thick. They are called Faulkner Group, the Liffey Group and the Mersey coal Measures. Above this in south east Tasmania are more marine units that include Nassau Formation Berriedale Limestone, up to 60 m thick, siltstone and sandstone rich in fossils and dropstones (Malbina Formation, and
Deep Bay Formation), and the upper part is dark grey siltstone rich in dropstones. The very top layers are coloured black, probably from an estuary (Risdon Sandstone and the Abels Bay Formation). Felsic volcanic ash is found near the top of the sequence of sediments. 
Fresh water deposits form the Upper Parmeener Super Group. The layer commence with poorly cemented sandstone, mudstone, carbonaceous mudstone and coal (Cygnet Coal Measures). Glossopteris is frequently found as well as Dulhuntyspora. In the past coal was mined at Mount Cygnet and Adventure Bay and at Mount Ossa. These sandstones were laid down by east flowing rivers.
Triassic.
Continental conditions resulted in sandstone deposits, which contain small dinosaur remains. The Triassic sediments are also part of the Parmeener Super Group. The lowest levels are a sparkling clean quartz sandstone free of coal. The uppermost parts have sandstone and beds of coal. Coal was mined at Newtown, Kaoota, Mount Lloyd, Strathblane, and on the Tasman Peninsula. The sandstone has also been heavily used as building stone. 
At St Marys there were two volcanic eruptions of alkali-olivine basalt at . Tuff from calc-alckaline volcanoes to the east of Tasmania produced some layers in the upper sediments. One ashfall at the top of the Carnina is dated at .
Jurassic.
A major intrusion of dolerite occurred in the Jurassic. This was a widespread phenomena covering over one third of Tasmania, and possibly more in the past. This intrusion also affected Antarctica, Argentina and South Africa at . This has been called the Karoo-Ferrar large igneous province. Three to five million cubic kilometers of magma were intruded overall, being the planet's fourth largest known magma intrusion. This may have been the cause of the Toarcian extinction through a consequent oceanic anoxic event. Henrik Svensen claimed that the magma baked coal and oil shale producing up to 27.4 teratonnes of carbon dioxide, some of which entered the Earth's atmosphere. 
Tasmania has the largest exposure of dolerite in the world of 30000 km2 and a volume of 15000 km3. In Tasmania the rock is characteristic of many mountains with its columnar joining and dark blue grey colour. The composition is 40% plagioclase, 20% clinopyroxene, 20% quartz, 5% ilmenite and small percentages of potassium feldspar and amphibole. The rock is altered by water to smectite and kaolinite with quartz being left unaltered. The soil surface concentrates zirconium and titanium. The soils on dolerite also contain nodules of hematite and may contain a buried layer of stones called a stone line.
Most of the intrusions are in the form of sills up to 500 m thick. Mostly the sills are in the Parmeener Super Group rocks. There are also stepped sills, inclined sheets, cones and some dykes. Closely adjacent country rocks were metamorphosed to hornfels. The upper parts of sills may be more coarsely grained. Dolerite is crushed to use as road metal, and aggregate.
Mount Anne, Mount Mueller, and Mount Wedge in the south west are capped in dolerite, where it also makes contact with Precambrian rocks.
It appears that the magma came from the crust rather than the mantle. Solidification occurred at .
A Jurassic forest was buried in an andestic volcanic eruption at Lune River. Here beneath the lava flow is mudstone with fossil wood and leaves.
On King Island, there was an intrusion of a biotite lamprophyre dyke at . Xenoliths of granulite-facies metamorphic rock resemble those found in eastern Antarctica.
Cretaceous.
In the Cretaceous continental breakup of Gondwana started near Tasmania.
About a rift entered the east coast of Tasmania from the south and split off the Lord Howe Rise. Sea floor spreading continued to move this continental sliver away to the east from Tasmania and Australia, and the rift jumped into the Lord Howe Rise and separated off the East Tasman Plateau. This East Tasman Plateau microcontinent was originally off the southeast of Tasmania; it is a circular piece of continental rocks surrounded by oceanic crust. Volcanism occurred there .
In the Cretaceous Bass Strait was stretched and thinned and became filled with water. Vulcanism occurred in the Bass Basin. Flowering plants moved into Tasmania about .
At these times Tasmania was still connected to Antarctica with the southwest abutting Oates Land and the Wilson Hills. South from Tasmania is an extension of continental crust called the South Tasman Rise, The Gilbert Seamount was split from the South Tasman Rise by sea floor spreading about .
This extension created a number of sedimentary basins: Bass, Durroon, Gippsland, Otway and Sorell Basins. They each contain several kilometers of sediment from the late Mesozoic to Cainoozoic time periods. Bass Basin, between King Island, and north from the Tamar River, has up to 12 km of sediment, actually starting from the Jurassic. The lowest layer is the Otway Group of sandstone made from rock fragments. The Eastern View Coal
Measures follow. The Latrobe Group found in the Otway Basin, closer to Victoria, is from the same time and produces the oil found in the area. From Late Paleocene to early Eocene there was an unconformity. A shale from Demons Bluff Formation follows in the Eocene, deposited in calm sea water. The Torquay Group reaches from Oligocene to the current day, with marl and limestone formed in open sea water.
The Durroon Basin is south east of the Bass Basin. Late Cretaceous rocks are conglomerate, with sandstones above. From there was a high thermal gradient of 55° per km. Around there was uplift and erosion of 900 m of sediment called Southern Ocean breakup
unconformity. A layer of olivine basalt lies on this, followed by carbonaceous shale for 300 m called Durroon Mudstone . This was deposited in a lake. Non marine sediment follow from Cretaceous, through Paleocene to Eocene . From the Demons Bluff
Formation sandstone formed, and finally the Torquay Group with more sandstone and shale than in the Bass Basin.
Rocks from the Cretaceous include syenite porphyry sills and dykes near Cygnet around . They intrude the Lower Parmeener Group rocks, and dolerite. There are two kinds of composition, one is high alkali, alumina, silicon and barium containing melanite garnet; the other is high in potassium with nepheline and hauyne. This rock is banatite. Clay from this was mined at Police point, and there are also some gold deposits. There is likely to be a giant laccolith of syenite below Cygnet.
Cape Portland is host to andesite, lamprophyre and porphyrite intrusions and eruptions from . Musselroe Bay nearby has a lamprophyre and basalt from .
Cainozoic.
Pre-Quaternary.
Tectonics.
Tasmania finally disconnected from Antarctica . Several basins were formed by faulting. Faulting was connected with continental breakup. Most faulting was finished by the Eocene, but the Sorell Basin continued into the Oligocene. Cainozoic age deposits are found in the northern midlands (Tamar Graben), and south of Macquarie Harbour in the Macquarie Harbour Graben. In the south east are the Derwent Graben and the Coal River Graben. Thick layers of Cainozoic rocks are found in the estuary of the Derwent River, D'Entrecasteaux Channel, Sandy Bay, Taroona, Middleton, Craigow Hill, and Spring Bay. The rocks are mostly silstone and clay. The deep estuary rocks are from the Paleocene. Travertine is found at Geilston Bay. Silcrete and laterite from this time is found too. 
The Macquarie Harbour graben deposits dating from Palaeocene and Eocene are poorly consolidated sand, and gravel, with some beds of lignite and clay. Sediments are up to 500 meters thick, with the lowest layers consisting of dolerite boulders. 
The Tamar Graben was an extension to the south of the Bass Basin onto the Tasmanian island. Sediments started in the graben at the very end of the Cretaceous, and into the Paleocene and Eocene with conglomerate, sandstone, mudstone and lignite. Basalt and conglomerate is buried south of White Hills. There is Eocene carbonaceous silt. The Longford Sub-basin extends inland south of the Tamar Graben, and is filled with 800 m of clay, sand and gravel, with some basalt towards the top layers, mostly from the Eocene.
The Devonport-Port Sorell Sub-Basin was formed in Paleocene with carbonaceous mudstone and sandstone. The Thirlstane Basalt is above at , an alkali-olivine basalt. Then the Wesley Vale Sand follows, and the Moriarty Basalt is 50 meters thick at .
The Sorell Basin forms the continental shelf off the west coast. It has sub-basins of King Island, Sandy Cape, Strahan, and Port Davey which were formed in the Early Cretaceous. The King Island Basin is terminated on the east by a normal fault. It is south of King Island and north west of Tasmania. It has a basement of the Rocky Cape Group from the Proterozoic. The first sediments are red conglomerate beds for 190 m. mid-Upper Cretaceous sandstone and mudstone follow, the same age as the Sherbrook Group. Then more conglomerate sandstone and mudstone matching the Wangerrip Group up to early Eocene. Quartz sandstone is above this, with marl, mudstone and limestone from Oligocene and Miocene age. There is an unconformity at the Pliocene base. Approximately 4 km of sediment is found in each subbasin.
Sea level.
The sea level was high in the very early Miocene, and sandstone and calcarenite deposits are up to 30 meters above sea level in the north west and on King Island. In the late early Miocene sea level was up to 100 meters higher than now. There is Pliocene limestone on Flinders Island just above sea level. The Scottsdale sub-basin is up to 225 meters thick from the late Oligocene to early Miocene.
Basalt.
Volcanic vents opened up . Lava flows of basalt up to 20 meters thick were formed. Some volcanoes were explosive with bombs, and pyroclastic tuff. The eruptions are probably from the Oligocene and Miocene. The earliest eruption was at Bream Creek on the east coast at . From Weldborough it is but mostly eroded. 
In the south east, basalt from Sandy Bay dates from . Campania has an alkali basalt from but it also has younger flows of olivine tholeiites. From near Hobart there is olivine basalt from .
In north east Tasmania, there are many lava flows from middle Eocene to early Miocene. There are at least four types: alkali olivine basalt, quartz tholeiite , alkaline basalt, and olivine nephelinite. Lava flows in the north east flowed down valleys to the sea.
In the north west, there was so much lava that valleys filled and overflowed. A plain resulted with up to 750 meters thickness, and maximum extent south of Wynyard and Burnie. In the late Eocene and early Oligocene lakes were formed near Waratah. Older alkaline basalt in the north west is from , at Table Cape basanite from and at Stanley basanite is dated to and . Mount Cameron West has olivine basalt from 15.5 and 14.4 Ma.
On the southern part of the Central Plateau, there are olivine melilite nephelinite, olivine nephelinite, quartz tholeiite lava flows. These ran south down tributaries of the Derwent River . On the east side of the Central Pateau an olivine nephelinite is from , and a flow of nepheline hawaiite is from . In the western Midlands there is basalt from , and hawaiites from 25 and .
Around Launceston, igneous rocks were intruded into Cainozoic sediments forming dolerite and monzonite.
Quaternary.
In the Ice age there were valley glaciers and a 1000 km2 ice cap.
Glaciation on Mount Field occurred 41-44 ka during MIS 3, and 18 ka during MIS 2 with ice free conditions at 16 ka.
Glaciers were in a number of locations on the west coast - at Mount Murchison, Mount Tyndall and the Eldon Range. Glaciers flowed into the Henty River and King River. Moraines were deposited at Crotty and the Henty Road. Ice pushed out from the King River Glacier into Linda, Comstock and Nelson Valleys. Wood from the Linda moraine had a carbon-14 age of 26480 years. There are also cirques on Frenchmans Cap, the West Coast Range, the Denison Range, and King William Range.
Several caves have developed in dolomite and limestone. Well known are King Solomons Cave and Marakoopa Cave at Mole Creek, and the Newdgate Cave at Hastings.
Periglacial activity broke up rocks with ice wedges and formed block fields and block streams.
Gravels are also left from rivers in Quaternary times. These include the Huon River with gravel at Randals Bay, Judbury and Beaupre Point. The pebbles are mostly quartzite, but include dolerite and agate.
The film Walking with Dinosaurs was filmed in part in central Tasmania where forests of gymnosperms similar to vegetation in the Cretaceous still grow.
South Tasman Rise.
A ridge of continental crust extends south of Tasmania below sea level. It contains quartz syenite from , and Cainozoic volcanics.
Macquarie Island.
Macquarie Island is politically part of the state of Tasmania, but comes from a very different geological context. It has formed as part of the oceanic crust and mantle was buckled upwards. It is the only place in the world where a complete section of oceanic crust is exposed above water in the place it was formed. The rock composing the island was formed at the ridge along the boundary of the Australian Plate and the Pacific Plate in Eocene times . Spreading from the ridge became less perpendicular (ESE-WNW), more oblique (SE-NW) and eventually almost parallel to the ridge (NNE-SSW). The plate boundary is now entirely a transform fault a few kilometers to the west of the island. This left fracture zones and spreading fabric in the rock. The Geomagnetic reversals leave a magnetic anomaly trace in the rock. Transpression on the plate boundary has deformed the oceanic crust in the vicinity to make the Macquarie Ridge Complex, raising Macquarie Island out of the water. It is studied to understand seafloor spreading and transform faults, and hydrothermal alteration of the undersea floor. Most of the south of the island consists of sub oceanic basalt layered between Globigerina ooze. The part north of Langdon Point and Ballast Bay consists of serpentinite derived from gabbro, troctolite, and peridotite (dunite, wehrlite, and harzburgite). This was formed in the deep crust and mantle.
The two different rock zones are separated by the Finch-Langdon fault zone. It consists of seven segments of faults, subsidiary faults and splays. The fault is a transform fault with a corner at the spreading ridge. South of the fault on the west coast is breccia interbedded with the basalts. The breccia matrix is mud, and the stones consist of basalt, dolerite, and gabbro. The southern end of Bauer Bay has a talus of breccia 140 m thick. On top is greywacke and chert. Many other faults cut the rock due to stress from the transform, and uplift. Some of these have scarps that dam lakes.
Plate tectonics.
Various theories describe the past history of Tasmania in relation to other continental masses. Most models have the south west Tasmania abbutting East Antarctica. In the missing link model, Z. X. Li has south west China positioned off the east coast of Tasmania with rifting at , with the Kamding dykes in China matching some granites from Tasmania.
Tasmania can be subdivided into two terranes, separated by the Tamar Fracture System, on a line from the Tamar River to Sorell in the south east. The West Tasmania Terrane constitutes most of the state, including all the Precambrian and Cambrian rocks. The East Tasmania Terrane makes up the north east and east coasts dating from the Ordovician.
Geohazards.
The east side of the island of Tasmania is in a low earthquake area. The western highlands is part of a belt of seismic activity that includes highlands in eastern Victoria and New South Wales. Just off the north east coast is a point with a large number of tremors, believed to be an incipient volcano. Macquarie Island is in an earthquake region. On 23 December 2004 an earthquake measuring 8.1 on the Richter magnitude scale (one of the largest earthquakes ever recorded) rocked the island, but caused little damage.
The last major earthquake in Tasmania was between magnitude 6.5 and 7 at the Lake Edgar Fault in the Recent Period, but more than 200 years ago.
On 4 June 1872, a large landslip collapsed part of the side of Mount Arthur. A huge debris flow descended Humphrys Rivulet, stripping the upstream parts of trees and regolith. Where Glenorchy is now, a flood 600 meters wide engulfed farms. Broken trees, boulders, and mud were deposited. Remarkably no one lost their life as all escaped to safety when hearing the rumbling in the distance.
Minerals.
Several unusual minerals are known from Tasmania: crocoite, stichtite, ferroaxinite from Dundas, sellaite,
chondrodite, norbergite, wagnerite and fluoborite from Mount Bischoff, heazlewoodite (Originally discovered in Tasmania) and shandite from the Trial Harbour nickel mine. From Mount Lyell there are rare minerals: mawsonite, betechtinite, florenceite, hessite, jalpaite, magnesiofoitite, svanbergite-woodhousite, stannoidite, stromeyerite, and zunyite.
Tasmanite the mineral named after Tasmania is in Dana's classification as an Oxygenated hydrocarbon. It consists of reddish brown scales about 1 mm across. It is insoluble in benzene, carbon disulfide, turpentine, ether or alcohol. It contains about 5% sulfur. It is found on the banks of the Mersey River. The shale it is present in, is a kind of oil shale.
Pelionite is a name for cannel coal from Mount Pelion East and Barn Bluff. This term is no longer used.
William Frederick Petterd was an amateur who studied minerals in Tasmania. He built up the Petterd collection which was donated to the Royal Society of Tasmania and stored at the Tasmanian Museum and Art Gallery. He discovered dundasite, named from the mine where it was found. Dundaisite has formula PbAl2(CO3)2(OH)4.H2O. It is a silky milk white spherical aggregate.
Philipsbornite, PbAl3(AsO4)2(OH)5.H2O was originally found in the Adelaide mine and identified as a new mineral by Professor Walenta. It was named after another German professor Philipsborn. It occurs as several other mines and appears as a greenish grey earth.
Shandite, Ni3Pb2S2, was first discovered at Trial Harbour by P. Ramdohr in 1960.
Geophysics.
The geothermal gradient was measured at a gas seep in Smithton as 26.4 degrees/km. Forest has 27.8 °/km. The Otway Basin has a gradient of 36°/km. Several companies are exploring for hot rocks for geothermal energy. The granite areas have a gradient of 30°/km, whereas the Parmeener sedimentary areas have a gradient of 40°/km. Heat flow is between 85 and 159 mW/m2.
Active seismic exploration reveals the nature of the deep crust. It shows that the Tyennan block plumbs the depth to the moho which is about 33 km underneath. The Tyennan Block slopes below the Adamsfield-Jubilee Element. Under the Tasmania Basin the block is stretched, with faults in to several large blocks that have tilted down. Above these the Adamsfield-Jubilee Element sediments have filled in the topography. Below the north east element the moho is 36 km deep with alternating seismically fast and slow rocks in the mid crust.
The Tyennan Block and the Rocky Cape Element have a boundary that dips at 30D to the east to the base of the crust. The Dundas Element lies on top of this boundary. A shallower Moho occurs under the Rocky Cape Block at 26 to 28 km. A deep segment is found under the central north of the state, down to 34 km. Bass Strait is a low seismic velocity zone.
Magnetic field measurements show that the different elements making up Tasmania have very different signatures. Wherever there is Jurassic Dolerite, the magnetic map shows fine ripples, so the Tasmania Basin stands out, as does the smaller intrusions in the other elements. The North east element is smooth, as is the Tyennan Block, and the Adamsfield-Jubilee Element. The Dundas Element has a smooth background with prominent north-south ridges. The Rocky Cape Element is densely packed with linear textures parallel to the Arthur Lineament, with the Smithton Syncline showing as a Y shape. King Island also shows north-south texture. Basalt south of Wynyard also shows a wrinkly magnetic signature.
The stress field in the crust has not yet been measured.
Mining.
World class mineral deposits of base and precious metals were found in western Tasmania. Major mines are at Mount Lyell, Rosebery, Zeehan, Que River, Henty and Savage River. Many are hosted in the Mount Read Volcanics. They are in the form of massive sulfides. The Mount Lyell mine extracts copper and gold. The Renison Bell mine was the largest primary tin producer in Australia. Mount Lyell gold and copper deposit was discovered in 1883, formerly the biggest copper mine, and operating till this day.
The Savage River ore body is in the Bowry Formation in the Arthur Metamorphic Complex. It consists of magnetite, pyrite, chalcopyrite and tiny amounts of sphalerite,
ilmenite and rutile. The ore was formed under the sea in association with volcanism. The Savage River area also contains deposits of Magnesite in the form of marble.
At Beaconsfield, gold is mined from a quartz reef in a fault. The largest Tasmanian gold nugget was found at Rocky River in 1883, weighing 243 ounces.
An oil exploration boom happened in the 1920s with two companies making bold claims, but earning nothing from oil shale.
Asbestos was mined from the Cape Sorell and Serpentine Hill ultramafic complexes.
History.
Abel Janszoon Tasman noted in his journal on 22 November 1642 that his compasses were not steady and deduced the presence of mines of loadstone. This was two days before his lookout spotted Tasmania for the first time. This was the first prognostication of mineral wealth on the west coast of Tasmania. 
A. W. Humphrey, a mineralogist, collected rocks and minerals from 1804. W. H. Twelvetrees and W. F. Petterd did petrographic investigations in Cygnet, around 1899. Other unpaid people studied Tasmanian geology such as Paweł Edmund Strzelecki, Joseph Milligan who was a surgeon, Charles Darwin, John Lhotsky and Joseph Jukes.
Joseph Milligan sent specimens of a manganese mineral from Frenchman's Cap and Galena to the 1851 Great Exhibition in London. Small amounts of gold were discovered at Fingal and Lefroy in 1851. William B. Clarke a geologist and Anglican parson predicted that gold would be found in Tasmania at 146 degrees east longitude line. In 17 July 1859 Charles Gould a geologist recruited from England was appointed as the Geological Surveyor of Tasmania by the Tasmanian governor. He began the search for worthwhile minerals in the west, gave up and studied the geology of the eastern half of the state instead. He was commissioned by the Tasmanian Government in 1862 to return to the west coast, he named mountains in the West Coast Range: Mount Lyell after Charles Lyell, Mount Darwin, Mount Huxley and opponents of Charles Darwin were commemorated with Mount Owen, Mount Sedgwick, and Mount Jukes. Gould returned several times but did not find worthwhile mineral deposits. James "Philosopher" Smith discovered the Mount Bischoff tin deposit, the world's largest, on 4 December 1871. This discovery inspired Renison Bell to find more tin, and Dally found the gold reef at Beaconsfield and at Lefroy.
In 1882, Gustav Thureau was appointed Inspector of Mines, later called Inspector and Mining Geologist. In 1889, the position became Geological Surveyor. William Harper Twelvetrees took up the position. He established the Geological Survey library, and mineral and rock collection at the Queen Victoria Museum in Launceston. In 1883, the Mines Office was created from the Commissioners and registrars for mines and goldfields that worked in the Mines Branch of the Lands and Works Department. Bernard Shaw was appointed the Secretary for Mines. The Mines Office gained a Minister for Mines in 1894 and changed its name to Mines Department. Bernard Shaw later became the Police Commissioner. The Mines Department lost its separate existence in July 1989 when it was merged to the Department of Resources and Energy, which has since changed its name several times. The current name for the Mines Office is "Mineral Resources Tasmania".
Tannatt William Edgeworth David a geologist working out of Sydney was a proponent of the idea of Permo-Carboniferous glaciations. He studied the evidence for past glaciations in Tasmania. 
Professor S. Warren Carey established the Department of Geology at the University of Tasmania in 27 October 1946. He was an early proponent of continental drift and the unauthodox expanding earth theory. He had become the Government Geologist of Tasmania in 1944 where he organised the understanding of Paleozoic formations in the west coast mineral fields, and introduced the Cenozoic rift valley idea, and the policy of publishing the results of the Geologic Survey. Carey introduced terms such as orocline and sphenochasm and the concept of the hotspot. The University of Tasmania building for Geology and Geography was constructed in 1962. It had exhibitions of a Foucault pendulum, a seismometer recording drum, a mosaic illustrating crystal symmetry, and a large terrestrial globe. Carey organised and hosted the Continental Drift Symposium in 1956.
The Tasmanian Seismic Net was established in 1957.
Professor Carey founded the Tasmanian Caverneering Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18521550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521550" title="New South Wales D57 class locomotive">
New South Wales D57 class locomotive

The D57 class was a class of 4-8-2 steam locomotives built by Clyde Engineering for the New South Wales Government Railways in Australia. The tenders were built by Mort's Dock.
Introduction.
The locomotives were among the heaviest of locomotives in Australia with a 24 tonne axle load and this along with their width restricted their sphere of operation to Thirroul on the Illawrra line, Wallerawang on the Main Western line and Junee on the Main South line.
They had the highest tractive effort of any conventional engines used in Australia and were of approximately equal capability to the 60 class Garratt locomotives. They were very reliable and had the nickname "Lazy Lizzies" because they made heavy workings seem effortless. Another nickname was bestowed on the class, "Chuckling Charlies" due to their syncopated exhaust beat.
The three cylinder design fitted to the class gave it a distinctive off-beat exhaust sound when climbing upgrade. This design was also fitted to the 58 class. However, a couple of features, such as the Gresley conjugating valve gear fitted to these locomotives has been the source of debate as to its efficiency.
Demise and Preservation.
The first was withdrawn in October 1957, the last in October 1961.
The last example in traffic was saved for preservation:

</doc>
<doc id="18521551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521551" title="Jagged">
Jagged

Jagged is the eighteenth studio album by the musician Gary Numan, his first original album in over five years, following "Pure" in 2000. Stylistically "Jagged" was a development of its predecessor's chorus-driven, anthemic industrial sound, utilising heavier electronics and more prominent live drumming. Although reaction to the new record was predominantly positive, critical opinion was more heavily divided than had been the case with the almost universal praise enjoyed by "Pure". Reaching number 59 in the UK album charts, "Jagged" charted no higher than the earlier release, some commentators and fans regarding the long time between albums as a missed opportunity for consolidation in the wake of "Pure"'s reception and the number 13 UK chart position attained by Numan's 2003 single with Rico, "Crazier". "Jagged" was the first album issued on Numan's own Mortal Records label, licensed to Cooking Vinyl. The US release, on Metropolis Records, included an alternate mix of "Fold" as a bonus track. In April Numan embarked on a tour of the UK, Europe and North America to promote the album.
Production.
Originally planned for a 2003 release, "Jagged" was finally issued in March 2006 after various delays that had resulted in adverse comments from a number of fans, to which Numan responded in kind on his website, NuWorld. He cited the birth of his two children after years of unsuccessful IVF attempts, issues with his former record company Artful, and trepidation at the prospect of producing a successful follow-up to the critically praised "Pure" as reasons for the delay. Given the album's long gestation period, by the time it was released a number of the tracks had already been published in one form or another. "Haunted" began life as an instrumental on the 2002 compilation "Exposure". "Halo" had been premiered in concert in 2003 as "Does God Bleed?", before being given a live DVD release in 2005, as had the title track. 
Numan used more musicians on "Jagged" than on any of his releases for the past decade. The Sulpher team of Rob Holiday and Monti contributed to a number of tracks but, in the end, Numan took the finishing production touches out of their hands and completed the album with techno musician and DJ Ade Fenton. Guest performers included former Nine Inch Nails drummer Jerome Dillon, as well as Martin McCarrick from Therapy?, Siouxsie and the Banshees and other bands, and his wife Kimberlee. Long-time Numan collaborators Steve Harris, Richard Beasley and Andy Gray also played on the album.
The album sold far less than "Pure" and "Exile", his last two albums released through Eagle Records. However Numan claimed this was down to the increasing number of illegal downloads, and stated "Jagged" on one site had 20,000 downloads of the album alone. The preceding US tour also saw lower numbers due to bad promotion of the album in the states.
Style.
The opening song, "Pressure", featured Middle Eastern sounds coupled with lyrics that obliquely alluded to the impatience of fans for new product. Numan's vocal delivery on "Halo" recalled the dance-orientated style of his late-1980s work. "Haunted" utilised a guitar riff reminiscent of Led Zeppelin's "Kashmir". "In a Dark Place", released as a single and video in July 2006, was one of a number of tracks which continued the (literal) questioning of God common to Numan's three previous albums, "Sacrifice" (1994), "Exile" (1997) and "Pure". Another track debunking religious beliefs was "Melt", with the lines "I know that Heaven is a burnt out shell / I know forgiveness is the door to Hell / I know confession is a black empty lie".
A number of reviewers noted ephemeral links between "Jagged" and Numan's classic work from the late 1970s and early 1980s, though the composer himself claimed not to see such connections. The final/title track, as well as featuring harshly whispered vocals in the style of Numan's 2002 hit "Rip", included in its coda an echo of the distinctive siren-like 'vox humana' Polymoog sound that characterised "Cars" and other songs on "The Pleasure Principle" (1979), and also appeared on the Andy Gray remix "Pure"'s "A Prayer for the Unborn".
Track listing.
All songs written by Gary Numan.

</doc>
<doc id="18521552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521552" title="Computer Game Review">
Computer Game Review

Computer Game Review was a print magazine covering both computer gaming, and at the time upper end video gaming. Also known as Computer Game Review and 16-Bit Entertainment, and then later as Computer Game Review and CD-Rom Entertainment.
Reviews typically consisted of a short, impartial synopsis of plot and gameplay, with separate scores assigned subjectively by each of three reviewers. Games were rated out of 100, and if the game received a high enough ranking it would receive either a Platinum or Golden Triad Award.
The magazine folded in 1996, when Sendai Media Group was bought by Ziff-Davis, owner of the competing Computer Gaming World.

</doc>
<doc id="18521554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521554" title="Prelapse">
Prelapse

Prelapse is an album by the Boston-based band of the same name featuring John Zorn. The album was released on the Japanese Avant label in 1999 and features 10 tracks originally written by Zorn for the band Naked City. The band came to Zorn's attention after transcribing several Naked City compositions.

</doc>
<doc id="18521555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521555" title="Hood (surname)">
Hood (surname)

Hood is a surname, and may refer to:
Jimmie Wayne Hood, Native American rights activist, naturalist

</doc>
<doc id="18521556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521556" title="Laboratoire d'Automatique, Génie Informatique et Signal">
Laboratoire d'Automatique, Génie Informatique et Signal

The Laboratoire d'Automatique, Génie Informatique et Signal (LAGIS) is a French research laboratory (UMR CNRS 8146) located on the campus Lille I of the Université Lille Nord de France. It is hosted in the premises of École centrale de Lille.
Research history.
LAGIS roots date back to year 1957 when the University of Lille started a research laboratory on command and control. Simultaneously, a curriculum was established for students from Lille faculty of sciences and a curriculum elective item on servomechanism for engineer students from École centrale de Lille. These curricula items were later transformed into a control science curriculum.
Historically, research area in Lille were focused on control systems and computer engineering for large scale systems, and the laboratory was named LAIL (Laboratoire d'automatique et d'informatique industrielle) at that time. This was due to funding for applied research such as optimal command for ironworks processes, job-shop scheduling and control for manufacturing systems in automobile industry and automated logistic centres, control systems for terrestrial transport systems (especially for rail transportation systems and automated metro such as VAL).
Mecatronics applications have been considered later as expanding control and computer engineering applications wherein the know-how developed in LAGIS laboratory is useful.
Research area.
Today, LAGIS academic and applied research roadmap include the following area:

</doc>
<doc id="18521559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521559" title="Inhamitanga">
Inhamitanga

Inhamitanga is a town in the Mozambique province of Sofala.
Transport.
It is served by a station on the Mozambique Railway system, where it is a junction.
Inhamitanga is connected by an unpaved road R1002 with Chupanga.

</doc>
<doc id="18521583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521583" title="Computationally Advanced Infrastructure Partnerships Center">
Computationally Advanced Infrastructure Partnerships Center

The Computationally Advanced Infrastructure Partnerships (CAIP) Center (formerly the Center for Advanced Information Processing) is an advanced technology center at Rutgers University. The center was established in 1985 with the support of the New Jersey Commission on Science and Technology to build upon research in computer-oriented disciplines and to foster collaboration between the university and industry.
The center conducts ongoing research in such fields as VLSI, machine vision, virtual reality, robotics, and software engineering. Much of the research produced by the center is of international significance. The Man-Machine Interface Laboratory has received international recognition in the academic and popular literature for its achievements in virtual rehabilitation
. The center has also collaborated with the Department of Homeland Security and other agencies in developing algorithms for machine-assisted baggage searches, weapons detection and identification, and emergency communications.

</doc>
<doc id="18521609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521609" title="Green Book (Tibetan document)">
Green Book (Tibetan document)

The Green Book is a document issued since 1971 by the Central Tibetan Administration (commonly known as the Tibetan Government in Exile) to Tibetans living outside Tibet, and described by the issuing organization as "the most official document issued by the Tibetan Government in Exile." More than 90 per cent of Tibetan exiles own one. It serves as a receipt book for the person's "voluntary taxes" to the CTA, and has been described by a CTA official as "the passport of the exiled Tibetans to claim their rights from the Tibetan Government in Exile". The CTA says that in the future, the document "will become a base to claim Tibetan citizenship".
The document is valid for 5 years.
History.
A system for collecting an annual "voluntary contribution" from the Tibetans in exile was introduced by the Central Tibetan Administration on August 1, 1972. On March 3, 2005 an updated Green Book format was launched by the CTA's Department of Finance; the document holders data are stored in a computer database that had been created in a project that had started two years previously.
Eligibility.
As of 2010, the CTA web site states that "Any Tibetan who has aged 6 or more is obligated to apply for Green Book and become a full-fledged member of the exile Tibetan community. The Green Book affirms that the individual is a legitimate exile Tibetan who is affiliated to the Tibetan Exile Government."
For this purpose, CTA defines a Tibetan as "any person born in Tibet, or any person with one parent who was born in Tibet", and, as Tibetan refugees often lack documents attesting to their place of birth, the eligibility is usually established by an interview. Green Books have been issued since 1971. They are owned by more than 90 per cent of Tibetan refugees.
Contributions.
Before the issuance of the book, one is expected to pay an annual "voluntary tax" to the CTA. As of 2008, the tax is 44 (US$1.10) for adults residing in India, and US$44 for adult residents of the United States. The Green Book logs all the taxes the holder has paid. It is a major source of funding for the Central Tibetan Administration.
According to the CTA website, the rate is lower for students and the unemployed. But those in India, Nepal, and Bhutan who work for a salary are supposed to contribute 4% of their base salary or 2% of their gross salary (whichever is higher), whereas for those who had income other than salary, the suggested annual contribution was 0.15% of their net annual income.
Benefits eligibility.
According to the CTA, the Data Unit of the Department of Finance manages the central database of Green Book holders.
The holder of a green book needs to be current on their contributions in order to exercise such rights with the CTA as voting or standing for election, applying for scholarships awarded by the CTA, or for employment with the CTA.
The Green Book is not an international travel document. Those Tibetans who live in India but do not have Indian Citizenship can receive a travel document from the Indian authorities. It was reported in 1994 that the process of applying for such a document typically starts with presenting one's Green Book (along with various other documents) to the CTA office in Dharamsala, which then forwards one's application to the Indian authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="18521613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521613" title="Ioniveyem River">
Ioniveyem River

The Ioniveyem River (also spelt "Ioniveem", "Yeni-Veyem" and "Yoniveem") is a stream located in the Chukotka Peninsula in Far East Siberia. It flows northwards into the Kolyuchinskaya Bay, Chukchi Sea. 
The mountain called "Gora Ioni" is located close to it to the east in mid course.
This river and its basin belong to the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug administrative region of Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="18521625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521625" title="Laboratoire d'électrotechnique et d'électronique de puissance de Lille">
Laboratoire d'électrotechnique et d'électronique de puissance de Lille

Laboratoire d'électrotechnique et d'électronique de puissance de Lille (L2EP - ) is a French research laboratory (CNRS EA 2697) focused on electrical engineering. It is located in Lille and is a part of Institut Carnot ARTS and Université Lille Nord de France.
L2EP research teams support academic activities in the following institutes of the Université Lille Nord de France :
It supports doctoral researches and hosts PhD doctoral candidates in relationship with the European Doctoral College Lille Nord-Pas de Calais.
Research area.
Research area focuses on :
L2EP Labs are the core of the Centre national de recherche technologique de Lille FUTURELEC « Réseaux et machines électriques du futur ».

</doc>
<doc id="18521630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521630" title="Future Group">
Future Group

Future Group is an Indian privately held corporation that runs chains of large discount department stores and warehouse stores.
Businesses.
Future Group has a number of businesses across the retail, financial and service industries.
Joint Venture Partnerships.
Generali Group.
Generali is an Italian insurance company, having business in India through a jointventure with Future Group under the brand name Future Generali Insurance. Future Generali operates in India having through two primary legal entities namely Generali India Life Insurance Co. Ltd.(Life Insurance) and Generali India Life Insurance Co. Ltd.(Non-Life Insurance). 
Staples Inc.
Staples Inc. is a United States based office supply retailer.
Celio.
French fashion wear maker
Clark.
C&J Clark International Ltd. is a UK-based footwear and accessories retailer. The Future Group has entered into a 50:50 joint-venture (JV) to form 'Clarks Future Footwear Ltd.'. The JV launched its first (1,600 sq ft.) stand-alone store in Connaught Place, Delhi on 19 April 2011. The brand seeks to gain a share of the premium segment in this category.

</doc>
<doc id="18521636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521636" title="Iced tea (disambiguation)">
Iced tea (disambiguation)

Iced tea is a cold tea drink.
Iced tea may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18521667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521667" title="Pupa affinis">
Pupa affinis

Pupa affinis is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Acteonidae. It is found in the waters around the North Island of New Zealand.
Description.
The shell is 15 mm in length and is usually white, beige, or brown, with or without black markings. It is egg shaped (ovate) with an elevated spire. The columella or central axis of the shell has a large double fold.
Synonyms.
A synonym of this species, described for science by Frederick Wollaston Hutton, may have been named for New Zealand cephalopod biologist Thomas William Kirk, or his father Thomas Kirk, curator of the Auckland Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18521670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521670" title="Environment of Russia">
Environment of Russia

The environment of Russia
Waste management.
141 019 100 tonnes of hazardous waste was generated in Russia in 2009 
Environmental policy and law.
Treaties and international agreements.
Russia is a signatory to a number of treaties and international agreements:
Environmental issues.
Air pollution from heavy industry, emissions of coal-fired electric plants, and transportation in major cities; industrial, municipal, and agricultural pollution of inland waterways and sea coasts; deforestation; soil erosion; soil contamination from improper application of agricultural chemicals; scattered areas of sometimes intense radioactive contamination; ground water contamination from toxic waste; considerable biodiversity addressed by the country's Biodiversity Action Plan.
While Russia possesses vast mineral and energy wealth, this does not come without some price both to Russia and to the greater globe. Particularly, oil and gas extraction exacts a heavy cost to the health of the land and people. Drilling waste water, mud, and sludges are accumulated, annual volumes have been estimated at 1.7 million tons of chemical reagents contaminating 25 million cubic meters of topsoil. Considerable geomechanical disturbances, contamination of soils and water, and multiple increases of contaminated waste water ejected into surface water streams, is a serious problem offsetting Russia's profits from the industry. It has been estimated that between 1991-1999 the volume of contaminated waste waters from the Russian oil industry amounted to 200 million cubic meters. Complete utilization of co-extracted gas in oil extraction does not exceed 80% in Russia, it has been variously estimated that annually 5-17 billion cubic meters of un-utilized gas extracted alongside oil is burnt in "gas torches," with 400,000 tons or more hazardous substances released into the atmosphere from this each year, creating the double impact of wasted resource and negative environmental effect. 560 million tons of methane is estimated to leak annually into the atmosphere from oil and gas extraction, not counting accidental outbursts and pipe breakage. Other valuable industries also have their costs, such as the coal industry's release of vast quantities of hazardous, toxic, and radioactive materials. Also the Russian gold industry, with Russia being the only nation for at least a century with high extraction of gold from placer deposits, and having 4000+ large deposits, inevitably creates problems for the river systems. The associated pollution from using mass explosions in mining also can be a problem. Overall, the extensive mineral wealth and riches, brings with it both great benefit to the Russian economy & people, and the greater globe and all people, yet also several difficult problems to be dealt with.

</doc>
<doc id="18521728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521728" title="Turitea Wind Farm">
Turitea Wind Farm

Turitea Wind Farm is a proposed wind farm being developed by Mighty River Power (MRP) for the Palmerston North District Council. Most of the land is located in the Turitea Reserve, near Turitea, in Palmerston North, New Zealand. The project was initially planned for 131 wind turbines with a capacity of over 300 MW, with final approval of 60 turbines or 180 MW.
The wind farm is proposed for land owned by the Palmerston North District Council. In 2005 and following a competitive bid process, the Council selected MRP to develop the project.
Consent process.
MRP applied for resource consents for 131 turbines in 2008, and later applied to the Environment Minister for the project to be called in under the RMA. The call in process can result in faster processing of major projects, but in this case it coincided with the 2008 election and change of government. The Palmerston North City Council decided to continue with processing of the application, despite MRP's application for call-in.
In December 2008, the Minister for the Environment, Nick Smith, directed that the project be called in and the Board of Inquiry invited submissions and commenced sitting in 2009. The hearing adjourned for a period in 2009, to enable MRP to redesign the proposal, reducing it to 104 turbines. In 2010, the Board resumed the hearing, with a draft decision in February 2011 permitting 61 turbines.
In 2011, the Board issued its final decision, approving a wind farm of 60 turbines, up to 3MW each. In October 2011, Mighty River Power stated in its annual report that the Turitea Wind Farm was not likely to be economically viable before 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="18521730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521730" title="Acharya Narendra Bhooshan">
Acharya Narendra Bhooshan

(Acharya) Narendra Bhooshan (Acharyaji) was an Indian linguist, Vedic Scholar, orator, writer, translator, journalist and publisher. He was a scholar in Sanskrit, Malayalam, Hindi and English.
Early life.
Narendra was born at Chengannur, in central Travancore area, a hundred kilometers west of the famous Sabarimala temple. He completed his school education in Kallissery High School, Chengannur in the year 1952 and joined NSS Hindu College, Changanasserry for higher studies.
Education.
Later, he accepted various jobs before reaching the temple of learning, Dayananda Brahma Mahavidyalaya Hissar, Haryana. Returning from Hissar to his home state, he took up the cause of Vedic literature in India. Acharya Narendra Bhooshan started as an office assistant in an Export Company in Thiruvananthapuram in 1957. He also worked as a teacher and a journalist for brief periods. He served as the "Kulapathi" of Saraswathi Vaidika Gurukulam- Chenganoor and Upakulapathi of Maharshi Dyananda Vaidika Gurukulam in Vaikkom.
The Acharya is also the founder editor of "ARSHA NADAM" Magazine, which is exclusively devoted to the studies related to the Vedas and Upanishads. He admitted all Hindus irrespective of their caste, in his "Gurukulam". Moreover he initiated them to the world of Vedic knowledge by presenting them with the sacred thread (janayu) and the scared Mantra, hitherto viewed as exclusive birthrights of Brahmins. The Acharya has so far delivered about 5000 discourses on various topics mainly on Vedas and Vedic practices. He continued his life's mission ignoring health problems. It was Acharya Narendra Bhushan who for first time in Kerala introduced postal tuition classes for Sanskrit. He established the 'Veda Press' (Akshara Bodhini) in Chengannur in 1978 mainly for publishing materials and books related to Vedic studies in Malayalam.
Published works.
He has to his credit a large number of books - translations, commentary and his original works. There are more than one hundred books by (Acharya) Narendra Bhushan, out which around fifty were published, on Vedas, Upanishads, Hindu philosophy and ancient wisdom. He also contributed to the welfare of the society by conducting two brihat (large) 'Yajnas' Atharva veda Yajna and Chathurveda Yajna at the Mahadeva temple Chengannur in Kerala during 1995. Perhaps his magnum opus is the "Chathurveda Samhitha", transcriptions of the entire chants and mantras of the four Vedas in the Malayalam alphabet along with a profound commentary, along with original Devanagari script. Acharya Narendra Bhooshan's commentaries on all major Upanishads are proof of his profound knowledge in that sphere. These commentaries are in Malayalam. His interpretation (in Malayalam) of 10 major Upanishads are compiled as Dashopanishad Shruthipriya Bhasha Bhayam. He has also done Lokamanya Tilak's "Geetha Rahasyam", Justice Ganga prasad's Origin of Religions "Mathangalute Uthbhavakatha", Swamy Sathyapathi Parivrajaka's "Yogameemamsa" into Malayalam. "Yogameemamsa" explain the true meaning of Yoga dispelling all superstitions of about the practice of Yaga. The contribution of Swami Dayananda Saraswati and Arya samaj were made familiar to the people of Kerala mainly through Acharya's work of "Sathyartha Prakasham" which was originally written in Hindi. Other work in Sanskrit by Swami Dayananda Saraswathy like, "Veda Paryatanam", "Vedageethamrutham" "Achara Bhanu" "Aryabhivinayam" Aryodhesha Ratnamala" were brought into Malayalam by Acharya Narendra Bhushan. Another very important- work is a commentary on "Harinama Keerthanam" explaining the Upanishad and Vedic dimensions of this simple yet very popular Keerthanam. "Mahamrithumjayam" is another work by the author which is a commentary on the inequitable problem of conform by death and the method of talking it by detachment. "Upasana" is another Malayalam work by Acharya Narendra Bhooshan giving in details the Pancha Mahayajna's to be practical in daily life. This book serves as a practical guide for the layman in conducting his life.
He has also contributed to the field of literature by translating BHASA's famous Sanskrit dramas "Abhisheka" and "Ooru Bhanga" to Malayalam. The Malayalam work "Yogesweranaya Sree Krishna" gives a picture of the life Sreekrishna as a Yogi. "Ayodhyayile Sree Raman" is yet another work that render proof for the author's mind "Yaga Parichayam" is a work in Malayalam that attempts to give details regarding the "Yaga". Another book 'Paralokavum Punarjanmavum' serves is a book on Acharya Narendra Bhooshan's thoughts on vedic tradition, religion and spirituality. This book emphasizes the link between spirituality and scientific thought and dismissed some religious practices when they act as obstacles to the development of the self. This book also attempts to unveil the mysteries concerning life after death.
Awards and honours.
Acharya Narendra Bhooshan is also the recipient of many awards and recognitions. The Arya Sama Centenary puraskar 1983, Maharshi Dayanand Puraskar both from Ajmeer, the Vedopadesha Puraskar Bombay in 1992 presented by the then President of India,Dr Gyani Zail Singh, are a few to name. Another award, the first Amrita Keerthi Puraskaram (award) was also bestowed to Acharya Narendra Bhooshan. He also received Veda Ratna award in 2007 from Kashyapa Veda Research Institute, Kozhikode, Kerala. He was among the panel of scholars to prepare the History of Vedic literature in 1988 for the Kerala Sahitya Academy. The work was published by the Academy in 1991. He also served as a member in the selection committee for Academy Award of Kerala Sahitya Academy. He was entrusted by the Kerala state language institute to prepare the history of the three reformation movements of 19th Century, the Arya Samaj, the Brahma Samaj and Prarthana Samaj. Another work by Pt. Veda Bandhu Sharma is under the process of publication under his editorship entitled the Nirukta Pravesika of Yaskka Muni. In 2009 He decided to reject the title ACHARAYA.

</doc>
<doc id="18521747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521747" title="Unité de catalyse et de chimie du solide de Lille">
Unité de catalyse et de chimie du solide de Lille

Unité de catalyse et de chimie du solide de Lille (Laboratory of Catalysis and Solid State Chemistry - UCCS) is a French research laboratory (UMR CNRS 8181) focused on process engineering and chemical engineering.
It is located in Lille, Lens and Béthune and is a part of Université Lille Nord de France. It is affiliated to the Institut des molécules et de la matière condensée de Lille (IMMCL-Chevreul).
UCCS research teams support academic activities in the following sites of the Université Lille Nord de France :
It supports doctoral researches and hosts PhD doctoral candidates in relationship with the European Doctoral College Lille Nord-Pas de Calais.
Research area.
Research area are focused on :
and are supported by large experimental installations in the research lab.

</doc>
<doc id="18521753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521753" title="Buck Jam Tonic">
Buck Jam Tonic

Buck Jam Tonic is a double album of improvised music by John Zorn, Bill Laswell & Tatsuya Nakamura released on the Japanese Wild Disc label in 2003 and consists of one disc mixed in Tokyo and another mixed in New York City. A vinyl edition was also released containing only the Tokyo mix
Track listing.
"All compositions by Nakamura/Laswell/Zorn"

</doc>
<doc id="18521772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521772" title="Grand Lodge of Kentucky">
Grand Lodge of Kentucky

The Grand Lodge of Kentucky is one of two state organizations that supervise Masonic lodges in the state of Kentucky. It was established in 1800.
The Grand Lodge of Virginia (GLVA) established Lexington Lodge #25, the first Masonic lodge west of the Alleghany Mountains, in what is now Lexington, Kentucky, on November 17, 1788. GLVA established other lodges in Frankfort, Georgetown, Paris, and Shelbyville. The process to separate from the GLVA started on September 8, 1800, and was completed to form the Grand Lodge of Kentucky on October 16, 1800; the first Grand Master was William Murray. Half of the original Grand Officers were from the Lexington Lodge, which was renumbered to Lexington #1. Members of Lexington Lodge #1 would include Henry Clay.
By the 1820s, the fifty-five Lodges in Kentucky had a combined membership of 1800. However, the tide of Anti-Masonry caused a reduction to only 1300 members in thirty-seven lodges by 1840. Membership in the 20th century was 100,675 in 479 lodges in 1961, and 83,000 in 457 lodges by the end of June 1989. By 2012, membership had fallen below 48,000.
A Grand Hall for the Grand Lodge was completed in Lexington on October 26, 1826, after plans for it started in 1813 and begun in 1824. While being built, the Grand Lodge was blessed to meet with fellow Freemason Marquis de Lafayette in 1825. Also among the notable events of the building was use as a hospital during a cholera outbreak in 1833, as well as the only two Indian Masons received in Lexington. After three years of discussion, the headquarters of the Grand Lodge were moved to Louisville in 1833. After the Grand Hall was destroyed by fire on 1837. When a new Grand Hall was built on the site of the original on September 1, 1841, the Grand Lodge returned to Lexington until 1858, when it returned to Louisville, where the headquarters remains to this day.
After the Anti-Masonic movement petered out, the Grand Lodge founded several institutions. In 1841 the Masonic University was started in La Grange, but it closed in 1881. The Grand Lodge later founded an Old Masons' Home in Shelbyville in 1901, and a Masonic Widows and Orphans Home in Louisville in 1867, due to the number of widows and orphans caused by the American Civil War. World War I and the ensuing Spanish influenza outbreak caused overcrowding, and a larger orphan's home was constructed at the present-day location (the Saint Matthews area of Louisville), with residents moving to it in 1926. The largest concentration of orphans at the home was 632 in 1930. The last orphan left in 1989, resulting in the home being solely for senior care. Both now accept residents who do not have Masonic connections. The Home is the oldest Masonic foundation in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="18521773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521773" title="Bolting (horse)">
Bolting (horse)

Bolting when referring to equidae, generally refers to two different equine behaviors, both undesirable: the practice of running away without control, and the practice of eating food at a dangerously fast rate. However, there are other meanings as well. For example, in Australia a "bolter" is a racehorse that wins at long betting odds.
Runaways.
Most often, bolting refers to a "runaway" - horses that gallop off with a handler at high speed, whether being ridden under saddle or driving in harness. There are many causes, most linked to fright that triggers the fight-or-flight response of the horse. In these circumstances, the animal is often running in a panic and may not notice where it is going, creating a dangerous situation for both horse and rider.
Less often, bolting is a deliberate disobedience by a horse that wishes to rid itself of a handler or avoid an unpleasant situation. In both cases, bolting horses are usually stopped by being turned in some type of circle, as directly pulling on the reins has little impact.
Bolting is also sometimes seen in horse racing when the horse chooses to ignore its jockey and run as it wishes, often in a manner that makes it difficult for the rider to maneuver the horse or rate its speed. Bolting race horses often head toward the outer rail of the track and even lose racing speed in an attempt to evade the rider's commands.
Horses may also bolt if greatly frightened when loose in a pen or pasture. In a confined area, this may result in an animal running into or jumping a fence.
The phrase "take the bit in his/her teeth" is a colloquial reference to bolting. However, in reality, a bolting horse usually does not take the bit in its teeth, as the bit rests on the gums in an interdental space where there are no teeth. What a horse actually does is to raise its head and tighten its jaw in a manner that allows it to ignore bit pressure. While a horse can move the bit to its molars and chew on it, this is not generally how a horse evades the bit when bolting.
Feeding habits.
The term "bolting" may also refer to a horse that eats its feed too quickly, particularly grain or other concentrated feed. This is undesirable as it can, in some cases, lead to choking or colic. Proper equine nutrition may reduce bolting of feed. Methods to prevent bolting feed involve adding objects such as hay cubes, chopped straw ("chaff") or medium-sized rocks to a feed container to slow the horse's eating.

</doc>
<doc id="18521779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521779" title="Frank Calloway">
Frank Calloway

Frank Calloway (born July 2, 1915) is a self-taught artist from the United States. Diagnosed with schizophrenia in 1952, he was committed to Bryce Hospital and the Alabama Department of Mental Health in Tuscaloosa. As of 2011, he lives in the Alice M. Kidd Nursing Facility in Tuscaloosa. His imagery is primarily agrarian, depicting the Old South as he remembers it. He draws on butcher paper using crayons, pen and markers. The scrolls are either 24 or 36 inches high and Calloway makes them anywhere from 8 to over 60 feet in length.
While he claimed to be 112 years of age in 2008, research by gerontology experts deduced that he was actually born in 1915.
Work.
While Calloway had always done some drawing, his prolific output as an artist dates from the time he took an art class in the 1980s. Some of his drawings, most of which portray the rural Southern United States of his youth, were part of an autumn 2008 exhibit at the American Visionary Art Museum in Baltimore, Maryland.
Select Solo Exhibitions.
2011"Frank Calloway", Andrew Edlin Gallery, New York
2009"Frank Calloway: Pageants from the Old South", Andrew Edlin Gallery, New York
2006Kentuck Museum, Northport, AL
Select Group Exhibitions.
2009"In Through the Out Door", Andrew Edlin Gallery, New York
2008-09"Marriage of Science, Art and Philosophy", the American Visionary Art Museum, Baltimore, MD
2006"Consumer Art Exhibition", Montgomery Museum of Fine Arts, Montgomery, AL

</doc>
<doc id="18521786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521786" title="Albuquerque (disambiguation)">
Albuquerque (disambiguation)

Albuquerque may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18521791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521791" title="Love Chronicles (film)">
Love Chronicles (film)

Love Chronicles is a 2003 romantic comedy, written and directed by Tyler Maddox-Simms. The film stars Clifton Powell, LisaRaye McCoy, Robin Givens, and Terrence Howard.
Plot.
A pair of talk show hosts team with a relationship-guide author to help listeners improve their relationships. Eventually, the trio unwittingly expose their own love-related baggage. Starring Terrence Howard and Robin Givens, Love Chronicles screened at the American Black Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18521817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521817" title="Hong Kong University Graduate Association College">
Hong Kong University Graduate Association College

Hong Kong University Graduates Association College is a secondary school in Nam Fong Road 9, Wong Chuk Hung, Hong Kong. Founded in 2006 by the Hong Kong University Graduates Association. The Hong Kong University Graduates Association Education Foundation is a registered non-profit-making organization founded by members of the Hong Kong University Graduates Association, alumni of The University of Hong Kong (HKU), and other members of society. The Foundation consists of nearly 200 members and is managed by an elected Executive Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="18521821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521821" title="Laboratoire de mécanique de Lille">
Laboratoire de mécanique de Lille

The Laboratoire de mécanique de Lille (LML) is a French research laboratory (UMR CNRS 8107) located on the campus of the Université Lille Nord de France.
It supports academic activities in the following institutes of the university :
It supports doctoral researches and hosts PhD doctoral candidates in relationship with the European Doctoral College Lille Nord-Pas de Calais.
Research area.
With more than two hundreds researchers, LML focuses on the following research area :

</doc>
<doc id="18521834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521834" title="Haiku in English">
Haiku in English

A Haiku in English is a short poem which uses imagistic language to convey the essence of an experience of nature or the season intuitively linked to the human condition. It is a development of the Japanese haiku poetic form in the English language.
Some of the more common practices in English include:
English haiku do not adhere to the strict syllable count found in Japanese haiku, and the typical length of haiku appearing in the main English-language journals is 10–14 syllables. Some haiku poets are concerned with their haiku being expressed in one breath and the extent to which their haiku focus on "showing" as opposed to "telling", i.e., describing rather than explaining. Haiku uses an economy of words to paint a multi-tiered painting, without "telling all". As Matsuo Bashō put it, "The haiku that reveals seventy to eighty percent of its subject is good. Those that reveal fifty to sixty percent, we never tire of."
Haiku movement in North America.
History.
During the Imagist period, a big number of mainstream poets, including Ezra Pound, wrote what they called "hokku", usually in a five-six-four syllable pattern. Amy Lowell published several "hokku" in her book "What's O'Clock" (1925; winner of the Pulitzer Prize). Individualistic haiku-like verses by the innovative Buddhist poet and artist Paul Reps (1895–1990) appeared in print as early as 1939 ("More Power to You—Poems everyone Can Make", Preview Publications, Montrose CA.). Inspired by R. H. Blyth's translations, other westerners including those of the Beat period, such as Jack Kerouac and Richard Wright, attempted original haiku in English.
The African-American novelist Richard Wright, in his final years, composed some 4,000 haiku, 817 of which are collected in the volume "Haiku: This Other World". Wright hewed to a 5-7-5 syllabic structure for most of these verses.
An early anthology of American haiku, "Borrowed Water" (Tuttle: 1966) of work by the Los Altos, California Roundtable was compiled by Helen Stiles Chenoweth. The experimental work of Beat and minority haiku poets expanded the popularity of haiku in English. Despite claims that haiku has not had much impact on the literary scene, a number of mainstream poets, such as W. H. Auden, Richard Wilbur, James Merrill, Etheridge Knight, William Stafford, W. S. Merwin, John Ashbery, Donald Hall, Ruth Stone, Sonia Sanchez, Billy Collins, (as well as Seamus Heaney, Wendy Cope, and Paul Muldoon in Ireland and Britain) and others have tried their hand at haiku. Haiku has also proven very popular as a way of introducing students to poetry in elementary schools and as a hobby for numerous amateur writers.
In 1963 the journal "American Haiku" was founded in Platteville, Wisconsin, edited by the European-Americans James Bull and Donald Eulert. Among contributors to the first issue were poets James W. Hackett, O Mabson Southard (1911–2000), and Nick Virgilio. In the second issue of "American Haiku" Virgilio published his "lily" and "bass" haiku, which became models of brevity, breaking down the traditional 5-7-5 syllabic form, and pointing toward the leaner conception of haiku that would take hold in subsequent decades.
"American Haiku" ended publication in 1968 and was succeeded by "Modern Haiku" in 1969, which remains an important English-language haiku journal. Other early journals included "Haiku Highlights" (founded 1965 by European-American writer Jean Calkins and later taken over by the European-American writer Lorraine Ellis Harr who changed the name to "Dragonfly"), Eric Amann's "Haiku" (founded 1967), and "Haiku West" (founded 1967).
The first English-language haiku society in America, founded in 1956, was the Writers' Roundtable of Los Altos, California, under the direction of Helen Stiles Chenoweth. The Haiku Society of America was founded in 1968 and began publishing its journal "Frogpond" in 1978. Important resources for poets and scholars attempting to understand English-language haiku aesthetics and history include William J. Higginson's "Haiku Handbook" (McGraw-Hill, 1985) and Lee Gurga's "Haiku: A Poet's Guide" (Modern Haiku Press, 2003).
Significant contributors to American haiku include Hackett, Virgilio, Charles B. Dickson (1915–1991), Elizabeth Searle Lamb (1917–2005), Raymond Roseliep (1917–1983), Robert Spiess (1921–2002), John Wills (1921–1993), Anita Virgil (b. 1931), and Peggy Willis Lyles (1939–2010).
Other figures still active in the American haiku community include Jane Reichhold, Marlene Mountain, Ruth Yarrow, George Swede, Vincent Tripi, Alexis Rotella, Christopher Herold, John Stevenson, Lee Gurga, Gary Hotham, Michael McClintock, Alan Pizzarelli, Jim Kacian, and Michael Dylan Welch. Examples:
Pioneering haiku poet Cor van den Heuvel has edited the standard "Haiku Anthology" (1st ed., 1974; 2nd ed., 1986; 3rd ed. 1999). Since its most recent edition, another generation of American haiku poets has come to prominence. Among the most widely published and honored of these poets are Fay Aoyagi, Roberta Beary, Connie Donleycott, Carolyn Hall, paul m., Scott Metz, Chad Lee Robinson, Billie Wilson, and Peter Yovu. Newer poets exemplify divergent tendencies, from self-effacing nature-oriented haiku (Allan Burns) to Zen themes perpetuating the concepts of Blyth and Hackett (Stanford M. Forrester) to poignant haiku-senryū hybrids in the manner of Rotella and Swede (Roberta Beary) to the use of subjective, surreal, and mythic elements (Fay Aoyagi) to emergent social and political consciousness (John J. Dunphy) to genre-bending structural and linguistic experimentation and "found haiku" (Scott Metz).
The American Haiku Archives, the largest public archive of haiku-related material outside Japan, was founded in 1996. It is housed at the California State Library in Sacramento, California, and includes the official archives of the Haiku Society of America, along with significant donations from the libraries of Elizabeth Searle Lamb, co-founder Jerry Kilbride, Jane Reichhold, Lorraine Ellis Harr, Francine Porad, and many others.
Publications in North America.
The leading English-language haiku magazines published in the USA include "Modern Haiku", "Frogpond" (published by the Haiku Society of America), "Mayfly" (founded by Randy and Shirley Brooks in 1986), "Acorn" (founded by A. C. Missias in 1998), "bottle rockets" (founded by Stanford M. Forrester), "The Heron's Nest" (founded by Christopher Herold in 1999, published online with a print annual); "Brussels Sprout" (edited from 1988 to 1995 by Francine Porad), "Woodnotes" (edited from 1989 to 1997 by Michael Dylan Welch), Hal Roth's "Wind Chimes", "Wisteria", "moonset" (edited from 2005 to 2009 by an'ya (Andja Petrović)), and "tinywords" (founded by Dylan F. Tweney in 2001).
Publications in other English-speaking countries.
John Barlow's Snapshot Press is a notable UK-based publisher. In the UK, the British Haiku Society publishes "Blithe Spirit", and the World Haiku Club publishes "The World Haiku Review". Another leading haiku magazine in the UK is "Presence" (formerly "Haiku Presence") edited by Martin Lucas. In Ireland, twenty issues of "Haiku Spirit" edited by Jim Norton were published between 1995 and 2000. "Shamrock", the online journal of the Irish Haiku Society edited by Anatoly Kudryavitsky, currently publishes thematic issues on the haiku movements in various countries, as well as international haiku. In Australia, twenty issues of "Yellow Moon", a literary magazine for writers of haiku and other verse, were published between 1997 and 2006 (issues 1-8 were edited by Patricia Kelsall; issues 9-20 by Beverley George). Nowadays "Paper Wasp" is published in Australia, while "Kokako" is published in New Zealand.
Variant forms.
Although the vast majority of haiku published in English appear in three lines, a number of variants can be seen.
One line.
The most common variation from the three-line standard is one line. It emerged from being more than an occasional exception during the late 1970s. The one-liner was lent legitimacy by three people:
The single-line haiku usually contains much fewer than seventeen syllables. A caesura (pause) may be appropriate, dictated by sense or speech rhythm, and usually little or no punctuation. It has been practiced by Marlene Mountain, John Wills, and Matsuo Allard, and has been used more recently by poets such as M. Kettner, Janice Bostok, Jim Kacian, Chris Gordon, Scott Metz, Dennis M. Garrison, Charles Trumbull, Stuart Quine, and many others.
Mountain (formerly Wills) also writes collaborative one-line linked haiku and sequences.
One word.
At its most minimal, haiku may occasionally consist of a single word:
Four or more lines.
Haiku of four lines (sometimes known as "haiqua") or longer have been written, some of them "vertical haiku" with only a word or two per line. These poems mimic the vertical printed form of Japanese haiku.
The highly prolific poet John Martone (b. 1952) specializes in vertical haiku along the lines of the examples above.
Circle.
Haiku have also appeared in circular form (sometimes known as "cirku") whereby the poem has no fixed start or end point.
Fixed form.
In the "zip" form developed by John Carley, a haiku of 15 syllables is presented over two lines, each of which contains one internal caesura represented by a double space.
A fixed-form 5-3-5 syllable (or 3-5-3 word) haiku is sometimes known as a "lune".

</doc>
<doc id="18521875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521875" title="Proton-to-electron mass ratio">
Proton-to-electron mass ratio

In physics, the proton-to-electron mass ratio, μ or β, is simply the rest mass of the proton divided by that of the electron. Because this is a ratio of like-dimensioned physical quantity, it is a dimensionless quantity, a function of the dimensionless physical constants, and has numerical value independent of the system of units, namely:
The number enclosed in parentheses is the measurement uncertainty on the last two digits. The value of μ is known to about 0.4 parts per billion.
Discussion.
μ is a fundamental physical constant because:
Does "μ" vary over time?
Astrophysicists have tried to find evidence that "μ" has changed over the history of the universe. (The same question has also been asked of the fine structure constant.) One interesting cause of such change would be change over time in the strength of the strong force.
Astronomical searches for time-varying "μ" have typically examined the Lyman series and Werner transitions of molecular hydrogen which, given a sufficiently large redshift, occur in the optical region and so can be observed with ground-based spectrographs.
If "μ" were to change, then the change in the wavelength "λi" of each rest frame wavelength can be parameterised as:
where Δ"μ"/"μ" is the proportional change in "μ" and "Ki" is a constant which must be calculated within a theoretical (or semi-empirical) framework. 
Reinhold et al. (2006) reported a potential 4 standard deviation variation in "μ" by analysing the molecular hydrogen absorption spectra of quasars Q0405-443 and Q0347-373. They found that Δ"μ"/"μ" = (2.4 ± 0.6). King et al. (2008) reanalysed the spectral data of Reinhold et al. and collected new data on another quasar, Q0528-250. They estimated that Δ"μ"/"μ" = (2.6 ± 3.0), different from the estimates of Reinhold et al. (2006).
Murphy et al. (2008) used the inversion transition of ammonia to conclude that |Δ"μ"/"μ"| < 1.8 at redshift "z" = 0.68. 
Bagdonaite et al. (2013) used methanol transitions in the spiral lens galaxy PKS 1830-211 to find (∆μ/μ) = (0.0 ± 1.0) × 10-7 at z = 0.89, a stringent limit at this redshift.
Note that any comparison between values of Δ"μ"/"μ" at substantially different redshifts will need a particular model to govern the evolution of Δ"μ"/"μ". That is, results consistent with zero change at lower redshifts do not rule out significant change at higher redshifts.

</doc>
<doc id="18521879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521879" title="Nelson Provincial Museum">
Nelson Provincial Museum

The Nelson Provincial Museum, "Pupuri Taonga O Te Tai Ao" (in Māori) is a regional museum in the city of Nelson, New Zealand. The museum showcases the Nelson region's history, from geological origins to the stories of individuals and families.
This museum holds over 1.4 million items of interest, collected during the past 160 years. Exhibitions are shown in a modern building that opened in 2005, costing NZ$5 million, funded by the community, private and public benefactors, the Nelson City Council, Tasman District Council and central government. The collections, professional staff and public research services are housed in the former museum building, which is located in Isel Park, Stoke. 
Information on location, admission and opening hours can be found here
History.
The Literary and Scientific Institution of Nelson, was founded May 1841 in the Bay of Biscay amongst the officers of the preliminary Expedition of the Second Colony, on board the New Zealand Company's ships Whitby and Will-Watch.
Prior to the expedition reaching Tenerife, a sum of money was subscribed amongst the officers. It was transmitted back to England with directions for the selection of a number of books "of a useful character", which would form the basis of the library of the Institution.
While a large number of books were acquired, subscribed to and collected by friends and associates of the Colony and Colonialists, the Committee noted that "they would be glad to receive maps, charts manuscripts, drawings, paintings, engravings, sculptures, casts, models of inventions and objects of natural history generally. These will be placed in the Museum of the Institution, and a record will be kept of the names of the donors."
In late 1842 The Literary and Scientific Institution of Nelson (the Institute) opened on Trafalgar Street, firstly as a Library (with attached Museum storehouse) and subsequently incorporating the Museum, with a membership of sixty by 1844. 
By 1861 the Institute had outgrown its Trafalgar Street premises and relocated to a wooden building in Hardy Street. Fire broke out in 1906. While most of the collection was rescued, it was resolved to rebuild as a brick building, which opened in 1912. Until 1963, the Museum was located on the second level of the Institute, with the Nelson Library located on the first level. 
Independence grew throughout the 1960s with the relocation of the Museum firstly to the former home of the Marsden family - Isel House, and subsequently to a concrete block construction, designed by Alex Bowman, which opened in 1973.
In 1983 a Maori History Gallery was opened; the teaching space was modified in 1984 and in 1985/1986 a new workshop, storeroom and darkroom was completed.
The Nelson Institute, Nelson Public Library and Nelson Provincial Museum are the contemporary successors of The Literary and Scientific Institution of Nelson.
The museum has been managed since 1965 by a myriad of committees representing the financial interests of a number of councils within the region. During 2000, Tasman Bays Heritage Trust was formed by Tasman District and Nelson City Councils, in partnership with the Iwi Trust Authorities of Te Tau Ihu as a move away from the traditional council administration system into an independent Trust Board, supported by both Nelson City Council and Tasman District Council. The new body was constituted as Tasman Bays Heritage Trust.
In 2001 Tasman Bays Heritage Trust acquired a site on the corner of Hardy and Trafalgar Streets, Nelson, which formed part of the original Town Acre 445 block. In 2002 the Trust appointed Andrew Irving, of Ian Jack Architects (now Irving, Smith, Jack Architects)as project architect. In 2004 the tender for the project was awarded to Wilkes Construction, of Nelson, a fifth generation family construction firm. In 2005, after significant local,and national support, the redeveloped museum was opened on the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Trafalgar. 
The 1973 site in Isel Park continues to operate as a research facility for the museum.
Collection.
Collections include:
Director.
Curator
Director
Museum Manager
Chief Executive
Notable Staff.
The following people have held key senior staff roles

</doc>
<doc id="18521904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521904" title="Legends of Russian Rock">
Legends of Russian Rock

Legends of Russian Rock () is an anthology of Russian rock published by Konstantin Preobrazhenski and Vasily Gavrilov of Moroz Records in 1996 as a six-disk collection, later augmented by further albums.
The series is a retrospective of the most important Russian rock bands, with multi-page booklets and musicians' biographies.
In the 2000s, the series was re-released as MP3 disks.
vol 1:
vol 2:
vol 3:
vol 4:
vol 5:
vol 6:
vol 7:
vol 8:
vol 9:
vol. 10 

</doc>
<doc id="18521915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521915" title="Ligaya Tiamson-Rubin">
Ligaya Tiamson-Rubin

Ligaya G. Tiamson-Rubin (popularly known as 'Mam Gaying'), is a multiple Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards for Literature recipient, and currently a professor of the University of the Philippines Diliman. Today, she is teaching Filipino 25, "Mga Ideya at Estilo" (Ideas and Styles) under the Department of Filipino and Philippine Literature at the College of Arts and Letters, University of the Philippines Diliman in Diliman, Quezon City.
Early life.
Rubin was born in Angono, Rizal. She finished her Bachelor of Arts degree in Filipino at the University of the Philippines Diliman on 1966 and her Master of Arts in Teaching in 1971. She also held her Doctor of Philosophy degree at the same university, and taught Malikhaing Pagsulat (Creative Writing), Wika at Panitikan (Language and Literature) and Kulturang-bayan (Popular Culture).The year 2008 proved to be not just a celebration of the University’s history, but also its brilliance as 41 faculty and alumni are feted in three of the country’s most prominent awards.
The train started on July 25 when the National Commission for Culture and the Arts (NCCA) announced the winners for its biennial NCCA Writers Prize at the lobby of the NCCA building in Manila.
Four of the five NCCA awardees were College of Arts and Letters (CAL) faculty members Elyrah Loyola Salanga who won in the literary biography category and Prof. Rosario Cruz-Lucero (short story in English). The other winners were alumnus Edgardo B. Maranan (essay in English) and former UP National Writers Workshop (NWW) fellow Kristian S. Cordero (poetry in Bicolano).
The Gawad Alagad ni Balagtas also honored more than a few UP alumni and affiliates.
The award, which recognizes the contributions of Filipino writers, were given at UMPIL’s (Unyon ng mga Manunulat sa Pilipinas) 34th National Congress on August 30 at the Government Securities and Insurance System Museum of the Cultural Center of the Philippines in Manila.
Prof. Ligaya Tiamson Rubin of the Departamento ng Filipino at Panitikan ng Pilipinas (DFPP) received the Gawad Paz Marquez Benitez award, which is given to outstanding educators in the field of literature and communication. Rubin was cited for her “dynamic, intense and penetrating approach to the teaching of language and Filipino literature.”
Among the recipients of the Gawad Pambansang Alagad were Prof. Ruperta VR. Asuncion (UP Los Baños), Prof. Delfin Tolentino (UP Baguio Cordillera Studies Center director) and alumnus Edgardo B. Maranan.
Asunción was recognized for her contributions to Ilocano literature and Tolentino for his “wide-ranging and intense examinations of Filipino art and culture,” in his essays in English. Maranan was commended for his versatility in poetry in English and Filipino.
The University’s presence was also heavily felt at the annual Philippines Free Press Literary Awards, held on August 26 at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel during its centennial celebration.
CAL faculty member Celeste Flores Coscolluela and workshop fellow Mads Bajarias placed second and third in the short story category. Former fellows Larry Ypil and former CAL lecturer Lakambini Sitoy also took the same places in the essay category.
Meanwhile, all the awards in the poetry category went to former fellows of the UP NWW: Cesar Ruiz Aquino, Marjorie Evasco and Lourd de Veyra in first, second and third place, respectively.
The same thing happened in the 58th Palanca Awards for Literature, with UP taking the lion’s share of awards.
Institute of Creative Writing (ICW) Deputy Director Prof. José Claudio B. Guerrero, CAL alumna Katrina Stuart Santiago and workshop fellow Jhoanna Lynn B. Cruz dominated in the essay in English category.
In the poetry in English category, UP writers Francis C. Macansantos, Ana María Katigbak and Marie La Viña won the first, second, and third place, respectively.
2008 UP workshop co-fellows Ian Rosales Casocot and Tara FT Sering placed first and second in the short story category in English while UP alumnae Nadine L. Sarreal claimed third place. Meanwhile, Law student Jing Panganiban-Mendoza, Michael M. Coroza and CAL faculty member Prof. Eugene Y. Evasco won in the essay in Filipino category.
Workshop fellows Miguel Syjuco and Norman Wilwayco took home the grand prize for the novel in English and Filipino, respectively. It was Wilwayco’s fourth Palanca and his second for the novel in Filipino category. He took home the grand prize in 2002.
Former ICW associates Prof. Leoncio P. Deriada and Prof. Aurelio S. Agcaoili won the first prize in the short story in Hiligaynon and third place short story in Iluko categories, respectively.
Other UP alumni, workshop fellows and faculty members who took home prizes were: Lemuel E. Garcellano 2nd and Rommel B. Rodriguez 3rd, in the short story in Filipino category; April Jade B. Imson 2nd and Allan Alberto N. Derain 3rd, in the short story for children in Filipino category; Niles Jordan Breis "3rd, poetry in Filipino"; Allan B. López (3rd, one-act play in Filipino); Dennis M. Marasigan (2nd, screenplay, 2nd); Lilia T. Tio "3rd, short story in Cebuano"; Ariel S. Tabag "3rd, short story in Iluko"; and Joachim Emilio B. Antonio "3rd, one-act play in English category".

</doc>
<doc id="18521920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521920" title="Los Angeles (disambiguation)">
Los Angeles (disambiguation)

Los Angeles is the most populous city in the state of California, and the second most populous in the United States.
Los Angeles may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18521939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521939" title="Palaeopascichnus">
Palaeopascichnus

Palaeopascichnus is a genus of Ediacaran organism comprising a series of lobes; it is plausibly a protozoan, but probably unrelated to the classical 'Ediacaran biota'.

</doc>
<doc id="18521941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521941" title="Masonic Widows and Orphans Home">
Masonic Widows and Orphans Home

The Masonic Widows and Orphans Home, located in Louisville (St. Matthews), Kentucky, is a historic building on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built by the Grand Lodge of Kentucky to support the widows and orphans of Master Masons, but now is open to all senior citizens.
History.
The Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home was formed in 1867 due to a discussion on November 23, 1866 pondering what to do with the number of widows and orphans of Masons caused by the American Civil War; the 1867 founding makes Kentucky's Masonic Widows and Orphans Home the oldest Masonic home in North America. It started when a group of Louisville Freemasons on November 23, 1866 gathered with an intention of creating such a home. The Kentucky General Assembly chartered the organization in January 1867. The initial starting funds for starting the home was $30,000, with additional funds totaling $20,000 and $12,000 separately. The cornerstone of the original home, located north of Avery Street between First and Second Street in what was previously a cornfield, was laid in 1869, with the first resident admitted on April 7, 1871. The building was completed in 1873. A tornado on June 2, 1875, damaged the roof and center walls of the original building, but no one was injured.
World War I and the Spanish influenza outbreak during and immediately after the war caused overcrowding. Thus, the decision was made to construct a larger orphan's home than the original in Louisville, to the present-day location in Louisville/St. Matthews on Frankfort Avenue, at the cost of $94,100,000. Construction began in 1925 on the location, and the residents moved to it on August 15, 1927. Louisville daily newspaper "The Courier-Journal" called it "Little City Beautiful". The largest concentration of orphans at the home was 632 in 1930. The last orphan left in 1989, resulting in the home being solely for senior care.
Modern era.
Most of the buildings established at the campus are still in existence. The Grand Lodge of Kentucky has its offices at the location. Until the orphans were eventually taught in public schools, originally their education was on the campus, with a cannery, farm operation, print shop, sewing room, and shoe shop there to teach the orphans a trade to support themselves in their adulthood. The St. Johns Day League Infirmary took care of sick residents. Once Kentucky state laws forbid using crops grown on the farm to feed the residents, the farm operations were sold off in 1988. The Home now accepts residents who are not related to Masons. In 2009 construction began on the property for the Kosair Charities Pediatric Day Care Center. The center opened in 2010 as Sproutlings Pediatric Day Care & Preschool.
There was another Masonic orphanage in Louisville area, established across the Ohio River in Port Fulton, Indiana (now part of Jeffersonville), on the grounds of the former Jefferson General Hospital. It also ran out of orphans around the year 1990, and the grounds were used to construct a newer Masonic temple for the local lodges and Order of the Eastern Star chapters.

</doc>
<doc id="18521942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521942" title="Brzozowiec">
Brzozowiec

Brzozowiec may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18521943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521943" title="Brzozowiec, Lublin Voivodeship">
Brzozowiec, Lublin Voivodeship

Brzozowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521946" title="Dubienka">
Dubienka

Dubienka (, "Dubenka") is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine on the Bug River. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dubienka. It lies approximately east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 1,042.
In 1792, a battle between Polish and Russian armies took place near nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="18521948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521948" title="Holendry">
Holendry

Holendry may refer to the following places:
It may also refer to a village organized under a particular form of law. See Olędrzy

</doc>
<doc id="18521950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521950" title="Holendry, Lublin Voivodeship">
Holendry, Lublin Voivodeship

Holendry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521951" title="Janostrów">
Janostrów

Janostrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521954" title="Jasienica, Lublin Voivodeship">
Jasienica, Lublin Voivodeship

Jasienica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521958" title="Józefów, Chełm County">
Józefów, Chełm County

Józefów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521960" title="Kajetanówka, Chełm County">
Kajetanówka, Chełm County

Kajetanówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521962" title="Krynica, Chełm County">
Krynica, Chełm County

Krynica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521966" title="Lipniki, Lublin Voivodeship">
Lipniki, Lublin Voivodeship

Lipniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Dubienka, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521967" title="Politics of Abruzzo">
Politics of Abruzzo

The Politics of Abruzzo, Italy takes place in a framework of a presidential representative democracy, whereby the President of Regional Government is the head of government, and of a pluriform multi-party system. Executive power is exercised by the Regional Government. Legislative power is vested in both the government and the Regional Council.
Executive.
The Regional Government ("Giunta Regionale") is presided by the President of the Region ("Presidente della Regione"), who is elected for a five-year term, and is composed by the President and the Ministers ("Assessori"), who are currently 10, including a Vice President.
Legislative branch.
The Regional Council of Abruzzo ("Consiglio Regionale dell'Abruzzo") is composed of 40 members. 32 councillors are elected in provincial constituencies by proportional representation using the largest remainder method with a Droop quota and open lists, while 8 councillors (elected in bloc) come from a "regional list", including the President-elect. One seat is reserved for the candidate who comes second. If a coalition wins more than 50% of the total seats in the Council with PR, only 4 candidates from the regional list will be chosen and the number of those elected in provincial constituencies will be 36. If the winning coalition receives less than 40% of votes, special seats are added to the Council to ensure a large majority for the President's coalition.
The Council is elected for a five-year term, but, if the President suffers a vote of no confidence, resigns or dies, under the "simul stabunt, simul cadent" prevision introduced in 1999 (literally "they will stand together or they will fall together"), also the Council is dissolved and a snap election is called.
Elections.
Last regional election.
In the last regional election, which took place on 14–15 December 2008, Gianni Chiodi (The People of Freedom) was elected President, defeating Carlo Costantini (Italy of Values, supported also by the Democratic Party and several left-wing small parties).

</doc>
<doc id="18521969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521969" title="Lithgow Zig Zag">
Lithgow Zig Zag

The Lithgow Zig Zag was a zig zag railway built near Lithgow on the Great Western Railway of New South Wales in Australia which operated between 1870 and 1910, to overcome an otherwise insurmountable climb up the western side of the Blue Mountains. The Lithgow Zig Zag is listed on the NSW State Heritage Register.
It is now used by the Zig Zag Railway, a narrow gauge tourist railway.
Construction.
The original plan by the Engineer-in-Charge of New South Wales Government Railways, John Whitton, had been to build a tunnel. However, this was beyond the resources of the Colonial Government at the time. The zig zag alternative still required several short tunnels and some viaducts.
On the eastern side of the range, the Lapstone Zig Zag, also designed under the supervision of John Whitton, opened near Glenbrook in 1867. The Lapstone Zig Zag ascended Lapstone Hill on a gradient of 1:30 to 1:33 (~ 3 - 3.3%), which contoured up the side of the range with comparatively light earthworks.
By contrast, the Lithgow Zig Zag railway, built between 1866 and 1869, required much heavier engineering, including four large rock cuttings, three fine stone viaducts with semi-circular arches (originally four were planned, but one was built as an embankment instead) and a short tunnel (three tunnels were planned, but two were daylighted during construction due to leaks, becoming two of the four cuttings mentioned above). In the descent of the middle road, the line dropped between the reversing points, being part of the descent from Clarence. The whole route had a ruling grade of 1:42 (~2.38%).
Commercial operation and closure.
On 19 October 1869 the first official train ran across the Lithgow Zig Zag to Bowenfels railway station, completing the route over the Blue Mountains. This event was heralded worldwide as an engineering marvel resulting in many organised sight-seeing parties from overseas to view it. According to NSW Planning Department documents, in international references, John Whitton is recognised as one of approximately twenty of the greatest railway civil engineers in the first century of world railway construction. The achievement of his crossings of the Great Divide was superlative at the time and in terms of British railway civil engineering was only exceeded by the difficult crossing of the Indian Ghats.
The Lithgow Zig Zag operated between 1870 and 1910. By then it had become an increasingly inefficient bottleneck owing to the growing traffic on the line between Lithgow and Sydney. The Top Points were also too short. In 1901 a goods engine burst through the buffer stops located at the top 'wing' and almost fell into the valley below. To alleviate the congestion until a new deviation opened the 'top' and 'bottom' wings were improved. The 'top' wing was abandoned and a new line constructed which involved a sharp curve, heavy rock excavations and earth filings to a depth of . The 'bottom' wing was lengthened without any re-location. However, accidents still continued to occur, as was seen on December 8, 1908 when a Sydney bound goods train stalled just beyond Clarence Tunnel. The train was divided into two but the bottom portion accidentally became a runaway and eventually crashed into the rock cutting of Top Points.
In 1908, the top points dead end was extended for longer trains, only to be replaced in 1910. 
In 1908, work began on the Ten-Tunnels Deviation, a double tracked route with a ruling grade of 1:42 as far as the start of the ten tunnels and 1 in 90 through the ten tunnels. The Lithgow Zig Zag was eventually abandoned in 1910, replaced by the Ten-Tunnels Deviation which is still in heavy use as the Main West line to the central-west of NSW and ultimately the trans-Australia line between Sydney and Perth.
There were plans to replace the section of 1 in 42 from Lithgow to Bottom points with a second horseshoe curve-like longer deviation, or with a spiral, but as this section in the open air could be operated with bank engines, this second stage deviation was never carried out. 
Use following commercial operation.
During World War II, the Clarence Tunnel on the Lithgow Zig Zag (along with other tunnels on various lines) were used to store chemical weapons for the Royal Australian Air Force. Principally mustard gas and phosgene the chemical agents were housed in a variety of weapons from bombs to cylinders. The cache was disposed of after the war.
Preservation.
In 1972 a cooperative formed to commerce restoration of rolling stock. In 1975 the line re-opened as a tourist attraction, operating between Clarence and the Bottom Points.

</doc>
<doc id="18521971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521971" title="Mateuszowo">
Mateuszowo

Mateuszowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Dubienka, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521972" title="Nowokajetanówka">
Nowokajetanówka

Nowokajetanówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521974" title="Radziejów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Radziejów, Lublin Voivodeship

Radziejów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521977" title="Rogatka">
Rogatka

Rogtaka may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18521979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521979" title="Rogatka, Lublin Voivodeship">
Rogatka, Lublin Voivodeship

Rogatka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521981" title="Siedliszcze">
Siedliszcze

Siedliszcze may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18521982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521982" title="The Samurai (novel)">
The Samurai (novel)

The Samurai is a novel by Japanese author Shusaku Endo first published in 1980. It tells a fictionalized story of a 17th Century diplomatic mission to Nueva España by Japanese noblemen, and the cultural clash that ensues. The main character is Hasekura Rokuemon.

</doc>
<doc id="18521984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521984" title="Siedliszcze, Gmina Dubienka">
Siedliszcze, Gmina Dubienka

Siedliszcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 360.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521986" title="Skryhiczyn">
Skryhiczyn

Skryhiczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521990" title="Bolting">
Bolting

Bolting may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18521991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521991" title="Stanisławówka, Lublin Voivodeship">
Stanisławówka, Lublin Voivodeship

Stanisławówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521995" title="Starosiele">
Starosiele

Starosiele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521998" title="Tuchanie">
Tuchanie

Tuchanie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18521999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18521999" title="Uchańka">
Uchańka

Uchańka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Dubienka, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522003" title="Zagórnik, Lublin Voivodeship">
Zagórnik, Lublin Voivodeship

Zagórnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522007" title="Spirorhaphe">
Spirorhaphe

Spirorhaphe (sometimes misspelt Spiroraphe) is an ichnogenus of spiraling burrows.

</doc>
<doc id="18522012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522012" title="Andrzejów">
Andrzejów

Andrzejów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522015" title="Andrzejów, Chełm County">
Andrzejów, Chełm County

Andrzejów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Kamień, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522016" title="Czerniejów">
Czerniejów

Czerniejów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522020" title="Czerniejów, Chełm County">
Czerniejów, Chełm County

Czerniejów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Kamień, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522021" title="Haliczany">
Haliczany

Haliczany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kamień, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522025" title="Ignatów">
Ignatów

Ignatów may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18522028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522028" title="Ignatów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Ignatów, Lublin Voivodeship

Ignatów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Kamień, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522029" title="Ignatów-Kolonia">
Ignatów-Kolonia

Ignatów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522032" title="Józefin, Gmina Kamień">
Józefin, Gmina Kamień

Józefin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522037" title="Kamień, Chełm County">
Kamień, Chełm County

Kamień is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kamień. It lies approximately south-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 870.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522044" title="Kamień-Kolonia, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kamień-Kolonia, Lublin Voivodeship

Kamień-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522047" title="Koczów">
Koczów

Koczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kamień, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522048" title="Majdan Pławanicki">
Majdan Pławanicki

Majdan Pławanicki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522050" title="Mołodutyn">
Mołodutyn

Mołodutyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kamień, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522051" title="Natalin">
Natalin

Natalin may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522053" title="Natalin, Chełm County">
Natalin, Chełm County

Natalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kamień, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522054" title="Serikin">
Serikin

Serikin is a small Dayak Bidayuh village in Kuching Division, Sarawak, Malaysia. The town is located about 15 km from Bau town and 80 km from Kuching city. Kampung Jagoi Serikin is famous for her week-end market to local tourists from Malaya and Sarawak. In the week-end market, you can find numerous items ranging from batik, handicrafts, fish, birds, turtle eggs, herbal products and jamu, electrical items, electronic items, male and female workers, jungle produce and exotic meat. You can enjoy services too, such as reflexology and traditional massage. For nature lovers, one can visit Ribuan Kangang (Kangang Waterfall), Ribuan Tuboh ( Tuboh Waterfall) and jungle trekking. For the lost or those who miss their buses and vans, taxi drivers and private cars normally meet at Serikin Malindo Cafe. From Serikin, one can peep into Indonesia by a bike-ride (called ojek) of 15 minutes via jalan gajah. People of Serikin, or BiRikin, originated from Kupuo' Jagoi Dorod. 
Other offshoots of Kupuo Jagoi Dorod are Jagoi Take', Jagoi Sijaro, Jagoi Kindow, Jagoi Babang, Jagoi Serabak, Jagoi Pinomu, Jagoi Duyoh, Jagoi Bogag, Jagoi Sirieng, Jagoi Serasot, Jagoi Sibobog, Jagoi Bu'ow, Jagoi Sikibang, Jagoi Stass, Jagoi Rasau, Jagoi Tugag, Jagoi Stungkul, Jagoi Bokah and Jagoi Silapit. Descendents of Kupuo Jagoi Dorod now cyber-meet at BiJagoi Facebook Group daily, discussing cultural issues. Many members of BiJagoi Facebook Group not only learn to discover themselves by knowing their culture and roots, but some also managed to locate lost relatives. Kupuo' Jagoi Serabak was actually a bisoon for folks of Kupuo' Jagoi Dorod. Kogo' was the man who farmed the area which was the site of Kupuo Jagoib Serabak. He farmed the area for 5 years continuously, increasing the area every year.
Because they were villagers from Kupuo' Jagoi Dorod, they were under the leadership of Taget Pa' Minod or Kabah as his bijumuk, as Kabah was also the 'urang baas' of Kupuo Jagoi Dorod. When the population of Kupuo Jagoi Serabak grew, Tapier Pa' Saen or Kisuong as his bijumuk, took over as 'urang baas' of Kupuo' Jagoi Serabak. Kisuong was then living in Kupuo Jagoi Serabak. During that time, there was no such post as Ketua Kampung, but merely 'ulang baas'. Ulang baas were normally elderly persons who were normally bomoh, Pak Nyigar, Pa' Tuta' or amongst those who had a lot of paddy. Angaw Gadeng was the first person to move to Kupuo' Jagoi Serikin, the place was then called 'Bikalan Sirikin'. He built his house by the river bank of Aang Serikin (Serikin River). Meanwhile he also did some tradings with the simukel who would carry pepper to Pejiru. These simukel would stop at Angaw's small shop to rest, and bath at Aaang Serikin. That place was then called Bikalan Serikin.
Not long later, Jiheng Mideh followed Angaw. He built his house not far from Angaw's house. Soon Jiheng's parents brought the whole family to Serikin. Bikalan Serikin gradually grew as more folks from Kupuo' Jagoi Serabak followed. Being the pioneer, Angaw Gadeng was recognised as the 'ulang baas' of Kupuo' Jagoi Serikin. By this time the influence of the colonial's administration was felt by the people. Angaw was formally recognised as Ketua Kampung by District Officer Yusuf Arbi in 1963, when Sarawak, together with Sabah and Malaya , formed Malaysia.
In 1965, Angaw passed the leadership to No'ew anak Urai, as Angaw wanted to concentrate on his business. No'ew Pa' Ahong served for six months only and later passed the leadership to Mideh anak Guniew Pa' Jiheng. He preferred to concentrate in his business too, as there was no honorarium for Ketua Kampung. Mideh anak Guniew served from 1966 to 1991. Mideh anak Guniew made lots of sacrifices. He had to spend time with the visiting government servants and guests from across the border. He had to feed them and provide free lodging for travellers who were unable to make it to either side of the border.
In 1991 Mideh anak Guniew surrendered the post. During an election, Jiheng anak Mideh won over Nyohew anak Masol, and became the new Ketua Kampung. In 1992, due to numerous complaints, the District Officer relinquished Jiheng of the post. An election was held again. It was also a one to one contest, that was between Jiheng anak Mideh and Nyohew anak Masol. Jiheng won again. Jiheng is the Ketua Kampung till today. His term will expire in 2014, as now the term of Ketua Kaum ( as the post is now called) is for four years.
Jiheng anak Mideh died on 17 April 2012, on the very bed of Bau District Hospital, where his father, Mideh anak Guniew, died.
28 June 2012 marked another history for the villagers of Kampung Jagoi Serikin. It was the day a new Ketua Kaum was elected.
Mecky anak Mosed, won more votes to John Oyopice Nasei and Robert Ahon Noew, to become the new Ketua Kaum.
Kupuo' Jagoi Serikin was blessed in 2013. Giomarc Adlim Mideh scored 5A in his UPSR test while Irene Maderina Marcus scored 7A in her PMR test.

</doc>
<doc id="18522055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522055" title="Pławanice">
Pławanice

Pławanice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Kamień, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522057" title="Pławanice-Kolonia">
Pławanice-Kolonia

Pławanice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522061" title="Rudolfin">
Rudolfin

Rudolfin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kamień, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522063" title="Strachosław">
Strachosław

Strachosław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kamień, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522065" title="Wolawce">
Wolawce

Wolawce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kamień, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522073" title="Alojzów">
Alojzów

Alojzów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522075" title="Alojzów, Chełm County">
Alojzów, Chełm County

Alojzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Leśniowice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522080" title="Dębina, Chełm County">
Dębina, Chełm County

Dębina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522081" title="Horodysko">
Horodysko

Horodysko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Chełm and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522088" title="Janówka, Chełm County">
Janówka, Chełm County

Janówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Chełm and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522091" title="Kasiłan">
Kasiłan

Kasiłan is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Leśniowice, south of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522094" title="Kumów Majoracki">
Kumów Majoracki

Kumów Majoracki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Leśniowice, south of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522096" title="Kumów Plebański">
Kumów Plebański

Kumów Plebański is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>
And likes Galen's and Kyle's nothing

</doc>
<doc id="18522099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522099" title="Leśniowice">
Leśniowice

Leśniowice is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Leśniowice. It lies approximately south of Chełm and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 358.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522100" title="Leśniowice-Kolonia">
Leśniowice-Kolonia

Leśniowice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522103" title="Majdan Leśniowski">
Majdan Leśniowski

Majdan Leśniowski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Leśniowice, south of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522105" title="Nowy Folwark, Lublin Voivodeship">
Nowy Folwark, Lublin Voivodeship

Nowy Folwark is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Leśniowice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522106" title="Plisków">
Plisków

Plisków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Leśniowice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
See also.
Plyskiv
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522108" title="Plisków-Kolonia">
Plisków-Kolonia

Plisków-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522110" title="Politówka">
Politówka

Politówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Leśniowice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522111" title="Poniatówka">
Poniatówka

Poniatówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Chełm and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522112" title="Rakołupy">
Rakołupy

Rakołupy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Chełm and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522115" title="Rakołupy Duże">
Rakołupy Duże

Rakołupy Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522116" title="Rakołupy Małe">
Rakołupy Małe

Rakołupy Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522123" title="Sarniak, Lublin Voivodeship">
Sarniak, Lublin Voivodeship

Sarniak is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Chełm and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522130" title="Sielec, Lublin Voivodeship">
Sielec, Lublin Voivodeship

Sielec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Leśniowice, south of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 660.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522134" title="Teresin, Gmina Leśniowice">
Teresin, Gmina Leśniowice

Teresin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522136" title="Wierzbica">
Wierzbica

Wierzbica may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522137" title="Wierzbica, Gmina Leśniowice">
Wierzbica, Gmina Leśniowice

Wierzbica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522139" title="Wygnańce">
Wygnańce

Wygnańce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Chełm and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522143" title="Ray Connolly">
Ray Connolly

Ray Connolly is an English novelist, screenwriter and journalist.
He is perhaps best known for writing the screenplays for the films "That'll Be the Day" and the sequel "Stardust", for which he won a Writers Guild of Great Britain best screenplay award, and for his many interviews with the Beatles. He was due to interview John Lennon on the day the ex-Beatle was murdered, an event he wrote about in the BBC radio play "Unimaginable". In addition to the biography "John Lennon 1940-1980", he wrote the introduction to "The Beatles Complete" songbook. 
Ray Connolly was born and brought up in Lancashire and educated at the London School of Economics where he read social anthropology. After entering journalism at the Liverpool Daily Post, he then moved to the London Evening Standard where he interviewed, among others, many Sixties and Seventies rock stars. Many of his interviews with the Beatles are collected in his eBook "The Ray Connolly Beatles Archive", while other interviews are collected in "Stardust Memories - Talking About My Generation", which is also now available as an eBook
He has written hundreds of articles for the "Daily Mail", as well as "The Sunday Times", "The Times", "The Daily Telegraph" and "The Observer". 
His novels include; "A Girl Who Came To Stay", "Newsdeath", "Sunday Morning", "Shadows On A Wall", "Love Out Of Season" (which was adapted for radio as "God Bless our Love") and "Kill For Love".
He also wrote and directed the feature length documentary entitled "", while his television drama series have included "Honky Tonk Heroes", "Lytton's Diary" and "Perfect Scoundrels." TV films include "Forever Young" and "Defrosting The Fridge", while he was a co-writer with Alan Benson on the George Martin series about music "The Rhythm of Life".
He has also written several radio plays, including "Lost Fortnight" (which is about Raymond Chandler in Hollywood), and a variety of short stories.
He is married, has three children, and lives with his wife, Plum, in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18522149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522149" title="San Francisco (disambiguation)">
San Francisco (disambiguation)

San Francisco is a combined city/county in the U.S. state of California.
San Francisco may also refer to:
Popular culture.
Film
Music

</doc>
<doc id="18522152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522152" title="Gołąb">
Gołąb

Gołąb (meaning "dove") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18522153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522153" title="Gołąb, Chełm County">
Gołąb, Chełm County

Gołąb is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Rejowiec Fabryczny, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522160" title="Józefin, Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny">
Józefin, Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny

Józefin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522162" title="Kanie-Stacja">
Kanie-Stacja

Kanie-Stacja is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Rejowiec Fabryczny, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522166" title="Krasne, Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny">
Krasne, Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny

Krasne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522167" title="Krzywowola">
Krzywowola

Krzywowola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Rejowiec Fabryczny, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522171" title="Leszczanka, Chełm County">
Leszczanka, Chełm County

Leszczanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Rejowiec Fabryczny, west of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522172" title="Liszno">
Liszno

Liszno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Rejowiec Fabryczny, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522174" title="Liszno-Kolonia">
Liszno-Kolonia

Liszno-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522175" title="Pawłów">
Pawłów

Pawłów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522176" title="Pawłów, Chełm County">
Pawłów, Chełm County

Pawłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rejowiec Fabryczny, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 960.

</doc>
<doc id="18522177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522177" title="Dussumieriidae">
Dussumieriidae

The Dussumieriidae are a family (round herrings) of clupeiform fishes. Recently recognized by Fishbase as a family in its own right, it was previously considered to be a subfamily of Clupeidae. It currently contains two genera.

</doc>
<doc id="18522179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522179" title="Toruń, Lublin Voivodeship">
Toruń, Lublin Voivodeship

Toruń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522182" title="Wólka Kańska">
Wólka Kańska

Wólka Kańska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Rejowiec Fabryczny, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522184" title="Wólka Kańska-Kolonia">
Wólka Kańska-Kolonia

Wólka Kańska-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522186" title="Zalesie Kańskie">
Zalesie Kańskie

Zalesie Kańskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522189" title="Zalesie Krasieńskie">
Zalesie Krasieńskie

Zalesie Krasieńskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Rejowiec Fabryczny, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522192" title="18th Indian Division">
18th Indian Division

The 18th Indian Division was formed during World War I in 1917 from units of the British Indian Army, for service in Mesopotamia and Persia, in what was called the Mesopotamia Campaign. The Division was attached to the Tigris Corps and was involved in the Actions at the Fat-ha Gorge and on the Little Zab between the 23–26 October 1918 and the Battle of Sharqat between 28–30 October 1918.
At the end of the war the division would remain in Iraq as part of the Iraq Occupation Force, until it was disbanded in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="18522196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522196" title="Chromówka">
Chromówka

Chromówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522197" title="Dobryłów">
Dobryłów

Dobryłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522198" title="Gdola">
Gdola

Gdola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Ruda-Huta, north-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522203" title="Gotówka, Lublin Voivodeship">
Gotówka, Lublin Voivodeship

Gotówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522205" title="Hniszów">
Hniszów

Hniszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522206" title="Jazików">
Jazików

Jazików is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522207" title="Karolinów">
Karolinów

Karolinów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522211" title="Karolinów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Karolinów, Lublin Voivodeship

Karolinów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Ruda-Huta, north-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522216" title="Leśniczówka">
Leśniczówka

Leśniczówka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522218" title="Leśniczówka, Chełm County">
Leśniczówka, Chełm County

Leśniczówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Ruda-Huta, north-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522222" title="Poczekajka, Gmina Ruda-Huta">
Poczekajka, Gmina Ruda-Huta

Poczekajka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522225" title="Ruda, Chełm County">
Ruda, Chełm County

Ruda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Ruda-Huta, north-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522226" title="Ruda-Huta">
Ruda-Huta

Ruda-Huta is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Ruda-Huta. It lies approximately north-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 1,076.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522228" title="Ruda-Opalin">
Ruda-Opalin

Ruda-Opalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522229" title="Rudka, Gmina Ruda-Huta">
Rudka, Gmina Ruda-Huta

Rudka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Ruda-Huta, north-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522232" title="Żalin">
Żalin

Żalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522233" title="Zarudnia">
Zarudnia

Zarudnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522240" title="Aleksandrówka, Chełm County">
Aleksandrówka, Chełm County

Aleksandrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522241" title="Bachus, Lublin Voivodeship">
Bachus, Lublin Voivodeship

Bachus is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522243" title="Bukowa Mała">
Bukowa Mała

Bukowa Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522245" title="Bukowa Wielka">
Bukowa Wielka

Bukowa Wielka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522246" title="Chutcze">
Chutcze

Chutcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sawin, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522247" title="Czułczyce">
Czułczyce

Czułczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522251" title="Czułczyce Małe">
Czułczyce Małe

Czułczyce Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522252" title="Czułczyce-Kolonia">
Czułczyce-Kolonia

Czułczyce-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522253" title="Hredków">
Hredków

Hredków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Sawin, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522255" title="Jagodne">
Jagodne

Jagodne may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522256" title="Jagodne, Chełm County">
Jagodne, Chełm County

Jagodne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Sawin, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522257" title="Krobonosz">
Krobonosz

Krobonosz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sawin, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522259" title="Krobonosz-Kolonia">
Krobonosz-Kolonia

Krobonosz-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 52.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522262" title="Łowcza">
Łowcza

Łowcza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522264" title="B. Sathianathan">
B. Sathianathan

B. Sathianathan is a Malaysian football head coach and a former footballer. He is the former head coach for Malaysia national football team and Malaysia U-23 football team. Before becoming the head coach for Malaysia, he was the Head Coach of the Malaysian Under 23 team.
Career.
Early in his career, he was the coach for Negeri Sembilan FA Gold Cup team in 1992. He held the assistant coach position for the national Olympic team in 1997-1999 and 2002-2004.
In 2006, he was selected by Football Association of Malaysia to be the head coach for Malaysia under-23 side in the team preparation for the 2008 Olympic games qualifier. After winning the 2007 Merdeka Tournament, he was selected as the head coach for senior team by the FAM president Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah.
His first match as the head coach was the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifier Asian zone against Bahrain. In the match, Malaysia lost 4-1 before draw 0-0 at Shah Alam. After ending the World Cup 2010 qualifying campaign, he then brought the under 23 side to the 2007 SEA Games in Thailand. The under-23 side also failed in the tournament after only managing 1 win, 1 draw and 1 defeat and for the first time since 1999 Malaysia failed to advance into the semifinal.
For 2008, Sathianathan bring the Malaysia best eleven to face Premier League giant Chelsea. Eventually the match was won by Chelsea by 2-0 and the squads did a good fight in the match as Chelsea head coach Luiz Felipe Scolari praise the Malaysia XI for giving a good fight against his team.
In 2008 Merdeka Tournament, Sathianathan again bring Malaysia into the final. Malaysia show impressive performance from the start of the tournament and did not conceded in all Merdeka Tournament match. However Sathianathan team lose 6-5 through a penalty shoot-out against Vietnam in the final.
In 2008 AFF Suzuki Cup, Sathia team start with convincing win over Laos. However in the last two matches, his team lost 2-3 to Vietnam and beaten by host Thailand 3-0. The lost against the Thai's saw Malaysia exit the competition for the first time since 1998. Rumors also spread that he will be replace by Indonesia former coach, Peter Withe because of his failure in 2008 AFF Suzuki Cup. However FAM decided to extend his contract for one more year with condition he must improve Malaysia FIFA ranking.
In February 2009, Sathia one year contract was terminated by FAM, after Malaysia was trashed by United Arab Emirates 5-0 in the 2011 AFC Asian Cup qualification match. Subsequently he coached Kelantan FA from November 2009, and guided the team to 2010 Malaysia Cup triumph. He was forced to leave his post after being handed a 6 month coaching ban by FAM from January 2011 for criticizing the national football body, later taking up the post of CEO of Kelantan FA coaching.
He was appointed the coach of ATM FA on November 2011. Under Sathianathan helm, ATM FA won the 2012 Malaysia Premier League, and an automatic promotion to the 2013 Malaysia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="18522265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522265" title="Łowcza-Kolonia">
Łowcza-Kolonia

Łowcza-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522269" title="Łukówek">
Łukówek

Łukówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522270" title="Malinówka">
Malinówka

Malinówka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522273" title="Malinówka, Chełm County">
Malinówka, Chełm County

Malinówka (, "Malynivka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.

</doc>
<doc id="18522276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522276" title="Petryłów">
Petryłów

Petryłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522277" title="Podpakule">
Podpakule

Podpakule is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522280" title="Przysiółek, Lublin Voivodeship">
Przysiółek, Lublin Voivodeship

Przysiółek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 42.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522283" title="Radzanów">
Radzanów

Radzanów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522285" title="Radzanów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Radzanów, Lublin Voivodeship

Radzanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522286" title="Sajczyce">
Sajczyce

Sajczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522289" title="Serniawy">
Serniawy

Serniawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522291" title="Serniawy-Kolonia">
Serniawy-Kolonia

Serniawy-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522292" title="Średni Łan">
Średni Łan

Średni Łan is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522293" title="Tomaszówka">
Tomaszówka

Tomaszówka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522294" title="PICUM">
PICUM

PICUM (the Platform for International Cooperation on Undocumented Migrants) is a non-governmental organization that aims to promote respect for the human rights of undocumented migrants within Europe. PICUM also seeks to dialogue with organizations and networks with similar concerns in other parts of the world (it has over 100 affiliated and 107 ordinary members in approximately 25 countries in Europe and beyond).
History.
The initiative to establish PICUM was taken in the late 1990s by grassroots organisations from Belgium, the Netherlands, and Germany. People from these organisations met each other frequently at European meetings on asylum and shared the same concern. Most of their clients weren’t asylum seekers; they were actually undocumented migrants. They found that there was a real vacuum in Europe regarding undocumented migrants and so set about creating a platform to represent them at EU level.
Activities.
PICUM ’s activities are focused in five main areas:
PICUM ’s monthly newsletter on issues concerning the human rights of undocumented migrants is produced in seven languages and circulates to PICUM ’s network of more than 2,400 civil society organizations, individuals and beyond.
Membership of NGO networks.
PICUM is a member of the following global and European NGO networks:

</doc>
<doc id="18522295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522295" title="Tomaszówka, Chełm County">
Tomaszówka, Chełm County

Tomaszówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522297" title="Wólka Petryłowska">
Wólka Petryłowska

Wólka Petryłowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522306" title="Adolfin, Lublin Voivodeship">
Adolfin, Lublin Voivodeship

Adolfin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522310" title="Anusin, Lublin Voivodeship">
Anusin, Lublin Voivodeship

Anusin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522313" title="Bezek Dębiński">
Bezek Dębiński

Bezek Dębiński is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522316" title="Bezek-Kolonia">
Bezek-Kolonia

Bezek-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522320" title="William Musgrave">
William Musgrave

William Musgrave (1655–1721) was a British physician and antiquary. 
Life.
He was educated at Winchester College and New College, Oxford, where he was a fellow from 1677 to 1692. In 1680 he spent a brief period at the University of Leiden. 
He was elected to the Royal Society in 1684, for his work in natural philosophy and medicine. During 1685 he acted as secretary to the society and edited the Philosophical Transactions nos. 167 to 178. 
He was a member of the Philosophical Society of Oxford, where he practised medicine and was awarded an M.D. on 6 July 1689. In 1692 he was elected to the Royal College of Physicians in London. He later settled in Exeter, where he practised until his death.
His writings on medical matters included lacteals, palsy, and respiration. His important medical works concerned arthritis and its effects. His publication "De arthritide symptomatica" (2nd edn, 1715) included the first scientific description of ‘Devonshire colic’ (later referred to by John Huxham and George Baker). His other writings included "Antiquitates Britanno-Belgicae" a study of Roman Hampshire, Wiltshire and Somerset - areas previously inhabited by the Belgae. George I presented Musgrave with a diamond ring for this work.

</doc>
<doc id="18522321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522321" title="Borowo, Lublin Voivodeship">
Borowo, Lublin Voivodeship

Borowo is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 19.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522324" title="Brzeziny, Chełm County">
Brzeziny, Chełm County

Brzeziny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522326" title="Chojeniec">
Chojeniec

Chojeniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 340.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522327" title="Chojeniec-Kolonia">
Chojeniec-Kolonia

Chojeniec-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522333" title="Dobromyśl, Chełm County">
Dobromyśl, Chełm County

Dobromyśl is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 83.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522337" title="Gliny, Chełm County">
Gliny, Chełm County

Gliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522340" title="Jankowice, Lublin Voivodeship">
Jankowice, Lublin Voivodeship

Jankowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522341" title="New South Wales C35 class locomotive">
New South Wales C35 class locomotive

The C35 class was a class of steam locomotives built by Eveleigh Railway Workshops between 1914 and 1923 for the New South Wales Government Railways in Australia.
Despite their elegant, somewhat English looking appearance, they suffered a long period of teething troubles and were poor performers, especially on long climbs.
They took over hauling "The Fish", from Sydney Central to Mount Victoria in June 1918 and the "Caves Express" on the same route in 1932. To operate this 3506, 3526 and 3535 were painted in Caledonian Blue to match the carriages. 
In May 1935 an ACFI feedwater heater was fitted to 3508. It was apparently not a success as it was removed in 1939 and no other member was so fitted. 
From December 1937 the class was rebuilt with heavier frames, rebalanced driving wheels, new boilers and new cabs with more shelter, replacing their Great Western Railway look. 
After being replaced by 36 class locomotives on Southern and Western services they were transferred to operate North Coast and Northern Tablelands express and mail trains until replaced by diesels in the 1950s. The first was withdrawn in February 1959. During the last years of service, they were confined to working both passenger and freight trains north of Gosford on the Main North line. The last was withdrawn in August 1968. 
Preservation.
The New South Wales Rail Transport Museum preserved 3526. After being repainted into "Caves Express" blue livery at Petersham in 1967, it remained serviceable until June 1975. Its last journey was from Enfield to Thirlmere hauling 7100 and 2606. It was overhauled and returned to service in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18522345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522345" title="Janowica, Chełm County">
Janowica, Chełm County

Janowica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has an approximate population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522346" title="Julianów">
Julianów

Julianów may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18522347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522347" title="Clayton Bay, South Australia">
Clayton Bay, South Australia

Clayton Bay is a small town on the River Murray in South Australia. The town is located opposite the north-east tip of Hindmarsh Island, by road from Adelaide or upriver from Goolwa. At the 2011 census, Clayton Bay had a population of 240.
Clayton Bay was renamed from Clayton in 2010 as it was getting mixed up with Clayton, Victoria.
The sheltered waters of Clayton Bay and nearby islands make an ideal location for all types of water sports.
The town is the home of The Big Yabby.

</doc>
<doc id="18522350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522350" title="Julianów, Chełm County">
Julianów, Chełm County

Julianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Siedliszcze, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522354" title="Kamionka, Chełm County">
Kamionka, Chełm County

Kamionka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522355" title="Krowica">
Krowica

Krowica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522360" title="Kulik, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kulik, Lublin Voivodeship

Kulik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Siedliszcze, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522361" title="Urban runoff">
Urban runoff

Urban runoff is surface runoff of rainwater created by urbanization. This runoff is a major source of urban flooding and water pollution in urban communities worldwide.
Overview.
Impervious surfaces (roads, parking lots and sidewalks) are constructed during land development. During rain storms and other precipitation events, these surfaces (built from materials such as asphalt and concrete), along with rooftops, carry polluted stormwater to storm drains, instead of allowing the water to percolate through soil. This causes lowering of the water table (because groundwater recharge is lessened) and flooding since the amount of water that remains on the surface is greater. Most municipal storm sewer systems discharge stormwater, untreated, to streams, rivers and bays. This excess water can also make its way into people's properties through basement backups and seepage through building wall and floors.
Urban flooding.
Urban runoff is a major cause of urban flooding, the inundation of land or property in a built-up environment caused by rainfall overwhelming the capacity of drainage systems, such as storm sewers. Triggered by events such as flash flooding, storm surges, overbank flooding, or snow melt, urban flooding is characterized by its repetitive, costly and systemic impacts on communities, regardless of whether or not these communities are located within formally designated floodplains or near any body of water.
There are several ways in which stormwater enters properties: backup through sewer pipes, toilets and sinks into buildings; seepage through building walls and floors; the accumulation of water on property and in public rights-of-way; and the overflow of water from water bodies such as rivers and lakes. Where properties are built with basements, urban flooding is the primary cause of basement flooding.
Pollutants.
Water running off these impervious surfaces tends to pick up gasoline, motor oil, heavy metals, trash and other pollutants from roadways and parking lots, as well as fertilizers and pesticides from lawns. Roads and parking lots are major sources of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), which are created as combustion byproducts of gasoline and other fossil fuels, as well as of the heavy metals nickel, copper, zinc, cadmium, and lead. Roof runoff contributes high levels of synthetic organic compounds and zinc (from galvanized gutters). Fertilizer use on residential lawns, parks and golf courses is a significant source of nitrates and phosphorus in urban runoff.
Eroding soils or poorly maintained construction sites can often lead to increased sedimentation in runoff. Sedimentation often settles to the bottom of water bodies and can directly affect water quality. Excessive levels of sediment in water bodies can increase the risk of infection and disease through high levels of nutrients present in the soil. These high levels of nutrients can reduce oxygen and boost algae growth while limiting native vegetation growth. Limited native vegetation and excessive algae has the potential to disrupt the entire aquatic ecosystem due to limited light penetration, lower oxygen levels, and reduced food reserves. Excessive levels of sediment and suspended solids have the potential to damage existing infrastructure as well. Sedimentation can increase runoff by plugging underground injection systems, thereby increasing the amount of runoff on the surface. Increased sedimentation levels can also reduce storage behind reservoirs. This reduction of reservoir capacities can lead to increased expenses for public land agencies while also impacting the quality of water recreational areas. 
As stormwater is channeled into storm drains and surface waters, the natural sediment load discharged to receiving waters decreases, but the water flow and velocity increases. In fact, the impervious cover in a typical city creates five times the runoff of a typical woodland of the same size.
Effects.
A 2008 report by the United States National Research Council (textbox below) identified urban runoff as a leading source of water quality problems.
...further declines in water quality remain likely if the land-use changes that typify more diffuse sources of pollution are not addressed... These include land-disturbing agricultural, silvicultural, urban, industrial, and construction activities from which hard-to-monitor pollutants emerge during wet-weather events. Pollution from these landscapes has been almost universally acknowledged as the most pressing challenge to the restoration of waterbodies and aquatic ecosystems nationwide.
  --National Research Council, "Urban Stormwater Management in the United States" 
The runoff also increases temperatures in streams, harming fish and other organisms. (A sudden burst of runoff from a rainstorm can cause a fish-killing shock of hot water.) Also, road salt used to melt snow on sidewalks and roadways can contaminate streams and groundwater aquifers.
One of the most pronounced effects of urban runoff is on watercourses that historically contained little or no water during dry weather periods (often called "ephemeral streams"). When an area around such a stream is urbanized, the resultant runoff creates an unnatural year-round streamflow that hurts the vegetation, wildlife and stream bed of the waterway. Containing little or no sediment relative to the historic ratio of sediment to water, urban runoff rushes down the stream channel, ruining natural features such as meanders and sandbars, and creates severe erosion—increasing sediment loads at the mouth while severely incising the stream bed upstream. As an example, on many Southern California beaches at the mouth of a waterway, urban runoff carries trash, pollutants, excessive silt, and other wastes, and can pose moderate to severe health hazards.
Because of fertilizer and organic waste that urban runoff often carries, eutrophication often occurs in waterways affected by this type of runoff. After heavy rains, organic matter in the waterway is relatively high compared with natural levels, spurring growth of algae blooms that soon use up most of the oxygen. Once the naturally occurring oxygen in the water is depleted, the algae blooms die, and in their decomposing process, cause further eutrophication. Algae blooms mostly occur in areas with still water, such as stream pools and the pools behind dams, weirs, and some drop structures. Eutrophication usually comes with deadly consequences for fish and other aquatic organisms.
Excessive stream bank erosion may cause flooding and property damage. For many years governments have often responded to urban stream erosion problems by modifying the streams through construction of hardened embankments and similar control structures using concrete and masonry materials. Use of these hard materials destroys habitat for fish and other animals. Such a project may stabilize the immediate area where flood damage occurred, but often it simply shifts the problem to an upstream or downstream segment of the stream. "See River engineering".
Urban flooding has significant economic implications. In the U.S., industry experts estimate that wet basements can lower property values by 10-25 percent and are cited among the top reasons for not purchasing a home. According to the U.S Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), almost 40 percent of small businesses never reopen their doors following a flooding disaster. In the UK, urban flooding is estimated to cost £270 million a year in England and Wales; 80,000 homes are at risk.
A study of Cook County, Illinois, identified 177,000 property damage insurance claims made across 96 percent of the county’s ZIP codes over a five-year period from 2007-2011. This is the equivalent of one in six properties in the County making a claim. Average payouts per claim were $3,733 across all types of claims, with total claims amounting to $660 million over the five years examined.
Despite concerted efforts, many communities simply lack the funds to fully address these issues and often seek for funds elsewhere to combat this problem. According to a recent Los Angeles Times article “County Seeks Parcel Fee to Pay for Projects to Combat Urban Runoff”, numerous watersheds within Los Angeles County do not meet water quality standards, despite spending $100 million a year on clean water programs to combat issues such as urban runoff. In order to combat this issue, officials have introduced a measure that would assess a fee to homeowners and local businesses in attempt to raise $290 million for effective urban runoff management. 
Prevention and mitigation.
Effective control of urban runoff involves reducing the velocity and flow of stormwater, as well as reducing pollutant discharges. A variety of stormwater management practices and systems may be used to reduce the effects of urban runoff. Some of these techniques (called best management practices (BMPs) in the US), focus on water quantity control, while others focus on improving water quality, and some perform both functions.
Pollution prevention practices include low impact development or green infrastructure techniques, such as the installation of green roofs and improved chemical handling (e.g. management of motor fuels & oil, fertilizers and pesticides). Runoff mitigation systems include infiltration basins, bioretention systems, constructed wetlands, retention basins and similar devices.
Providing effective urban runoff solutions often requires proper city programs that take into account the needs and differences of the community. Factors such as a city’s mean temperature, precipitation levels, geographical location, and airborne pollutant levels can all effect rates of pollution in urban runoff and present unique challenges for management. Human factors such as urbanization rates, land use trends, and chosen building materials for impervious surfaces often exacerbate these issues. The implementation of city wide maintenance strategies such as street sweeping programs can also be an effective method in improving the quality of urban runoff. Street sweeping vacuums collect particles of dust and suspended solids often found in public parking lots and roads that often end up in runoff (2). Educational programs can also be an effective tool for managing urban runoff. Local businesses and individuals can have an integral role in reducing pollution in urban runoff simply through their practices, but often are unaware of regulations. Creating a productive discussion on urban runoff and the importance of effective disposal of household items can help to encourage environmentally friendly practices at a reduced cost to the city and local economy. 

</doc>
<doc id="18522364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522364" title="Kulik-Kolonia">
Kulik-Kolonia

Kulik-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522368" title="Lechówka, Lublin Voivodeship">
Lechówka, Lublin Voivodeship

Lechówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522375" title="Vancouver (album)">
Vancouver (album)

Vancouver is the fourth studio album by Matthew Good, released on October 6, 2009. 
The album is a concept album, critically reflecting on Good's hometown city of Vancouver. In particular, the album is influenced by the social issues surrounding the city's poverty-stricken Downtown Eastside
As Good had fulfilled his recording contract with Universal Music Canada with his previous 2007 release, "Hospital Music", he re-signed with the record label in early 2009 upon beginning studio recording. Contributing artists on "Vancouver" include Peter Yorn, who sings backup vocals on the ninth track "The Vancouver National Anthem".
"Vancouver" won the award for "Rock Album of the Year" at the 2011 Juno Awards, making it the second time Good's won the award, the first being in 2000 for "Beautiful Midnight".
Promotion and commercial performance.
The release of "Vancouver" was announced by Good on his website in July 2008. Months prior to the announcement, the album's eventual second track "The Boy That Could Explode" was previewed for fans on Good's website on Christmas Day in 2007. Good began streaming the album's first single "Last Parade" on August 14, 2009. Good began streaming "Vancouver" on his website on September 5, 2009, a little over a month before its release.
"Vancouver" debuted at #2 on the Canadian Albums Chart, selling 11,000 copies in its first week. 
The album was certified Gold in Canada on November 18, 2011.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Matthew Good.

</doc>
<doc id="18522376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522376" title="Lipówki, Lublin Voivodeship">
Lipówki, Lublin Voivodeship

Lipówki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522377" title="Majdan Zahorodyński">
Majdan Zahorodyński

Majdan Zahorodyński is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522379" title="Abdallahi Hassen Ben Hmeida">
Abdallahi Hassen Ben Hmeida

Abdallahi Hassen Ben Hmeida (born 1954) is a Mauritanian diplomat who was briefly Minister of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation in 2008.
Hmeida was born in Inchiri. After working at Radio Mauritania, he served as First Secretary at Mauritanian embassies in various countries from 1982 to 2000. He was then an adviser to the Minister of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation from 2000 to 2003, Secretary-General of the Ministry of Culture from 2004 to 2005, and Secretary-General of the Ministry of National Education from 2005 to 2006.
Subsequently, after serving as Ambassador to Libya from 2006 to 2008, Hmeida was appointed as Minister of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation in the government that was named on July 15, 2008. He served in that post only briefly, however; President Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi was ousted in a military coup on August 6, 2008, and Hmeida was replaced as Foreign Minister by Mohamed Mahmoud Ould Mohamedou in the government appointed by the junta on August 31.

</doc>
<doc id="18522382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522382" title="Craig Sellar Lang">
Craig Sellar Lang

Craig Sellar Lang (13 May 1891 - 24 Nov 1971) was a New Zealand-born, British-domiciled organist, music teacher, and composer.
Born in Hastings, New Zealand, Dr. C. S. Lang (as he is generally known) was educated at Clifton College, and studied with Sir Charles Villiers Stanford at the Royal College of Music. He then worked as Director of Music at Christ's Hospital school in Horsham, West Sussex, from 1929, where the choristers of Westminster Abbey were briefly evacuated to during the Second World War. Lang resigned from this post in 1945 in order to devote more time to examining and composition. 
His choral music includes service settings (such as the "Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis in B flat", Op.16), and anthems such as "He shall give his angels charge over thee" (1941). There are also many anthems for trebles' voices, composed for use at Christ's Hospital, as well as numerous secular choral works.
Lang's best-known work is his "Tuba Tune" for organ, Opus 15, a favourite of recitalists. This dashing little piece, which owes its title to the boisterous melody sounded forth on the organ's tuba stop, begins in the style of Handel but, in its central section, has some brief key changes that could belong to no century except the 20th. Lang's numerous other works for organ include a lengthy "Sonata in D minor" (Op. 47, 1947), the "Introduction and Passacaglia in A minor" (Op.51, 1952), the "Fugue-Trilogy on E.G.B". (Op. 58, 1952), and many hymn preludes and sets of preludes and fugues.
Lang's instructional works, aimed at students, were highly influential. Generations of organists were brought up on his "Harmony at the Keyboard", "Exercises in Score Reading", as well as his books entitled "Exercises for Organists", designed to prepare organ students for the keyboard tests of the Royal College of Organists' diploma exams.

</doc>
<doc id="18522383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522383" title="Marynin, Gmina Siedliszcze">
Marynin, Gmina Siedliszcze

Marynin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522387" title="Mogilnica">
Mogilnica

Mogilnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522388" title="Nowe Chojno">
Nowe Chojno

Nowe Chojno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522390" title="Romanówka">
Romanówka

Romanówka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522392" title="Romanówka, Chełm County">
Romanówka, Chełm County

Romanówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522393" title="Siedliszcze, Gmina Siedliszcze">
Siedliszcze, Gmina Siedliszcze

Siedliszcze is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Siedliszcze. It lies approximately west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 813.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522394" title="Siedliszcze-Kolonia">
Siedliszcze-Kolonia

Siedliszcze-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522400" title="Siedliszcze-Osada">
Siedliszcze-Osada

Siedliszcze-Osada is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 335.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522401" title="Stare Chojno">
Stare Chojno

Stare Chojno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522402" title="Stasin Dolny">
Stasin Dolny

Stasin Dolny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522407" title="Wojciechów, Chełm County">
Wojciechów, Chełm County

Wojciechów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522411" title="Wola Korybutowa Druga">
Wola Korybutowa Druga

Wola Korybutowa Druga is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522412" title="Wola Korybutowa Pierwsza">
Wola Korybutowa Pierwsza

Wola Korybutowa Pierwsza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522414" title="August Thomle">
August Thomle

August Thomle (6 June 1816, Arendal – 24 June 1889) was a Norwegian judge and politician.
He was born in Arendal, Norway, as the son of Erich Andreas Thomle and his wife, Mette Maria, née Binneballe. His brother, Iver Steen Thomle, became a jurist and politician. August Thomle married twice: in 1845 and 1860.
In his first marriage, with Helene Marie Fredrikke Binneballe (1820–1851), he had one son: Erik Andreas Thomle, an archivist. 
In his second marriage, to Cornelia Kraft, he had the sons Carl Sophus Thomle, attorney, and Jens Edvard Thomle, civil servant.
He graduated from the Royal Frederick University in Christiania with the Cand.jur. degree in 1837. He then worked as a clerk for one year, and then attorney in Drammen, Rouen, and Paris. In 1843 he moved back to Christiania. He was mayor of Christiania in 1863. From 1865 to 1881 he worked as Supreme Court Assessor.
He was proclaimed Knight of the Order of St. Olav in 1868. He died in Kristiania.

</doc>
<doc id="18522416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522416" title="Wola Korybutowa-Kolonia">
Wola Korybutowa-Kolonia

Wola Korybutowa-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522419" title="Zabitek">
Zabitek

Zabitek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siedliszcze, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522429" title="Bakus-Wanda">
Bakus-Wanda

Bakus-Wanda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522431" title="Busówno">
Busówno

Busówno (, "Busivno") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522433" title="Busówno-Kolonia">
Busówno-Kolonia

Busówno-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522435" title="Buza">
Buza

Buza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522439" title="Chylin, Lublin Voivodeship">
Chylin, Lublin Voivodeship

Chylin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522442" title="Chylin Mały">
Chylin Mały

Chylin Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522443" title="Chylin Wielki">
Chylin Wielki

Chylin Wielki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522444" title="Helenów">
Helenów

Helenów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522445" title="Helenów, Chełm County">
Helenów, Chełm County

Helenów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522447" title="Kamienna Góra, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kamienna Góra, Lublin Voivodeship

Kamienna Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522450" title="Kamienna Góra-Gajówka">
Kamienna Góra-Gajówka

Kamienna Góra-Gajówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522451" title="Karczunek">
Karczunek

Karczunek may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522452" title="Karczunek, Chełm County">
Karczunek, Chełm County

Karczunek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522454" title="Kozia Góra">
Kozia Góra

Kozia Góra may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522456" title="Kozia Góra, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kozia Góra, Lublin Voivodeship

Kozia Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522459" title="Ochoża, Chełm County">
Ochoża, Chełm County

Ochoża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522460" title="Ochoża-Pniaki">
Ochoża-Pniaki

Ochoża-Pniaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522462" title="Olchowiec, Chełm County">
Olchowiec, Chełm County

Olchowiec (, "Vil’khovets’") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522468" title="Olchowiec-Kolonia, Chełm County">
Olchowiec-Kolonia, Chełm County

Olchowiec-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522470" title="Pniówno">
Pniówno

Pniówno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522472" title="Staszyce, Lublin Voivodeship">
Staszyce, Lublin Voivodeship

Staszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522474" title="Święcica">
Święcica

Święcica may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522476" title="Święcica, Lublin Voivodeship">
Święcica, Lublin Voivodeship

Święcica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522478" title="Syczyn">
Syczyn

Syczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522481" title="Tarnów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Tarnów, Lublin Voivodeship

Tarnów (, "Terniv") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522485" title="Terenin, Lublin Voivodeship">
Terenin, Lublin Voivodeship

Terenin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522486" title="Werejce">
Werejce

Werejce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522489" title="Wierzbica, Gmina Wierzbica">
Wierzbica, Gmina Wierzbica

Wierzbica is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wierzbica. It lies approximately north-west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 310.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522490" title="Wierzbica-Osiedle">
Wierzbica-Osiedle

Wierzbica-Osiedle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522493" title="Władysławów, Chełm County">
Władysławów, Chełm County

Władysławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522495" title="Janet Lee">
Janet Lee

Janet Lee (, born October 22 in Lafayette, Indiana) is a Taiwanese-American retired professional tennis player. She won three doubles titles during her career on the WTA Tour. She competed in all four Grand Slam tournaments in both singles and doubles. Her highest singles ranking was 79 and her highest doubles ranking was 20.
Since retiring, she has been an Assistant Coach for the California State University, Fullerton(CSUF) women's tennis team. She was a full-time undergraduate student at the university, majoring in Business with an emphasis in Accounting and Finance. After earning her B.A. at CSUF she joined the Professional Services Firm, Deloitte & Touche, LLP.
Early life.
Lee started playing tennis at age five. She graduated from high school in 1994 and decided to postpone college to pursue a professional tennis career.
Career.
Lee competed in Women's Doubles Tennis for Chinese Taipei at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney with partner Weng Tzu Ting. They lost in the first round.
Playing women's doubles in the US Open with Peng Shuai of China, Lee reached the quarterfinals where they lost to Barbara Schett and Patty Schnyder, 6-2, 7-5. retired 2006.
Personal life.
Her father is Shun-Yi Lee, a physicist, and her mother is Vanni Lee, a DP coordinator.

</doc>
<doc id="18522497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522497" title="Wólka Tarnowska, Lublin Voivodeship">
Wólka Tarnowska, Lublin Voivodeship

Wólka Tarnowska (, "Vil’ka Ternivs’ka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522499" title="Wólka Tarnowska-Osada">
Wólka Tarnowska-Osada

Wólka Tarnowska-Osada is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522501" title="Wygoda, Chełm County">
Wygoda, Chełm County

Wygoda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522506" title="Czarnołozy">
Czarnołozy

Czarnołozy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522510" title="Cztery Słupy">
Cztery Słupy

Cztery Słupy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522513" title="Góra Blachowa">
Góra Blachowa

Góra Blachowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522515" title="Bartolomeo Gastaldi">
Bartolomeo Gastaldi

Bartolomeo Gastaldi (10 February 1818 – 5 January 1879) was an Italian geologist and palæontologist, and one the founders of the Club Alpino Italiano.
Gastaldi was born in Turin, then capital of the Kingdom of Sardinia. As a child he developed a passion for fossils; the finds he made during excursions in the areas around Turin and Asti were to form the basis for his extensive collection of fossils and geoplogical specimens. Under pressure from his father he studied law at the University of Turin, Faculty of Law; after graduating in 1839 he entered the legal profession.
On the death of his father in 1843 he abandoned his legal work and devoted his energies to geology and palaeontology, making field trips in various parts of Italy and in Spain. He spent the years 1849–52 in Paris taking courses at the Ecole des Mines, the Jardin des Plantes, the Collège de France and the Sorbonne. A particular interest was glaciology. Also at this time he first met Quintino Sella with whom he was to form a lasting friendship.
He became professor of mineralogy and geology at the University of Turin.
On 23 October 1863, he, together with Quintino Sella and others, founded the Club Alpino Italiano, the first and largest Italian Alpine Club, becoming its first vice-president. The following year he was appointed as its second president, an office he held until 1872.
In 1870, he was made a member of the Accademia nazionale delle scienze.
Bartolomeo Gastaldi died in Turin in 1879.
Recognitions.
The mineral gastaldite, a type of glaucophane, is named after him; so too are the Rifugio Bartolomeo Gastaldi (a mountain hut in the Graian Alps), the mountain called Cresta Gastaldi in the Gran Paradiso group, and the Punta Gastaldi, a peak near Monviso.

</doc>
<doc id="18522516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522516" title="Góra Łosiów">
Góra Łosiów

Góra Łosiów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522517" title="Góra Pudełkowa">
Góra Pudełkowa

Góra Pudełkowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522519" title="Huta, Chełm County">
Huta, Chełm County

Huta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522522" title="Krasne, Gmina Wojsławice">
Krasne, Gmina Wojsławice

Krasne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522526" title="Kukawka, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kukawka, Lublin Voivodeship

Kukawka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522527" title="Accumulator (structured product)">
Accumulator (structured product)

Accumulators (aka: share forward accumulators) are financial derivative products sold by an issuer (seller) to investors (the buyer) that require the issuer to sell shares of some underlying security at a predetermined strike price, settled periodically. This allows the investor to "accumulate" holdings in the underlying security over the term of the contract. 
Sometimes known as "I kill you later" contracts, accumulators typically last for a year or less and terminate early ("knock-out") if the stock price goes above a threshold ("barrier").
The basic idea of an accumulator contract is that the buyer speculates a company will trade between a certain price range (the range between the strike and the knock out price) within the contract period, and the issuer bets that stock will fall below the strike price. Note that the buyer holds an obligation to buy the shares at the strike price and not the option to buy. Likewise, the issuer holds an obligation to sell shares at the strike price.
Contract specifications.
Terms of the accumulator contract between two counterparties are specified in a term sheet. They will usually include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18522528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522528" title="Majdan, Gmina Wojsławice">
Majdan, Gmina Wojsławice

Majdan is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522529" title="Majdan Kukawiecki">
Majdan Kukawiecki

Majdan Kukawiecki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522531" title="Majdan Ostrowski">
Majdan Ostrowski

Majdan Ostrowski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522532" title="Nowy Majdan, Chełm County">
Nowy Majdan, Chełm County

Nowy Majdan is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522535" title="Ostrów, Gmina Wojsławice">
Ostrów, Gmina Wojsławice

Ostrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522537" title="Ostrów-Kolonia, Chełm County">
Ostrów-Kolonia, Chełm County

Ostrów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522539" title="Partyzancka Kolonia">
Partyzancka Kolonia

Partyzancka Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522543" title="Pohulanka">
Pohulanka

Pohulanka may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18522545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522545" title="Pohulanka, Chełm County">
Pohulanka, Chełm County

Pohulanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522547" title="Popławy">
Popławy

Popławy may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522549" title="Popławy, Chełm County">
Popławy, Chełm County

Popławy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522551" title="Przecinek, Lublin Voivodeship">
Przecinek, Lublin Voivodeship

Przecinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522553" title="Putnowice Wielkie">
Putnowice Wielkie

Putnowice Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522554" title="Putnowice-Kolonia">
Putnowice-Kolonia

Putnowice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522555" title="Rozięcin">
Rozięcin

Rozięcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522556" title="Stadarnia">
Stadarnia

Stadarnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522559" title="Stary Majdan, Gmina Wojsławice">
Stary Majdan, Gmina Wojsławice

Stary Majdan is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522562" title="Trościanka">
Trościanka

Trościanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522567" title="Turowiec, Lublin Voivodeship">
Turowiec, Lublin Voivodeship

Turowiec (, "Turovets’") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wojsławice, south-east of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522569" title="Witoldów, Chełm County">
Witoldów, Chełm County

Witoldów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522573" title="Wojsławice, Lublin Voivodeship">
Wojsławice, Lublin Voivodeship

Wojsławice (, "Voislavychi") is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wojsławice. It lies approximately south of Chełm and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has an approximate population of 1,600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522574" title="Wólka Putnowicka">
Wólka Putnowicka

Wólka Putnowicka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Wojsławice, south-east of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522575" title="Zadebra">
Zadebra

Zadebra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522591" title="Bezek, Poland">
Bezek, Poland

Bezek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522598" title="Central Adelaide Mosque">
Central Adelaide Mosque

The Adelaide Mosque was built in 1888, and is the oldest major city mosque in Australia. Its original four minarets were added in 1903. Muslims from as far away as Broken Hill and Kalgoorlie gathered at least once a year at the Adelaide Mosque, usually for the Fast of Ramadan. In 1890 it was reported that 80 Afghans were present to observe this important festival.
Ahmed Skaka (originally from Bosnia) was an Imam at the Adelaide Mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="18522604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522604" title="South Ockendon Windmill">
South Ockendon Windmill

South Ockendon Windmill was a Smock mill at South Ockendon, Essex, England which collapsed on 2 November 1977.
History.
"South Ockendon Windmill" was built in the 1820s. A date of 1829 is often quoted but the mill was marked on the Greenwoods' map of 1825. The mill was a combined mill, with a waterwheel driving a pair of millstones in the base in addition to those driven by wind. The mill may have been built with the waterwheel from new. The first reference to the waterwheel was in 1845. In June 1853 the mill was struck by lightning. A steam engine had been installed by 1912 and the mill ceased working in 1923. The mill collapsed on 2 November 1977. The wreckage was taken into store at South Woodham Ferrers by Vincent Pargeter, millwright to Essex County Council. A plan to restore and exhibit some of the remains in South Ockendon was shelved in 1994. The remains are still in store, available to be used if a replica of the mill is ever built, either on its original site or elsewhere. In 2005, it was announced that some of the machinery was to be used in the restoration of Halvergate Windmill, Norfolk.
Description.
"South Ockendon Windmill" was a three-storey smock mill on a two-storey brick base, with a stage at first-floor level. The mill had two double Patent sails and two single Patent sails. The boat-shaped cap was winded by a fantail.
Mill.
"South Ockendon Windmill" had an octagonal two-storey brick base, which consisted the ground floor of the mill and a cellar. It was across the flats and high. The cellar was just under high. The mill was high overall, and from ground level to the top of the cap.
The smock was from sill to curb. The mill was diameter at the curb externally, the cant posts being about by . The stage was at first-floor level, above the ground.
The cap was boat-shaped, similar to those found on Norfolk windmills. Winding was by an eight-bladed fantail.
Sails and windshaft.
"South Ockendon Windmill" had a cast-iron windshaft carrying two double Patent sails and two single Patent sails with a span of . The double-shuttered sails had eleven bays of three shutters, and the single-shuttered sails had nine bays of three shutters.
Machinery.
The wooden brake wheel was of composite construction, diameter. It had a wooden rim and a cast-iron centre with six arms. It had been converted from clasp arm construction. The Wallower was wooden, as was the Upright Shaft. The Upright Shaft was made up of four pieces of timber. The clasp arm Great Spur Wheel was of wood. It drove three pairs of underdrift millstones, with a fourth pair being driven by the waterwheel. The wind-driven millstones were all French Burr stones, two pairs being diameter and the third pair being diameter. Little is known about the waterwheel except that it was undershot and drove a single pair of millstones on the first floor of the mill, which was the same floor as the wind powered millstones.
Fantail.
"South Ockendon Windmill" was winded by an eight-bladed fantail Final drive was a wooden worm gear driving onto cogs of pitch at the top of the smock.

</doc>
<doc id="18522606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522606" title="Nadarajah Selvarajah">
Nadarajah Selvarajah

Nadarajah Selvarajah () (b. October 20, 1954, Jaffna) is a Srilankan librarian, writer and bibliographer. Selvarajah has written more than 28 books until January 2009. So far he has compiled 5 volumes of Nool thettam - a bibliography of Sri Lankan Tamil books. He has also compiled a bibliography of Tamil publications in Malaysia and Singapore (Malaysian-Singapore Noolthettam). He also in the processing of compiling Noolthettam in English, which contains English publications of Sri Lankan Tamils.
Selvarajah was born in Dandugama in Colombo District in 1954, and moved to Anaikoddai in Jaffna in his early 16's. He had his early education in Negombo, Vivekananda Maha Vidyalayam and St. Mary's College. His career began in 1976 as a librarian at Ramanathan College, Chunnakam in Sri Lanka. And then served as the Central Librarian for the Sarvodaya Shramadana Movement in the Jaffna District. During 1981-82 he served for a year in Indonesia under the United Nations Development Programme, where he organised a Model Rural Community Library System for that country in the Village Marengmang near the provincial capital, Bandung, in the Island of Java. In 1983 he became the Chief Librarian at the Evelyn Rutnam Institute for Inter-Cultural Studies affiliated to the Jaffna College. In 1990 he became an advisor to the Department of Hindu Culture under the Ministry of Cultural Affairs in Sri Lanka. Since 1991 Mr. Selvarajah is a consultant to the Jaffna Public Library.
Selvarajah currently lives in London with his family. He is the founder of European Tamil Documentation and Research Centre (ETDRC) in the United Kingdom in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18522615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522615" title="Cincinnati">
Cincinnati

Cincinnati is the third largest city in Ohio and the 25th largest city in the United States by metropolitan population and the county seat of Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. Settled in 1788, the city is located on the border between Ohio and Kentucky at the confluence of the Ohio River and the Licking River. According to the 2010 census, the population of the metropolitan area was 2,214,954 - the 25th largest Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) in the United States and the largest in Ohio. Residents of Cincinnati are called "Cincinnatians".
In the early 19th century, Cincinnati was an American boomtown in the heart of the country to rival the larger coastal cities in size and wealth. Because it is the first major American city founded after the American Revolution as well as the first major inland city in the country, Cincinnati is sometimes thought of as the first purely American city. It developed initially without as much European immigration or influence that was taking place at the same time in eastern cities. However, by the end of the 19th century, with the shift from steamboats to railroads, Cincinnati's growth had slowed considerably and the city became surpassed in population by other inland cities, Chicago and St. Louis.
Cincinnati is home to two major sports teams, the Cincinnati Reds and the Cincinnati Bengals, an important tennis tournament, the Cincinnati Masters, and home to large events such as the Flying Pig Marathon, the Macy's Music Festival, and the Thanksgiving Day race. The University of Cincinnati traces its foundation to the Medical College of Ohio, which was founded in 1819.
Cincinnati is known for its large collection of historic architecture. Over-the-Rhine, a neighborhood just to the north of Downtown Cincinnati, boasts among the world's largest collections of Italianate architecture, rivaling similar neighborhoods in New York City, Vienna and Munich in size and scope. In the late 1800s, Cincinnati was commonly referred to as 'Paris of America,' mainly due to significant architectural projects, like the Music Hall, the Cincinnatian Hotel, and the Shillito Department Store.
Constructed mainly between 1850 and 1900, Over-the-Rhine was the center of life for German immigrants for many years, and is one of the largest historic districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
Cincinnati was founded in late December 1788 when Mathias Denman, Colonel Robert Patterson and Israel Ludlow landed at the spot on the north bank of the Ohio River opposite the mouth of the Licking River. The original surveyor, John Filson (also the author of "The Adventures of Colonel Daniel Boon" named it "Losantiville" from four terms, each of different language, before his death in October 1788 (he was replaced by Israel Ludlow). It means "The town opposite the mouth of the Licking River"; "ville" is French for "city", "anti" is Greek for "opposite", "os" is Latin for "mouth" and "L" was all that was included of "Licking River".
In 1790, Arthur St. Clair, the governor of the Northwest Territory, changed the name of the settlement to "Cincinnati" in honor of the Society of the Cincinnati, of which he was a member. The Society honored General George Washington, who was considered a latter-day "Cincinnatus", the Roman farmer who was called to serve Rome as dictator, an office which he resigned after completing his task of defeating the Aequians in no less than 16 days, and was considered the role model dictator. To this day, Cincinnati, in particular, and Ohio, in general, are homes to a statistically significant number of descendants of Revolutionary War soldiers who were granted lands in the state as payment for their war service.
Germans were among the first settlers. General David Ziegler succeeded General St. Clair in command at Fort Washington and became the mayor of Cincinnati in 1802. Cincinnati was incorporated as a city in 1819. The introduction of steam navigation on the Ohio River in 1811 and the completion of the Miami and Erie Canal helped the city grow to 115,000 residents by 1850.
Construction on the Miami and Erie Canal began on July 21, 1825, when it was called the Miami Canal, related to its origin at the Great Miami River. The canal became operational in 1827. In 1827, the canal connected Cincinnati to nearby Middletown; by 1840, it had reached Toledo. The name was changed to the Miami and Erie Canal, signifying the connection between the Great Miami River and Lake Erie.
During this period of rapid expansion, residents of Cincinnati began referring to the city as the "Queen" city. In his poem "Catawba Wine", Henry Wadsworth Longfellow wrote that the city was "the Queen of the West".
Cincinnati depended on trade with the slave states south of the Ohio river, at a time when growing numbers of African Americans were settling in the state. This led to tensions between anti-abolitionists and citizens in favor of lifting restrictions on blacks codified in the "Black Code" of 1804. There were riots in 1829, where many blacks lost their homes and property, further riots in 1836 in which an abolitionist press was twice destroyed, and more rioting in 1842.
Railroads were the next major form of transportation to come to Cincinnati. In 1836, the Little Miami Railroad was chartered. Construction began soon after, to connect Cincinnati with the Mad River and Lake Erie Railroad, and provide access to the ports of the Sandusky Bay on Lake Erie.
The first sheriff, John Brown, was appointed September 2, 1788. The Ohio Act in 1802 provided for Cincinnati to have a village marshall and James Smith was appointed; the following year the town started a "night watch". In 1819, when Cincinnati was incorporated as a city, the first city marshal, William Ruffin, was appointed. In May 1828, the police force consisted of one captain; one assistant and five patrolmen. By 1850, the city authorized positions for a police chief and six lieutenants, but it was 1853 before the first police chief, Jacob Keifer, was appointed and he was dismissed after 3 weeks.
Cincinnati accompanied its growth by paying men to act as its fire department in 1853, making the first full-time paid fire department in the United States. It was the first in the world to use steam fire engines.
Six years later, in 1859, Cincinnati laid out six streetcar lines, using horse-drawn cars, making it easier for people to get around the city. By 1872, Cincinnatians could travel on the streetcars within the city and transfer to rail cars for travel to the hill communities. The Cincinnati Inclined Plane Company began transporting people to the top of Mount Auburn that year.
The Cincinnati Red Stockings, a baseball team whose name and heritage inspired today's Cincinnati Reds, began their career in the 19th century as well. In 1868, meetings were held at the law offices of Tilden, Sherman, and Moulton to make Cincinnati's baseball team a professional one; it became the first regular professional team in the country in 1869. In its first year, the team won 57 games and tied one, giving it the best winning record of any professional baseball team in history.
During the American Civil War, Cincinnati played a key role as a major source of supplies and troops for the Union Army. It also served as the headquarters for much of the war for the Department of the Ohio, which was charged with the defense of the region, as well as directing the army's offensive into Kentucky and Tennessee. Due to Cincinnati's commerce with slave states and history of settlement by southerners from eastern states, many people in the area were "Southern sympathizers". Some participated in the Copperhead movement in Ohio. In July 1863, the Union Army instituted martial law in Cincinnati due to the imminent danger posed by the Confederate Morgan's Raiders. Bringing the war to the North, they attacked several outlying villages, such as Cheviot and Montgomery.
In 1879, Procter & Gamble, one of Cincinnati's major soap manufacturers, began marketing Ivory Soap. It was marketed as "light enough to float." After a fire at the first factory, Procter & Gamble moved to a new factory on the Mill Creek and renewed soap production. The area became known as Ivorydale.
In 1884, one of the most severe riots in American history took place in Cincinnati. On Christmas Eve 1883 Joe Palmer and William Berner robbed and murdered their employer, a stable owner named William Kirk. The duo dumped his body near Mill Creek before they were captured. One of the men, William Berner, was spared the gallows in sentencing after his conviction, but the case had provoked outrage and an angry mob formed. The Courthouse Riots began on March 28 when thousands of citizens stormed the county jail and set the Hamilton County Courthouse on fire while seeking Berner. A small group of Hamilton County deputies, led by Sheriff Morton Lytle Hawkins, fought to save the jail from a complete takeover. After losing ground, they succeeded in protecting the inmates from the mob. Two deputies were killed in the conflict, including Captain John Desmond, whose statue stands in the Courthouse lobby. In total, 45 men were killed and 125 injured in the rioting.
In 1889, the Cincinnati streetcar system began converting its horsecar lines to electric streetcars.
Cincinnati weathered the Great Depression better than most American cities of its size, largely because of a resurgence in river trade, which was less expensive than rail. The rejuvenation of downtown began in the 1920s and continued into the next decade with the construction of Union Terminal, the post office, and a large Bell Telephone building. The flood of 1937 was one of the worst in the nation's history. Afterward the city built protective flood walls.
After World War II, Cincinnati unveiled a master plan for urban renewal that resulted in modernization of the inner city. Like other older industrial cities, Cincinnati suffered from economic restructuring and loss of jobs following deindustrialization in the mid-century.
In 1970 and 1975, the city completed Riverfront Stadium and Riverfront Coliseum, respectively, as the Cincinnati Reds baseball team emerged as one of the dominant teams of the decade. In fact, the Big Red Machine of 1975 and 1976 is considered by many to be one of the best baseball teams to ever play the game. Three key players on the team (Johnny Bench, Tony Pérez, and Joe Morgan), as well as manager Sparky Anderson, were elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame, while a fourth, Pete Rose, still holds the title for the most hits (4,256), singles (3,215), games played (3,562), games played in which his team won (1,971), at-bats (14,053) and outs (10,328) in baseball history. On May 28, 1977 165 persons were killed in a fire at the Beverly Hills Supper Club in nearby Southgate, Kentucky. On December 3, 1979 11 persons were killed in a crowd crush at the entrance of Riverfront Coliseum for a rock concert by the British band The Who.
In 1988, the 200th anniversary of the city's founding, much attention was focused on the city's Year 2000 plan, which involved further revitalization. The completion of several major new development projects enhance the city as it enters the early years of the new millennium. Cincinnati's beloved Bengals and Reds teams both have new, state-of-the-art homes: Paul Brown Stadium, opened in 2000; and the Great American Ball Park, opened in 2003, respectively. Two new museums have opened: the Rosenthal Center for Contemporary Art in 2003, and the National Underground Railroad Freedom Center in 2004. The Horseshoe Casino Cincinnati is a 100,000 sq. ft., two-story casino that opened on Monday, March 4, 2013.
The City of Cincinnati and Hamilton County are currently developing the Banks - an urban neighborhood along the city's riverfront including restaurants, clubs, offices, and homes with skyline views.
Geography.
Cincinnati, a major city of the Ohio Valley, is situated on the north bank of the Ohio River in Hamilton County, which is the extreme southwestern county of the State of Ohio. It is midway by river between the cities of Pittsburgh and Cairo. The city lies opposite the mouth of the Licking River, which fact was apparently the determining point as to its original location.
Cincinnati's core metro area spans parts of southern Ohio and northern Kentucky. According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which, is land and is water. The city spreads over a number of hills, bluffs, and low ridges overlooking the Ohio River in the Bluegrass region of the country. Cincinnati is geographically located within the Midwest and is on the far northern periphery of the Upland South. Two-thirds of the American population live within a one-day drive of the city.
This topography is often used for physical activity. The Steps of Cincinnati provide pedestrians a mode to traverse the many hills in the city. In addition to practical use linking hillside neighborhoods, the 400 stairways provide visitors scenic views of the Cincinnati area.
Climate.
Cincinnati belongs to a climatic transition zone, at the northern limit of the humid subtropical climate and the southern limit of the humid continental climate zone (Köppen: "Cfa/Dfa", respectively). Summers are hot and humid, with significant rainfall in each month and highs reaching or above on 21 days per year, often with high dew points and humidity. July is the warmest month, with a daily average temperature of .
Cityscape.
Downtown Cincinnati is focused around Fountain Square, a public square and event location.
Cincinnati is home to numerous structures that are noteworthy due to their architectural characteristics or historic associations including the Carew Tower, the Scripps Center, the Ingalls Building, Cincinnati Museum Center at Union Terminal, and the Isaac M. Wise Temple.
The city is undergoing significant changes due to new development and private investment, as well as the construction of the long-stalled Banks project, which will include apartments, retail, restaurants, and offices and will stretch from Great American Ball Park to Paul Brown Stadium. Phase 1A is already complete and 100% occupied as of early 2013. Smale Riverfront Park is a development working alongside with The Banks and is Cincinnati's newest park. Nearly $3.5 billion has been invested in the urban core of Cincinnati (including Northern Kentucky). Much has been done by 3CDC. More investment is expected to take place.
Queen City Square opened on January 11, 2011, at 1:11 p.m. EST. The building is the tallest in Cincinnati (surpassing the Carew Tower), and is the third tallest in Ohio, reaching a height of 665 feet.
In 2013 the Horseshoe Casino Cincinnati opened, the first casino in the city and fourth in the state of Ohio.
Government.
The city is governed by a nine-member city council, whose members are elected at large. Prior to 1924, city council was elected through a system of wards. The ward system was subject to corruption and as with any one-party dominance, abuses arose. From the 1880s to the 1920s, the Republican Party dominated city politics, with the political machine of "Boss" Cox exerting control.
A reform movement arose in 1923, led by another Republican, Murray Seasongood. Seasongood founded the Charter Committee, which used ballot initiatives in 1924 to replace the ward system with the current at-large system. They also gained approval by voters for a city manager form of government. From 1924 to 1957, the council was selected by proportional representation. Beginning in 1957, all candidates ran in a single race and the top nine vote-getters were elected (the "9-X system"). The mayor was selected by the council. In 1977, thirty-three-year-old Jerry Springer, later a notable television talk show host, was chosen to serve one year as mayor.
Residents continued to work to improve their system. To have their votes count more, starting in 1987, the top vote-getter in the city council election was automatically selected as mayor. Starting in 1999, the mayor was elected separately in a general election for the first time. The city manager's role in government was reduced. These reforms were referred to as the "strong mayor" reforms, to make the city government accountable to voters. Cincinnati politics include the participation of the Charter Party, the party with the third-longest history of winning in local elections.
The current mayor of Cincinnati is John Cranley. The nine-member city council is composed of Vice-Mayor David Mann and Councilmembers Yvette Simpson (President Pro-Tem), Kevin Flynn, Amy Murray, Chris Seelbach, P.G. Sittenfeld, Christopher Smitherman, Charlie Winburn, Wendell Young 
Fire department.
The city of Cincinnati is protected by the paid, professional firefighters of the city of Cincinnati Fire & EMS Department(CFD). Organized in 1853, the Cincinnati Fire & EMS Department is the oldest paid, professional fire department in the United States. The Cincinnati Fire & EMS Department currently operates out of 26 Fire Stations, located throughout the city in 4 Districts, each commanded by a District Chief. The CFD also operates a fire apparatus fleet of 26 Engines(13 ALS and 13 BLS), 12 Ladders, 2 Heavy Rescues, 4 ALS Ambulances, 6 BLS Ambulances, 1 ARFF Crash Rescue Unit, 1 Bomb Squad Unit, 3 Foam Units, 3 Fireboats, 1 Lighting Plant Unit, and numerous other special, support, and reserve units.
Race relations.
Because of its location on the Ohio River, Cincinnati was a border town between a state that allowed slavery, Kentucky, and one that did not, Ohio, before the Civil War. Some residents of Cincinnati played a major role in abolitionism. Many fugitive slaves used the Ohio River at Cincinnati to escape to the North. Cincinnati had numerous stations on the Underground Railroad, as well as slave catchers.
In 1829, a riot broke out as anti-abolitionists attacked blacks in the city. As a result, 1,200 blacks left the city and resettled in Canada. The riot and its refugees were a topic of discussion throughout the nation, and at the first Negro Convention held in 1830 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Riots also occurred in 1836 and 1841. In 1836, a mob of 700 anti-abolitionists again attacked black neighborhoods, as well as a press run by James M. Birney, publisher of the anti-slavery weekly "The Philanthropist." Tensions further increased after passage in 1850 of the Fugitive Slave Act.
Harriet Beecher Stowe lived in Cincinnati for a time, met escaped slaves, and used their stories as a basis for her watershed novel "Uncle Tom's Cabin". Levi Coffin made the Cincinnati area the center of his anti-slavery efforts in 1847. Today, the National Underground Railroad Freedom Center, located on the Cincinnati riverfront in the middle of "The Banks" area between Great American Ballpark and Paul Brown Stadium, commemorates this era.
Cincinnati has historically been predominantly white. In 1940, the Census Bureau reported Cincinnati's population as 12.2% black and 87.8% white.
In the second half of the 20th century, Cincinnati, along with other rust belt cities, underwent a vast demographic transformation. Predominately white, working-class families that had filled the urban core during the European immigration boom in the 19th century moved to the suburbs. Blacks, fleeing the oppression of the Jim Crow South in hopes of better socioeconomic opportunity, filled these older city neighborhoods. Racial tensions boiled over in 1968 with the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. when riots occurred in Cincinnati along with nearly every major U.S. city. In April 2001, racially charged riots occurred after police shot and killed a black man, Timothy Thomas during a foot pursuit.
Crime.
The largest law enforcement agency in the region is the Cincinnati Police Department, with more than 1,000 sworn officers. The Hamilton County Sheriff operates the Hamilton County Justice Center, the county jail.
Before the riot of 2001, Cincinnati's overall crime rate was dropping steadily and had reached its lowest point since 1992. After the riot, violent crime increased, and in 2005 Cincinnati was ranked as the 20th most dangerous city in America. The police force "work slowdown" correlated with this increase. For the first four months of 2007, incidents of violent crime were 15.3 percent lower than they had been in the first four months of 2006. Children's Hospital saw a 78 percent decrease in gunshot wounds, and University Hospital had a 17 percent drop. In May and June 2006, together with the Hamilton County Sheriff, the Cincinnati Police Department created a task force of twenty deputies in Over-the-Rhine that helped reduce crime in downtown Cincinnati by 29% . This substantial decrease had still not reduced crime to levels before the 2001 riots.
The city attempted to reduce gun violence by using the Out of the Crossfire program at University Hospital, a rehabilitation program for patients with gunshot wounds. Mayor Mark Mallory is a member of the Mayors Against Illegal Guns Coalition, a bi-partisan group with a stated goal of "making the public safer by getting illegal guns off the streets." 2007 saw 68 homicides, nearly a 25% drop from 2006; however, this was still higher than homicide figures in the year 2000. By May 2008, violent crime was down by 12% compared to the same period in 2007; however, by year end, homicides increased 10% from the 2007. As of December 12, 2009 there had been 60 homicides in the city of Cincinnati. In 2009, the CQ Press ranked Cincinnati the 19th most dangerous city in the United States.
In 2010, there were 72 reported homicides. This decreased to 66 reported homicides the next year, and then to 53 in 2012. In 2013, homicide rate saw 41% increase from 2012 with 75.
Demographics.
For several decades the Census Bureau had been reporting a steady decline in the city's population. But according to the Census Bureau's 2006 estimates, the population was 332,252, representing an increase from 331,310 in 2005. Despite the fact that this change was due to an official challenge by the city however, Mayor Mark Mallory has repeatedly argued that the city's population is actually at 378,259 after a drill-drown study was performed by an independent, non-profit group based in Washington, D.C.
The Cincinnati-Middletown−Wilmington Metropolitan Statistical Area has a population of 2,155,137 people, making it the 24th largest MSA in the country. It includes the Ohio counties of Hamilton, Butler, Warren, Clermont, and Brown, as well as the Kentucky counties of Boone, Bracken, Campbell, Gallatin, Grant, Kenton, and Pendleton, and the Indiana counties of Dearborn, Franklin, and Ohio.
2010 census.
As of the census of 2010, there were 296,943 people, 133,420 households, and 62,319 families residing in the city. The population density was . There were 161,095 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 49.3% White, 44.8% African American, 0.3% Native American, 1.8% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 1.2% from other races, and 2.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.8% of the population.
There were 133,420 households of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 23.2% were married couples living together, 19.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 53.3% were non-families. 43.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 3.00.
The median age in the city was 32.5 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 14.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 10.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.
2000 census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 331,285 people, 148,095 households, and 72,566 families residing in the city. The population density was 4,249.0 people per square mile (1,640.5/km²). There were 166,012 housing units at an average density of 2,129.2 per square mile (822.1/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 52.97% White, 42.92% African American, 0.21% Native American, 1.55% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.63% from other races, and 1.68% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latinos of any race were 1.28% of the population. The top 4 largest ancestries include German (19.8%), Irish (10.4%), English (5.4%), Italian (3.5%).
There were 148,095 households out of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 26.6% were married couples living together, 18.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.0% were non-families. 42.8% of all households were made up of individuals and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 3.02.
In the city the population was spread out with 24.5% under 18, 12.9% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 89.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $29,493, and the median income for a family was $37,543. Males had a median income of $33,063 versus $26,946 for females. The per capita income for the city was $19,962. About 18.2% of families and 21.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 32.0% of those under age 18 and 14.8% of those age 65 or over.
Economy.
Cincinnati is home to many major and diverse corporations such as Procter & Gamble, The Kroger Company, Macy's, Inc. (owner of Macy's and Bloomingdale's), Benziger Brothers, American Financial Group, First Group, Convergys, Omnicare, Great American Insurance Company, Fifth Third Bank, Western & Southern Financial Group, The E. W. Scripps Company, Cincom Systems, Cincinnati Bell, Dunnhumby USA, and Kao Corporation's United States division.
The Cincinnati area is also home to Ashland Inc. (neighboring city of Covington), General Cable Corporation (suburb of Highland Heights), GE Aviation (suburb of Evendale), United States Playing Card Company (suburb of Erlanger), Cintas (suburb of Mason), AK Steel Holding (suburb of West Chester), Cincinnati Financial (suburb of Fairfield), Columbia Sussex (suburb of Crestview Hills) and Sunny Delight Beverages Co. (suburb of Blue Ash). Toyota also has many operations in the Cincinnati area with U.S. headquarters of Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America (suburb of Erlanger) and Toyota Boshoku America.
Altogether, nine Fortune 500 companies and fifteen Fortune 1000 companies are headquartered in the Cincinnati area. With nine Fortune 500 company headquarters in Cincinnati, the region ranks in the nation's Top 10 markets for number of Fortune 500 headquarters per million residents, higher than New York, Boston, Chicago or Los Angeles. In addition to Fortune 500 headquarters, 400 Fortune 500 companies have a presence in Cincinnati. Cincinnati has three Fortune Global 500 companies; three of the five Global 500 companies in the state of Ohio.
The largest employer in Cincinnati is the Kroger, with 17,000 employees. University of Cincinnati is the second largest, with 15,162 employees.
Education.
The Cincinnati Public School (CPS) district includes 16 high schools accepting students on a city-wide basis. The district includes public Montessori schools, including the first public Montessori high school established in the United States, Clark Montessori. Cincinnati Public Schools' top rated school is Walnut Hills High School, ranked 34th on Newsweek's list of best public schools. Walnut Hills offers 28 Advanced Placement courses, highly ranked athletic teams, a wind ensemble that has performed in Carnegie Hall, and its marching band has performed in the London New Year's Day Parade. Cincinnati is also home to the first Kindergarten - 12th Grade Arts School in the country, The School for Creative and Performing Arts.
The Cincinnati area has one of the highest private school attendance rates in the United States; Hamilton County ranks second only to St. Louis County, Missouri among the country's 100 largest counties.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cincinnati accounts for numerous high schools in metro Cincinnati; ten of which are single-sex: four all-male, and six all-female. Cincinnati is also home to the all-girl RITSS (Regional Institute for Torah and Secular Studies) high school, a small Orthodox Jewish institution and the Hebrew Union College- Jewish Institute of Religion (HUC-JIR) founded by Isaac Mayer Wise.
Cincinnati is home to the University of Cincinnati and Xavier University. The University of Cincinnati, often referred to as "UC", is one of the United States' major graduate research institutions in engineering, music, architecture, classical archaeology, and psychology. The University of Cincinnati Medical Center is highly regarded, as well as the College Conservatory of Music, which has many notable alumni, including Kathleen Battle, Al Hirt and Faith Prince. Xavier, a Jesuit university, was at one time affiliated with The Athenaeum of Ohio, the seminary of the Cincinnati Archdiocese.
The Greater Cincinnati area has Miami University (one of the original "Public Ivies"), and Northern Kentucky University campus in Highland Heights, Kentucky, SSE of downtown. NKU is connected with downtown Cincinnati via the radiating-spoke interstate system: Daniel Carter Beard Bridge and I-471 which puts this newest public university of Commonwealth of Kentucky within convenient reach of the Cincinnati city population. Antonelli College, a career training school, is based in Cincinnati with several satellite campuses in Ohio and Mississippi. Cincinnati State is a community college which includes the Midwest Culinary School. Also located in Cincinnati are Cincinnati Christian University, and Chatfield College, a Catholic two-year college, located in Downtown.
In 2009, Cincinnati was listed fourth on CNN's Top 10 cities for new grads.
The city also has an extensive library system, both public and university. The Public Library of Cincinnati and Hamilton County is the third largest public library nationally.
Arts and culture.
Cincinnati's culture is influenced by its history of German and Irish immigration and its geographical position on the border of the Southern United States and Midwestern United States. Cincinnati was a major destination for German immigrants. In 1830, residents of German roots made up 5 percent of the population, ten years later the number rose to 30 percent. By 1900, over 60 percent of its population was of German background.
Cincinnati's Jewish community was developed by immigrants from England and Germany who made the city a center of Reform Judaism.
Cincinnati is identified with several unique foods. "Cincinnati chili" is commonly served by several independent chains, including Skyline Chili, Gold Star Chili, Price Hill Chili, Empress Chili, Camp Washington Chili, and Dixie Chili and Deli. Cincinnati has been called the "Chili Capital of America" and "the World" because it has more chili restaurants per capita than any other city in the nation or world. Goetta is a meat product popular in Cincinnati consisting of sausage and pinhead oatmeal, usually fried and eaten as a breakfast food. Cincinnati also has many gourmet restaurants. Until 2005, when the restaurant closed, The Maisonette carried the distinction of being Mobil Travel Guide's longest running five-star restaurant in the country for 41 consecutive years. Jean-Robert de Cavel has opened four new restaurants in the area since 2001, including Jean-Robert's at Pigall's which closed in March 2009. Cincinnati's German heritage is evidenced by the many restaurants that specialize in schnitzels and Bavarian cooking. Another element of German culture remains audible in the local vernacular; some residents use the word "please" when asking a speaker to repeat a statement. This usage is taken from the German word for please, "bitte" (a shortening of the formal, "Wie bitte?" or "How please?" rendered word for word from German into English), which is used in this sense.
Findlay Market is Ohio's oldest continuously operated public market and one of Cincinnati's most famous institutions. The market is the last remaining market among the many that once served Cincinnati.
In August 2008, "Forbes" magazine ranked Cincinnati as tenth in a list of "America's Hard-Drinking Cities".
Theatre.
Theatre has existed professionally in Cincinnati since at least as early as the 1800s and is as vibrant as ever in the city itself and its surrounding suburbs. A few of the professional companies based in Cincinnati include Ensemble Theatre Cincinnati, Cincinnati Shakespeare Company, the Know Theatre of Cincinnati, Stage First Cincinnati, Cincinnati Public Theatre, Cincinnati Opera, The Performance Gallery and Clear Stage Cincinnati. The city is also home to Cincinnati Playhouse in the Park which hosts many regional premiers and the Aronoff Center which plays host to many traveling Broadway shows each year via Broadway Across America. The city also is home to numerous community theatres such as the Cincinnati Young People's Theatre, the Showboat Majestic (which is the last surviving showboat in the United States and possibly the world), and the Mariemont Players along with other community theatres.
Festivals.
Cincinnati is home to numerous festivals and events throughout the year, including:
The city plays host to numerous musical and theater operations, operates a park system currently ranked 4th in the country boasting that any city resident is within of a park, and has a diverse dining culture. Cincinnati's Fountain Square serves as one of the cultural cornerstones of the region. The city was the United States' first hoster of the World Choir Games in 2012. The city is home to several large performing arts venues, including the Cincinnati Music Hall and Aronoff Center for the Performing Arts (which features Procter & Gamble Hall, Jarson-Kaplan Theatre and Fifth-Third Bank Theatre).
Livability.
Cincinnati has received accolades for its quality of life:
Media and music.
Cincinnati is served by "The Cincinnati Enquirer", a daily newspaper. The city is home to several alternative, weekly, and monthly publications, as well as twelve television stations and many radio stations. Free weekly print magazine publications include "CityBeat" and "Metromix", which have a local events and entertainment focus.
"A Rage in Harlem" was filmed entirely in the Cincinnati neighborhood of Over the Rhine because of its similarity to 1950s Harlem. Movies that were filmed in part in Cincinnati include "The Best Years of Our Lives" (aerial footage early in the film), "Ides of March", "Fresh Horses", "The Asphalt Jungle" (the opening is shot from the Public Landing and takes place in Cincinnati although only Boone County, Kentucky is mentioned), "Rain Man", "Airborne", "Grimm Reality", "Little Man Tate", "City of Hope", "An Innocent Man", "Tango & Cash", "A Mom for Christmas", "Lost in Yonkers", "Summer Catch", "Artworks", "Dreamer", "Elizabethtown", "Jimmy and Judy", "Eight Men Out", "Milk Money","Traffic", "The Pride of Jesse Hallam", "The Great Buck Howard", "In Too Deep", "Seven Below" "Public Eye", "The Last Late Night", and "The Mighty". In addition, "Wild Hogs" is set, though not filmed, in Cincinnati.
The Cincinnati skyline was prominently featured in the opening and closing sequences of the daytime drama "The Edge of Night" from its start in 1956 until 1980, when it was replaced by the Los Angeles skyline; the cityscape was the stand-in for the show's setting, Monticello. Procter & Gamble, the show's producer, is based in Cincinnati. The sitcom "WKRP in Cincinnati" and its sequel/spin-off "The New WKRP in Cincinnati" featured the city's skyline and other exterior shots in its credits, although was not filmed in Cincinnati. The city's skyline has also appeared in an April Fool's episode of "The Drew Carey Show", which was set in Carey's hometown of Cleveland. 3 Doors Down's music video "It's Not My Time" was filmed in Cincinnati, and features the skyline and Fountain Square. Also, "Harry's Law", the NBC legal dramedy created by David E. Kelley and starring Kathy Bates, was set in Cincinnati.
Cincinnati has given rise to popular musicians and singers Doris Day, Dinah Shore, Fats Waller, Rosemary Clooney, The Students, Bootsy Collins, The Isley Brothers, Merle Travis, Hank Ballard, Otis Williams, Mood, Midnight Star, The Afghan Whigs, Over the Rhine, Blessid Union of Souls, ONE38, Freddie Meyer, Popeye Maupin, 98 Degrees, The Greenhornes, The Deele, Enduser, Heartless Bastards, The Dopamines, Adrian Belew, The National, Foxy Shazam, Why?, FlowHio, and Walk the Moon, and alternative hip hop producers, Hi-Tek, FEE and Synthinnati call the Greater Cincinnati region home.
Andy Biersack, the lead vocalist for the rock band Black Veil Brides, was born in Cincinnati.
WCET channel 48, now known as CET, is the nation's oldest licensed public television station (License #1, issued in 1951).
The Cincinnati May Festival Chorus is an amateur choir that has been in existence since 1880. Music Director James Conlon and Chorus Director Robert Porco lead the Chorus through an extensive repertoire of classical music. The May Festival Chorus is the mainstay of the oldest continuous choral festival in the Western Hemisphere. Cincinnati's Music Hall was built specifically to house the May Festival. The city is home to the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, Cincinnati Opera, Cincinnati Boychoir and Cincinnati Ballet. The Greater Cincinnati area is also home to several regional orchestras and youth orchestras, including the Starling Chamber Orchestra and the Cincinnati Symphony Youth Orchestra.
The Hollows series of books by Kim Harrison is an urban fantasy that takes place in Cincinnati. American Girl's "Kit Kittredge" sub-series also took place in the city, although the was shot in Toronto.
Cincinnati also has its own chapter (or "Tent") of "The Sons of the Desert (The Laurel and Hardy Appreciation Society)", which meets several times per year.
A previous mayor of Cincinnati, Mark Mallory, was featured on CBS's "Undercover Boss".
The Cincinnati Police Department was featured on TLC's "Police Women of Cincinnati" and on A&E's reality show "The First 48".
Sports.
Cincinnati has seven major sports venues, two major league teams, six minor league teams, and five college institutions with their own sports teams. It is home to baseball's Reds, who were named for America's first professional baseball team, the Cincinnati Red Stockings; the Bengals of the National Football League; and the historic international men's and women's tennis tournament, The A.T.P. Masters Series Cincinnati Masters. The most notable minor league team is the Cincinnati Cyclones, a AA level professional hockey team. The team is a member of the ECHL. Founded in 1990, the team first played their games in the Cincinnati Gardens and now play at U.S. Bank Arena. They are the reigning ECHL Kelly Cup Champions, having won the 2010 Kelly Cup Finals in five games over the Idaho Steelheads, and currently enjoy their 2nd championship reign in three seasons. It is also home to three professional soccer teams, two outdoor teams, the Cincinnati Kings (men's) and Cincinnati LadyHawks (women's), and one indoor team, the Cincinnati Excite (men's). On Opening Day, Cincinnati has the distinction of holding the "traditional opener" in baseball each year, due to its baseball history. Many children in Cincinnati skip school on Opening Day, which is commonly thought of as a city holiday.
Fans often refer to the city and its teams as "Cincy" for short. Even the Reds' official website uses that name frequently.
Transportation.
Public transit.
Cincinnati is served by the Southwest Ohio Regional Transit Authority (SORTA), the Transit Authority of Northern Kentucky (TANK) and the Clermont Transportation Connection. SORTA and TANK primarily operate 40 foot diesel buses, though some lines are served by longer articulated or hybrid engine buses.
Cincinnati is served by Amtrak's Cardinal line which makes three weekly trips in each direction between Chicago and New York City through Cincinnati Union Terminal.
Cincinnati is also currently constructing a streetcar line in Downtown and Over-the-Rhine. The Cincinnati Streetcar is a modern streetcar system designed to link major employment centers in Downtown and Uptown, connecting through Cincinnati's historic Over-the-Rhine neighborhood. It will operate 18 hours a day, 365 days a year.
Bridges.
The city has a river ferry and many bridges, particularly between Downtown and Northern Kentucky, including John Roebling's Roebling Suspension Bridge, which was what his more famous Brooklyn Bridge was modeled after, the Brent Spence Bridge for I-71 and I-75, the "Big Mac" bridge (pictured right), and the pedestrian-only Purple People Bridge.
The Anderson Ferry has been in continuous operation since 1817.
Airports.
The city is served by Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport (IATA: CVG) 13 miles southeast and across the river in Hebron, Kentucky. The airport was the longtime major hub for Delta Airlines from the 1980s until the mid-2000s.
Other area airports include Lunken Airport, a municipal airfield used for smaller business jets and private planes; the Butler County Regional Airport, located between Fairfield and Hamilton, and a smaller airport located in Harrison, Ohio.
Highways.
The city has an outer-belt, Interstate 275 (which is the longest circle highway in the country), and a spur to Interstate 471 in Kentucky. It is also served by Interstate 71, Interstate 74, Interstate 75 and numerous U.S. highways: US 22, US 25, US 27, US 42, US 50, US 52, and US 127.
Sister cities.
Cincinnati has nine sister cities.

</doc>
<doc id="18522620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522620" title="Kyushu Ryukoku Junior College">
Kyushu Ryukoku Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18522636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522636" title="Robert Larsen (boxer)">
Robert Larsen (boxer)

Robert Carlo Larsen (June 21, 1898 – September 14, 1981) was a Danish boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Hjørring.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the heavyweight class after losing his fight to Henk de Best.

</doc>
<doc id="18522637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522637" title="The Parachute Years">
The Parachute Years

The Parachute Years: 1977-1981 is a compilation album 7 CD box set by John Zorn. It features recordings of Zorn's game pieces originally released as self-produced albums on the Parachute label as well as previously unreleased performances. All of the discs in this box set have been subsequently given their own releases on Zorn's Tzadik label. 
The first two discs feature Zorn's 1977 composition "Lacrosse". The first disc was recorded at WKCR in June 1978 and features Mark Abbott, Polly Bradfield, Eugene Chadbourne, and LaDonna Smith and Zorn on 6 different takes of "Lacrosse". Takes 3, 4 and 6 were originally released on the Parachute Records double LP "School" (1978). The second disc is the original recording of "Lacrosse" which was made by Eugene Chadbourne, Henry Kaiser, Bruce Ackley, and Zorn (dubbed "Twins") in San Francisco, California in June 1977. The third disc features 17 takes (four electric and thirteen acoustic) of the composition "Hockey". Five of these takes were first released on vinyl on Parachute Records in 1980, (tracks 4-9), along with "Pool" which features on disc four. The final three discs feature Zorn's "Archery" composition in previously unreleased rehearsal takes and versions released on Parachute Records in 1982.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Joslyn Layne awarded the album 4 stars stating "This box set is for dedicated fans already intrigued by the early annals of Zorn and his musical game theories. However, Zorn skeptics and listeners with less patience for theory (or history) should definitely avoid The Parachute Years. This set will not win anyone over; nor will the theories become more clear upon listening. The recordings in The Parachute Years helped the participants -- inspired and creative musicians, all -- to grow, but they also have more historical value than listening interest.".

</doc>
<doc id="18522653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522653" title="The Tearjerkers">
The Tearjerkers

The Tearjerkers are a five piece power pop band from Northern Ireland. Formed at the height of the punk rock boom in Ulster in the late 1970s, the band were composed of members from other Northern Irish groups namely Cobra, Midnight Cruiser and The Detonators.
Personnel.
Paul Maxwell (lead vocal)
Paul McIlwaine (guitars)
Brian Rawson (guitars, backing vocals)
Howard Ingram (bass guitar, backing vocal and occasional lead vocal)
Nigel Hamilton (drums)
Career.
Their first single was issued on Terry Hooley's Belfast punk record label, Good Vibrations. Drummer/manager, Nigel Hamilton, along with his partner, Elizabeth McCann, organised a tour for the Good Vibrations label, which took other leading punk bands Rudi and The Outcasts on tour with the Tearjerkers all over Northern Ireland. The Tearjerkers were offered a recording contract with Phonogram's Back Door label, and issued their second single, "Murder Mystery" produced by John Astley (producer of The Who and Pete Townshend's then brother in law) and Phil Chapman. This single scored minor hit status in Belgium, France and Sweden as well as reaching No.74 in the UK charts. The Tearjerkers recorded two sessions for BBC Radio One's John Peel Show, and also received extensive airplay on Belfast's Downtown Radio and RTE's Dave Fanning show.
With the death of the entertainment industry following the Miami Showband massacre, the Tearjerkers became prime movers in re-opening several concert venues and almost single-handedly creating the late 70s/early 80s contemporary band touring circuit within Northern Ireland.
The band travelled to England to start recording their follow up single, and recorded "Comic Book Heroes", "Fingers" and "Can't You See" with Chris "Merrick" Hughes (Adam and the Ants drummer) and Hugh Jones (Echo and the Bunnymen producer). These tracks were issued on the Mercury record label in the United States on the compilation album, "Thru The Back Door". The Tearjerkers also record another three tracks with Laurence Juber at Radio Luxembourg's London Studios before returning to Northern Ireland where further tracks, some self-produced, were readied for their debut album (provisionally entitled 'The Grey Album')
'We'd always been influenced by black music, incredibly so, much more than we were influenced by punk rock. Its influence is like dirty great fingerprints all over our recordings if you listen for them. Fontella Bass, Motown...we'd spend hours trying to get that Stax snare sound. When it came to the album, it wasn't a purely 'white' album and definitely not a 'black' album, although heavily influenced by black acts. I suppose we were pitching it as The Temptations on amphetamines'. So that's how it got the working title' (Howard Ingram)
The Tearjerkers continued to tour relentlessly across Ireland and England on their own, or as a support act to others including Thin Lizzy, Dexys Midnight Runners, Doll by Doll and Rachel Sweet. They were ably assisted by their Roadie/Manager, Malcolm Ostermeyer
Following an incident at a press reception in Kilkenny for Thin Lizzy, it was decided that it was in the band's best interests if manager/drummer Nigel Hamilton left immediately following the tour. His replacement was Johnny Lee (ex-Blue Steam).The band recorded more demos at the behest of the label, and travelled to London to play a series of dates and headline a night in London's Venue nightclub, sponsored by the Irish Tourist Board. This tour was captured on tape, and has been released as a free mini album on the band's website. Shortly after playing one of their biggest gigs in Bundoran, County Donegal the band split up, with Paul McIlwaine, Greg Lindsay and Paul Maxwell forming a new band, Etc. Etc.
Brian Rawson went to London to join Jim Lyttle (Pretty Boy Floyd, Rogue Male) in his new band, and they recorded a three track demo in Alvic Studios with Jimmy Bain (Rainbow, Dio) producing and playing bass guitar on the track, "Rough, Tough and Pretty Too". Rawson also spent some time with Brian Connolly's new incarnation of Sweet, prior to emigrating to the United States for several years.
Howard Ingram would found the Blue Rhythm Audio record label, releasing numerous projects by second wave Northern Irish bands, including the Vedettes, Sample and Hold and Shock Treatment, as well as solo recordings. Blue Rhythm operated between 1981-1983. He subsequently founded another record label that specialised in electronic music and it continues to exist today, albeit in a somewhat haphazard manner. One of Blue Rhythm's releases was the posthumous Tearjerkers single, issued under the name Paul West and His Mood (due to contractual issues), the Ingram/Maxwell penned 'Where's Julie?'
Hamilton would subsequently revive The Tearjerkers name to release the single "Fool" and "Comic Book Heroes" as a double A-sided single in 1982, for Dublin's Vixen label, with Brian Rawson guesting on guitar and Janine Mullally on lead vocals.
In recent years there has been a revival of interest in the band's work, with Japanese pop bands covering their music, and several invitations to tour Japan having been offered (and rejected), as well as offers to play the UK's premier punk festival, Rebellion. 'I think, fortunately, we're all in a place where we don't need or want that. It's different people living a previous life. It would require an awful lot of zeroes on the end to tempt me to pick up a posing pole again. I've no interest. I think there's something a bit sad about blokes from that era reviving their hits. Receding hairlines and expanding waistlines and some grim effort to recapture their youth. No, I've definitely no interest in strapping on a bass ever again' (Howard Ingram)
Several officially sanctioned albums have been released (in Japan) as well as a slew of top quality live bootlegs.

</doc>
<doc id="18522677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522677" title="Sawin, Lublin Voivodeship">
Sawin, Lublin Voivodeship

Sawin is a settlement in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sawin. It lies approximately north of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.<BR>
<BR>
The settlement has a population of 2,181.
Jewish Community.
The first Jewish synagogue was built in Sawin on Brzeskiej Street in the early 1880s. A second synagogue was built in 1925 when the
611 Jews living in the village represented 48% of total population. There were 882 Jews living in the village at the start of WWII. They included 157 traders and salesmen, 75 craftsmen, and 250 laborers. 
The Jewish cemetery on the outskirts of the village, on a street called Chuteckiej, was vandalized in 1943. In 1999, Mordechai Holcblat, a Sawin native living in Israel, rectified a wooden fence. In 2001, Philip Goldstejn, a Sawin native from Canada, and Mr. Holcblat from Israel created a Holocaust memorial on stone brought from Israel. They had the cemetery cleaned and the remaining gravestones were reset.
The Holocaust.
The Nazis destroyed both synagogues and created a slave labor camp in November 1940 for local Jews and others from Krakow, Czechoslovakia, France, Austria, and Yugoslavia. They built drainage ditches and later were sent to extermination camps. Sawin's labor camp was closed on December 9, 1943, marching prisoners to Sobibor. 
Sawin was the site of a Jewish forced labor camp established by the Germans for the purpose of improving water for the area. This camp had between 700 and 800 Jewish workers.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522683" title="Journal of Southeast Asian Studies">
Journal of Southeast Asian Studies

The Journal of Southeast Asian Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering scholarly studies on Southeast Asia (Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, East Timor, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam). It publishes articles from a wide range of disciplines in the humanities and social sciences. The journal's extensive book review section includes works in Southeast Asian languages.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the International Bibliography of Periodical Literature, International Bibliography of Book Reviews of Scholarly Literature, FRANCIS, Arts and Humanities Citation Index and the Social Sciences Citation Index.

</doc>
<doc id="18522684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522684" title="Carver High School (North Carolina)">
Carver High School (North Carolina)

Carver High School is a traditional public high school located in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, United States. It serves students in grade levels 9, 10, 11, and 12 as part of the Winston-Salem/Forsyth County Schools system. This historically black school was named for George Washington Carver. The school colors are blue and gold and the mascot is the yellow jacket.
There are an estimated total of about 966 students that attend Carver High School and 94 staff members. Over 100 of these students attend the Career Center in Winston-Salem to take alternate courses not offered at this school.
History.
Carver School was founded in 1936 as an African American school for all grade levels. In 1963 Carver became an integrated school serving grade levels 7-12. Carver School became Carver High School a few years later in 1971, changing to only grades 9 and 10. As of 1984 when changes were made, Carver High School has been a traditional high school serving grades 9-12.
Shooting.
At the school on August 30, 2013, at 2:30 PM, a 15-year-old student was shot three times in the neck and shoulder. The student was hospitalized with non-life-threatening injuries. An 18-year-old student was arrested by a school resource officer and was charged with assault with a deadly weapon inflicting serious injury, and four firearms-related charges. He faces up to 14 years in prison. The victim said that he was not familiar with the suspect, and that the shooting may have been a case of mistaken identity.
Achievements.
Carver High School currently holds the record for the most students in Forsyth County to be signed up for the It's My Call program. This program promotes a commitment to a healthy and drug-free lifestyle.
The Carver Drill Team, one of the many extra curricular activities is the JROTC program offers. The CHS JROTC has held numerous top placements in not only the Eastern Region Championships, but in the National High School Drill Team Championships as well. In the 2007 Army Eastern Region Championships the team, led by SGM Olden Bryant (Instructor) and LTC Tyler Smith(Drill Team Commander), placed first in Armed Exhibition with a score never before achieved by any team in this level of competition.
In Football, Carver High School has won 11 conference championships (1988, 1990, 1991, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2005). The Football team were also Regional Champions in 1998 and 2002. They were NCHSAA 3-A Football State Champions in 1998 and 2002.
Organizations.
Carver has numerous organizations that allow students to form creative groups to serve their school and community. Carver Against Destructive Decisions in Youth (C.A.D.D.Y.) is one the largest and most active organizations. As a branch of the national SADD (Students Against Destructive Decisions), this organization works hard to promote a healthy lifestyle of good decisions and community service. Other organizations include the Drill Team, Colorguard, Raider Team, Drama Club, Crosby Scholars, Marching Band, Teen Forum, Student Council, Academic Team, Quill and Scroll, Serteen Club, Ebony Society, Gospel Choir, National Honor Society, We Mentor, Carver Ambassadors, "Visible Voice", Men of Distinction, Daughters of Destiny, "Courier" Staff, "Apiary" Staff, and a few others.
Sports.
CHS has sports teams that include Varsity Football, Junior Varsity (JV) Football, Varsity Cheerleaders, Junior Varsity Cheerleaders, Sweet Stingers, Flag Divas, Varsity Boys Basketball, Junior Varsity Boys Basketball, Varsity Girls Basketball, Junior Varsity Girls Basketball, Varsity Baseball, Junior Varsity Baseball, Softball, Volleyball, Indoor Track, Spring Track, Wrestling, Bowling, Golf, and Tennis.
Journalism.
The Carver High School newspaper is known as "The Courier". "Apiary", the school yearbook, released Volume XXIV of its publication at the end of the 2007-08 school year. "Visible Voice" is Carver High School's literary magazine that is published by students online. All of Carver's publications are worked on by student organizations under the guidance of teacher advisors.

</doc>
<doc id="18522687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522687" title="Georges Galinat">
Georges Galinat

Georges Galinat (born August 15, 1904, date of death unknown) was a French boxer. He competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924,Galinat was eliminated in the first round of the heavyweight class after losing his fight to Edward Greathouse.

</doc>
<doc id="18522691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522691" title="John Devereux">
John Devereux

John Devereux may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18522700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522700" title="Carlo Scotti">
Carlo Scotti

Carlo Scotti (born May 11, 1904, date of death unknown) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the heavyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Søren Petersen.

</doc>
<doc id="18522716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522716" title="Lee Valley Regional Park Authority">
Lee Valley Regional Park Authority

Lee Valley Regional Park Authority (LVRPA) is a statutory body that is responsible for managing and developing the long, Lee Valley Regional Park. The park was established by Parliament of the United Kingdom in 1967. The headquarters of the authority are in Myddelton House, Bulls Cross in the London Borough of Enfield, well known in the horticultural world for the gardens developed by E.A. Bowles (1865–1954) and still fully maintained and open to the public.
History.
The idea for a regional park was first suggested by Sir Patrick Abercrombie in his Greater London Plan of 1944. However, the plan remained dormant till 1961, when Alderman Lou Sherman, Mayor of Hackney took up the challenge to regenerate the Lea Valley. He persuaded 17 other local authorities to support him. In 1963 the Civic Trust was invited to make an appraisal of the Valley's resources, their report was positive. A bill was put to Parliament to establish the Lee Valley Regional Park Authority. Following Royal Assent to the Lee Valley Regional Park Bill in December 1966, the Authority was formally constituted on 1 January 1967.
Governance.
Lee Valley Regional Park Authority has an appointed board of 28 members. 20 of those are from riparian authorities (those whose borders are crossed by the park's boundaries) and a further eight are appointed through Local Councils to represent the remaining 27 London Boroughs.
Members are elected for a term of appointment of four years and continue in office for that period unless they resign or cease to be a councillor.
The Authority is overseen by an Executive Committee who assist the decision making processes of the board. The six person Executive Committee represents the diverse political and geographic backgrounds of the board, with half the members from London’s 33 boroughs and half from Essex and Hertfordshire.
Finance.
The park authority is in part funded by a levy (not a precept) on Council Tax bills in Essex, Greater London and Hertfordshire.
2012 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Lee Valley Regional Park Authority are owners of 35% of Olympic Parklands and four Olympic venues – the Lee Valley White Water Centre, the London Velopark and the Hockey and Tennis Centres on the Olympic Park. The Park Authority will operate and fund these venues after the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Paralympics are complete.

</doc>
<doc id="18522720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522720" title="Annopol, Chełm County">
Annopol, Chełm County

Annopol is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522726" title="Bielin, Lublin Voivodeship">
Bielin, Lublin Voivodeship

Bielin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522727" title="Dębinki">
Dębinki

Dębinki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522730" title="Ángel Puertas">
Ángel Puertas


</doc>
<doc id="18522731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522731" title="Dębinki, Lublin Voivodeship">
Dębinki, Lublin Voivodeship

Dębinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522733" title="Dryszczów">
Dryszczów

Dryszczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522737" title="Gałęzów">
Gałęzów

Gałęzów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522738" title="Gałęzów, Chełm County">
Gałęzów, Chełm County

Gałęzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żmudź, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522740" title="Kazimierówka">
Kazimierówka

Kazimierówka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522741" title="Kazimierówka, Chełm County">
Kazimierówka, Chełm County

Kazimierówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522742" title="Klesztów">
Klesztów

Klesztów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 87.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522743" title="Kolonia, Chełm County">
Kolonia, Chełm County

Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522746" title="Ksawerów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Ksawerów, Lublin Voivodeship

Ksawerów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522747" title="Leszczany">
Leszczany

Leszczany may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522749" title="Leszczany, Lublin Voivodeship">
Leszczany, Lublin Voivodeship

Leszczany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522750" title="Leszczany-Kolonia">
Leszczany-Kolonia

Leszczany-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522753" title="Lipinki, Chełm County">
Lipinki, Chełm County

Lipinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żmudź, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522756" title="Majdan, Gmina Żmudź">
Majdan, Gmina Żmudź

Majdan is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522757" title="Maziarnia">
Maziarnia

Maziarnia may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522758" title="Maziarnia, Chełm County">
Maziarnia, Chełm County

Maziarnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522761" title="Pacówka">
Pacówka

Pacówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522763" title="Pobołowice">
Pobołowice

Pobołowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522764" title="Pobołowice-Kolonia">
Pobołowice-Kolonia

Pobołowice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522766" title="Poczekajka, Gmina Żmudź">
Poczekajka, Gmina Żmudź

Poczekajka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522769" title="Podlaski, Lublin Voivodeship">
Podlaski, Lublin Voivodeship

Podlaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522770" title="Poręb">
Poręb

Poręb is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is around 15 km south-east of Siedlce and around 100 km east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522771" title="Puszcza, Lublin Voivodeship">
Puszcza, Lublin Voivodeship

Puszcza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522773" title="Roztoka, Lublin Voivodeship">
Roztoka, Lublin Voivodeship

Roztoka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 104.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522775" title="Roztoka-Kolonia">
Roztoka-Kolonia

Roztoka-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522777" title="Rudno, Chełm County">
Rudno, Chełm County

Rudno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522779" title="Stanisławów, Chełm County">
Stanisławów, Chełm County

Stanisławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522781" title="Stara Wieś, Chełm County">
Stara Wieś, Chełm County

Stara Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522785" title="Syczów">
Syczów

Syczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522786" title="Teresin, Gmina Żmudź">
Teresin, Gmina Żmudź

Teresin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522789" title="Birhanu Zerihun">
Birhanu Zerihun

Berhanu Zerihun (1933/4 – 1987) was an Ethiopian writer noted for his clear and crisp writing style, which contrasted against the more complex writing style popular in his time. While he started writing literature in school, Zerihun never wrote professionally until he became a journalist in 1959/1960. Initially he embarked on various literary pursuits, including novels such as "Ye'imba debdabbéwoch" ("Tearful Letters"), a collection of short stories titled "Birr ambar sebberelliwo" ("He Pierced the Hymen"), and writings dealing with Ethiopian political themes such as starvation. Among the latter genre, "Yetewodros Emba" and "Yetangut Mister" are noted works of historical fiction about Emperor Tewodros II. Birhanu has written several popular plays, but above all he is famous for his trilogy novel Ma'ebel Ye'abiot Wazema ("Wave on the eve of a revolution"), Ma'ebel Ye'abiot Mebacha ("Wave on the dawn of the revolution") and Ma'ebel Ye'abiot Magist ("Wave on the aftermath of the revolution"). These novels depicted and interpreted the structure of Ethiopian society during the Imperial era and after the Communist revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="18522790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522790" title="Wólka Leszczańska">
Wólka Leszczańska

Wólka Leszczańska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522791" title="Wołkowiany">
Wołkowiany

Wołkowiany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522793" title="Żmudź, Lublin Voivodeship">
Żmudź, Lublin Voivodeship

Żmudź is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Żmudź. It lies approximately south-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 663.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522794" title="Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant">
Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant

The Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant () is a nuclear power plant in Iran southeast of the city of Bushehr, between the fishing villages of Halileh and Bandargeh along the Persian Gulf.
Construction of the plant was started in 1975 by German companies, but the work was stopped in 1979 after the Islamic revolution of Iran. The site was repeatedly bombed during the Iran-Iraq war. Later, A contract for finishing the plant was signed between Iran and the Russian Ministry for Atomic Energy in 1995, with Russia's Atomstroyexport named as the main contractor. The work was delayed several years by technical and financial challenges as well as by political pressure from the West. After construction was again in danger of being stopped in 2007, a renewed agreement was reached in which the Iranians promised to compensate for rising costs and inflation after completion of the plant. Delivery of nuclear fuel started the same year. The plant started adding electricity to the national grid on 3 September 2011, and was officially opened in a ceremony on 12 September 2011, attended by Russian Energy Minister Sergei Shmatko and head of the Rosatom Sergei Kiriyenko.
The project is considered unique in terms of its technology, the political environment and the challenging physical climate. It is the first civilian nuclear power plant built in the Middle East. Several research reactors had been built earlier in the Middle East: two in Iraq, two in Israel, one in Syria and three in Iran.
There have been safety concerns about the Bushehr plant, associated with construction of the plant itself, aging equipment at the plant, and understaffing.
In August 2013, the head of Russian nuclear regulator Rosatom has said that state company will soon sign documents transferring operational control of the Bushehr nuclear power plant to Iran, and on September 23 of 2013, operational control was transferred.
History.
Inception.
The facility was the idea of the Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi. He wanted a national electrical grid powered by nuclear power plants. Bushehr would be the first plant, and would supply energy to the inland city of Shiraz. In August 1974, the Shah said, "Petroleum is a noble material, much too valuable to burn... We envision producing, as soon as possible, 23,000 megawatts (MW) of electricity using nuclear plants".
Construction by German companies.
In 1975, German Kraftwerk Union AG, a joint venture of Siemens AG and AEG Telefunken, signed a contract worth US$4–6 billion to build the pressurized water reactor nuclear power plant. The work was begun in the same year. The two 1,196 MWe reactors, subcontracted to ThyssenKrupp AG, were based on the Convoy design (see Konvoi (Kernkraftwerk) on the German Wikipedia) and identical with the second reactor unit of the German Biblis Nuclear Power Plant. The first reactor was to be finished by 1980 and the second one by 1981.
Kraftwerk Union was eager to work with the Iranian government because, as its spokesman said in 1976, "To fully exploit our nuclear power plant capacity, we have to land at least three contracts a year for delivery abroad. The market here is about saturated, and the United States has cornered most of the rest of Europe, so we have to concentrate on the third world."
Kraftwerk Union fully withdrew from the Bushehr nuclear project in July 1979, after work stopped in January 1979, with one reactor 50% complete, and the other reactor 85% complete. They said they based their action on Iran's non-payment of $450 million in overdue payments. The company had received $2.5 billion of the total contract. Their cancellation came after certainty that the Iranian government would unilaterally terminate the contract themselves, following the 1979 Iranian Revolution, which led to a crisis in Iran's relations with the West. Shortly afterwards, Iraq invaded Iran and the nuclear program was stopped until the end of the war.
In 1984, Kraftwerk Union did a preliminary assessment to see if it could resume work on the project, but declined to do so while the Iran–Iraq War continued. In April of that year, the U.S. State Department said, "We believe it would take at least two to three years to complete construction of the reactors at Bushehr." The spokesperson also said that the light water power reactors at Bushehr "are not particularly well-suited for a weapons program." The spokesman went on to say, "In addition, we have no evidence of Iranian construction of other facilities that would be necessary to separate plutonium from spent reactor fuel." The reactors were then damaged by multiple Iraqi air strikes from 1984 to 1988, during the Iran–Iraq War.
Continuation of work by Russia's Atomstroyexport.
In 1990, Iran began to look outwards towards partners for its nuclear program; however, due to a radically different political climate and punitive U.S. economic sanctions, few candidates existed.
A Russian–Iranian intergovernmental outline for construction and operation of two reactor units at Bushehr was signed on 25 August 1992. Two years later, Russian specialists toured the site for the first time to assess the damage done to the partially complete plant by the passage of time and by air raids during the Iran–Iraq War. The final contract between Iran and Russia's Ministry for Atomic Energy (Minatom) was signed on 8 January 1995. Russia's main contractor for the project, Atomstroyexport, would install a V-320 915 MWe VVER-1000 pressurized water reactor into the existing Bushehr I building, with commissioning originally expected in 2001.
Difficulties.
The Bushehr Nuclear Plant project is considered unique in terms of technology, the political environment and the challenging physical climate. Financial problems, inflation, and the need to integrate German and Russian technology have made the project difficult for the participants.
After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, the Russian government ended its subsidies to contractors building power plants for foreign customers, putting Atomstroyexport in financial difficulties. Another obstacle was the shortage of Russian engineers and technicians with suitable experience. The last nuclear plant built in the Soviet Union was the No. 6 reactor at Zaporizhzhya in Ukraine, which is why Ukrainian specialists were invited to work in Iran after they had finished the work at Zaporizhzhya.
The 1995 contract with Iran stipulated that a share of construction and installation jobs would be reserved for Iranian subcontractors. These companies were inexperienced and had been only minimally involved in the German project, which resulted in what should have been a one-year task taking over three years (1995–1997). Due to these difficulties, in 1998 Minatom pushed through an agreement that Atomstroyexport would finish the first reactor on its own. The agreement was signed on 29 August 1998 as an addendum to the main contract.
The extremely hot and humid climate of the Bushehr area, with significant amounts of brine in the air due to the proximity of the ocean, represented a special challenge for the construction. In such conditions, even stainless steel can rust, and a special painting technology had to be developed to protect the station's structural elements. In the summer the temperatures can reach . While the German companies worked at the site, the workers had a special clause in their contracts to allow them to stop working during the summer heat waves.
German engineers had left behind a total of 80,000 pieces of equipment and structural elements, with little technical documentation. The Iranian side insisted that the German hardware must be integrated in the Russian VVER-1000 design. Germany refused to help in the construction, mostly for political reasons, as Iran was under an embargo for nuclear plant components. Therefore, it was decided to take stock of the existing equipment using only Russian expertise.
The 1998 addendum to the construction contract put the final value of the project at just over $1 billion. After that, the sum was not adjusted for inflation, resulting in funding shortages which almost again halted work.
In 2001, several items for the NPP - in particular, the footing for the reactor and four 82-ton water tanks - were manufactured on Atommash, Russia's nuclear engineering flagship.
Revised contract.
In response to American and European pressure on Russia, a new revised agreement was reached in September 2006, under which fuel deliveries to Bushehr were scheduled to start in March 2007 and the plant was due to come on stream in September 2007 after years of delays. In February 2007, the work on the site faltered due to funding shortages, and Atomstroyexport reduced the number of employees working on the site from 3,000 to just 800. During subsequent negotiations, Atomstroyexport even contemplated pulling out of the project. In the end, an agreement was reached, under which the Iranians would compensate for the growing cost of equipment and engineering works once the reactor went live. A top Iranian nuclear official claimed that the Russians were deliberately delaying and politicising the project under European and American pressure.
Prior to the contract revision, the price was about a third that of a contemporary reactor, at just over $1 billion, reflecting the year of the original contract and that it was the first post-Soviet nuclear export order. Increased material costs and currency fluctuations had made completion at that price difficult.
According to Moscow Defense Brief, until 2005 Washington exerted considerable diplomatic pressure on Russia to stop the project, as the US administrations viewed it as evidence of Russia's indirect support for the alleged Iranian nuclear arms program. The United States also tried to persuade other countries to ban their companies from taking part. For example, Ukraine's Turboatom was to supply a turbine, but cancelled the deal after the US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright's visit to Kiev on 6 March 1998. The United States lifted its opposition to the project in 2005, partly due to the deal signed by Moscow and Tehran, under which spent fuel from the plant would be sent back to Russia.
Finishing the plant.
In 2007, according to Moscow Defense Brief, Russia made a strategic decision to finish the plant, and in December 2007 started to deliver nuclear fuel to the site. On 20 January 2008 a fourth Russian shipment of nuclear fuel arrived. Russia has pledged to sell 85 tons of nuclear fuel to the plant.
In March 2009, the head of Russia's state nuclear power corporation Rosatom, Sergei Kiriyenko, announced that Russia had completed the construction of the plant. A series of pre-launch tests were conducted after the announcement.
On 22 September 2009, it was reported that the first reactor was 96% complete and final testing would begin in the near future. In early October final testing was started. In January 2010, Kiriyenko announced to the public that the Bushehr reactor would be opening in the near-future, declaring 2010 the "year of Bushehr."
August 2010 fuel loading.
On 13 August 2010, Russia announced that fuel would be loaded into the plant beginning on 21 August, which would mark the beginning of the plant being considered an active nuclear facility. Within six months after the fuel loading, the plant was planned to be fully operational.
An official launch ceremony was held on 21 August 2010 as Iran began loading the plant with fuel. At the ceremony, Iranian nuclear chief Alki Akbar Salahei said:
Although they have opposed the project in the past, Western governments now stress that they have no objection to the demonstrably peaceful aspects of Iran's nuclear programme such as Bushehr, according to the BBC. Spokesman of the United States State Department, Darby Holladay, stated that the United States believes the reactor is designed to produce civilian nuclear power and does not view it as a proliferation risk.
On 27 November 2010, the head of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran declared that "All fuel assemblies have been loaded into the core of the reactor" and they were hoping that the facility "will hook up with the national grid in one or two months".
The plant is to be operated by Russian specialists. Russia also provides the nuclear fuel for the plant, and spent fuel is sent back to Russia. The Bushehr plant will satisfy about 2% of Iran's projected electricity consumption.
The former head of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence hailed Iran's launch as a positive move in the Muslim world, and he also said that an anti-Iran campaigns by the US and Israel stems from Iran's Islamic status. "Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant is a victory for Iran and indicates that Iranians do their best to achieve their peaceful objectives but the US and Israel are not ready to accept this achievement."
May 2011 sustained nuclear reaction.
In February 2011, Rosatom announced that one of the reactor’s four main cooling pumps, from the original German reactor, had suffered damage. Thoroughly cleaning the reactor of metal particles required the removal of the fuel core, resulting in a startup delay. The reactor achieved a sustained nuclear reaction at 11:12 on 8 May 2011 and ran at a minimum power level for final commissioning tests.
September 2011 connection to the grid.
The plant was connected to the national grid on 3 September 2011, and the official inauguration was held on 12 September. By the inauguration time the plant had the capacity to run at 40% capacity, while the full projected capacity of the first unit is 1,000 megawatts The opening ceremony was attended by Energy Minister of Russia Sergei Shmatko and head of the Russian Federal Atomic Energy Agency (Rosatom) Sergei Kiriyenko, AEOI Director Fereydoun Abbasi, Iranian Energy Minister Majid Namjou and a number of Iranian MPs.
Under the terms of Russia–Iran agreement, approved by the International Atomic Energy Agency, Russia will be responsible for operating the plant, supplying the nuclear fuel and managing the spent fuel for the next two or three years before passing full control to Iran. Before the plant will reach full capacity in November, it will be disconnected from the grid for several weeks to make a number of tests.
February 2012 almost full capacity.
Director Fereydoun Abbasi announced on 15 February that the Bushehr nuclear power plant had reached 75 percent of its power generation capacity. Abbasi was quoted "that hopefully the Bushehr plant will be connected to the national grid at its full capacity in late April."
August 2012 full capacity.
On 30 August at 18:47 local time, the power unit 1 was brought to 100 percent of its power generation capacity.
2013 Commercial power launch.
In September 2013, the Bushehr plant began producing power for the power grid. Small quakes in May 2013 did not cause serious damage 
Russian–Iranian relations.
The total cost of the project is estimated to be over €3 billion including the payments to both Russia and Germany. The original 1995 contract with the 1998 addendum was worth $1 billion and was not adjusted for inflation. Although in 2007 Iran agreed to compensate for the rising costs after the construction is finished, it is regarded that the possibility of the project turning a profit are remote. However, the project allowed the nuclear industry of Russia to preserve its expertise in times when funding was scarce, and until the sector started to receive orders from China and India.
According to Moscow Defense Brief, completion of the plant could become an indicator of Russia's credibility in large international high technology projects, and the successful integration of German and Russian technology could help the Russian nuclear industry in its ambitions to partner with foreign companies in building nuclear power plants in Russia and abroad.
Since Bushehr's nuclear reactor has been under construction by different firms and consultants, the constituent parts have also different origins. 24% of the parts are German in origin, 36% are Iranian-made while 40% are Russian-made.
Tehran and Moscow have established a joint venture to operate Bushehr because Iran has not yet had enough experience in maintaining such installations. However, Iran may begin almost all operational control of the reactor within two or three years.
A further two reactors of the same type are planned. The fourth unit was canceled.
An Iranian parliament member proposed paying the Russian women working in Bushehr to cover their heads. Russian women receive bonus pay if they keep their heads covered. An MP complained that women were taking the money and still not covering their heads.
Safety concerns.
The Center for Energy and Security Studies, a Moscow-based independent think tank, explained the construction delays of the plant as partly due to a "shortage of skilled Russian engineering and construction specialists with suitable experience". It also spoke of "frequent problems with quality and deadlines”. Aging equipment at the plant has also been a problem and, in February 2011, a 30-year-old German cooling pump broke, sending metal debris into the system. In 2010, the IAEA noted that the facility was understaffed.
Leaders from Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries have expressed fears that a serious nuclear accident at the Bushehr plant would spread radiation throughout the region. Bushehr is closer to six Arab capitals (Kuwait City, Riyadh, Manama, Doha, Abu Dhabi, and Muscat) than it is to Tehran. The government of Oman believes the plant presents no risk to Oman.
According to Kuwaiti geologist, Dr.Jassem al-Awadi, the plant is located at the junction of three tectonic plates. However the United States Geological Survey and NASA characterise the geology as near the boundary of two tectonic plates, the Arabian plate and the Eurasian plate. The plant is designed to withstand without serious damage a magnitude 8 earthquake, and survive up to magnitude 9.
A 2011 Natural Resources Defense Council report that evaluated the seismic hazard to reactors worldwide, as determined by the Global Seismic Hazard Assessment Program data, placed Busheher within the second group of 36 reactors within high seismic hazard areas, at lower risk than 12 reactors within very high seismic hazard areas in Japan and Taiwan.
Iran is with Israel one of the two countries in the world with significant nuclear activities not to ratify the 1994 Convention on Nuclear Safety, a system of peer review and mutual oversight, and it has been suggested that nuclear safety in Iran could benefit from Iran signing the convention.
In October 2012, the plant had to be shut down to limit damage after stray bolts were found beneath the fuel cells, contradicted Iran's earlier assurances that nothing unexpected had happened and that removing nuclear fuel from the plant was just routine.
Two diplomats claimed anonymously to press-agency AP, that recent earthquakes in April and May 2013 had caused a big crack in a wall of at least one of the buildings, the building that contains the reactor core however had no visible damage to it. Although spokesmen in Tehran argued earlier that the nuclear facility in Bushehr had suffered no damage during these earthquakes. The claims made by the anonymous diplomats have been refuted by Rosatom.

</doc>
<doc id="18522795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522795" title="Żmudź-Kolonia">
Żmudź-Kolonia

Żmudź-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18522800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522800" title="Adamów, Chełm County">
Adamów, Chełm County

Adamów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522803" title="Aleksandria Krzywowolska">
Aleksandria Krzywowolska

Aleksandria Krzywowolska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522806" title="Aleksandria Niedziałowska">
Aleksandria Niedziałowska

Aleksandria Niedziałowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522807" title="Bańkowszczyzna">
Bańkowszczyzna

Bańkowszczyzna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522812" title="Oyoge! Taiyaki-kun">
Oyoge! Taiyaki-kun


</doc>
<doc id="18522813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522813" title="Bieniów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Bieniów, Lublin Voivodeship

Bieniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522816" title="Czechów Kąt">
Czechów Kąt

Czechów Kąt is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522822" title="Elżbiecin, Chełm County">
Elżbiecin, Chełm County

Elżbiecin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is approximately west of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522824" title="Hruszów">
Hruszów

Hruszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522825" title="Kobyle">
Kobyle

Kobyle may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522826" title="Kobyle, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kobyle, Lublin Voivodeship

Kobyle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Rejowiec, south-west of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522828" title="Leonów">
Leonów

Leonów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522829" title="Leonów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Leonów, Lublin Voivodeship

Leonów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522831" title="Marynin, Gmina Rejowiec">
Marynin, Gmina Rejowiec

Marynin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522832" title="John Wheeler (cricketer)">
John Wheeler (cricketer)

John Wheeler (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made two known appearances in major cricket matches from 1773 to 1775.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="18522836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522836" title="Marysin, Gmina Rejowiec">
Marysin, Gmina Rejowiec

Marysin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rejowiec, south-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522837" title="Niedziałowice Drugie">
Niedziałowice Drugie

Niedziałowice Drugie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Rejowiec, south-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 129.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522839" title="Niedziałowice Pierwsze">
Niedziałowice Pierwsze

Niedziałowice Pierwsze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522841" title="Niemirów, Chełm County">
Niemirów, Chełm County

Niemirów is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The settlement has a population of 19.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522842" title="Rejowiec">
Rejowiec

Rejowiec may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522846" title="Hold Your Colour / Streamline">
Hold Your Colour / Streamline

"Hold Your Colour (Bipolar Vocal Mix)" is the fifth single taken from Australian Drum & Bass band Pendulum's debut album "Hold Your Colour", and their eighth single overall. It was released as a double A-side by Breakbeat Kaos on 6 March 2006 in the UK. The single features two tracks from the album – a remix of "Hold Your Colour" and "Streamline". The song "Hold Your Colour" features guest guitarist Andrew Goddard and bassist Jon Stockman of Perth band Karnivool. The Bipolar mix of "Hold Your Colour" was featured on the soundtrack of "FIFA Street 2".
According to Rob Swire, the intro vocal sample in "Hold Your Colour" ("Soaking through...") was taken from a track by Rob, Pendulum member Gareth McGrillen and ShockOne's old band Xygen. The track was titled "Lycaeum". Some lyrics from "Lycaeum" were used in "Hold Your Colour".
Track listing.
These are the formats and associated track listings of single releases of "Hold Your Colour" / "Streamline".
Digital single
12" vinyl single
CD single
Personnel.
The following people contributed to "Hold Your Colour" / "Streamline".

</doc>
<doc id="18522847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522847" title="Rejowiec, Lublin Voivodeship">
Rejowiec, Lublin Voivodeship

Rejowiec is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rejowiec. It lies approximately south-west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 2,114.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522850" title="Rybie">
Rybie

Rybie may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522851" title="Traffic Safety and the Driver">
Traffic Safety and the Driver

Traffic Safety and the Driver, is a book authored by Leonard Evans. 
Chapter headings.
While the data presented is in some regards dated, the concepts apply now as they did then. This book has been repeatedly referred to as a classic in the fields of traffic safety, vehicle safety, and crash prevention. It has been positively reviewed by most of the world's most influential technical journals in relevant fields.
"Traffic Safety and the Driver" is now largely eclipsed by the author's more recent book "Traffic Safety", which has received similarly enthusiastic reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="18522852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522852" title="Rybie, Lublin Voivodeship">
Rybie, Lublin Voivodeship

Rybie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Rejowiec, south-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522858" title="Siedliszczki, Chełm County">
Siedliszczki, Chełm County

Siedliszczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522860" title="Al Najaf International Airport">
Al Najaf International Airport

Al Najaf International Airport (IATA: NJF; ICAO: ORNI) is the airport serving Najaf, Iraq, and is located on the eastern side of the city. Formerly a military airbase, the facility consists of one asphalt runway long and wide. The airport is expanding to provide four departure gates, two arrival gates, immigration and passenger services.
On 20 July 2008 the Najaf Authorities hosted the ceremonial opening attended by the Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Al-Maliki who stepped out of the first official plane.
The Najaf Governorate represented by the Deputy Governor Abd al-Husayn Abtan and Najaf Investment Commission signed a Memorandum of Agreement dated 24 June 2008 with Al-Aqeelah Holding authorizing it for one year to finalize the construction of the airport and five years subject to renewal to manage the airport. Currently Aqeeq Aviation Holding a subsidiary of Al-Aqeelah Holding is overseeing this.
The construction phase comprises the construction of the VIP lounge, Arrival and Departure Halls, Taxiway, Air cargo, purchasing all airport equipments including Ground Handling Equipments, technical supplies, Navigation Aids, Dining Facilities and lodging sites for employees.
Since 2009, there is more airlines flied to Najaf, including Gulf Air, Middle East Airlines, Qatar Airways, Syrian Air and Turkish Airlines.

</doc>
<doc id="18522864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522864" title="Stary Majdan, Gmina Rejowiec">
Stary Majdan, Gmina Rejowiec

Stary Majdan is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has an approximate population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522865" title="Peponis">
Peponis

Peponis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18522867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522867" title="Wereszcze Duże">
Wereszcze Duże

Wereszcze Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 440.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522868" title="Wereszcze Małe">
Wereszcze Małe

Wereszcze Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522869" title="Wólka Rejowiecka">
Wólka Rejowiecka

Wólka Rejowiecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522873" title="Zagrody, Chełm County">
Zagrody, Chełm County

Zagrody is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522875" title="Zawadówka, Gmina Rejowiec">
Zawadówka, Gmina Rejowiec

Zawadówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522876" title="Tzur Moshe">
Tzur Moshe

Tzur Moshe (, "lit." Rock of Moshe) is a moshav in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain near Netanya, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 2,400.
The village was founded on 13 September 1937 by a group of 20 immigrants from Kastoria, Greece as part of the tower and stockade settlement programme. It was named after Moshe Kofinas, a Greek MP and president of the National Zionist Organisation in the country who had funded the purchase of part of the land (funds were also offered by the Carasso family from Thessaloniki), as well as for the Hasmonean city of Tzuran which was located in the area. 

</doc>
<doc id="18522877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522877" title="Zyngierówka">
Zyngierówka

Zyngierówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522897" title="Białystok, Lublin Voivodeship">
Białystok, Lublin Voivodeship

Białystok is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522900" title="Chłopiatyn">
Chłopiatyn

Chłopiatyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 163.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522901" title="Chochłów">
Chochłów

Chochłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522902" title="Ulrik Frederik Lange">
Ulrik Frederik Lange

Ulrik Frederik Lange (28 July 1808 – 8 September 1878) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1842 and 1845, while working as a headmaster in Tromsøe. He was then elected three more times, in 1854, 1857 and 1859, from the constituency "Lillehammer og Hamar". He worked as a school principal there. He was also mayor for some time.
Born in Jevnaker to Johan Jørgen Lange and Dorothea Helena Larsen, he was the younger brother of politicians Hans Nicolai and Otto Vincent Lange, brother-in-law of Nils Landmark and Even Hanssen and uncle of Johan Jørgen Lange Hanssen.
In March 1833 he married Stine Charlotte Cathrine Blix. They had seven children. He died in 1878 in Lillehammer.

</doc>
<doc id="18522903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522903" title="Tremble (film)">
Tremble (film)

Tremble is an independent short film, written, produced and directed by Australian filmmakers The Schelle Brothers, Ben Schelle and Matthew J Schelle. The film stars actor Danny Boyd as an old man trapped beneath the rubble and debris of the former Newcastle Worker's Club in the aftermath of the 1989 Newcastle Earthquake. Co-starring are actors Joe Brown, Ricky Bush and stand-up comedian Tim Bean. The film was a finalist at the 2008 Newcastle Shootout film festival, where it also received the award for Best Art Direction for its scenes depicting the devastation of the Worker's Club. The award was also won by the same filmmakers the previous year for their World War II comedy short, "The Night They Attacked Australia".
The film "Tremble" was shot on location at the Lock-Up Art Gallery in Newcastle, Australia, formerly the colonial Police Station and at the rebuilt Newcastle Worker's Club "(Newcastle Panthers)."
Plot.
"Tremble" is a poignant film which coincides with the upcoming 20th anniversary of the 1989 Newcastle Earthquake which claimed the lives of 13 people. The film opens with a staggering depiction of the collapsed Worker's Club, with shattered concrete beams, torn cables and twisted steelwork strewn over the club floor. In amongst the rubble are various Christmas decorations, the event having occurred only three days after the holidays. Stuck beneath a fallen poker machine is an Old Man, littered with debris, struggling to breathe and call out. Nearby is a still and seemingly lifeless arm wearing a beeping wristwatch. The film depicts the Old Man's attempt to stay alive whilst keeping the other unseen person buried in the rubble in contact. Intercut with these scenes are episodes depicting the rescue efforts of volunteers from the Police Rescue Squad and the State Emergency Service.
Production.
The film was made for the 10th annual Shootout Film Festival, which required that the film include a minimum of five items as proof that it was made within a specified timeframe.
The five items featured in "Tremble" included:
Themes.
The film is a running commentary on the themes of survival and communication, breaking down from alienation to isolation. This can be evidenced during the Earthquake scene itself, which occurs during a somewhat discordant phone call. The remainder of the film then becomes a one-sided reply to the interrupted conversation. The events surrounding the Newcastle Earthquake have had a major impact on the local community, as over forty survivors were pulled out of the club in the days following the quake, meaning the short film has an important cultural significance in the Hunter Region.
Cast.
The film centers around Danny Boyd as the Old Man but also features:

</doc>
<doc id="18522904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522904" title="Dłużniów">
Dłużniów

Dłużniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522906" title="Dołhobyczów">
Dołhobyczów

Dołhobyczów is a village in Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dołhobyczów. It lies approximately south-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 1,720.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522907" title="Indian Wireless Telegraph (Amateur Service) Rules, 1978">
Indian Wireless Telegraph (Amateur Service) Rules, 1978

The Indian Wireless Telegraphs (Amateur Service) Rules, 1978 is an act that governs amateur radio services in India. The Act covers the syllabus, rules and regulations and contains the various forms necessary to obtain a licence and handling equipment. The act is a sub part of Indian Wireless Telegraph Rules.

</doc>
<doc id="18522912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522912" title="Dołhobyczów-Kolonia">
Dołhobyczów-Kolonia

Dołhobyczów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Dołhobyczów, south-east of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522913" title="Gołębie">
Gołębie

Gołębie may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522916" title="Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Apertura 2008">
Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Apertura 2008

The Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Apertura 2008 season ("officially known as "Torneo Apertura 2008""), started on August 2, 2008, and finished on December 21, 2008.
C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo came into the tournament as defending champions, having won their eighth league title in the previous season. A total of 10 teams contested the league, 8 of which had already participated in the Clausura 2008 season, and two of which had been promoted from the Segunda División de Fútbol Salvadoreño.
The 10 teams of the Primera División each played 18 matches, playing each team twice (home and away). The top four teams qualified directly to the semifinals.
The winner of the final series gained entry into the CONCACAF Champions League 2009-10.
Promotion and relegation.
Promoted from Segunda División de Fútbol Salvadoreño as of June 27, 2008.
Relegated to Segunda División de Fútbol Salvadoreño as of June 27, 2008.
Final.
Champion.
A.D. Isidro Metapán qualified for 2009–10 CONCACAF Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="18522917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522917" title="Reform Party (Singapore)">
Reform Party (Singapore)

"This article is about the Singaporean political party, the Reform Party. For parties in other countries with the same name, please visit Reform Party (disambiguation)"
The Reform Party is a liberal democratic political party in the Republic of Singapore that seeks to establish and maintain a fully democratic government. The party promotes political, social and economic reform; the restoration of full human rights; a fairer and just distribution of wealth with the elimination of poverty; an independently appointed judiciary and a fully elected and sovereign parliament. Its stated philosophy is ""That every member of the society is born with fundamental rights which cannot be abrogated... and that it is the paramount duty of the society to promote the human dignity of its every single member."" 
It was founded by the opposition veteran Joshua Benjamin Jeyaretnam and officially registered on 3 July 2008. JBJ, as he is popularly known, died three months later on 7 September 2008.
The Reform Party is unique among Singaporean political parties, both government and opposition, in that its party structure does not follow a cadre based system of political organisation. The party constitution states that the Party Conference is the supreme governing authority. The first full Conference was in 2012, where the pro-tem CEC were ratified. Andy Zhu Laicheng was voted Chairperson and Kenneth Jeyaretnam was voted Secretary General.
History.
The Reform Party was created by lawyer and politician Joshua Benjamin Jeyaretnam. Jeyaretnam was the first opposition candidate to be elected Member of Parliament under the Workers' Party of Singapore banner after a period of about 16 years when not a single opposition candidate in Singapore won a seat.
In 2001, he was successfully sued for libel by Lee Kuan Yew and Goh Chok Tong and was made to pay total damages of S$565,000 and court costs of S$270,000. After missing a damages payment by one day, he was declared bankrupt, disbarred and barred from participating in elections. He resigned from the Workers' Party of Singapore where he had been secretary-general. He authored the books "Make it Right for Singapore" and "The Hatchet Man of Singapore" and was often seen promoting his books outside Centrepoint, a shopping centre on Orchard Road. He was discharged from bankruptcy in 2007.
Jeyaretnam then formed the Reform Party, which was officially registered on 3 July 2008. Jeyaretnam was its first, pro-tem Secretary-General.
On 30 September 2008, he died following a heart attack, with a funeral service attended by over 1,000.
As of 2012, the party was headed by Kenneth Jeyaretnam, who was voted in by the CEC to succeed Ng Teck Siong, Jeyaretnam's immediate successor. In an interview in 2010, Kenneth Jeyaretnam explained that when he took over the Reform Party, it was "quite in a bad state". Ng rejected these claims and claimed that the party was in good shape before he resigned.
The party participated in its first election during the 2011 Singapore General Election but did not win a seat, earning ~35% of the vote in the two constituencies that it contested.
General Elections 2011.
The 2011 Singapore General Election was the first election for the Reform Party, contesting two districts.
Lead up to General Elections 2011.
On May 8, 2010, breaking tradition in Singapore politics where election candidates are announced near the election and after the electoral boundaries are confirmed, the Reform Party announced its six candidates for the coming election. The candidates included Kenneth Jeyaretnam.
Early 2011 resignations.
Several members of the Reform Party switched camps in early 2011. They included James Teo, J. Sivalingam; Justin Ong, Jeannette Aruldoss, and Tony Tan, who had been slated to be candidates. Others who left included Hazel Poa, Samantha De Silva, Gan Theng Wei, Nicole Seah and Tan Tee Seng.
Speeches.
In his first campaign speech in late April 2011, Jeyaretnam said the objective of the Reform Party was to win a few seats in the coming election, adding that competition in politics would lead to better and more intelligent policies for Singapore. He also noted that the ruling People's Action Party (PAP) will likely open the floodgates to more foreigners to enter Singapore again once they formed the next government.
“"Already you can see that. The Reform Party was the first to talk about how the government’s track record was hollow. They always talk about the high rate of economic growth, but the economic growth is created just by bringing in cheap foreign labour. It is not created by raising the incomes of Singaporeans",” he said.
Jeyaretnam also criticized the PAP for failing to improve the lives of ordinary Singaporeans as their median incomes had remained stagnant for years, attributing this to the PAP’s open-door policies to immigrants.
“"If at this election you don’t take action now, you will expect the floodgates to open again",” he warned.
As of 2011 foreigners comprised 40% of the island nation’s population, up from 14% in 1990. Of the remaining 60% who are citizens, an increasing number are immigrants. Jeyaretnam took the stance that the 2011 election might be the last opportunity for native Singaporeans to reclaim ownership of their country instead of being relegated to minority status.

</doc>
<doc id="18522919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522919" title="Gołębie, Lublin Voivodeship">
Gołębie, Lublin Voivodeship

Gołębie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Dołhobyczów, south-east of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522922" title="Honiatyn">
Honiatyn

Honiatyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Dołhobyczów, south-east of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522931" title="Horodyszcze, Hrubieszów County">
Horodyszcze, Hrubieszów County

Horodyszcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522934" title="Horoszczyce">
Horoszczyce

Horoszczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522936" title="Hulcze">
Hulcze

Hulcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522937" title="Kadłubiska">
Kadłubiska

Kadłubiska may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522939" title="Kadłubiska, Hrubieszów County">
Kadłubiska, Hrubieszów County

Kadłubiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522940" title="Kościaszyn">
Kościaszyn

Kościaszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522942" title="Lipina">
Lipina

Lipina may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18522943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522943" title="Lipina, Lublin Voivodeship">
Lipina, Lublin Voivodeship

Lipina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522948" title="Liski, Gmina Dołhobyczów">
Liski, Gmina Dołhobyczów

Liski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 60. The most famous family to have originated from here are that of the Szelemej's. Founded by an unknown patriarchal Szelemej, Ivan, Dmytro, Hryhory, Ihor, and Pavlo Szelemej are the successors of the dynasty.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522951" title="Apartment Building at 2225 N Street">
Apartment Building at 2225 N Street

The Apartment Building at 2225 N Street in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Northwest Washington, D.C. was constructed in 1924 by local real estate developers Harry Wardman and Eugene Waggaman. In 1994, the building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places. 

</doc>
<doc id="18522953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522953" title="Liwcze">
Liwcze

Liwcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522957" title="Majdan, Hrubieszów County">
Majdan, Hrubieszów County

Majdan is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522959" title="Mołczany">
Mołczany

Mołczany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Dołhobyczów, south-east of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522961" title="Myców">
Myców

Myców is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522963" title="Oszczów">
Oszczów

Oszczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522964" title="Oszczów-Kolonia">
Oszczów-Kolonia

Oszczów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522965" title="Podhajczyki">
Podhajczyki

Podhajczyki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522966" title="Przewodów">
Przewodów

Przewodów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 710.
The village,among with others near by, was part of Ukraine until the Poles burnt down the villages, and forced people to move to other parts of Poland.
References.
<br>
Survivors story

</doc>
<doc id="18522967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522967" title="Setniki">
Setniki

Setniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522971" title="Siekierzyńce">
Siekierzyńce

Siekierzyńce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522975" title="Sulimów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Sulimów, Lublin Voivodeship

Sulimów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522977" title="Sulimów-Kolonia">
Sulimów-Kolonia

Sulimów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522980" title="Uśmierz">
Uśmierz

Uśmierz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south-east of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522984" title="Witków, Lublin Voivodeship">
Witków, Lublin Voivodeship

Witków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 420.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522985" title="Wólka Poturzyńska">
Wólka Poturzyńska

Wólka Poturzyńska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522987" title="Wyżłów">
Wyżłów

Wyżłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522990" title="Zaadamie">
Zaadamie

Zaadamie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522991" title="Żabcze">
Żabcze

Żabcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies some south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and southeast of the regional capital, Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522992" title="Give a Little Love Back to the World">
Give a Little Love Back to the World

"Give a Little Love Back to the World", written and composed by Paul Curtis, was the United Kingdom's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed by Emma. At the age of 15, Emma was the youngest-ever entrant on behalf of the United Kingdom at Eurovision.
Emma won the right to perform at Zagreb by winning the UK national final, "A Song for Europe", where she was the fourth singer to perform. Like in 1988 and 1989, the winner was picked via a nationwide telephone vote, and Emma emerged victorious, receiving nearly three times as many votes as the second-place finisher (clocking in at just under 100,000 supporters). 
At Zagreb, the song was performed seventh on the night, after Luxembourg's Céline Carzo with "Quand je te rêve", and before Iceland's Stjórnin with "Eitt lag enn." At the end of judging that evening, "Give a Little Love Back to the World" took the sixth-place slot with 87 points. Belgium awarded the UK its only 12 points for the evening.
One large theme of Eurosong '90 in Zagreb was unity and peace, as the contest came mere months after the fall of communism in most of Eastern Europe. Emma's song strayed from this larger theme somewhat in that her song was a plea for environmentalism. Emma, dressed in red, was flanked by five backup singers: three women (in blue dresses) and two men (in alternating white and blue pants, vests and shirts).
After Eurovision, the song placed at #33 on the UK Singles Chart, in the best chart placing by a UK Eurovision act since 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18522993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522993" title="Zaręka">
Zaręka

Zaręka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Dołhobyczów, south-east of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522994" title="Żniatyn">
Żniatyn

Żniatyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18522998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18522998" title="Bill Buckley (rugby league)">
Bill Buckley (rugby league)

William George (Bill) Buckley OBE (born in Petersham, New South Wales, 1907 - died 17 April 1973) was an Australian rugby league footballer and administrator.
A front rower, Buckley played 75 first-grade matches for Newtown. He broke his leg in 1928 but returned to play another three seasons.
After playing, Buckley joined the New South Wales Rugby Football League General Committee as delegate of Newtown. When NSWRFL president Jersey Flegg died in 1960, Buckley replaced him and also became boss of the Australian Rugby League, a position he remained in from 1960 until his death in 1973. He was made a Life Member of Newtown and the Australian Rugby League and was also a member of the SCG Trust. In 1968 Buckley became an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for services to sport, especially rugby league and the community.

</doc>
<doc id="18523001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523001" title="Bereżnica">
Bereżnica

Bereżnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523002" title="Cegielnia, Hrubieszów County">
Cegielnia, Hrubieszów County

Cegielnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Horodło, north of Hrubieszów, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523003" title="Ciołki">
Ciołki

Ciołki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Horodło, north-east of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523004" title="Institute for Social and Economic Analyses">
Institute for Social and Economic Analyses

The Institute for Social and Economic Analyses (ISEA, ) is a Prague-based think tank established in 2002. Its members' research covers subjects related mainly to the recent social and economic transformation of the Czech Republic. These include education, competitiveness, public finance, pension system reform, income inequality, tax issues of research and development, political systems and political corruption.
The policy institute's motto is "Diagnosis and Dialogue" while the institute claims to strive to achieve a consensus among experts and the Czech political representation. The institute has been actively involved in lobbying the Czech Parliament regarding tax issues related to European Union funds available for research.
ISEA has obtained grants mainly from the Open Society Fund in Prague, the Czech government via the Czech Science Foundation and from other sources such as Konrad Adenauer Stiftung. The institute is associated with the Global Development Network. In 2007, the institute founder, sociologist Petr Matějů, was named a Fulbright New Century Scholar.

</doc>
<doc id="18523005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523005" title="Hrebenne, Hrubieszów County">
Hrebenne, Hrubieszów County

Hrebenne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Horodło, north-east of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523006" title="Janki">
Janki

Janki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18523007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523007" title="Janki, Gmina Horodło">
Janki, Gmina Horodło

Janki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523010" title="Kobło-Kolonia">
Kobło-Kolonia

Kobło-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523011" title="Kopyłów">
Kopyłów

Kopyłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Horodło, north-east of Hrubieszów, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523012" title="Liski, Gmina Horodło">
Liski, Gmina Horodło

Liski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523013" title="Łuszków">
Łuszków

Łuszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Horodło, north-east of Hrubieszów, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523017" title="Matcze">
Matcze

Matcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Horodło, north-east of Hrubieszów, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523020" title="Poraj, Lublin Voivodeship">
Poraj, Lublin Voivodeship

Poraj is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Horodło, north-east of Hrubieszów, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523024" title="Rogalin, Lublin Voivodeship">
Rogalin, Lublin Voivodeship

Rogalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523035" title="Zosin, Hrubieszów County">
Zosin, Hrubieszów County

Zosin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Horodło, east of Hrubieszów, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 70.
A border crossing into Ukraine is located here. Across the border is the village of Ustilug.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523037" title="Landesliga Bremen">
Landesliga Bremen

The Landesliga Bremen is the sixth tier of the German football league system and the second-highest league in the German state of Bremen, below the "Oberliga Bremen". 
Overview.
The "Landesliga Bremen" is the second-highest level of play in Bremen. Traditionally, the league is set below the "Verbandsliga Bremen". With the "Oberliga Nord" being dissolved in 2008, the "Verbandsliga" was renamed "Oberliga Bremen". This however did not change anything in regards of the "Landesliga".
Of the German tier-six leagues, the "Landesliga Bremen", like its association, the "Bremen FA", is unique as it covers the smallest region and has no league parallel to itself, being the only league at this level in the state.
The league champion, together with the runners-up, is directly promoted to the "Oberliga".
Below it sit the two tier-seven leagues, the:

</doc>
<doc id="18523038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523038" title="Altaf Shaikh">
Altaf Shaikh

Altaf Ahmed Shaikh () is a retired Marine Engineer and a renowned Sindhi scholar, professor, and travel writer from Pakistan. He is the associate professor of Naval engineering and Marine engineering at Pakistan Naval Academy. His first book on travel was "Munhnjo Saagar Munhnjo Sahil", which was published in 1971, and won the Pakistan Writers Guild Award. He was also awarded Tamgha-e-Imtiaz on 23 March 2011, by the Governor of Sindh Ishrat-ul-Ebad Khan on behalf of President of Pakistan Asif Ali Zardari, for his contributions in Sindhi and Urdu Literature.
Biography.
Shaikh was born in the house of Gul Muhammad Shaikh on November 14, 1944 in New Hala District, Hyderabad (now Matiari District).
Shaikh got his early education from Hala, then from Cadet College Petaro, and studied marine engineering at Pakistan Marine Academy now renamed as Bangladesh Marine Academy Chittagong, Bangladesh. He was qualified as a naval engineer, and taught in Malaysia as a trainer.
Shaikh started writing in the age of 18, in Chittagong. His first story book was "Anamika" (the Bengali word for "unknown"). He then moved to Malmö, Sweden where he attended World Maritime University; and received his M.Sc. in Marine Engineering from Maritime Safety Administration School of Engineering. He also received the "First Class Engineer Certificate" of Competency for sailing as Chief Engineer on Foreign Going Vessels. He then moved to London where he passed the A.M.I.E (Mechanical Engineering) and earned an engineer's license at the Institute of Engineers, London.
Merchant Navy career.
Shaikh joined Pakistan National Shipping Corporation as Junior Marine Engineer in 1968 till Chief Engineer in 1976 and served on various other ships for next 12 years. He became a senior lecturer and principal of Pakistan National Shipping Corporation Marine College, Karachi, Pakistan. He was the visiting lecturer Ungku Omar Polytechnic Institute, Ipoh, Perak, Malayasia. He was then appointed officer in charge of the engineering Department at ”Maritime Academy Malaysia”, Malacca, from 1983 to 1990. Upon his return to Pakistan, he is currently serving as officer in charge of the engineering department at Pakistan Naval Academy. Apart from Sindhi and Urdu he can also speak Chinese, Japanese, Malay, English and Bengali fluently.
Bibliography.
Travelogues.
He has written a number of travelogues, including:
""'Sindhi
"'"Urdu

</doc>
<doc id="18523050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523050" title="Annopol (disambiguation)">
Annopol (disambiguation)

Annopol may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18523052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523052" title="Annopol, Hrubieszów County">
Annopol, Hrubieszów County

Annopol is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 176.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523057" title="Indian Telegraph Act, 1885">
Indian Telegraph Act, 1885

The Indian Telegraph Act, 1885 is a law in India that governs the use of telegraphy, phones, communication, radio, telex and fax in India. It gives the Government of India exclusive privileges of establishing, maintaining and working telegraphs. It also authorizes the government to tap phone lines under appropriate conditions. The act came into force on October 1, 1885. Since that time, numerous amendments have been passed to update the act to respond to changes in technology. The latest amendment was passed in 2006 redefining terms from the original act.
Background.
The Indian Telegraph Act, passed in 1885, was intended to give the Central Government power to establish telegraph lines on private as well as public property. At the time the Act was conceived, India was still under the rule of the British Raj. Telegraph was first installed in 1851 and a trans-India telegraph was completed three years later in 1854. The telegraph had become, in the intervening thirty years, an important tool for British dominion over India by quelling rebellions and consolidating information. It thus was important for the British to control of telegraphy and infrastructure across the subcontinent.

</doc>
<doc id="18523058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523058" title="Białoskóry, Lublin Voivodeship">
Białoskóry, Lublin Voivodeship

Białoskóry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523059" title="Brodzica">
Brodzica

Brodzica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 353.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523061" title="Cichobórz, Lublin Voivodeship">
Cichobórz, Lublin Voivodeship

Cichobórz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 422.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523062" title="Czerniczyn">
Czerniczyn

Czerniczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 797.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523066" title="Czortowice">
Czortowice

Czortowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 109.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523069" title="Czumów">
Czumów

Czumów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 304.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523071" title="Dąbrowa, Gmina Hrubieszów">
Dąbrowa, Gmina Hrubieszów

Dąbrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 188.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523074" title="Beim ersten Mal tut's immer weh">
Beim ersten Mal tut's immer weh

"Beim ersten Mal tut's immer weh" (German for "The first time always hurts") is the second single from German industrial metal group Oomph!'s tenth album "Monster". The song was released as a promo single for the album.
Music video.
The censored ("16+") version of the music video was released on July 14, 2008 through Romanian video hosting service, MyVideo. An uncensored ("18+") version becoming available on the band's website, through an online game ("Labyrinth") that promotes the release of "Monster".
The video depicts a 15-year old girl nicknamed Rotkäppchen (German: "Little Red Riding Hood") being lured to a meeting with a pedophile. The two return to the pedophile's home, where he sits on a chair and gets undressed, while the young girl starts to strip then punches her assailant knocking him unconscious. The young girl then ties him down and gags him while she tortures him with a butcher's knife and many medical instruments, ultimately ending in the girl removing the man's testicles. Throughout the video, there are cut scenes of Oomph! performing the song.
The video was based on the controversial 2005 indie film "Hard Candy".

</doc>
<doc id="18523075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523075" title="Dziekanów">
Dziekanów

Dziekanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 578.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523076" title="Gródek, Hrubieszów County">
Gródek, Hrubieszów County

Gródek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 332.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523078" title="Husynne, Hrubieszów County">
Husynne, Hrubieszów County

Husynne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 527.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523081" title="Janki, Gmina Hrubieszów">
Janki, Gmina Hrubieszów

Janki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 301.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523083" title="Kobło, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kobło, Lublin Voivodeship

Kobło is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 328.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523089" title="Liski">
Liski

Liski may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18523090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523090" title="Kosmów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kosmów, Lublin Voivodeship

Kosmów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 351.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523091" title="Kozodawy">
Kozodawy

Kozodawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 213.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523095" title="University of Iowa Children's Hospital">
University of Iowa Children's Hospital

The University of Iowa Children's Hospital is a teaching hospital for children founded in 1919, located inside University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics
. It benefits from the services of the University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics.
The UI Children's Hospital also has an extensive library of health information for people of various ages.
Divisions.
The following medical divisions are available:
General Pediatrics, Family Medicine, Adolescent Medicine, Allergy/Pulmonary diseases, Anesthesia, Blood and Marrow Transplantation, Burn Treatment, Cardiology, Child Abuse and Neglect, Child Health Specialty Clinics, Child Neurology, Child Psychology, Child Psychiatry, Clinical Pharmacology, Continuity of Care, Critical Care,Dentistry, Dermatology, Developmental Disabilities, ECMO, Emergency Care, Endocrinology, Gastroenterology, Genetics, Hematology, Infectious Diseases, Mother's Milk Bank of Iowa, Neonatology, Nephrology, Neurosurgery, Nuclear Medicine, Nutrition, Obstetrics/Gynecology, Oncology, Ophthalmology, Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, Orthodontics, Orthopaedic Surgery, Spinal Deformity, Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Speech, Swallowing, Voice, Pediatric Outreach Clinics (Cardiac-Electrophysiology, Cardiology, Cystic Fibrosis, Diabetes/Endocrinology, Endocrinology, Gastroenterology, Hemoglobinopathy, Neurology, Neuromuscular), Radiation Oncology,Radiology, Rheumatology, Special Education, Specialized Child Health Services, Surgery (Pediatric), Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery, Toxicology, Transplantation Surgery, Trauma Surgery, and Urology.
University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics is in partnership with University of Iowa Roy J. and Lucille A. Carver College of Medicine and University of Iowa Children's Hospital which completes the state University of Iowa Health Care.
The Ponseti Method.
The University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics is also where Dr. Ignacio Ponseti developed the Ponseti method. The Ponseti method is a revolutionary non-surgical way to treat congenital clubfoot, which had previously been treated through surgeries to infants or children at a young age. The Ponseti method is a way to treat clubfoot through a series of manipulating bones and tendons in the foot and holding them in place through a series of casts. It is a treatment technique that is still used worldwide to this day. More information on it can be found on UI Children's website, the World Health Organisation website, and many other places.
New Facilities.
In the fall of 2012, the project to create a new University of Iowa Children's Hospital. The hospital will be located to the south of the current University Hospital and will be connected to it as well. The target completion date for the project is in March 2016.
The project costs approximately $292 million – none of which was funded by tax dollars. The funding was achieved through bonds, patient revenue, and private gifts.
The building is 480,000 square feet of new construction as well as 56,250 square feet of renovated existing space. It will be 14 floors (12 above ground, two below ground).
There is a live webcam of the construction as it is happening, as well as an update of the latest construction phase for the building.
Kid Captain Program.
Since 2008 the University of Iowa Children's Hospital has teamed up with the Iowa Hawkeyes to honor UI Children's Hospital patients and celebrate their inspirational stories.
Kid Captains are nominated by those familiar with them and are given the opportunity to be an honorary captain at a University of Iowa football game.
Fourteen children are chosen every year. In 2013 there were 462 children nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="18523144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523144" title="Yanuv">
Yanuv

Yanuv (, lit. " will Come Forth") is a moshav in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain near Netanya and Tulkarm, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 784.
The village was founded on 21 March 1950 by a kvutza of immigrants from Tunisia on land which had been owned by a Nabulsi effendi prior to the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. Its named was taken from Proverbs 10:31: "From the mouth of the just will come forth wisdom".
Part of the village's homes were built with Norwegian funds, following the Hurum air disaster, in which over two dozen Jewish children on their way to Israel died. The sole survivor of the disaster settled in Yanuv.

</doc>
<doc id="18523152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523152" title="Northumberland Apartments">
Northumberland Apartments

The Northumberland Apartments is a historic apartment building at 2039 New Hampshire Avenue, NW in the U Street Corridor of Washington, D.C. The Classical Revival building was constructed in 1909-10 by local real estate developer Harry Wardman and Albert H. Beers. In 1980, the building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Siting.
The Northumberland Apartments occupies a significant lot on New Hampshire Avenue, N.W. The irregular shape of the lot, created by the intersection of this major diagonal avenue and the grid of L'Enfant's 1791 plan for the Federal City, dictated the shape of the building. The Northumberland's eclectic, classical facade blends harmoniously with the buildings in the area and contributes to the visual variety and richness of the New Hampshire Avenue streetscape between Sixteenth Street and Florida Avenue. The building remains an unaltered element in a neighborhood identity created by Victorian rowhouses, large apartment buildings, and churches and institutional buildings. The variety of building types and styles, and the unusual spatial configuration of the short blocks and irregularly-shaped lots, creates a richness of streetscape seldom found so intact in the city today.
Design.
Exterior.
Beers designed the Northumberland in an eclectic early-twentieth century adaptation of eighteenth-century classicism. Its design and conception were French in origin, illustrating Beers' familiarity with the current fashion in apartment design. The quality of construction, materials, and craftsmanship found in the building is exceptionally high. The Northumberland stands in its original state; this unaltered condition contributes significantly to the building's importance. The Northumberland is perhaps the only such example of an early-twentieth century luxury apartment building left intact in Washington.
The Northumberland is approached by a semi-circular driveway. The building is red and white brick and dressed limestone and features an eclectic collection of classical architectural elements. The facade is divided into three horizontal bands. The upper and lower bands are white brick and stone and are each two stories high. The configuration of the fenestration is the same on both levels, although the scale is smaller in the upper band. The windows are paired vertically - an arched window above a square one -
and contained within a quoined Gibbsian surround that encompasses the windows and the spandrel between. Similar limestone quoins are also found at the corners of the two bands.
The middle band of three floors is rough red brick. The rectangular windows are unusually large and are capped by pressed brick jack arches with stone console keystones. An eleborate metal bracketed cornice forms a projecting cap for the building and eloquently defines the roofline. The variety and richness of the materials and textures contribute to the impressive dignity of the Northumberland. Other detailing, including limestone ledges and quoins, add a decorative element.
Perhaps the most distinctive feature of the facade is the Palladian-inspired recessed entry. The curved space, framed by two pairs of Ionic columns and pilasters, is high and over wide. Above is a high entablature capped by two classical stone urns. The wide door, with its elliptical fanlight and sidelights, is set in a deep niche.
The fenestration plays a major role in determining the feeling of the facade. The windows are unusually large for the period, some measuring over square. The variety of sash types, including 16/1, add to the richness of the design. Consoles and metal ornamentation provide additional embellishment. The consoles are two types - metal under the projecting cornice and limestone above the windows. The Former are decorated with deeply chased acanthus leaves. The latter are classical in style and serve as the keystones in the jack arches above the windows. Other decorative metal details include four types of molding (dentil, egg and dart, ogee, and plain), a large floral frieze, and chamfered metal panels.
Interior.
The exterior of the Northumberland, in spite of its variety of materials and architectural elements, hardly prepares one for the explosion of decorative features and materials in the main public space of the building. The lobby has been described as unique among Wardman's many buildings. Some connoisseurs of architectural history consider it the most distinctive lobby in the city. Eclectic in design and decoration, it reflects the taste in vogue in New York City luxury apartments at the turn of the 20th century. It boasts two huge fireplaces and four columns with ornamental capitals. The staircase and lighting fixtures exhibit fine handwrought iron work. The central staircase, with white-grey marble steps, branches at the landing with separate marbleized staircases leading to each wing of the building. The three stairways are well related visually. Facing the entrance at the first landing are three original curved stained glass windows with heraldic monograms (the initial N). The two fireplaces, which face one another, are high, wide, and deep.
The construction is wood, marbleized to match the color of the walls. The two marbleized staircases curve slightly and extend from the lobby to the first floor. Each is headed by a finial in the form of an obelisk tall, containing six marble steps, and six unusually shaped balusters. Quasi columns form the end of the staircases, complete with eclectic capitals and elements of decoration that form part of the over-all lobby pattern. An elegant arch highlights the entrance to the corridors. The main staircase to the first landing has thirteen marble steps. The lobby floor consists of the same ceramic tile and decorative pattern as is found in the corridors. The transom over the door is in the form of an arc and is decorated with an impressive marbleized border.
The lobby of the Northumberland is distinguished by a wealth of decorative ornamentation associated with European architectural embellishments derived from classical, medieval, gothic, and renaissance motifs. Its great size ( and height () allowed the architect and builder great freedom in designing the motifs that make up the decoration. The marbleized walls, columns, side staircases, and fireplaces provide an elegant background for the ornamentation. The yellowish color of the imitation marble blends harmoniously with the basic buff color of the decorative plasterwork, accentuated with touches of gilt.

</doc>
<doc id="18523184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523184" title="Ingram Merrill Foundation">
Ingram Merrill Foundation

The Ingram Merrill Foundation was a private foundation established in the mid-1950s by poet James Merrill (1926-1995), using funds from his substantial family inheritance. Over the course of four decades, the foundation would provide financial support to hundreds of writers and artists, many of them in the early stages of promising but not yet remunerative careers. Dissolved in 1996 a year after Merrill's death, the Ingram Merrill Foundation was at that point disbursing approximately $300,000 a year.
Support from the Ingram Merrill Foundation could be variously described as an "Award", a "Fellowship", a "Prize", or a "Grant". Recipients themselves often used these terms interchangeably, and it is unclear whether there was ever a meaningful distinction between them reflecting the degree or amount of financial support (stipends could vary widely among Ingram Merrill recipients). By reapplying, it was possible to win an Award more than once in a career; at least one writer received three separate grants.
Although Merrill could lobby his own Board—not always with success—on behalf of writers and artists whose work and circumstances he felt particularly compelling, his interference in the grant-giving process was officially discouraged. This was by Merrill's own design: a measure of formal disengagement from his namesake foundation helped immunize him from "the friends of the friends" who might feel tempted to "put in a good word with Jimmy" on a pending application. In the event, Merrill could truthfully reply that decisions were out of his hands.
The Foundation supported specific public television programming in the early 1970s and gave occasional grants to arts organizations.
Recipients.
Visual artists known to have received Ingram Merrill Foundation financial support include Edward Dugmore, Yvonne Jacquette, Gabriel Laderman, Eric Pankey, and Jane Wilson. 
Max Kozloff, a noted art historian, editor, and art critic, received an award. Jean Erdman, a dancer and choreographer, also received funding.
Composers known to have received Ingram Merrill funding include Bruce Saylor, Claudio Spies, and Charles Wuorinen.
Writers of diverse and colorful stripe—essayists, novelists, short story writers, translators, poets, and playwrights, to name but the major species—currently known to have received Ingram Merrill support include Walter Abish, Ellen Akins, Agha Shahid Ali, Dick Allen, Julia Alvarez, John Ash, John Ashbery, Russell Banks, Wendy Battin, Gina Berriault, Linda Bierds, Elizabeth Bishop, Thomas Bolt, David Bosworth, David Bottoms, Jane Bowles, Rosellen Brown, Victor Bumbalo, Frederick Busch, Turner Cassity, Henri Cole, Martha Collins, Jane Cooper, John Crowley, Deborah Digges, W. S. Di Piero, Mark Doty, Norman Dubie, Deborah Eisenberg, Tony Eprile, Kathy Fagan, Irving Feldman, Donald Finkel, Alice Fulton, James Galvin, Jorie Graham, Debora Greger, Allan Gurganus, Marilyn Hacker, Rachel Hadas, John Haines, Daniel Hall, Judith Hall, Jeffrey Harrison, Shelby Hearon, Oscar Hijuelos, Geoffrey Hill, Daryl Hine, David Hinton, Edward Hirsch, Daniel Hoffman, A. D. Hope, Maureen Howard, Andrew Hudgins, Galway Kinnell, Karl Kirchwey, Peter Klappert, Caroline Knox, Ann Lauterbach, David Lehman, Brad Leithauser, Phillis Levin, Elizabeth Macklin, Thomas Mallon, Cormac McCarthy, Mary McCarthy, J. D. McClatchy, Joseph McElroy, Lynne McMahon, Sandra McPherson, Christopher Merrill, Judith Moffett, Ted Mooney, Carol Muske-Dukes, Josip Novakovich, Jacqueline Osherow, Molly Peacock, Walter Perrie, Robert Polito, Stanley Plumly, Jeremy Reed, Donald Revell, Michael J. Rosen, Mark Rudman, Kay Ryan, David St. John, Mary Jo Salter, Sherod Santos, James Scully, David Shapiro, Robert Siegel, Charles Simic, Jeffrey Skinner, William Jay Smith, W. D. Snodgrass, Roberta Spear, Mark Strand, Christopher Tilghman, Tony Towle, Paul Violi, Alice Walker, Theodore Weiss, Rachel Wetzsteon, Edmund White, Elie Wiesel, Charles Wright, John Yau and Stephen Yenser, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="18523186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523186" title="Johan Peder Basberg">
Johan Peder Basberg

Johan Peder Basberg (1794 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.
In 1854 he was elected to the Norwegian Parliament, representing the constituency of Brevig. He worked as surveyor of customs and excise in that town. He served only one term.

</doc>
<doc id="18523192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523192" title="Kułakowice Drugie">
Kułakowice Drugie

Kułakowice Drugie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 73.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523193" title="Indian Wireless Telegraph Rules">
Indian Wireless Telegraph Rules

The Indian Wireless Telegraph Rules governs the use of wireless devices in India. The act was first drafted in 1949, and then in 1973. It also incorporates clauses from the Indian Telegraph Act, 1885. 

</doc>
<doc id="18523194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523194" title="Kułakowice Pierwsze">
Kułakowice Pierwsze

Kułakowice Pierwsze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 242.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523196" title="Kułakowice Trzecie">
Kułakowice Trzecie

Kułakowice Trzecie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 305.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523197" title="Łotoszyny">
Łotoszyny

Łotoszyny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523201" title="Masłomęcz">
Masłomęcz

Masłomęcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 404.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523202" title="Metelin">
Metelin

Metelin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18523203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523203" title="Metelin, Hrubieszów County">
Metelin, Hrubieszów County

Metelin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523205" title="Mieniany">
Mieniany

Mieniany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 630.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523207" title="Moniatycze">
Moniatycze

Moniatycze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 473.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523209" title="Moniatycze-Kolonia">
Moniatycze-Kolonia

Moniatycze-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 171.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523211" title="Moroczyn">
Moroczyn

Moroczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 346.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523213" title="Nowosiółki, Hrubieszów County">
Nowosiółki, Hrubieszów County

Nowosiółki (, "Novosilky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 285.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523216" title="Obrowiec, Lublin Voivodeship">
Obrowiec, Lublin Voivodeship

Obrowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523218" title="Ślipcze">
Ślipcze

Ślipcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 393.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523221" title="Stefankowice">
Stefankowice

Stefankowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 255.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523223" title="Stefankowice-Kolonia">
Stefankowice-Kolonia

Stefankowice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 289.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523224" title="Świerszczów">
Świerszczów

Świerszczów may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18523227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523227" title="Świerszczów, Hrubieszów County">
Świerszczów, Hrubieszów County

Świerszczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 257.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523230" title="Szpikołosy">
Szpikołosy

Szpikołosy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 469.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523233" title="Teptiuków">
Teptiuków

Teptiuków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 369.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523234" title="Turkołówka">
Turkołówka

Turkołówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 36.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523238" title="Ubrodowice">
Ubrodowice

Ubrodowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 324.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523240" title="Wołajowice">
Wołajowice

Wołajowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 174.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18523244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18523244" title="Wołynka">
Wołynka

Wołynka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
