<doc id="18312177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312177" title="DJ Clay">
DJ Clay

DJ Clay (born Michael Velasquez) is an American record producer, rapper and disc jockey from Detroit, Michigan. He is currently signed to Psychopathic Records,where he has been involved in all the inner working of the lotus pod and working on future projects. As of 2010, Velasquez has sold over 200,000 units.
Biography.
Psychopathic Records.
While DJing locally in Southwest Detroit, Michael Velasquez performed at several events hosted by Psychopathic Records, including Big Balla X-Mas Party events, Juggalo Championship Wrestling events, and the release party for Twiztid’s album "Man's Myth". In 2006, he was asked by Shaggy 2 Dope to DJ for him on his national "F.T.F.O." tour. After the successful tour, Velasquez was approached by Insane Clown Posse to DJ all of their tours. Velasquez was signed by Psychopathic Records in 2007 and began producing songs for several of the label's releases.
Hatchet House.
At the 2007 Gathering of the Juggalos music festival, it was announced that Velasquez had been moved to Psychopathic Records' subsidiary label Hatchet House. The following year, it was announced that Velasquez would be releasing a series of mixtapes entitled "Let 'Em Bleed" that would feature artists on both Psychopathic Records and Hatchet House. After releasing four volumes, Velasquez announced in 2010 that he would be releasing a new series of mixtapes entitled "Book of the Wicked". On June 4th, 2013, DJ Clay released a new mixtape entitled "A World Upside Down".
Influences.
Velasquez cites Insane Clown Posse, DJ Q-bert, and Mix Master Mike among his influences.

</doc>
<doc id="18312183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312183" title="Scrappy Lambert">
Scrappy Lambert

Harold "Scrappy" Lambert (May 12, 1901 – November 30, 1987, New Brunswick, New Jersey) was an American dance band vocalist who appeared on hundreds of recordings from the 1920s to the 1940s.
At Rutgers University he was a cheerleader and played piano for a jazz group, the Rutgers Jazz Bandits. He and fellow student Billy Hillpot formed a musical duo, which was discovered in 1926 by Ben Bernie, who signed them to perform with his orchestra. Lambert and Hillpot appeared on many recordings with the orchestra and remained under Bernie's employ until 1928.
Other bandleaders who employed Lambert include Red Nichols, Frank Britton Wenzel, Fred Rich and Sam Lanin. Lambert was one of the Smith Brothers and also one of Red Nichols' Five Pennies.
In the 1920s and early 1930s, Lambert was one of the most prolific 'band vocalists' (hired to sing the vocal chorus on recordings by both performing Orchestras and studio groups). His voice is featured on hundreds of recordings, as well as having a series of vocal solo recordings for Brunswick.
In the 1930s, Lambert and Hillpot took their comedy routine to the National Broadcasting Company. In 1943, MCA offered Lambert a job overseeing their radio department in Beverly Hills, California. This marked the end of his singing career, and he worked for MCA until 1948. He died in Riverside, California.
"Cheerio, Cherry Lips, Cheerio," a 1929 vocal that Lambert recorded under the name Gordon Wallace, has been the closing theme of Dr. Demento's weekly radio broadcast since the early 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="18312192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312192" title="Bertram Walter Elles">
Bertram Walter Elles

Bertram Walter Elles was born on 3 July 1877 in Wimbledon, London and was the son of Jamieson Elles. On 24 February 1906, Bertham married Jean Challoner Lake daughter of Cannon Henry Lake at Saint Mary Abbots, Kensington. Upon his retirement, Mr and Mrs Elles lived in Hartfield, Sussex.
Education.
Bertram received his education at Marlborough College and later admitted King's College on 2 October 1896, where he had a Bachelor of Arts in 1899. In 1903, he passed his Malay language.
Career.
Bertram joined the Malayan Civil Service (1900 - 1932) and had posted to serve the Malay States in various positions before became the British Resident of Perak; below is the list of offices he held.

</doc>
<doc id="18312193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312193" title="Abdillah">
Abdillah

Abdillah is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18312210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312210" title="Low-set ears">
Low-set ears

Low-set ears are ears with depressed positioning of the pinna two or more standard deviations below the population average.
It can be associated with conditions such as:
It is usually bilateral, but can be unilateral in Goldenhar syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="18312215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312215" title="Amini Park">
Amini Park

Amini Park is a cricket ground in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea. Named for the Amini family, several of whom have played cricket for Papua New Guinea (both the men's and women's teams), the ground has seen the men's team play Australia, the West Indies and Victoria. The women's team played Japan in a three match series at the ground in September 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18312231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312231" title="Billy the Kid (1989 film)">
Billy the Kid (1989 film)

"Gore Vidal's Billy the Kid, also known as Billy the Kid", is a 1989 American western film about famed gunman Billy the Kid.
One of many depicting the events surrounding the outlaw during his participation in the Lincoln County War, this film, though little known, has routinely been described as the most historically accurate version to date. Written by Gore Vidal and directed by William A. Graham, Val Kilmer stars in the lead role of William Bonney aka Billy the Kid, with a supporting cast including Wilford Brimley, John O'Hurley, Duncan Regehr, and Ned Vaughn.
The film was made for television, prior to Kilmer's own rise to fame as an actor. While receiving little general attention, the TV-movie was acclaimed by fans of the western genre due to its comparative historical fidelity. Kilmer was praised for his portrayal based on his extensive work to not only physically resemble William Bonney as much as possible, but also to capture his personality as related in historical accounts. This contributed to the film being widely recognised as one of the most historically accurate "Billy the Kid" films ever made. Vidal said in his memoirs that he had written the original teleplay for "The Left Handed Gun", starring Paul Newman as Billy the Kid, decades earlier, and always felt the studio had butchered the material when his television play was used as the basis for a theatrical movie, so he wanted to return to the story for a more accurate rendition.

</doc>
<doc id="18312234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312234" title="Glenn Kessler (screenwriter)">
Glenn Kessler (screenwriter)

Glenn Kessler (born April 6, 1970) is an American screenwriter, television producer, actor, and director. 
Early life and education.
Kessler grew up in the suburbs of Detroit suburb and graduated from the Cranbrook Kingswood School in Bloomfield Hills in 1988. Later he attended Harvard University, graduating in 1992 and then New York University's Graduate Acting Program at the Tisch School of the Arts, graduating in 1997. 
Career.
He is the co-creator and executive producer of the Golden Globe award-winning FX drama series "Damages" along with his younger brother, Todd A. Kessler, and Daniel Zelman. He also stars on the show as FBI agent Werner. The three creators were nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for their work on the "Damages" pilot episode "Get Me A Lawyer".

</doc>
<doc id="18312244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312244" title="Showdown!">
Showdown!

Showdown! is a blues album by Albert Collins, Robert Cray and Johnny Copeland, released in 1985 through Alligator Records. The album won the Best Traditional Blues Recording Grammy Award in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18312245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312245" title="Ulaanbaatar Airport">
Ulaanbaatar Airport


</doc>
<doc id="18312276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312276" title="OKS Turkey">
OKS Turkey

OKS was the "High School Entrance Examination" in Turkey until 2007. It abbreviates "Ortaöğretim Kurumları Giriş Sınavı". It had 100 questions which were to be solved within 120 minutes and was mandatory for getting a place in a good high school in Turkey. In the examination, students solved
25 questions of Turkish language (Grammar + Paragraph),
25 questions of Maths (Maths + Geometry),
25 questions of Science (Physics + Chemistry + Biology),
25 questions of Social studies (History + Geography + Religion(5)*)
Abolishment.
The exam was abolished in 2007 by the Turkish Ministry of Education and was replaced by the SBS exams, spread out over three years. The Last OKS exam will be done on 8 June 2008, 10.00 AM for 8th graders.

</doc>
<doc id="18312279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312279" title="OKS">
OKS

OKS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18312298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312298" title="No Deposit, No Return (2004 film)">
No Deposit, No Return (2004 film)

No Deposit, No Return is a short romance film by director Dallas Campbell, made in 2004. It is 12 minutes long, and features two characters called Ronnie and Pat.

</doc>
<doc id="18312341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312341" title="Pekan Olahraga Nasional">
Pekan Olahraga Nasional

The Pekan Olahraga Nasional (acronym: PON, Indonesian: National Sports Week) is a multi-sport event held every four years in Indonesia. The participants of this event are the athletes from all provinces of Indonesia.
History.
The Indonesian Sports Association (ISI) was established in Jakarta in 1938 with the aim of coordinating the existing sports associations including the Football Federation. During the Japanese occupation of Indonesia from 1942 to 1945, sporting activities were coordinated by the Sports Practice Movement. Following the Indonesian Declaration of Independence in 1945, that nation took over the running of its own sport and in January 1946, a conference was held in Surakarta, Central Java, which gave rise to the Indonesian Olympic Committee (KORI), chaired by Sultan Hamengkubuwono IX.
Indonesia was unable to participate in the 1948 Olympic Games because Indonesian independence had not been recognized, and Indonesia was not a member of the International Olympic Committee. At an emergency conference in Solo on 1 May 1948 to discuss Indonesia's failure to compete in the Olympics, it was decided to organized the first National Games, which ran from 8–12 September 1948.
During the first Pekan Olahraga Nasional event, many sporting organizations tested a uniform system which is to be recognized throughout the country as the official scoring method. Until then, no clear rules were evident. In the case of the Aurora Club, Bandung, later to be renamed into Health and Strength organization, a scoring system went into trial for the weightlifting event; in which Carl Sugianto was crowned as the first weightlifting champion of Indonesia.
Venues.
1 "cancelled because of the 30 September Movement"<br>2 "planned"

</doc>
<doc id="18312425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312425" title="Emil František Burian">
Emil František Burian

Emil František Burian (June 11, 1904 – August 9, 1959) was a Czech poet, journalist, singer, actor, musician, composer, dramatic adviser, playwright and director. He was also active in Communist Party of Czechoslovakia politics.
Life.
Burian was born in Plzeň, Czechoslovakia, where he came from a musical family. His father, Emil Burian, was an opera singer. E. F. Burian is the father of singer and writer Jan Burian. In 1927, he graduated from the Prague Conservatory, in the class of J. B. Foerster, but he began participating in cultural life much sooner. E. F. Burian was a member of Devětsil, an association of Czech avant-garde artists. In 1926–1927, he worked with Osvobozené divadlo, but after disputes with Jindřich Honzl, he and Jiří Frejka left the theatre. Later, they founded their own theatre, "Da-Da". He also worked with the "Moderní studio" theatre scene. In 1927 he founded the musical and elocutionary ensemble "Voiceband".
In 1923, he joined the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia. His work, strongly influenced by communist ideas, bordered on political agitation. In May 1933, he founded the D 34 theatre, with a strongly leftist-oriented program.
In 1941, Burian was arrested and spent the rest of World War II in German concentration camps at the Small Fortress Theresienstadt, Dachau and finally in Neuengamme. He helped to organize illegal cultural programs for the inmates. In 1945, he survived the RAF attack against the prison ship Cap Arcona, and returned to Czechoslovakia, where he was already presumed dead. After the war, he founded D 46 and D 47 theatre, and led theatres in Brno and the operetta house in Karlín. After communist putsch in 1948, he worked as a member of the Czechoslovak communist parliament. In the post-war time, he became one of the leading promoters of the communist cultural nomenclature. He attempted to reorganize theatres, with a goal of placing communists into leadership posts of theatres.
Burian died in 1959 in Prague.
Work.
His work was strongly influenced by dadaism, futurism and poetism, and was very leftist oriented. After the war, it was strongly agitative of Communist ideas. He had a strong influence on Czech modern theatre, and his innovative staging methods (work with metaphor, poetry, and symbols) and inventions (theatergraph, voiceband) are inspirational for the theatre even now.

</doc>
<doc id="18312428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312428" title="Hakai">
Hakai

Hakai is the first studio album from Wagdug Futuristic Unity and was released on July 23, 2008. The album is the follow-up to the 2007 EP "Nu Riot". The song with Justice is a remake of their most popular song, "Waters of Nazareth". Another track from the album, "Systematic People", was released as a single and also used as the opening theme for the anime series "Kurozuka".
Track listing.
Bonus Tracks

</doc>
<doc id="18312443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312443" title="Occupation of Mongolia">
Occupation of Mongolia

The Occupation of Mongolia by the Beiyang Government of the Republic of China began in October 1919 and lasted until early 1921, when Chinese troops in Urga were routed by Baron Ungern's White Russian (Buryats, Russians and Japanese etc.) and Mongolian forces. These, in turn, were defeated by the Red Army and its Mongolian allies by June 1921.
Although the Beiyang Government abolished the autonomy of the Bogd Khaanate of Mongolia and subsequently expanded its occupation to include Tuva, it was not able to secure its claim over Mongolia.
Background.
In December 1911, Outer Mongolia took advantage of the Xinhai Revolution to declare independence from the Qing Dynasty. The political system of new Mongolia was an absolute theocratic monarchy led by Bogd Khan. However, the newly founded Republic of China considered Mongolia as part of its territory. In the 1915 tripartite Kyakhta agreement, Russia, which had strategic interests in Mongolian independence, but did not want to completely alienate China; the Republic of China and Mongolia agreed that Mongolia was autonomous under Chinese suzerainty. However, in the following years Russian influence in Asia waned due to the First World War and, later, the October Revolution. From 1918 on, Mongolia was threatened by the Russian Civil War, and in summer 1918 asked for Chinese military assistance, which lead to the deployment of a small force to Urga. Meanwhile, some Mongolian nobility had become more and more dissatisfied with their marginalization on the hands of the theocratic government, and, also provoked by the threat of the Outer Mongolia's independence from the pan-Mongolist movement in Siberia, by 1919, were ready to accept Chinese rule.
Causes.
The invasion of Mongolia was the brainchild of Premier Duan Qirui. When Duan engineered China's entry into the First World War he took out several large loans from the Japanese government including the Nishihara Loans. He used the money to create the War Participation Army ostensibly to battle the Central Powers. His rivals knew the purpose of this army was to crush internal dissent. It existed outside of the Ministry of the Army and was controlled by the War Participation Bureau which the premier led. The Bureau was staffed entirely by Duan's Anhui clique. President Feng Guozhang, Duan's rival, had no control despite constitutionally being commander-in-chief. When the war ended without a soldier stepping foot abroad, his critics demanded the disbanding of the War Participation Army. Duan had to find a new purpose for his army. Mongolia was chosen for several reasons:
Invasion.
The War Participation Army was renamed the Northwestern Frontier Army. Duan gave control of it to his right-hand, Xu Shuzheng, member of the Pro Japanese Anhui Clique in the Chinese government. They announced the expedition was at the invitation of several Mongolian princes to protect Mongolia from Bolshevik incursions. It was supposed to begin in July 1919, but the train broke down. In October, Xu led a spearhead group of 4000 that quickly captured Urga without resistance. Another 10,000 troops followed to occupy the rest of the country. The successful invasion was met with acclaim throughout China, even by Sun Yat-sen's rival southern government. The Japanese were the ones who ordered the pro Japanese Chinese warlords to occupy Mongolia in order to halt a possibly revolutionary spillover from the Russian revolutionaries into Mongolia and Northern China. After the Chinese completed the occupation, the Japanese then abandoned them and left them on their own.Manlaibaatar Damdinsüren said that "I can defend Mongolia from China and Red Russia".
In February 1920, Xu presided over a very humiliating ceremony in which Bogd Khan and other leaders were forced to kowtow before him and the Five Races Under One Union flag. This event marked the beginning of active resistance against Chinese rule which coalesced into the Mongolian People's Party.
Domestic politics in China soon changed the situation dramatically. The invasion had caused alarm for Zhang Zuolin, the powerful warlord of Manchuria, who was upset that such a large army was moved so close to his territory. He joined the chorus of critics such as Cao Kun and Wu Peifu calling for the removal of the Anhui clique. In July, they forced President Xu Shichang to remove Xu Shuzheng from his position. In response, Xu Shuzheng moved the bulk of his forces to confront his enemies in China. Both he and Duan Qirui were defeated in the ensuing Zhili-Anhui War. This left only a few Chinese troops in Mongolia.
In October, the White Russian Baron R.F. von Ungern-Sternberg swept into Mongolia from the north and fought many battles with the Chinese garrison stationed in Urga before capturing it on February 1921. There he defeated the Chinese forces and restored Bogd Khan as a monarch. At around the same time, the MPP engaged in its first battle against Chinese troops. A joint MPP-Red Army expedition led by Soviet Red commanders and Damdin Sükhbaatar defeated the Baron in August. Tensions leading up to the First Zhili-Fengtian War and the apparent victory of the Bolsheviks in the Russian Civil War led to the end of China's involvement.
Results.
This was the last foreign occupation in Mongolian history. A communism-orientated state such as Mongolia was unexpected in orthodox Marxism, and would probably not have happened if there were no occupation. After a brief period of constitutional monarchy, the Mongolian People's Republic was established in 1924 which would last until 1992.
For China, the occupation indirectly led to the permanent breakup of the Beiyang Army and the fall of strongman Duan Qirui. This marked the period of high warlordism as the former officers of Yuan Shikai battled each other for many years to come. Many White Russian guerrillas became mercenaries in China after the occupation. Along with the Siberian Intervention, it was the only foreign military expedition carried out by the Beiyang government. In 2002, however, the Republic of China, which is now a small island country, announced that it was administratively recognizing Mongolia as an independent country, even though no legislative actions were taken to address concerns over its constitutional claims to Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="18312466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312466" title="Adam Summerfield">
Adam Summerfield

Adam Summerfield (born August 30, 1990 in Whitehaven, England) is an English professional ice hockey goaltender, playing for the Manchester Phoenix of the EPL. Summerfield is a young goaltender who has shown promise at under-18 level and so has been promoted to back-up for the Elite League squad for the 2008/09 season by head coach Tony Hand.
Summerfield showed promise at Under-16 level, playing for the Flintshire Flames, the junior team of the Flintshire Freeze. This led to his selection for the Under-18 squad of the Manchester Phoenix following trials at the Altrincham Ice Dome. In his first season with the Phoenix, Summerfield continued to impress, managing a 2.00 GAA in 13 games and claiming a shut-out against the Nottingham Jaguars. This led to his promotion to the Elite League squad, replacing Aran Fox and Summerfield made his short debut coming on to replace Scott Fankhouser in a 5-2 loss for the Phoenix in Yorkshire against the Sheffield Steelers. Summerfield continued to make a number of appearances for the rest of the season, but was still employed as back-up.
His continued professionalism and work-rate ensured that Tony Hand re-signed Summerfield for the Phoenix for the 2008/09 season, where he will hope to again make regular EIHL appearances despite his young age. After again impressing in the close season, Summerfield made a number of substitute appearances for the Phoenix and regularly trained with the Elite League squad. He was re-signed by the Phoenix to play for the organisation in the 2009/10 season of the EPL.

</doc>
<doc id="18312477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312477" title="1991 European Indoor Championships – Singles">
1991 European Indoor Championships – Singles

Petr Korda defeated Arnaud Boetsch 6-3, 6-4 in the final to secure the title.
Seeds.
The text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18312483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312483" title="Tof Thissen">
Tof Thissen

Christoffel Paul (Tof) Thissen (born May 19, 1957 in Roermond) is a Dutch politician. Since 2004 he is member of the Senate for GreenLeft.
Life before politics.
Thissen attended a Roman Catholic primary school in Roermond. Between 1969 and 1976 he attended the gymnasium at the Episcopal college in the same city. He graduated specializing in arts. Between 1976 and 1977 he was a member of the centre-left Labour Party. In 1977 however he switched to the more leftwing Pacifist Socialist Party. Betwedeen 1977 and 1982 he studied theology at the Higher School for Theology and Pastoral Studies in Heerlen. He reached his "kandidaats" examen (roughly equivalent to a Bachelor of Arts). Between and after his study he worked at the Limburg Centre for Development Cooperation. Between 1979 and 1985 he also was the Limburg provincial coordinator for peace activities and member of the national working group for local peace groups of the oecumenical Christian pacifist Interkerkelijk Vredesberaad. After his study Thissen worked as an RE teacher at a secondary school. In this period he was chair of the Roermond PSP between 1982 and 1986.
Roermond Politics.
Between 1986 and 2002 Thissen was a member of the Roermond city council. First for Roermond Left, an alliance the PSP and the progressive Christian Political Party of Radicals and later for GreenLeft, formed by a merger of the two parties merged. Between 1987 and 1990 he returned to studying theology, now at the Catholic University Nijmegen. Thissen specialized in the ethics of the economy. He did however not finish he studies. In addition to his study Thissen also taught civics at a high school. Thissen was very active in the Roermond social movements and civil society. He served as a member of the board of Roermond branch of Stichting Vluchtelingenwerk, a foundation that helps refugees between 1987 and 1991. He also chaired the Roermond Anti-Discriminationbureau in 1988. In addition he was treasurer of the foundation Roermond Festival, between 1989 and 1994 and he chaired the board of the Roermond Cultural Youth Centre "De Azijnfabriek". He was also active in GreenLeft. Between 1989 and 1994 as member of the Limburg provincial board and between 1989 and 1992 as a member of the GreenLeft national party council.
In 1992 worked as coordinator of a Roermond labour market reintegrationprogram for young people and after that was the director of the Roermond Recycling Centre. In 1994 he became alderman in Roermond, where managed the portfolios welfare, social security, education, culture and youth. As alderman he had a range of secondary functions in regional social affairs. Since 1998 he was a member of the delegation Association of Netherlands Municipalities with the ministry of Social Affairs and Employment. He also had some national secondary functions in the social sphere. He for instance chaired the national council for the project Heel de Buurt, which worked on urban renewal. He also became chairman of the board of Divosa, the national association of managers in the sphere of labour, income and care. Since 2001 he was suppleant of the Council for Work and Income. In 1998, 2002 and 2003 he was a member of the GreenLeft selection committee for the national elections.
Senate.
In 2003 Thissen was candidate for the Senate he received a sixth place on the list. In the elections the party only received five seats. In 2004 Mirjam de Rijk left the Senate to become general director of the environmental organization Stichting Natuur en Milieu. Thissen replaced him. In the Senate, Thissen is active on the portfolios education, finance and health care. In 2007 the GreenLeft Congress made Thissen lijsttrekker for the Senate elections. He beat Yolan Koster-Dreese by a wide margin.

</doc>
<doc id="18312485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312485" title="George Abbott Way">
George Abbott Way

George Abbott Way is a section of West 45th Street northwest of Times Square in New York City, named for famed Broadway producer and director George Abbott. It is located between Rodgers and Hammerstein Row and Restaurant Row (New York City).
Notable buildings.
The area home to a large concentration of Broadway theatres, many belonging to The Shubert Organization, including:
The street is also occupied by large buildings on each corner:

</doc>
<doc id="18312521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312521" title="Saint-Léonard underground lake">
Saint-Léonard underground lake

Saint-Léonard underground lake (French "Lac souterrain de Saint-Léonard") is located at Saint Léonard in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. With a length of 300 and a width of 20 m it is the largest underground lake in Europe. It was discovered in 1943 by Jean-Jacques Pittard. Prior to 1946 the water-level was much higher, but an earthquake with a force of 5.6 on the Richter-scale opened additional fissures in the cave on January 25, 1946. Its water is constantly at . The lake is accessible by the public since 1949. Visits are organized daily from March 15 to November 1, from 9 am to 5 pm. The visit is about half an hour long, and is held in English, French, German and Italian. Ticket-prices are 10 CHF for adults and 5 CHF for children.
Access to the lake was closed from 2000 to June 2003, after the stability of the site was improved by the addition of more than 5000 bolts driven into the ceiling.

</doc>
<doc id="18312561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312561" title="Russell Schriefer">
Russell Schriefer

Russell J. Schriefer is an American political strategist and media consultant who has worked on six out of the last seven presidential campaigns. In 2012, he was a senior advisor and media consultant on Governor Mitt Romney’s presidential campaign.
In 2009 & 2013 Schriefer was the media consultant for Governor Chris Christie's campaign for Governor in New Jersey.
After graduating from Manhattan College, Schriefer got his start working for two Republican House members, and was Mid-Atlantic political director for George H. W. Bush in the 1988 campaign. He became a lobbyist, but he soured on the profession after being asked to defend a product that harmed wildlife. He then managed Rudolph W. Giuliani's unsuccessful New York mayoral campaign in 1989. During the 1996 presidential primary season, Schriefer did consulting work for Robert J. Dole for president. 
As a founding partner with Stuart Stevens and Ashley O'Connor in Strategic Partners & Media, Schriefer has worked with many Republican Governors, Senators, and Congressmen, including Governor Robert Ehrlich (MD), Senator Johnny Isakson (GA), Governor Tom Ridge (PA), Governor Bill Weld (MA), Governor Paul Cellucci (MA), Governor Bob Riley (AL), Governor Charlie Crist (FL), Senator Richard Lugar (IN), Senator John Cornyn (TX), Governor Mary Fallin (OK), Senator Dan Coats (IN), Senator Roy Blunt (MO) and Senator Rob Portman (OH). He served as program director of the 2004 & 2012 Republican conventions.
Schriefer produced campaign advertisements for George W. Bush in the 2000 and 2004 elections, gaining notoriety for an advertisement that aired in 2004 picturing Senator John Kerry windsurfing. In 2007, Stevens & Schriefer briefly served as one of Senator John McCain's media consultants. 
Schriefer also does corporate consulting. 
Russell Schriefer is married to Nina Easton, Washington Editor at "Fortune" magazine and a commentator on the Fox News Channel. He has a daughter Elizabeth Rose, and two step sons Taylor and Daniel. They live in Maryland. 

</doc>
<doc id="18312564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312564" title="Mohamed Lemine Ould Guig">
Mohamed Lemine Ould Guig

Mohamed Lemine Ould Guig (born 1958) was Prime Minister of Mauritania from 1997 to 1998. A member of the Republican Party for Democracy and Renewal, Guig was the Prime Minister between stints by Cheikh El Avia Ould Mohamed Khouna. At the time of his appointment, Guig was a 39 year old political novice.

</doc>
<doc id="18312585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312585" title="Marc Atkins">
Marc Atkins

Marc Atkins is an English artist, photographer, filmmaker and poet, born in 1962, best known for his photography of cities and nudes, also commercially for music album and book covers.
Background.
Atkins attended Staffordshire College of Art and Design, gaining a Distinction; Cheltenham School of Art, receiving a First Class Honors Degree (in sculpture), followed by Postgraduate Studies at the Jan Van Eyck Academie, Netherlands (in performance, video, film and photography). After spending the subsequent year in Rome, he returned to London.
He then moved to Canada where, he became Assistant Professor at the University of Windsor, Ontario, during which time he travelled across North America. Since then, Atkins has lived and worked in London, but has also spent extended periods of time in Rome, New York, Warsaw and Paris. He now lives in London, UK.
Atkins has presented his work and ideas on the image at lectures and conferences at venues such as the Royal Academy, London, UEL School of Architecture, London, Royal College of Art, London, Instytut Mikołowski, Poland, the New York School in Paris, The Photographers' Gallery, London and Université de Liège, Belgium.
Atkins' work is exhibited regularly, and has been published and reviewed in magazines and newspapers worldwide, including "V & A Magazine", "Le Passant Ordinaire", "Frieze", "Negronia", "Dwukropek", "Performance Research", "Porzucone twarze", "Fotographia", and "Hotshoe International".
As a commercial photographer his work has been published in many books, and has produced images for many CD covers, including David Lynch ('Good Day Today' and 'I know'), The Breeders, TV on the Radio, Scott Walker and Jah Wobble, and also for over one hundred book-jackets, including Arthur Miller, Anaïs Nin, Joseph Conrad, Georges Bataille, R. L. Stevenson, Peter Ackroyd, D. H. Lawrence, A. L. Kennedy and Iain Sinclair. He has completed several video commissions, including music videos and short films on Byam Shaw School of Art and Central Saint Martins School of Art. His work is in many public and private collections. Eleven of his prints are in the collection os the National Portrait Gallery, London.

</doc>
<doc id="18312587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312587" title="Thang Tong Gyalpo">
Thang Tong Gyalpo

Thangtong Gyalpo () (1385–1464 or 1361–1485) also known as Drubthob Chakzampa (lcags zam pa) and Tsundru Zangpo (brtson 'grus bzang po) was a great Buddhist adept, a yogi, physician, blacksmith, architect, and a pioneering civil engineer. 
He is said to have built 58 iron chain suspension bridges around Tibet and Bhutan, several of which are still in use today. He also designed and built several large stupas of unusual design including the great Kumbum Chörten at Chung Riwoche, Tibet; established the monastery of Dege Gonchen (Gongchen Monastery) in Derge; and is considered to be the father of Tibetan opera. He is associated with the Shangpa Kagyu, Nyingma and Sakya traditions of Tibetan Buddhism, and the tradition of "mad yogins" known as Nyönpa.
Biography.
Thangtong Gyalpo was born at Ölpa Lhartse in upper Tsang (modern Ngamring County) in 1385 (wood ox year, sixth cycle). 
Thangtong Gyalpo is best known for his founding of Ache Lhamo, the Tibetan opera, and the numerous iron suspension bridges he built to ease travel and pilgrimage though the Himalayas. He established a song and dance troupe of seven sisters to raise the money needed to build these bridges.
Thangtong Gyalpo also founded Gongchen Monastery, a large Sakya Tibetan Buddhist monastery and printing centre in the town of Derge, in Sichuan, China, previously the Tibetan region of Kham.
Thangtong Gyalpo opened the route through the land of Kongpo aborigines (the Lo) where he obtained iron for his bridges and rights of passage for Tibetan pilgrims to visit the holy places in Tsari to the southeast of Dakpo, near the Indian border. 
He is also considered to be the patron saint of theatre and became known as 'the madman of the empty land' ("lang-ston smyon-pa"). Plays traditionally have an altar erected in the middle of the 'stage' surrounded by trees, where the 'god of drama,' Thangtong Gyalpo, is worshiped as an elderly man with a white beard.
He is said to have made 108 iron-chain suspension bridges (though another account says 58 suspension bridges and 118 ferry-crossings), the most celebrated being the one over the ain about 2 km wide, before they flow north into the Yarlung Tsangpo River or Brahmaputra
Yarlung River, also called Yarlung Tsangpo River Tsanpo near modern Chushul (Qüxü). He is often shown in murals with long white hair and holding some chain links from his bridges.
One of his iron chain suspension bridges, Chakzam Bridge, about 65 km from Lhasa, at Yarlung Tsangpo River, still existed in 1948, though it was in need of repairs and no longer used, the crossing being made by ferry. The old bridge was destroyed when a new one was opened about a hundred metres west of it. The old bridge was described as being of ancient design: "two thick chains are tied to heavy wooden beams underneath the pillars, from the top of which are suspended 12-foot (4 m) ropes hung from the chains and support wooden boards a yard (1 m) long and a foot (30 cm) broad, allowing passage for one man. The bridge is a hundred paces long."
At the south end of the Tsangpo bridge was Thangtong Gyalpo's main gompa, Chaksam Chuwo Ri and he lived in the Chaksam Labrang, the main building of the complex which included the assembly hall. The gompa had a hundred monks supported by the toll on the bridge. There was also a large chorten known as Tangtong's Kumbum at the southern end of the bridge which contained his relics, and a chapel at the top contained an image of him. Dowman reports that "all evidence of its existence has now vanished".
According to Tibetan Buddhist Resource Center one of his teachers was Niguma, and Dorje Pakmo Chokyi Dronma (1422–1455) was one of his students. He is said to have recognized her as Dorje Phagmo and to have associated her with this deity's prophecies, and later to have identified her reincarnation.
He started his own religious tradition (Thang lugs) within the Shangpa Kagyu (shangs pa bka' brgyud) lineage. He founded the Chakzampa (lCags zampa) tradition by combining the Shangpa Kagyu and Jangter (Byang gter) 
Thang Tong Gyalpo in Bhutan.
In 1433, Drubthob Thangtong Gyalpo and his disciples traveled to Phari in the Chumbi valley of Tibet, and from there to Paro Taktsang Senge Samdrup in Bhutan. According to his biography, while performing rituals of Vajrakilaya there, he had a vision of the assembly of the Eight Classes of Heruka "(sgrub pa bka' brgyad)" meditational deities with Vajrakumara as the central figure. 
It is said that a nine-headed Naga spirit, who was the guardian of the sacred place of Paro Taktsang, declared “your religious inheritance was concealed here by Ogyen Rinpoche, please make your discovery and reveal it”. Thereupon Drubchen Thangtong Gyalpo extracted a sacred scroll ten body lengths long from the cliff of Taktsang. 
The line of mountains where Taktsang is located is shaped like a black snake with its head in the middle of the Paro valley. On the nose of this snake the Drubthob constructed Dumtseg Lhakhang, a stupa-shaped temple and pronounced that all diseases caused by evil spirits residing under the ground were suppressed and that the valley would be free from leprosy. 
Arriving at a place called Phurdo, he saw a five-coloured rainbow upon which were seated Buddha Amitabha, Avalokitesvara and Padmasambhava and declared that the place was as sacred as Potala mountain. At Tamchogang, at the foot of the Phurdo mountains, he established Tamchog Lhakhang temple and made sacred representations of the Buddha's body, speech and mind. This temple, which located opposite the road from Paro about 5 km before Chudzom, is still maintained by the descendants of Drubtob Thang Tong Gyalpo. 
From there he travelled to Drawang Tengchin where a rich man named Olag presented him three hundred and forty coins and turquoises and requested him to extract water. He did so and the water was sufficient to feed not only the people and cattle but also irrigate the fields. He then arrived at Gophog and told Lama Gyaltshen that he needed large quantities of iron to help him build links for compassionate purposes. Lama Gyaltshen answered that he would make available one hundred pieces of iron if the Drubthob could show him a proof of his attainment. The Drubthob told him to bring a boulder that was near the bridge which he split it into two just by pointing his finger. Within the stone they saw a live scorpion, the size of a thumb with innumerable of new-born scorpions. The Drubthob prayed in Samadhi and the insects instantly disappeared in the form of a rainbow ans he proclaimed that he had sent them to Sukhavati.
At Wundul Shari, he climbed a steep mountain cliff, impossible to climb by the ordinary humans and stayed there for a month. He said that the cliff contained caves like Tashigomang and the place resembled Shambala in the north. However, he said, as the ordinary people could not go there, he had made a door. When the people looked up they found an opening that did not exist earlier on the face of the cliff. Then he travelled to Wundul, Gyaldung and Langsamar, and upper and lower Ha region. He converted the offerings that he received into iron and renovated the iron bridge there. Then he went back to Dromo Dorje Gur in Tibet. 
From there, he travelled again to Thimphu and Thed valleys where he built an iron bridge at Bardrong. His journey then took him to Rued and Kunzangling where Lama Thuchen presented him with two hundred and fifty pieces of iron. It is said that he also built the Chiwotokha Lhakhang Shar district during this visit. He took all the offerings including the iron pieces to Paro, turning himself into eighteen persons, he went into different villages such as Dolpoiphu, Tsharlungnang, Dungkhar, Jiwu, Nyagbu and Lholingkha, and instructed eighteen blacksmiths to forge iron links. 
After about three months, he had seven thousand iron links and many iron hammers and bars. At Kewangphug and other places, he built stupas to subdue the spirits of these areas. At Changlungkha Rawakha, Nyal Phagmodrong, Tachogang, Wundul Dronkar, Silung, Bagdrong, Binangkhachey, Daglha, Gyirling and Nyishar, he conducted a lot of religious activities by providing image, scripture, stupa, iron bridges and established meditation centres. 
When he returned to Phari, the patrons and monks of the new monastery in Paro, reached one thousand four hundred loads of iron (fifteen pieces of iron making a load), and seven hundred loads of ink, paper and other goods to Phari.
Death.
Thangtong Gyalpo is said to have "passed away bodily, in the way of a sky-farer" in his 125th year at Riwoche.

</doc>
<doc id="18312595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312595" title="The Remorseful Day">
The Remorseful Day

The Remorseful Day is a crime novel by Colin Dexter, the last novel in the Inspector Morse series.
Title.
The title derives from a line in the poem "XVI - (How clear, how lovely bright)", from "More Poems", by A. E. Housman, a favourite poet of Dexter's and Morse: 
Plot.
Morse tries to solve the unsolved murder of Yvonne Harrison as his health deteriorates.
Morse dies of cardiac failure at the end of the story.

</doc>
<doc id="18312597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312597" title="Chim Pui-chung">
Chim Pui-chung

Chim Pui-chung (born 1946, Chaozhou, Guangdong, China) is a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (Legco), representing the Final Services Functional Constituency. He is director of several companies.
Political career.
Chim was a legislative councillor from 1991 until he was jailed for conspiring to forge documents in 1998, whereupon he was impeached and disqualified as a legislator by Legco. He was released from prison in 1999. In 2004, he was re-elected unopposed as legislative councillor for the financial services constituency. In 2008 he was again elected.
In 2005, he was an unsuccessful candidate in the Hong Kong Chief Executive election, receiving only 21 nominations from the Election Committee, less than the minimum requirement of 100. As a result, Donald Tsang was declared the uncontested winner.

</doc>
<doc id="18312603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312603" title="Chellaston Academy">
Chellaston Academy

Chellaston Academy (formerly Chellaston Foundation School) is a comprehensive school and Academy in Chellaston in the Derby area of England, United Kingdom.
Its catchment area traditionally includes Chellaston, Aston-on-Trent, Weston-on-Trent, Melbourne, Ticknall, Barrow upon Trent and other areas of South Derbyshire.
Pupils' ages range from 11 year-olds in year 7, through to adults in the sixth form college. The school opened in 1977 and its sixth form is the largest in Derby. In 2005, the school had a total of 1580 students.
The school has historically had a newsletter, called "The Causeway" until 2010. 
The school officially became an Academy on 1 December 2010.
Background Information.
The first build of the school started in 1975 and was finished in 1977, providing 450 places for students, and the second build, completed in November 1978, created another 300 places. In September 1994, an extension to the technology block was completed, facilitating the options of Art, Design, Wet and Dry Textiles along with other such technology facilities, while the Performing Arts Studio (in the main block) was converted from the Lecture Theater.
A £2.21m Sixth Form Centre was opened in September 1995. Simultaneously, the library was extended.
In 1997, the school was further extended to accommodate the growing number of students wanting to attend. A specialised Mathematics block was completed, containing 8 classrooms. The sports hall was also completed. The Humanities block was built in 2000 along with another four science labs in a new building (loosely specialised for the teaching of biology), separate from the existing science block. In January 2003, the Humanities block was substantially extended, adding a Refectory (functioning as a substitute to the Main Hall as a canteen) and a large new IT suite. 
In September 2004, the Music and Drama block was built in order to accommodate the increasing applicants, allowing the school to hold approximately 1700 students. 
Traditionally, the school catering was managed by the in-school catering team. However, in 2009 the management of student meals was outsourced to an independent company, as part of the Chellaston Academy Healthy Schools Programme. The construction of three new laboratories has recently been completed in September 2011, increasing the number of classrooms in the Science Block. Recently added has been an extension to the sports hall and an addition to the music and drama block providing a theater for students to perform at events throughout the year.

</doc>
<doc id="18312610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312610" title="1954–55 United States network television schedule (weekday)">
1954–55 United States network television schedule (weekday)

These are the daytime Monday–Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1954. All times are Eastern and Pacific.
Talk shows are highlighted in yellow, local programming is white, reruns of prime-time programming are orange, game shows are pink, soap operas are chartreuse, news programs are gold and all others are light blue. New series are highlighted in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="18312613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312613" title="Eleonora Wexler">
Eleonora Wexler

Eleonora Wexler (born April 2, 1974, in Buenos Aires, Federal District, Argentina) is an ACE Awarded Argentine actress, who started her career in Argentine version of the musical "Annie", aged nine.

</doc>
<doc id="18312614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312614" title="Jan Laurier">
Jan Laurier

Johannes Pieter (Jan) Laurier (born November 15, 1949 in Leiden) is a Dutch politician. From 2007 to 2011, he was a member of the Senate for GreenLeft.
Laurier studied sociology and during his studies he was active in the Leiden social movements. In 1981 he founded the left wing city paper. Between 1983 and 1993 he worked as a researcher for the research centre on Land Management and Public Housing and the Leiden Institute for Social Science.
In 1987 Laurier joined the Leiden City Council for the Left Leiden, an alliance of the communist Communist Party of the Netherlands, the left-socialist Pacifist Socialist Party and the progressive Christian Political Party of Radicals. Laurier himself was a member of the CPN. In 1990 the three parties merged to form GreenLeft. Between 1990 and 1993 Laurier was fractievoorzitter of GreenLeft in the Leiden city council. Between 1993 and 1998 he was alderman for social affairs, integration and employment. He also was vice-mayor. When he was vice-mayor Laurier was arrested during a clearing of a Leiden squat. He refused to give his identity, because no one had committed a crime. In order to release those who were already detained he gave out his identity as vice-mayor. He also joined a marathon occupation of the Bulderbos by members of Milieudefensie.
Between 2002 and 2003 he was member of the city council. When he left he was made Knight in the Order of Oranje-Nassau. 
In 2002 Laurier became director of the Landelijke Cliëntenraad, the national council for people receiving social security-allowances. In 2003 he also became chair of the Woonbond, which represents people who rent their house. In the 2007 Senate election, Laurier was elected with preference votes by provincial councillors from South Holland.

</doc>
<doc id="18312634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312634" title="Indian School, Al Wadi Al Kabir">
Indian School, Al Wadi Al Kabir

The Indian School Al Wadi Al Kabir (ISWK), established in 1939, is located in the city of Muscat, Oman. The school was founded by an Indian born Omani businessman Khimji Ramdas. Mr. Leo Lobo was principal of the school since 1990 to Spring 2008. The present principal is Mr. D Nageswar Rao.
History and Background.
The school was established in 1939 and welcomed its first set of students on 2 July of the same year. After fifty years of steady progress, the school celebrated its Golden jubilee on 1 November 1991. Though originally a Gujarati medium school, the school began to feel a growing pressure and demand to convert the medium of instruction to English so as to meet the challenges of the modern era. The management in June 1987 effected this change.
The years have flown by since and the standard set by the school has seen the student strength grow very positively each year. Prior to 1993 it was situated at different locations and the growing demand for admission began to strain its existing facilities.
It was therefore, decided to shift the entire school to a larger and well designed building that would offer better facilities in terms of a large playground, spacious classrooms, laboratories, a hall and adequate administrative space.
In 1992,l it was also decided to upgrade it to secondary level. An application for a composite affiliation was made in the academic year 1992-93. The rented premises of the school and its future plans for a state-of-the-art school building were inspected in November 1992 and the school was granted composite affiliation until Grade X for 1993 (vide C.B.S.E. letter reference number CBSE/Aff/91/61304, dated 22-12-1992). The first batch of Class X students appeared at the AISS Examination of the C.B.S.E. in March 1996. It was upgraded to Senior Secondary School in 1999 and the first batch of Class XII students appeared at the Board examination in 2001.
The current school building was constructed in 1992-93 and occupied in the beginning of the following academic year. As it is located in an area called Al Wadi Al Kabir, Indian School Muttrah as it was called from 1987, was renamed Indian School Al Wadi Al Kabir as per the instructions of the Directorate of the Ministry of Education. This building, apart from having spacious, airy and sunlit classrooms, also has all the facilities that are required of a good school, like separate science laboratories, IT laboratories, a library, an art room, a music room, an audio-visual room, a multipurpose hall with facilities for indoor games, and adequate space for some outdoor games.
By the time the school moved to the new premises in Wadi Kabir, the number on roll had increased and an afternoon shift was introduced on the same premises. However, because the two-shift system was very inconvenient to parents and students, it was abolished and pre-primary and some of the primary classes were shifted to rented premises. At the same time plans were being prepared for a new state-of-the-art building in Wadi Kabir, which was ready in July 2000. It currently houses Classes I to XII. 
Academics.
ISWK is a private, co-educational day school that is under the Central Board of Secondary Education of India. The school offers complete educational services starting from Kindergarten through to 12th grade senior school and follows the CBSE syllabus, which is regarded world wide as one of the toughest syllabi in the world. 
In the last two years, 11th and 12th, students can choose from two streams of specializations, Commerce and Science, and the subjects include accounting, business studies, mathematics, economics, history, physical and health education, art education, computer science, biology, physics and chemistry. The school also offers foreign languages such as French and Arabic and Malayalam.
Faculty.
The best asset of the school are its teachers; they form its backbone. All the teachers of the School are well qualified. To keep them abreast with developments in the field of education, frequent in-house workshops are conducted. Apart from these, in-service workshops by experts in different subjects are also periodically conducted. Some of these that have been held in the past few years were in Hindi, Mathematics and Social Studies at the Middle and the Secondary level, in Mathematics and Environmental Studies for Primary teachers and on Activity based approach for Kindergarten. Objective-based teaching and evaluation, Value Education in classroom are a few other topics. These staff developmental activities have enabled us to re-organize teaching to make it activity oriented, project and application-based, with emphasis on the acquisition of the skills of self-learning by children. Methods of evaluation have also undergone a change in keeping with the current teaching-learning approach.
Alumni.
Some of the notable alumni of the school is Sarah Jane Dias who was Miss India 2007, Manjari Babu, Malayali playback singer, and Ryan Dias who was a noted participant in STAR Voice of India 2.and Aadnya Borkar in ice skating for the participation in national level. Also Binju Babu, a notable Malayali actress and Sri Lankan Born Shihab Akill Daiyan is a Teacher, Writer, famous Entertainer and a great social worker are part of ISWK. In fact, Shihab is the only Sri Lankan to have represented ISWK in cricket in the inaugural edition of Inter School Cricket Championships 1996-97.

</doc>
<doc id="18312637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312637" title="Logan's World">
Logan's World

Logan's World (1977) is a science fiction novel by William F. Nolan. It is a sequel to "Logan's Run" (1967), written by Nolan and George Clayton Johnson.
Plot.
Logan and Jessica have lived on Argos (the fabled "Sanctuary"), a space station in orbit about Mars, for four years, along with three thousand other "Runners". They have a two-year-old son named Jaq.
On Earth, Ballard's escape line for Runners at Cape Steinbeck is discovered and destroyed by Deep Sleep operatives. Ballard escapes to Crazy Horse Mountain, and sabotages the Thinker complex buried in the catacombs below the statue. Although he is killed in the explosion, he succeeds in destroying the computer network and making the world free.
With Ballard's death, supply ships to Argos cease. For six more years the Runners there hang on, until there are less than a few dozen of them. They have no more food, and plague is running rampant. They draw straws—a handful will return to Earth. Logan, Jessica and Jaq are among those chosen.
Logan and family settle with a group called the Wilderness People along the Potomac River in Washington D. C. Life is tough—learning to farm is not easy—but good until Jaq falls deathly ill. Logan sneaks back into the Angeles Complex to get medicine for his son. While he is gone, an insane pack of devilstick-riding Borgia gypsies murders Jaq and kidnaps Jessica. Logan finds himself on the run again, this time to save his wife, and to avenge his murdered child.
As the story unfolds, he meets blind mystics who live on the rusted shell of the Golden Gate Bridge, he travels to the New York Complex, and finally back to Crazy Horse Mountain where he discovers the Thinker is being reactivated by Gant, a former DS man, one who passionately hates Logan for his part in destroying his world. Gant has purchased Jessica from the gypsies to lure Logan into a trap.
Mary Mary, a young woman, who as a "Cub" met Logan and Jessica on their earlier run, helps them defeat Gant's plan to reenslave mankind.
Continuity.
Logan still has his Gun in this novel, which is a retcon by Nolan as he lost it at the end of the previous novel when it went "wild" (sounded an alarm when Logan's palm flower went black). In this book, Logan has the Gun in a box.
In the third novel in the series, "Logan's Search", Nolan addresses this apparent continuity error as Logan muses about how he obtained and altered another Sandman's gun after joining the Wilderness People, to deactivate its identity sensing technology, which is described as an exacting and delicate process, meaning that the Gun he uses in "Logan's World" is not his original Gun.

</doc>
<doc id="18312648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312648" title="Al Schroll">
Al Schroll

Albert Bringhurst "Bull" Schroll (March 22, 1932 – November 30, 1999) was an American pitcher in Major League Baseball. Schroll played from through for the Boston Red Sox (1958–59), Philadelphia Phillies (1959), Chicago Cubs (1960) and Minnesota Twins (1961). Listed at , , he batted and threw right-handed. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana.
In a four season career, Schroll posted a 6–9 record with a 5.34 ERA in 35 appearances, including 13 starts, three complete games, 63 strikeouts, 64 walks, and 118.0 innings of work.
Schroll died in Alexandria, Virginia at the age of 67.

</doc>
<doc id="18312660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312660" title="Carlos Alfredo Rodríguez">
Carlos Alfredo Rodríguez

Carlos Alfredo Rodríguez (born in Argentina in 1947) is an international academic and economist. 
Early career.
Rodriguez obtained his undergraduate degree in Economics from the University of Buenos Aires in 1969, and the Ph.D. (Economics) from The University of Chicago in 1973. Between 1973 and 1978, he taught at Columbia University in New York. In 1979, he returned to Argentina and joined CEMA (Center of Argentine Macroeconomic Studies). 
International role.
He has been Visiting Professor at the University of Chicago, Princeton University and the University of Montevideo, as well as Consultant and Visiting Scholar at the World Bank, the Agency for International Development (AID), and the International Monetary Fund. As an international consultant he has participated in missions in almost all countries in Latin America as well as Poland, Czechoslovakia, the ex-USSR and Romania. In 1987, he was designated member of the Argentine Academy of Economic Sciences. Between 1996 and 1998, he was Vice-Minister of Economics and Secretary for Economic Policy of Argentina. In 1994, he was the founding President of the Universidad del CEMA (Rector), a position he still holds today (2013). At UCEMA, he is also Director of the Ph.D. Program in Economics, and Professor of International Monetary Economics.
Publications.
He has published more than 60 papers in international journals, including Econometrica, American Economic Review and the Journal of Political Economy. His main research fields are Macroeconomics and International Economics. Other academic activities include: Member of the Editorial Board of the World Bank Economic Review(1988-90), founding Editor of the Journal of Applied Economics (1998-2008), Guggenheim Fellow (1983-84), and Director of the Center of Applied Economics at UCEMA.

</doc>
<doc id="18312662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312662" title="Ultra Pong Doubles">
Ultra Pong Doubles

Ultra Pong Doubles was a color version of the Atari Pong by Atari. But it can play 15 more games than the Atari pong. It had the original pong and hockey games, for 2, 3, and 4 players. The games were Pong, Super pong, hyper pong, ultra pong, hockey, super hockey, hyper hockey, ultra hockey, barrier pong, super barrier pong, hyper barrier pong, ultra barrier pong, barrier hockey, super barrier hockey, hyper barrier hockey and ultra barrier hockey.

</doc>
<doc id="18312673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312673" title="Huai Army">
Huai Army

The Huai Army (淮軍) (named for the Huai River), also known as the Anhui Army, was a Qing Dynasty military force raised to contain the Taiping Rebellion in 1862. It helped to restore the stability of the Qing Dynasty. Unlike the traditional Green Standard or Banner forces of the Qing, the Huai Army was largely a militia army, based on personal rather than institutional loyalties. It was armed with a mixture of traditional and modern weapons. Li Hongzhang leader of part of the Xiang Army, created the Huai Army in October 1861. It succeeded the Xiang Army. The Huai Army was succeeded by the New Army and the Beiyang Army, which were created in the late 19th century.
Founding.
Before recovering Anqing in late 1861, Zeng Guofan ordered his student Li Hongzhang to bring some of the Xiang Army back to Anhui, Li's homeland, for military service, and to organize an independent force under Li Hongzhang's command. Their total strength was 25,000 soldiers. This force included some Taiping soldiers in Anqing who had surrendered. Li combined these forces into one army, and after three months of training they fought their first battle, the Battle of Shanghai (1861).
Li Hongzhang was in overall command of the Huai Army, which was part of the new series of regional armies, known as the Yung-ying, introduced into China after the Nian Rebellion. Unlike the Manchu Eight Banners or the Green Standard Army, officers in these regional armies were not rotated, the officers chose the soldiers under their command and formed paternalistic relationships with them. These armies were equipped with modern weapons.
Officers from the Anhwei Army such as Ch'a Lien-piao (Zha Lianbiao) also studied Western military drill overseas in Germany, 
General Zhou Shengchuan was the t'ung-ling/tongling (commander) of one of the Anhui Army's best units in Zhihli. He encouraged the purchase of modern, foreign weapons to Li Hongzhang. The Anhwei Army's paternalism and the relationships between soldiers and officers was praised by General Zhou. General Zhou also practiced nepotism in his unit. 
Western military drill was implemented by Zhou, officers were encouraged to participate. Rewards and punishments were implemented for respectively good and bad marksmanship, with "badges of merit" and money given out. 
Zhou was extremely interested in modern technology such as medicine, telegraphs, and railways, criticizing the British advisor Charles Gordon for not considering the use of them extensively in war. Li Hongzhang's German instructor officers were criticized by Zhou over their lack of knowledge of prone firing and fighting at night time. Westerners and Japanese praised his troops, and they were considered "first-rate". Zhou said that a 'twilight air' had settled upon the force after two decades, its performance declined. 
Non Commissioned officers in the Anhwei Army were given "special training". 
Li Hongzhang gave high ranking officerships in the Green Standard Army of Zhihli to officers from the Anhui Army. 
Units of the Anhui Army served against the French in Tonkin and Formosa during the Sino-French War. Although they were occasionally victorious, they lost most of the battles in which they were engaged. 
Anhui Army troops were stationed in various provinces all across China such as Zhihli, Shanxi, Hubei, Jiangsu, and Shaanxi by the government, around 45,000 in total. They also fought in the First Sino-Japanese War. 
General Liu Mingchuan's leadership over the Anhwei Army enabled the Chinese to match up against the French forces in combat on Taiwan. 
When the French attempted to seize Taiwan's Keelung forts, and attack near Tamsui, they were beaten back by the Anhwei soldiers under General Liu. 
Most of the Huai army officers did not hold official degrees and titles, since after the modernization introduced into the Chinese military, more common people rather than scholars began to enlist in military service.

</doc>
<doc id="18312680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312680" title="Lhamo">
Lhamo

Lhamo, or Ache Lhamo, which literally means "sister goddess", is a Tibetan folk opera. It is a combination of dances, chants and songs. The repertoire is drawn from Chinese Buddhist stories and Tibetan folklore history.
The Tibetan opera was founded in the 14th century by Thang Tong Gyalpo, a Lama and a bridge builder. Gyalpo and seven recruited girls organized the first performance to raise funds for building bridges, which would facilitate transportation in Tibet. The tradition continued, and lhamo is held on various festive occasions such as the Linka and Shoton festival.
The Tibetan Institute of Performing Arts at Dharamsala, runs an opera company, which produces shows to promote this art form. Brooklyn-based singer Doe Paoro trained there while living in the region, and blends the opera's vocally acrobatic stylings with elements of soul, dubstep, and R&B.
The Lhamo is part of the China's UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage List.
"See also": Yungchen Lhamo

</doc>
<doc id="18312682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312682" title="Lebanese Basketball League">
Lebanese Basketball League

The Lebanese Basketball League or FLB League is the top basketball league in Lebanon and one of the top leagues in Asia. It is organised annually as a national championship with playoffs and a national cup by the Lebanese Basketball Federation (FLB). 
The Men Division A made up of 12 teams is named BANKMED FLB League due to sponsorship reasons. 

</doc>
<doc id="18312684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312684" title="Killymoon Rangers F.C.">
Killymoon Rangers F.C.

Killymoon Rangers Football Club is an intermediate, Northern Irish football club playing in NIFL Championship 2. Nicknamed the 'BlueMoon' by supporters, Killymoon Rangers are located in the historic town of Cookstown, County Tyrone. They play their home games at the Mid Ulster Sports Arena. They were one of the first teams to play on a plastic, 3rd generation pitch in Northern Ireland's top football leagues. They are currently managed by George Dardis, with Coach Ned Coyle.
History.
Killymoon Rangers were established in 1971 and is the oldest football club in Cookstown by a considerable number of years. Originally formed to play in the Cookstown Street League, Killymoon joined the Mid Ulster Street League soon after. In July 2008 they were promoted to the IFA Championship. The Reserves now play in the in Ballymena and Provisional junior Division One. The first manager of the club was Wilfie McPartand, assisted by Willie Jordan with former Coleraine chairman Sammy Lyle captaining the team. After spells in the Mid Ulster Intermediate League Killymoon entered the newly formed IFA Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18312688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312688" title="Sales (disambiguation)">
Sales (disambiguation)

Sales are the activities involved in selling products or services. See also Sales (accounting), operating revenues earned by a company when it sells its products.
Sales may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18312699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312699" title="Great Rutland Cavern">
Great Rutland Cavern

Great Rutland Cavern is one of two caves at the Heights of Abraham, Matlock, Derbyshire, England. The other is Great Masson Cavern.
Great Rutland Cavern is a small cave consisting of a narrow passage and a chamber leading into the Nestus Grotto. Sometimes a face of sunlight can be seen through holes in the rock which is called the devils face. At the end of the tour there is a display on what it was like mining in the 19th century.
It was first opened to the public in 1812 and was then known as 'Nestor mine'. It was then, and previously, mined for lead and various other minerals.

</doc>
<doc id="18312702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312702" title="Tineke Strik">
Tineke Strik

Martina Hermina Antonia (Tineke) Strik (born 28 September 1961 in Alphen, Gelderland) is a Dutch politician. she is a member of the Senate for GreenLeft.
Biography.
Between 1979 and 1983 Strik studied social-cultural work at the social academy "Den Elzent" in Eindhoven. In the meanwhile she worked at the Kindertelefoon, a phone help line for children. Between 1981 and 1985 she worked as a youth worker at the Cultural Youth Centre "De Effelaar" in Eindhoven. She continued to study international law at the Radboud University between 1985 and 1991, she also studied Turkish, between 1989 and 1991. Between 1990 and 1993 she worked a legal consultant at the Youh Advice Centre in Amsterdam. Between 1994 and 1995 she briefly studied law at the Radbouw University. She also took courses at the Red Cross, Clingendael, and the University Utrecht, where she studied war law, European law and administrative law. Between 1993 and 1996 she worked at Vluchtelingenwerk, an organization that helps refugees, as a legal consultant. She then worked as a judicial secretary at the court of Zwolle, working for the chamber of refugees. In 1997 she made the switch to politics: she began to work for the GreenLeft parliamentary party as a policy advisor on justice. Between 2001 and 2002 she worked as policy coordinator for the Ministry of Justice.
Between 2002 and 2006 she was alderman for social affairs, including youth, culture and minorities in Wageningen. In 2004 she also became researcher-PhD-candidate at the Centre for Migration law of the Radboud University. She had several positions within the GreenLeft. She was member of the Strategic Council, a council of local and national GreenLeft politicians on the party's course. In 2005-2006 she was a member of the committee which wrote GreenLeft's election program. She also was suppleant of the congress of local government of the Council of Europe and observer at the 2005 local elections in the Palestinian National Authority.
In 2007 she was elected into the Senate. In 2008 she announced that she was one of five candidates for the position of top candidate for the GreenLeft in the 2009 European Parliament election.

</doc>
<doc id="18312713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312713" title="Papal election, 1227">
Papal election, 1227

Papal election of March 19, 1227 – papal election convoked after the death of Pope Honorius III at Rome (March 18, 1227).
The cardinals present at Rome assembled in Septizodium on the next day after the death of Honorius III and decided to elect the new Pope by "compromissum", it means not by the whole Sacred College of Cardinals but by the committee of few of them, empowered by the rest to appoint the new Pontiff. The same procedure had been already used in the previous election. The committee numbered three cardinals, among whom were cardinal-bishops Ugolino di Segni of Ostia and Konrad von Urach of Porto (the name of the third one is not registered). Initially the committee elected its member Konrad von Urach with two votes out three, but he refused the tiara. Hereupon the rest of cardinals unanimously elected Ugolino di Segni (another committee member) on March 19, 1227. He reluctantly accepted the high honour, taking the name of Gregory IX.
The new Pope received the pallium in the Vatican Basilica on March 21, 1227, and on the same day was enthroned in the Lateran Basilica. On April 11, 1227, his relative Ottaviano Conti di Segni, archdeacon of the Sacred College, solemnly crowned him in the Basilica di S. Maria in Maggiore.
List of participants.
Probably 15 out of 18 cardinals participated in the election:
Absentee cardinal.
Probably three cardinals were absent:
Sources.
Konrad Eubel, "Hierarchia Catholica Medii Aevi, volumen I", 1913
F. Bourkle-Young: notes to the papal election of 1227
Vatican history
The Catholic Encyclopedia: Pope Gregory IX
Werner Maleczek, "Papst und Kardinalskolleg von 1191 bis 1216", Wien 1984
Timo Bandhold, Die Wahl Papst Gregors IX., 2007, ISBN 3-638-81022-4
Gaetano Moroni, "Dizionario di erudizione storico-ecclesiastica da S. Pietro sino ai nostri giorni" Vol. XXXII and vol. LXXXV, Tipografia Emiliana, Venezia, 1840 - 1861 

</doc>
<doc id="18312727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312727" title="Short Type 827">
Short Type 827

The Short Type 827 was a 1910s British two-seat reconnaissance floatplane. It was also known as the Short Admiralty Type 827.
Design and development.
The Short Type 827 was a two-bay biplane with unswept equal span wings, a slightly smaller development of the Short Type 166. It had a box section fuselage mounted on the lower wing. It had twin floats under the forward fuselage, plus small floats fitted at the wingtips and tail. It was powered by a nose-mounted Sunbeam Nubian engine, with a two-bladed tractor propeller. The crew of two sat in open cockpits in tandem.
The aircraft was built by Short Brothers (36 aircraft,) and also produced by different contractors around the United Kingdom, i.e. Brush Electrical (20), Parnall (20), Fairey (12) and Sunbeam (20).
The Short Type 830 was a variant powered by a 135 hp (101 kW) Salmson water-cooled radial engine.

</doc>
<doc id="18312745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312745" title="18th King Edward's Own Cavalry">
18th King Edward's Own Cavalry

The 18th King Edward's Own Cavalry was a regular cavalry regiment in the British Indian Army. It was formed in 1921 by the amalgamation of the 6th King Edward's Own Cavalry and the 7th Hariana Lancers. These regiments served the British Crown from before the Indian Mutiny to World War II.
6th King Edward's Own Cavalry.
The 6th King Edward' Own Cavalry was raised at Fatehgarh in 1842 by Lt W H Ryves as the 8th Regiment of Bengal Irregular Cavalry,
Their first action was in 1843 during the Gwalior Campaign in central India for which they earned the battle honour "Punniar".
In 1845 they were involved in the First Anglo-Sikh War and participated in the "Battle of Moodkee" the 
"Battle of Ferozeshah" and the "Battle of Sobraon"
They were next in action in Egypt during the 1882 Anglo-Egyptian War where they were awarded the battle honours
"Egypt 1882" as a theatre honour and also honours for the "Battle of Tel-El-Kebir". It was while on service in Egypt that khaki was worn by all ranks for the first time.
During World War I they were part of the 1st Indian Cavalry Division, 2nd (Sialkot) Cavalry Brigade which arrived in France in November 1914. They were involved in the First Battle of Ypres and other actions on the Western Front but notably in, the German Retreat to the Hindenburg Line and the Battle of Cambrai
The brigade formation was;
They moved to Egypt in March 1918 and were transferred to 22nd Mounted Brigade. They took part in Allenby's campaign in Palestine.
The regiment then spent the period 1919-20 in West Asia on occupation duties. It returned to India in October 1920, landing at Bombay from where it took a train to Ferozepur which is reached on 15 October 1920.
7th Hariana Lancers.
The 7th Hariana Lancers was formed in 1846 as a regiment of Bengal Irregular Cavalry raised in Meerut and Cawnpore by Captain Liptrott. The Regiment was raised after the First Sikh War in anticipation of the Second War starting. When the Second Sikh War broke out, they did not become involved in any engagements but found themselves in the reserve force.
In 1857 when the Indian Mutiny broke out they were stationed on the North West Frontier the regiment remained loyal and did not mutiny. As a result of the mutiny and the reconstruction of the Bengal army, the irregular cavalry regiments 8th to 16th were disbanded and the 17th became the 7th Bengal Cavalry.
They went to Burma in 1886 during the 3rd Burmese War which would be their last action until the Great War.
In 1915 during World War I they were part of the forces sent to Mesopotamia and fought in the Battle of Shaiba
where on 13 Apr Major Wheeler received a posthumous VC. They would lose a squadron in the actions at Kut-Al-Amara, they returned to Bolarum in October 1916. 
Like all regiments of the Indian Army, the 7th Cavalry underwent many name changes in the various reorganisations. They are listed below.
There seems to be no reason for the name chosen in the 1904 reorganisation other than a large number of the men came from that district. 
In December 1919 the regiment moved to Mesopotamia, landing at Basra on 31 December. They served here until July 1920 when it returned to India, returning to its depot as Risalpur on 12 July.
Victoria Cross.
One member of the 7th Hariana Lancers was awarded the Victoria Cross, Major George Godfrey Massy Wheeler.
On 12 April 1915 at Shaiba, Mesopotamia, Major Wheeler led his squadron in an attempt to capture a flag which was the centre-point of a group of the enemy who were firing on one of his troop's picquets. He advanced, attacked the enemy's infantry with the lance, and then retired while the enemy swarmed out of hidden ground where Royal Artillery guns could attack them. On 13 April Major Wheeler led his squadron to the attack of the North Mound. He was seen far ahead of his men, riding straight for the enemy's standards, but was killed in the attack.
World War II.
In World War II the regiment was mechanised in December 1940 and attached to the 3rd Indian Motor Brigade which as initially part of the 31st Indian Armoured Division.
The brigade was sent to Egypt and the Western Desert Campaign and was attached to a number of different formations including the 2nd Armoured Division, 7th Armoured Division and the 9th Australian Division who they were with at the Siege of Tobruk.
It also supplied men for the Indian Long Range Squadron. The brigade was later overrun by the Italians during the Battle of Gazala and took some days to reform. 
The Brigade formation was:
However the 3rd Indian Motor Brigade part of the desert war was over. On 30 June the Brigade was ordered to hand over 50% its vehicles to the 8th Army. The brigade was dispersed in July, initially allotted to the defence of the Delta then ordered to perform guard duties however it was reformed in August. It travelled overland to Sahneh in Persia via Baghdad, again under the command of 31st Indian Armoured Division where it remained until late November, when they moved to Shaibah, seven miles from Basra. From here the Regiment returned to India in January 1943 and the brigade was reconstituted as the 43rd Indian Infantry Brigade (Lorried) at Shaibah at the end of January 1943.
When in India it moved to Rawalpindi in the middle of 1943 and commenced conversion and reorganisation as a light cruiser regiment. By the end of the year the regiment successfully converted into a light cruiser tank regiment. The regiment was split up after that, serving in different parts of India when the Japanese surrender came in August 1945.
External links.
Follow this link to view the uniforms of the late 19th Century

</doc>
<doc id="18312749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312749" title="Soledad Fandiño">
Soledad Fandiño

Soledad Fandiño (Born April 7, 1982; in Flores, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine stage, television and feature film actress. 
Soledad Fandiño debuted as an actress in the 2003 television series Rebelde Way. After the series, she was then cast as Felicitas Echagochen in the popular family sitcom Ricos y Mocosos (2004–2005) which propelled her career with best new actress nominations from Martín Fierro Awards and Clarín Awards. For the next three years she continued earning lead roles in family sitcoms and TV series produced by Pol-ka for Canal 13. She was outstanding as Juanita, the female lead of Juanita la soltera opposite Gabriel Corrado, and later played Jazmín Sassone opposite Nicolás Cabré in Por amor a vos. Looking elsewhere for inspiration, Soledad started a career transition that would take her to the stage, television films and mini-series. In 2009 she played the female lead in Astral Theater's production of Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland directed by Alicia Zanca. Later that year she performed the lead in episode El Manto Chino of the Sci-Fi anthology series Dromo. In 2010 she played an actress in love with Juan Perugia, played by Gaston Pauls in Telefe's comedy series Todos contra Juan 2. She was subsequently summoned by director Alberto Lecchi to film in Uruguay the role of Alicia, a victim of domestic violence in the drama series Maltratadas. This dramatic turn was followed by a starring role opposite Independent Spirit Award winner and Bafta nominee Rodrigo de la Serna in drama series Contra las cuerdas (2010); the only Argentine dramatic series nominated for an International Emmy Awards. She went back to the stage for the play Ceremonia Secreta (2011) an adaptation of Marco Denevi's novel, directed by Oscar Barney Finn at the Margarita Xirgu theater, Soledad playing opposite Uruguayan stage actress Estela Medina, had the chance to show her dramatic abilities performing the role of Cecilia Engelhardt, a physically and mentally abused woman who loses her mind and tries desperately to find her dead mother. This role earned her a nomination for the Florencio Sanchez Awards 2012. Later that year she starred opposite Luis Machin in episode Cuestión de Poder of the anthology series Televisión por la Inclusión. In 2012 feature film director Juan José Campanella featured Soledad in Latin Grammy Awards winner Calle 13 music video "La Vuelta al Mundo". She has recently completed a production with Martín Piroyansky and Betiana Blum in Telefe's comedy series Mi Viejo Verde.
Early life.
Soledad was born in the Buenos Aires "barrio" of Flores and spent part of her childhood in Monte Grande, a city in Buenos Aires Province while attending St. Mark's College, a prestigious bi-lingual school. During her teenage years she lived in Buenos Aires "barrio" Villa Lugano and graduated from Colegio Macnab Bernal. It was at this school that she discovered her love for the stage. This experience led her to drama studies at Escuela de Teatro Agustin Alezzo while studying law at Universidad Catolica Argentina. After a year and a half she left law school for Advertisement studies at Universidad Argentina de la Empresa while taking theater classes at Escuela de Nora Moseinco. Around this time she makes her foray into Argentine television with Cris Morena in Rebelde Way, as Felicitas Echegoyen in Ricos y Mocosos (which earned her nominations to Clarín Awards y Martín Fierro Awards). She then went onto starring roles in family sitcoms produced by Pol-ka for Canal 13 and played the lead on stage in Teatro Astral's production of Alice in Wonderland, a demanding production that had her training for months in acrobatics, trapeze and singing lessons with vocal coach Clara Terán. After this experience she continued vocal training with Josi García Moreno. 
Fandiño is continuously perfecting her skills with diverse teachers and methods. She later received additional vocal training with the renowned vocal coach Martín Durañona. She has also attended Escuela de Teatro de Buenos Aires receiving master training from renowned Argentine theater director and producer Raúl Serrano. Soledad Fandiño is currently studying at the Actor's Circle Theatre.
Career transition.
Initially performing roles in after school family TV series, Soledad's passion and wishes to push her craft led to play complex and different roles far away from herself in primetime television films and mini-series like Dromo, Maltratadas and Televisión x la inclusión, portraying battered and disturbed women, victims of domestic abuse. With her starring role in the mini-series Contra las Cuerdas directed by Alejandro Maci, she established her rising stardom. In the series she portrayed Ana, a strong, middle class, journalism student, who struggles in her day to day life to support her family and achieve her dreams. The series dealt with hot button issues like abortion, poverty, education, love and decline in law and order of modern Argentine society. On stage, she displayed her acting abilities in the play Ceremonia Secreta, performing the role of Cecilia Engelhardt a physically and mentally abused young woman who loses her mind. Soledad had to face head on one of the most complex and tormented characters in her career. Her dedication paid off with critical acclaim and an acting nomination from Florencio Sánchez Awards 2012.
Personal life.
Fandiño married René Pérez Joglar in January 2013 in a private ceremony in Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="18312765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312765" title="Guy Le Borgne">
Guy Le Borgne

Guy Le Borgne (6 January 1920 – 12 December 2007) was a French Army general that fought in World War II, First Indochina War and Algerian War. He commanded several paratroop units during his career and was military governor of Lyon.
Biography.
He graduated from Saint-Cyr Military Academy as part of the 1939-1940 “Franco-British Friendship” promotion. After the Allied defeat in the Battle of France, he escaped to North Africa and made his way to Great Britain to join General de Gaulle’s Free French Forces. 
Became part of a Jedburgh team, a three men team consisting of an American, British and a Frenchman. Le Borgne’s team no. 45, code named FRANCIS, was dropped over Finistère, Brittany in July 1944, to assist the French Resistance. His British teammate, Major Colin Ogden Smith, was killed in a firefight with German troops on 29 July 1944. After the Jedburgh mission he joined one of two French Special Air Service units with which he takes part in two operations behind German lines in the Ardennes and the Netherlands. 
After the war, he joined a parachute regiment and served in Indochina where he commanded the 8th Parachute Commando Group between 1952 and 1953. During the Algerian War he commanded the 3rd Marine Infantry Parachute Regiment from 1961 to 1962, leading it during the Bizerte crisis and keeping it loyal to de Gaulle during the 1961 Algiers Putsch. After the war Guy Le Borgne commanded the 11th Parachute Division from 1973 to 1975 and finished his career as military governor of Lyon from 1976 to 1980 with the grade of general de corps d’armée. 
After he retired he was elected President of the Confédération nationale des associations parachutistes in 1980 and becoming member of the honorary committee of the Union Nationale des Parachutistes in 1988. Guy Le Borgne also painted under the pseudonyme of Guy Le Zachmeur, his resistance alias from World War II. He died on 12 December 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18312772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312772" title="Ocosito River">
Ocosito River

The río Ocosito is a river in Guatemala. The river's sources are located in the Sierra Madre mountain range in Quetzaltenango. It flows southwards to Retalhuleu and then west to the Pacific Ocean. The river's length is 107 km. The Ocosito river basin covers an area of 2,035 km³.

</doc>
<doc id="18312776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312776" title="British Armed Forces communications and information systems">
British Armed Forces communications and information systems

The British Armed Forces operates a wide range of communications and information systems. Some of these are specialised military systems, while others are procured off-the-shelf. They fall into three main categories: satellite ground terminals, terrestrial trunk communications systems, and combat net radio systems. Every part of the Army and the uses combat net radio, but only the Royal Corps of Signals and the Royal Air Force operates trunk systems and multi-channel satellite communications.
Satellite ground terminals.
Satellite ground terminals play an important part in modern military communications, in view of their high bandwidth and their independence of local communications infrastructure.
In-service systems.
TSC 503.
The TSC is a transportable compact multi-role satellite bridging system manufactured by SELEX Communications. It can be deployed in two forms: the first is a rapid deployable terminal with 2MB/s capability that can be on-air in 30 minutes with a two-man crew. The larger full capability terminal, with a 4M antenna, has much increased capacity and a time-into-action of two hours with a four man crew. Users can be located up to 4 km from the antenna and is one of the most prominent satellite. The terminals are composed of a number of man portable containers. TSC 503, which entered service in April 2004, is now no longer in service.
PSC 506.
PSC 506 terminals operated as an autonomous network that employed Demand Assigned Multiple Access technology and provided secure speech and secure data. Key elements were Fixed Communications Bases, portable Headquarters Terminals and Patrol Terminals. The system was decommissioned as of 1 January 2012.
TALON.
Talon is a lightweight deployable terminal which uses off-the-shelf commercial technology packaged to provide a terminal suitable for military use. The terminal is controlled from a ruggedised laptop and can be set up by a crew of two trained operators within 30 minutes. Talon has been employed by the ARRC (Allied Rapid Reaction Corps) in Germany and was used extensively in Operation TELIC in Iraq. Talon terminals were brought into service in July 2002 and were incorporated into the Skynet 5 contract in October 2003. Each terminal can be carried in a single vehicle, towing the generator mounted on a trailer.
REACHER.
Reacher is the most recent satellite communications acquisition and comprises the mobile satellite ground terminals that give military ground forces communications access through Skynet 5 satellites. There are two variants in service with the British Army, Royal Air Force and Royal Marines. Reacher Medium is a ruggedised land terminal with a 2.4m antenna designed for X-Band military satellite communications. It is designed to operate with a forward deployed headquarters, and is carried on a Bucher Duro 6x6 vehicle with a detachable cabin and towing a trailer. Reacher Large is mounted on the same vehicle as Reacher Medium, but has a 4.5 m antenna. Reacher All Terrain is in service with the Royal Marines and is mounted on two BV206 vehicles with associated trailers. All Reacher terminals are transportable using Chinook helicopters, C130 aircraft, by sea and by rail. The systems are supplied by EADS Astrium subsidiary company Paradigm Secure Communications.
No longer in service.
VSC 501.
The VSC 501 was a vehicle mounted tactical military satellite terminal Initially operated by 249 Signal Squadron (AMF(L)) (disbanded) and then by 30th Signal Regiment, and the Royal Marines. It operated in the military SHF SATCOM frequency band of 7.25 to 8.4 GHz via a geosynchronous satellite, with a data rate of up to 512 kbit/s. The normal manning level for an VSC 501 station was a crew of two and the system could be set up to provide communications within 15 minutes. The VSC 501 was the workhorse of the UK tactical military SATCOM system for some years. It was carried in both Land Rover (Army) and BV 206 All Terrain Vehicles (Royal Marines). An update package completed in late 1999 extended the life of the terminal for several years. Deployments include the Gulf during Operation GRANBY and Bosnia.
TSC 502.
The TSC 502 was a transportable satellite ground terminal. It was used by 30th Signal Regiment on Operation CORPORATE in the Falklands War.
DAGGER.
Dagger is a Land Rover-mounted modular military and civil band satellite communications system designed for rapid deployment and installed in a hard top Land Rover 110 TD5. It was supplied by SELEX Communications, and saw service in the Balkans, Afghanistan and on Operation TELIC.
PSC 504.
PSC 504 was an X-band military satellite communications system designed to provide Special Forces with a highly secure, reliable, flexible and rapidly deployable manpack SATCOM system. Manpack patrol terminals fit in the top of a standard Bergen rucksack. The terminals could be assembled and connected to the satellite network within five minutes by one soldier, even in darkness, to provide long-range secure voice, data and messaging services, as well as a store and forward (e-mail-type) facility. Data services operated at up to 64 kbit/s.
Terrestrial Trunk Radio Relay.
Terrestrial trunk radio relay systems are primarily used to connect the headquarters of brigades, divisions and higher military formations. They typically deliver voice and data services, and can be based on boxed or palletized equipment, or vehicle installations (which may be mounted under armour for use on the battlefield).
In-service systems.
Ptarmigan.
Ptarmigan is a mobile, cryptographic digital and modular battlefield wide area network communications system based on the Plessey System 250 architecture. It was initially designed to meet the needs of the British Army of the Rhine in West Germany and replaced the BRUIN system. The system consists of a network of electronic exchanges known as trunk nodes. These nodes are connected by multichannel UHF and SHF radio relay links that carry voice, data, telegraph and facsimile communications. The Single Channel Radio Access subsystem is effectively a VHF secure mobile telephone system that gives isolated or mobile users an entry point into the PTARMIGAN network. Ptarmigan has undergone a number of upgrades since it came into service in 1982. ( First delivery of Ptarmigan equipment was to 1 Armoured Division HQ and Signal Regiment in December 1984, and did not enter service until February/March of 1985) These include the introduction of an Air Portable Secondary Access Node for 16 Air Assault Brigade, and the General Purpose Trunk Access Port software enhancement which provides interconnectivity to other nations' tactical communications systems.
Ptarmigan system design was the result of detailed studies and feasibility trials carried out jointly by the UK MoD, The Royal Corps of Signals and Royal Signals and Radar Establishment (RSRE), the British Army Royal School of Signals and industry. The Plessey Company (subsequently Siemens Plessey Systems and then BAE Systems) was appointed prime contractor and system design authority for Ptarmigan in 1973, with responsibility for engineering development of the complete system.The initial development programme was followed by a series of production contracts worth some £500 million. They covered the provision of the full range of Ptarmigan items from small individual equipments, such as subsets, to major vehicle-mounted installations such as switches and SCRA radio centrals. 
A major phased enhancement programme to provide high-integrity packet switched data, including mobile X.25 packet access, international interfacing and the development of equipment for use in armoured vehicles commenced in 1984 and was completed in 1992. BAE Systems was the appointed design authority for supporting the system throughout its post-design phase. This covers the full range of support services from components and equipment up to network level. During the 1991 Operation Granby, Ptarmigan was deployed extensively throughout the operational area with extended satellite trunk links, and was heavily used by British and Allied forces. The system gained further in-service when deployed in support of the International Peace Implementation Force (IFOR) in Bosnia. Total investment in Ptarmigan by mid-1992 was approaching £1 billion. In August 1993, a £22 million contract was awarded to modify the system to allow deployment over long distances with satellite links.
Cormorant.
Cormorant is the area trunk communications network that links the component headquarters of the British Joint Rapid Reaction Force. The system is manufactured by the European EADS company. Cormorant has two basic elements:
A Cormorant network can consist of the following installations:
FALCON.
FALCON will replace Ptarmigan with a new generation tactical trunk communications system, currently being manufactured by BAE Systems Military Air and Information. It will deliver secure voice and data over an all Internet Protocol system across multiple security domains. The system is to be fielded by the Royal Signals and the Royal Air Force in the 2009-2013 timeframe.
The key platforms will be the Wide Area Switching Provision (WASP) nodes with up to six radio links and a series of Command Post Support (CPS) nodes which will be scaled for headquarters of differing sizes, further supported by transportable (palletised) and early entry nodes. All platforms will utilise the British Army's standard MAN HX 60 Cargo Vehicle (Light) platform.
No longer in service.
BRUIN (obsolete).
Introduced in 1967, BRUIN was the Army's first area trunk network mounted in both wheeled and tracked vehicles, which connected formation headquarters and units using multi-channel UHF radios. BRUIN provided a partially secure and automatic system for the transmission of both voice and teleprinter traffic. It was the primary trunk communications system of the British Army of the Rhine from 1967 to 1982. During the years of the Cold War Royal Signals units in 1st British Corps trained with BRUIN, and deployed their equipment and vehicles among the woods and farms of northern West Germany, putting their skills to the test in an annual cycle of command and signal exercises.
Combat Net Radio.
Combat net radio systems are typically used for tactical communications at section and platoon level upwards. They are operated by soldiers from every part of the Army as well as the specialists from the Royal Corps of Signals.
In-service Systems.
Bowman.
Bowman is the name of the tactical communications system used by the British Armed Forces. The Bowman C4I system consists of a range of HF radio, VHF radio and UHF radio sets designed to provide secure integrated voice, data services to dismounted soldiers, individual vehicles and command HQs up to Division level.
No longer in service.
Larkspur (obsolete).
Larkspur was the combat net radio system used by the British Army in the 1960s and replaced by Clansman in the late 1970s.
Clansman (obsolescent).
Clansman was the combat net radio system used by the British Army from the late 1970s until its replacement by Bowman.

</doc>
<doc id="18312794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312794" title="Stellarium">
Stellarium

A stellarium is a three-dimensional map of the stars, typically centered on Earth. They are common fixtures at planetariums, where they illustrate the local deep space out to perhaps 50 light years. Older examples were normally built using small colored balls or lights on support rods (painted black to make them less obvious), but more recent examples use a variety of projection techniques instead.

</doc>
<doc id="18312804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312804" title="Roy Samaha">
Roy Samaha

Roy Nicolas Samaha (born 12 September 1984 in Zahlé) is a Lebanese professional basketball center currently playing with Hekmeh of the Lebanese Basketball League. Samaha is a key element in the Lebanon national basketball team and participated lately in the 2006 FIBA World Championship, FIBA Asia Championship 2007 and FIBA World Olympic Qualifying Tournament for Men 2008.
Early years.
Samaha started his basketball career in 1999 when he was recruited by one of the leading Basketball teams in Lebanon, Sagesse Team. He joined Sagesse and made his way to the first team in the end of 1999 to become the youngest Lebanese player in the Lebanese Basketball League.
Professional sports career.
Sagesse (Hekmeh) Years (1999-2004).
Samaha played with Hekmeh BC (Sagesse) team for 4 consecutive seasons where he helped his team win 4 Lebanese Basketball League Championships, 3 Lebanese Cups and for the first time in Lebanon's history, 2 FIBA Asia Champions Cup titles in 2000 and 2004.
Blue Stars Years (2005-2007).
Samaha transferred from Hekmeh BC (Sagesse) to Blue Stars team for three consecutive seasons. He played as a starter and was one of the team's best rebounders and defensive players.
Mouttahed (2007-2009).
Following his time with the Blue Stars, Samaha joined the newly promoted to Division A Al Mouttahed Tripoli team. Samaha averaged 10 points and 10 rebounds a game and led his team to the semi-finals and caused an upset by beating his former team and one of the favorites to win the championship.. Al Mouttahed Tripoli later on lost in the finals to Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut 3 to 1, noting that (Riyadi) hadn't lost to any team during the entire 2007 season.
Sagesse (2009-2010).
After his injury, Samaha rejoined his former team the green castle Hekmeh BC (Sagesse). After rejoining the team, Samaha was the best rebounder in his team and one of the top rebounders in the league.He finished his season (2009–10) with 11.5 ppg and about 10 rbd.
Anibal Zahle (2010-2012).
After a summer with the national team, Samaha joined his city club Anibal Zahle.
Anibal Zahle won the Dubai Championship 2011, and the club managed to grab 2nd in the Lebanese Championship after defeating Riyadi.
Personal.
Samaha graduated from the Lebanese American University (Jbeil) with high distinction.
Prior to joining Moutahed Tripoli in 2007, Samaha played in France (with Paris Basket Racing)

</doc>
<doc id="18312814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312814" title="Beehive Mill">
Beehive Mill

Beehive Mill is a Grade II* listed former cotton mill in the district of Ancoats, Manchester, England. It is located at (grid reference ) on a site surrounded by Radium Street, Jersey Street, Bengal Street and Naval Street.
The building was constructed in three phases, the first two being in the early 1820s with the third phase being added in 1847. The second phase, built in 1824 and used as warehousing, is an important example of early fireproof construction. The roof of the 1824 warehouse belonging to Beehive Mill is the only known surviving example in Manchester of an advanced form of mill roof using cast and wrought iron, and which was prefabricated. The third phase was five storeys high and built along Bengal Street; this block was damaged by fire and partially rebuilt in 1861. The estimated value of the damage caused was £25,000.
The disused Bengal Street block of Beehive Mill was completely destroyed by fire in July 2005. The fire threatened to destroy the rest of the complex, which houses Sankeys nightclub and offices. In an effort to extinguish the fire, water was pumped from the nearby Rochdale Canal.

</doc>
<doc id="18312826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312826" title="Peniel">
Peniel

Peniel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18312832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312832" title="Bahá'í Faith in Panama">
Bahá'í Faith in Panama

The history of the Bahá'í Faith in Panama begins with a mention by `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the Bahá'í Faith, in the book "Tablets of the Divine Plan", published in 1919; the same year, Martha Root made a trip around South America and included Panama on the return leg of the trip up the west coast. The first pioneers began to settle in Panama in 1940. The first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly of Panama, in Panama City, was elected in 1946, and the National Spiritual Assembly was first elected in 1961. The Bahá'ís of Panama raised a Bahá'í House of Worship in 1972. In 1983 and again in 1992, some commemorative stamps were produced in Panama while the community turned its interests to the San Miguelito and Chiriquí regions of Panama with schools and a radio station. The Association of Religion Data Archives estimated there were some 41,000 Bahá'ís in 2005 while another sources places it closer to 60,000.
Pre-history.
`Abdu'l-Bahá's Tablets of the Divine Plan.
`Abdu'l-Bahá, the son of the founder of the religion, wrote a series of letters, or tablets, to the followers of the religion in the United States in 1916-1917; these letters were compiled together in the book "Tablets of the Divine Plan". The sixth of the tablets was the first to mention Latin American regions and was written on April 8, 1916, but was delayed in being presented in the United States until 1919—after the end of the First World War and the Spanish flu. The sixth tablet was translated and presented by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab on April 4, 1919, and published in "Star of the West" magazine on December 12, 1919. After mentioning the need for the message of the religion to visit the Latin American countries `Abdu'l-Bahá continues:
All the above countries have importance, but especially the Republic of Panama, wherein the Atlantic and the Pacific Oceans come together through the Panama Canal. It is a center for travel and passage from America to other continents of the world, and in the future it will gain most great importance...
Martha Root's first trip was from July to November 1919, and included Panama on the return leg of the trip up the west coast of South America.
Following the Tablets and about the time of `Abdu'l-Bahá's passing in 1921, a few other Bahá'ís began moving to, or at least visiting, Latin America.
Early phase.
Shoghi Effendi, head of the religion after the death of `Abdu'l-Bahá, wrote a cable on May 1, 1936 to the Bahá'í Annual Convention of the United States and Canada, and asked for the systematic implementation of `Abdu'l-Bahá's vision to begin. In his cable he wrote:
Appeal to assembled delegates ponder historic appeal voiced by `Abdu'l-Bahá in "Tablets of the Divine Plan". Urge earnest deliberation with incoming National Assembly to insure its complete fulfillment. First century of Bahá'í Era drawing to a close. Humanity entering outer fringes most perilous stage its existence. Opportunities of present hour unimaginably precious. Would to God every State within American Republic and every Republic in American continent might ere termination of this glorious century embrace the light of the Faith of Bahá'u'lláh and establish structural basis of His World Order.
Following the May 1 cable, another cable from Shoghi Effendi came on May 19 calling for permanent pioneers to be established in all the countries of Latin America. The Bahá'í National Spiritual Assembly of the United States and Canada appointed the Inter-America Committee to take charge of the preparations. During the 1937 Bahá'í North American Convention, Shoghi Effendi cabled advising the convention to prolong their deliberations to permit the delegates and the National Assembly to consult on a plan that would enable Bahá'ís to go to Latin America as well as to include the completion of the outer structure of the Bahá'í House of Worship in Wilmette, Illinois. In 1937 the "First Seven Year Plan" (1937–44), which was an international plan designed by Shoghi Effendi, gave the American Bahá'ís the goal of establishing the Bahá'í Faith in every country in Latin America. With the spread of American Bahá'ís in Latin American, Bahá'í communities and Local Spiritual Assemblies began to form in 1938 across the rest of Latin America.
It was in 1939-1940 when the first pioneers began to settle in Panama. The first Local Spiritual Assembly of Panama, in Panama City, was elected in 1946, and helped host the first All-American Teaching Conference. One Bahá'í from this early period was Mabel Adelle Sneider (converted in 1946), who was a nurse at Gorgas Hospital for 30 years and then pioneered to the Gilbert Islands for many years. In 1946, American Baha'i Alfred Osborne converted the first indigenous believer, a Kuna from Playa Chico.
In January 1947 Panama City hosted the first congress of the northern Latin Americas to build a new consciousness of unity among the Bahá'ís of Central America, Mexico and the West Indies to focus energies for the election of a regional national assembly. Its members were Josi Antonio Bonilla, Marcia Steward, Natalia Chávez, Gerardo Vega, and Oscar Castro. Retrospectively a stated purpose for the committee was to facilitate a shift in the balance of roles from North American guidance and Latin cooperation to Latin guidance and North American cooperation. The process was well underway by 1950 and was to be enforced about 1953.
Shoghi Effendi then called for two international conventions to be held at April 1951; one was held in Panama City for the purpose of electing a regional National Spiritual Assembly over the Central area of Mexico and the West Indies whose headquarters was in Panama and which was witnessed by representatives of the National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of the United States in the persons of Dorothy Beecher Baker and Horace Holly. Circa 1953, Bahá'í Local Assemblies in Panama City and Colón had a community center.
One notable Bahá'í from this early phase was Cecilia King Blake, who on October 20, 1957 converted to the Bahá'í Faith and pioneered to Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
Development.
Ruth (née Yancey) and Alan Pringle had the first Bahá’í wedding to be legally recognised in Panama, and both were members of the National Spiritual Assembly that formed in 1961. Ruth served in several other positions, ultimately becoming a Continental Counsellor. The members of the 1963 National Spiritual Assembly of Panama were Harry Haye Anderson, Rachelle Jean E de Constante, James Vassal Facey, Kenneth Frederics, Leota E. M. Lockman, Alfred E. A. Osborne, William Alan H. Pringle, Ruth E. Yancey Pringle and Donald Ross Witzel. By 1963 there were Bahá'í converts among the Cerrobolo, Guaymí and Kuna.
Six conferences held in October 1967 around the world presented a viewing of a copy of the photograph of Bahá'u'lláh on the highly significant occasion commemorating the centenary of Bahá'u'lláh's writing of the "Suriy-i-Mulúk" (Tablet to the Kings), which Shoghi Effendi describes as "the most momentous Tablet revealed by Bahá'u'lláh". After a meeting in Edirne (Adrianople), Turkey, the Hands of the Cause travelled to the conferences, 'each bearing the precious trust of a photograph of the Blessed Beauty, which it will be the privilege of those attending the Conferences to view.' Hand of the Cause Ruhiyyih Khanum conveyed this photograph to the Conference for Latin America at Panama. During this event the foundation stone of the forthcoming Bahá'í House of Worship for Latin America was laid.
Modern community.
Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The Bahá'ís of Panama were chosen as one of the sites of the Bahá'í Houses of Worship. The religion entered a new phase of activity around the world when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Bahá'ís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Bahá'í teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Bahá'í socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482. Bahá'ís in Panama have embarked on a number of projects. The Panamanian government noted the activities of the Bahá'ís and released a variety of philately products starting in 1983 and again in 1992 - a stamp and several stationaries and Panamanian Bahá'ís became active in a number of issues among the poor regions of Panama - notably Panamá and Chiriquí/Ngöbe-Buglé districts as well as among indigenous peoples.
Bahá'í House of Worship.
The Bahá'í temple in Panama City was dedicated in 1972 with Hands of the Cause Ruhiyyih Khanum, Ugo Giachery and Dhikru'llah Khadem representing the Universal House of Justice, head of the religion after the death of Shoghi Effendi. It serves as the mother temple of Latin America. It is perched on a high hill, "la montaña del Dulce Canto" ("the mountain of Beautiful Singing"), overlooking the city, and is constructed of local stone laid in a pattern reminiscent of Native American fabric designs. Readings in Spanish and English are available for visitors. However the mountain is being denuded by the extraction of rocks and soil to be used in the in other construction.
Efforts among the Guaymí.
The first Guaymí Bahá'í dates back into the 1960s, and since the 1980s there have been several projects started and evolving in those communities. After the religion grew among the Guaymi, they in turn offered service in 1985-6 with the "Camino del Sol" project included indigenous Guaymí Bahá'ís of Panama traveling with the Venezuelan indigenous Carib speaking and Guajira Bahá'ís through the Venezuelan states of Bolívar, Amazonas and Zulia sharing their religion. The Bahá'í Guaymí Cultural Centre was built in the Chiriquí district (which was split in 1997 to create the Ngöbe-Buglé district) and used as a seat for the Panamanian Ministry of Education's literacy efforts in the 1980s. A two-day seminar on literacy was held by the Bahá'í Community in collaboration with the Panamanian Ministry of Education in Panama City over two days beginning on April 23, 1990. The Bahá'ís were specifically asked to speak on "spiritual qualities" and on "Universal Elements Essential in Education." The Minister of Education requested that the Bahá'ís present their literacy projects to the Ministry of Education, in support of International Literacy Year - 1990. The Bahá'ís developed many formal and village schools throughout the region and a community radio project.
Bahá'í Radio.
The Bahá'í Radio is an AM broadcasting station from Boca del Monte with programs and news in Guaymí native language, Ngabere, leading to maintaining the usefulness of the language and in the telling of stories and coverage of issues to the support of Guaymí traditions and culture.
Schools.
In Panama's remote indigenous villages (some requiring three hours by bus, three hours by boat, and then three hours on foot, a trip made twice a week) Bahá'í volunteers run ten primary schools where the government does not provide access to a school. Later a FUNDESCU stipend of $50 per month was made available for 13 teachers and the MInistry of Education added funds for a 14th. As subsistence farmers, the villagers have no money or food to offer. Instead they take turns providing firewood for an outdoor kitchen or build small wood-framed shelters with corrugated zinc panels and a narrow wooden platform for a bed. The teachers and administrators do not seek to convert the students. Some of the villagers are Bahá'ís, some are Catholics, some Evangelicals, and some follow the native Mama Tata religion. In all, about half the students are Bahá'ís (about 150). Nevertheless there is a strong moral component to the program including a weekly class on "Virtues and Values." Over the years, some training for the teachers has been provided but many have not finished the twelfth grade including some women who have faced difficulties getting even that much education.
Among the formal schools established there are:
Efforts among the Kuna and Emberá.
In the Panamá district the Bahá'ís established a Bahá'í inspired school in San Miguelito, a city with widespread poverty, and a native population of Embera and Kuna peoples.
K-12 School.
The Badí School was founded in 1993 and began as a kindergarten with 12 students. In 2007 there were 290 students serving K-12, with a waiting list of 1,500, and six of the first seven graduates earned the highest grade on the Panama University entrance exam and were accepted with full four-year scholarships. Badí School also developed a two-story community library, and added a classroom and computer lab in 2006.
University program development.
Badi School is attempting to extend its services with college-level degrees. Some level of registration was completed in June 2007. Further accreditation is being sought as a university program in 2008 but already has had students taking college work, among them commercial artist Jessica Mizrachi Diaz.
Demographics.
The World Council of Churches estimates the Bahá'í population at 2.00%, or about 60,000 in 2006. The Association of Religion Data Archives estimated there were some 41000 Bahá'ís in 2005. It is the largest religious minority in Panama. There is an estimate of some 8,000 Guaymi Bahá'is, about 10% of the population of Guaymi in Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="18312844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312844" title="I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (UK series 8)">
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (UK series 8)

"I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!" returned to ITV for an eighth series from 16 November to 5 December 2008. Ant & Dec returned to present the main show on ITV, whilst Matt Willis, Emma Willis and Mark Durden-Smith returned to host spin-off show "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! NOW!" on ITV2. It was the first series to use a redesigned logo, which imitates the Hollywood Sign. The winner of this series was Joe Swash.
Contestants.
The show began with 10 celebrity contestants. On 19 November, they were joined by two new contestants – David Van Day and Timmy Mallett – who were 'kidnapped' on their way into camp, making a total of 12 contestants.
The Camps.
For the first four days of the show, the group of celebrities were split between two camps: "Home", and "Away". The celebrities in each group were:
Which group lived in which camp was decided by the first Bushtucker Trial. As Joe won, his group moved in to Home Camp, whilst Simon's group moved into Away Camp. The two camps competed in Bushtucker Trials, with the winning camp receiving better food.
Home was the better of the two camps, featuring a London Bus for the celebrities to sleep in. Contestants in Home camp received British food if they won head-to-head Bushtucker Trials. Meanwhile, the celebrities in Away Camp were forced to sleep on the jungle floor, and received Australian food if they won trials. There was also a jail in away camp for 'naughty' celebs.
On 18 November 2008, the two camps merged. The celebrities in the Away Camp moved into the Home Camp. The merger was due to take place on the morning of 19 November 2008, however it was brought forward after a storm left the Away Camp flooded.
Bushtucker Trials.
The contestants take part in daily trials to earn food.
Bush Battles.
Just like Series 7, some celebrities will be granted immunity from the first vote-off. The 5 winners of this prize will be decided by five 'bush battles' (one winner in each.) Each of the 12 celebrities will compete in one of four battles, each containing 3 campmates. The winners will automatically gain immunity while the second-placed contestants will compete for a final place in the fifth and final bout. In the end, there were six winners due to a problem in the second battle.
This feature replaced the 'Celebrity Chests' for five episodes.
Ratings.
All ratings are taken from the UK Programme Ratings website, BARB.

</doc>
<doc id="18312876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312876" title="Donna Roberts">
Donna Roberts

Donna Roberts (born May 22, 1944), an American convicted of being an accomplice to murder, is the only woman on death row in the state of Ohio.
Early life.
Roberts was born and raised in Youngstown, Ohio and was a student of Austintown-Fitch High School. In 1966, she married her first husband William Raymond and moved to Miami, Florida. She had one child, Michael Raymond, in 1969. She and William Raymond divorced in 1971. She remarried to her second husband Burton Gelfand in 1972 and later divorced him in 1980. Roberts converted to Judaism while living in Miami, Florida and worked as a plastic surgeon assistant for over 20 years in North Miami Beach, Florida. Roberts met her late husband Robert Fingerhut in 1980. They married and bought a home in Miami, near Miami Gardens and Ives Estates in 1983. They later sold their home and moved to Richmond, Virginia for one year, and in 1993, the couple moved back to Roberts' hometown of Youngstown, Ohio. Donna purchased their new home in Niles in 1994 on Fonderlac Ave. During this time, Roberts and Fingerhut managed the Avis car rental franchise at the Youngstown-Warren Regional Airport for several years. They later managed both the Youngstown and Warren Greyhound bus stations and turned them into successful locations. For a short period of time, Roberts also ran a small restaurant located within the Youngstown Bus Terminal called "Just the Ticket."
Murder Conviction.
Roberts was convicted in 2003 of recruiting Nate Jackson while he was still in prison to kill her ex-husband Robert Fingerhut, which he did on December 11, 2001, in the house Roberts and Fingerhut continued to share after their private divorce. In her appeal, it is alleged that the police performed an illegal search of her car parked inside the garage since the search warrant was only for the home. Nate Jackson stated that Donna Roberts had no knowledge of his planned actions and this was video taped during his confession by the police and he also stated this during his trial. Jackson has also since been sentenced to death for his role in the murder. Nate's story did not hold water when the Trumbull County Sheriff's department intercepted several letters of their plans as well as recordings of their jailhouse phone calls.

</doc>
<doc id="18312877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312877" title="Raixe Venete">
Raixe Venete

Raixe Venete is a Venetist cultural association.
Every year it organizes the "Festa dei Veneti" in Cittadella, where Venetists of every political colour, Venetist associations, actors, musicians and rock bands, and many simple citizens gather and whose website is translated in several languages. The association has strong links with independentists from all over Europe and especially from the Basque Country.
The association publishes a magazine in Venetian language every second month.

</doc>
<doc id="18312881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312881" title="Ciaran Barr">
Ciaran Barr

Ciaran Barr (born 1964 in Belfast, County Antrim) is a former Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club O'Donovan Rossa GAC Belfast and with the Antrim senior inter-county team from 1984 until 1994. He won an All Star award in 1988.
Playing career.
Club.
Barr played his club hurling with his local O'Donovan Rossa GAC Belfast club and enjoyed some success. He won a senior county title with the club in 1988. It was the club's first county championship victory in eleven years. He also played with the St.Vincent's club in Dublin and won a Senior Hurling Championship with them in 1993.
Inter-county.
Barr first came to prominence on the inter-county scene with Antrim in the early 1980s. He played for the county minor team, however, he enjoyed little success as Antrim played in the Leinster Championship during this period. Barr later won several Ulster titles with the Antrim under-21 team.
Barr made his debut with the Antrim senior hurling team in 1984, however, he enjoyed little success in his first few seasons. In 1989 the Ulster Senior Hurling Championship was revived after a forty-year absence. That year Barr was the captain of the team and Antrim reached the final where Down provided the opposition. A 2-16 to 0-9 victory gave Barr his first senior Ulster title. Antrim later defeated Kildare in the All-Ireland quarter-final before lining out against Offaly in the penultimate game of the championship in Croke Park. Offaly were the red hot favourites going into the game, however, Barr's side had other ideas. Antrim shocked their opponents and won the game by 4-15 to 1-15. Offaly, in spite of losing, recognised the historic nature of the victory and gave Antrim a guard of honour as the team left the field. The 1989 All-Ireland final saw Antrim take on Tipperray for the first time since 1949. Antrim, however, were unable to repeat the heroics of the semi-final and lost to Tipp by 4-24 to 3-9.
In 1990 Barr added a second Ulster title to his collection following another defeat of Down. The subsequent All-Ireland semi-final saw Antrim take on Cork, however, victory went to 'the Rebels' on that occasion by 2-20 to 1-13.
Antrim made it three-in-a-row in Ulster in 1991 with Barr collecting his third provincial medal. Westmeath fell in the subsequent All-Ireland quarter-final, setting up a semi-final meeting with Kilkenny. With seconds left in the game Barr's side were up by one point, however, a last-gasp goal gave Kilkenny a 2-18 to 1-19 victory. 
Antrim lost their provincial crown in 1992, however, Barr collected a fourth Ulster title in 1993. Antrim later defeated Meath in the All-Ireland quarter-final setting up a semi-final meeting with Kilkenny once again. Antrim, however, were not the force they were and they lost the game by 4-18 to 1-9.
Barr added a fifth Ulster title to his collection in 1994 following a defeat of Down in the sixth successive meeting between these two sides in the final. Unfortunately, Antrim were later trounced by Limerick in the All-Ireland semi-final. Barr retired from inter-county hurling shortly afterwards.
Provincial.
Barr also lined out with Ulster in the inter-provincial hurling competition. He played in a number of finals, however, he never won a Railway Cup medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18312882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312882" title="Glen Gabbard">
Glen Gabbard

Glen Owens Gabbard (born 1949) is an American psychiatrist known for authoring professional teaching texts for the field. He is Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, Texas, and Professor of Psychiatry at SUNY Upstate Medical University in Syracuse, New York. He is also training and supervising analyst at the Center for Psychoanalytic Studies in Houston.
Education and career.
His father was Eastern Illinois University Theatre Arts Department Chair E. Glendon Gabbard, and his mother was actress Lucina Paquet Gabbard. Gabbard attended Northwestern University and the University of Texas, and earned his Bachelor's Degree in Theater from Eastern Illinois University. He then earned his M.D. from Rush Medical College in Chicago in 1975. He completed his psychiatry residency at the Karl Menninger School of Psychiatry in Topeka, Kansas. He then served on the staff of the Menninger Clinic for 26 years and served as Director of the Menninger Hospital from 1989 to 1994 and Director of the Topeka Institute for Psychoanalysis from 1996 to 2001. In 2001, he moved to Baylor College of Medicine, where he served as Professor of Psychiatry and Brown Foundation Chair of Psychoanalysis until 2011.
Gabbard has authored or edited 27 books and over 320 papers, including books on professional boundary violations, physician health, and media depictions of psychiatry and mental illness in films with his brother Krin. He was Joint Editor-in-Chief of the "International Journal of Psychoanalysis" and was Associate Editor of the "American Journal of Psychiatry".
Awards include the Strecker Award for outstanding psychiatrist under age 50 in 1994, the Sigourney Award for Outstanding Contributions to Psychoanalysis in 2000, the American Psychiatric Association Distinguished Service Award in 2002, the American Psychiatric Association Adolf Meyer Award in 2004, and the Rush Medical College Distinguished Alumnus in 2005. In 2010 he received the American Psychiatric Association/National Institute of Mental Health Vestermark Award as outstanding psychiatric educator.

</doc>
<doc id="18312894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312894" title="Battle of Shire">
Battle of Shire

The Battle of Shire (Italian: "Battaglia dello Mayatutors") was a battle fought on the northern front of what was known as the Second Italo-Abyssinian War. This battle consisted of attacks and counterattacks by Italian forces under Marshal of Italy Pietro Badoglio and Ethiopian forces under "Ras" Imru Haile Selassie. This battle was primarily fought in the Shire area of Ethiopia.
Background.
On 3 October 1935, General Emilio De Bono advanced into Ethiopia from Eritrea without a declaration of war. De Bono had a force of approximately 100,000 Italian soldiers and 25,000 Eritrean soldiers to advance towards Addis Ababa. In December, after a brief period of inactivity and minor setbacks for the Italians, De Bono was replaced by Badoglio. 
Emperor Haile Selassie I launched the Christmas Offensive late in the year to test Badoglio. For a brief period of time, the initiative switched to the Ethiopians.
Preparation.
In early January 1936, the Ethiopian forces were in the hills everywhere overlooking the Italian positions and launching attacks against them on a regular basis. Italian dictator Benito Mussolini was impatient for an Italian offensive to get under way and for the Ethiopians to be swept from the field. In response to his frequent exhortations, Badoglio cabled Mussolini: "It has always been my rule to be meticulous in preparation so that I may be swift in action." By mid-January 1936, Badoglio was ready to renew the advance on the Ethiopian capital. Badoglio overwhelmed the armies of ill-armed and uncoordinated Ethiopian warriors with mustard gas, tanks, and heavy artillery.
The Ethiopians facing the Italians were in three groupings. In the center, near Abiy Addi and along the Beles River in the Tembien, were "Ras" Kassa Haile Darge with approximately 40,000 men and "Ras" Seyum Mangasha with about 30,000 men. On the Ethiopian right was "Ras" Mulugeta Yeggazu and his army of approximately 80,000 men in positions atop Amba Aradam. "Ras" Imru Haile Selassie with approximately 40,000 men was on the Ethiopian left in the area around Seleh Leha and Shire.
Badoglio had five army corps at his disposal. On his right, he had the Italian IV Corps and the Italian II Corps facing "Ras" Imru in the Shire. In the Italian center was the Eritrean Corps facing "Ras" Kassa and "Ras" Seyoum in the Tembien. Facing "Ras" Mulugeta atop Amba Aradam was the Italian I Corps and the Italian III Corps.
Initially, Badoglio saw the destruction of "Ras" Mulugeta's army as his first priority. "Ras" Mulugeta's force would have to be dislodged from its strong positions on Amba Aradam in order for the Italians to continue the advance towards Addis Ababa. But "Ras" Kassa and "Ras" Seyoum were exerting such pressure from the Tembien that Badoglio decided that he would have to deal with them first. If the Ethiopian center was successful, the I Corps and III Corps facing "Ras" Mulugeta would be cut off from reinforcement and resupply.
From 20 January to 24 January, the First Battle of Tembien was fought. The outcome of this battle was inconclusive, but the threat "Ras" Kassa posed to the I Corps and III Corps was neutralized.
From 10 February to 19 February, the Battle of Amba Aradam was fought. The outcome of this battle was a decisive Italian victory and the destruction of the army of "Ras" Mulugeta.
From 27 February to 29 February, the Second Battle of Tembien was fought. The outcome of this battle was a decisive Italian victory and the destruction of the armies of "Ras" Kassa and "Ras" Seyoum.
Battle.
"Ras" Imru had little knowledge of the battles taking place to his west. Messages routed through Gondar took an average of eleven days to reach him. On 29 February, Badoglio launched the Battle of Shire using the Italian II Corps and the Italian IV Corps. But, after the defeat of "Ras" Kassa and "Ras" Seyoum, "Ras" Imru had already decided on his own to withdraw and avoid being trapped.
The II Corps advanced from Axum to an area thirty miles south of the town where forces of "Ras" Imru were known to be operating. At the same time. the IV Corps moved south from the Eritrean border on Ras Imru's left flank. The ground both forces traversed was very rough and very inhospitable with few roads. At one point the II Corps was unexpectedly attacked while its units were strung out all along a single road. They were forced to fight in old-fashioned infantry squares and the Ethiopians were only driven off when the full weight of the heavy artillery and the Royal Italian Air Force ("Regia Aeronautica Italia") were brought to bear. The Italians then set up defensive positions much to the annoyance of Badoglio.
On 2 March, the advance of the II Corps began again but was stopped the same day when it ran into "Ras" Imru's rear-guard. By the time the artillery and air force were ready the next morning, the Ethiopians were gone. Neither the II Corps nor the IV Corps managed to close the trap on "Ras" Imru and, for all intents and purposes, the Battle of Shire was formally over as his army retreated to join up with Haile Selassie.
"Ras" Imru's army withdrew from the battlefield relatively intact. A comparison of the damages it had suffered to the damages it had done was far better than was typical on the northern front. The Ethiopians in the Shire had suffered approximately four casualties for every Italian casualty. While costly, this was far better than the ten Ethiopian casualties per one Italian casualty which had become expected elsewhere on the northern front.
Trapped at the Takezé.
When the Royal Army ("Regio Esercito") did not succeed in engaging and destroying "Ras" Imru's army, Badoglio turned the job over to the Regia Aeronautica. By this point, this was common practice. On 3 March and 4 March, Italian aircraft dropped 80 tons of high explosive and incendiary bombs on "Ras" Imru's army as it crossed the Tekezé River. Beyond the river, the Ethiopians faced a rain of deadly mustard gas and strafing by low flying fighters. When the II Corps crossed the Takezé days later, the effectiveness of the Italian air arm was made apparent by the thousands of putrefying corpses.
Aftermath.
The destruction of the army of "Ras" Imru, following the destruction of the armies of "Ras" Mulugeta and "Ras" Kassa, allowed Bodoglio to again focus his attention on his advance on Addis Ababa. The whole of the northern region was open and virtually unprotected. With the exception of the army under the personal command of Haile Selassie, there was nothing between Badoglio and the Ethiopian capital. Of Haile Selassie's options, Badoglio explained: "The Emperor has three choices. To attack, and be defeated; to wait for our attack, and we will win anyway; or to retreat, which is disastrous for an army that lacks means of transport and proper organization for food and munitions."
Badoglio meticulously prepared for his next advance. A network of new roads was constructed. Supplies were dumped into the forward area. Two lines of forts were constructed and manned to protect the main lines of communication. Bands of Azebu Oromo were armed, paid, and organized to patrol the conquered areas. This allowed Badoglio's main force to redeploy to the front in readiness for the coming offensive.
"Ras" Imru escaped the destructive attacks by the Regia Aeronautica with approximately 10,000 men only to have most of them slip away when the opportunity presented itself. By the time Imru reached Debre Marqos, he was accompanied only by the 300 men of his personal bodyguard. His progress to re-join the Emperor was slowed by constant harassment by the Italians. The Battle of Maychew was over before he again saw Haile Selassie.
Independent motorized columns.
In addition to preparing for his next advance, Badoglio sent out a number of independent motorized columns to occupy Gondar, Deborah, Sokota, and Sardo. These operations were carried out systematically and, as there was little opposition, they were quickly concluded.
Occupation of Gondar.
On 1 April, a column led by Fascist Achille Starace captured Gondar, the capital of Begemder Province. This mobile infantry column was between 3,000 and 5.000 strong and composed of Blackshirts. It moved in an assortment of several hundred trucks and was called Starace's East African Fast Column ("Colonna Celere dell'Africa Orientale"). Starace, known as "the Panther Man" ("L'uomo pantera"), was a Major General in the National Security Volunteer Militia ("Milizia Volontaria per la Sicurezza Nazionale", or MSVN) and Party Secretary of the National Fascist Party ("Partito Nazionale Fascista", or PNF). By 3 April, Starace and his men reached the shores of Lake Tana. The border region with British Sudan was secured and the Panther Man's column had covered approximately 75 miles in three days. There were rumors that "Ras" Imru had 40,000 men at Ifag and "Ras" Kassa had 8,000 men at Debre Tabor. With British help, these forces were organizing to retake Gondar.
Occupation of Debre Tabor.
On 24 April, two battalions from Starace's column, the "Mussolini" Blackshirt Battalion and the 111th Native Battalion, made a surprise attack on Debre Tabor. The battalions met with no resistance. While "Ras" Kassa and "Dejazmach" Ayalew Birru had been reported to be in Debre Tabor, "Ras" Kassa was in actuality many miles away and "Dejazmach" Ayalew Birru had left as the Italians approached.

</doc>
<doc id="18312901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312901" title="Mount Sinai Jewish Center">
Mount Sinai Jewish Center

The Mount Sinai Jewish Center is an Orthodox Jewish Ashkenazi congregation in the Washington Heights / Hudson Heights neighborhood, in the New York City borough of Manhattan.
It is located at 135 Bennett Ave (at the corner of 187th street and Broadway).
History.
It is a conglomeration of many shuls that have merged over the past 102 years. Its official title is Mount Sinai Anshe Emeth, Emez Wozedek Jewish Center of Washington Heights & Beth Hillel & Beth Israel.
Since 2000, Mount Sinai has seen a massive resurgence due to the influx of many young, religious Jews moving to the neighborhood.
Currently Rabbi Ezra Schwartz serves as the rabbi.

</doc>
<doc id="18312904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312904" title="Silver Spring–Takoma Thunderbolts">
Silver Spring–Takoma Thunderbolts

The Silver Spring–Takoma Thunderbolts is a collegiate summer baseball team based in Silver Spring, Maryland. Most of its players are drawn from the college ranks. The team is a member of the Cal Ripken Collegiate Baseball League (CRCBL). The Thunderbolts play their home games at Montgomery Blair Baseball Stadium. The Thunderbolts are funded through ticket sales, sponsorships, merchandise sales, donations, and other fundraising efforts at games.
History.
The Thunderbolts played in the Clark Griffith League (CGL) from 2000-2004. In 2005 the Thunderbolts became a founding member of the Cal Ripken Collegiate Baseball League (CRCBL) In 2005 the team shared the League Champsionship with the Bethesda Big Train. In 2006 the team won the League Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18312916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312916" title="1997 Tashkent Open">
1997 Tashkent Open

The 1997 Tashkent Open was a men's tennis tournament held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan and played on outdoor hard courts. It was the inaugural edition of the tournament, part of the 1997 ATP Tour, and was held from September 8 to September 15.
Tim Henman won his 2nd career title and his 2nd of the year by defeating Marc Rosset in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18312919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312919" title="Diver Detection Sonar">
Diver Detection Sonar

Diver Detection Sonar (DDS) systems are sonar and acoustic location systems employed underwater for the detection of divers and submerged swimmer delivery vehicles (SDVs). The purpose of this type of sonar system is to provide detection, tracking and classification information on underwater threats that could endanger property and lives. Further, this information is useful only to the extent that it is made available to authorities in time to make possible the desired response to the threat, be it deterrent or defensive action. Subsurface threats are a difficult problem, because reliable detection is available to date chiefly by use of high-resolution active sonar or trained dolphins or sea lions.
The threat of an underwater terrorist attack is a concern to the maritime industry and port law enforcement agencies. Ports face a range of threats from swimmers, boat-delivered ordnance such as limpet mines and other forms of improvised underwater explosive devices.
DDS systems have been developed to provide underwater security for ports, coastal facilities, offshore installations, pipelines and ships. Due to the variety of life and objects that exist under the water, it is desirable that a DDS system be capable of distinguishing between large sea mammals, shoals of fish; a ship's wake; a diver with an open circuit scuba set and a stealth diver with a rebreather.
DDS systems have been developed that can be mounted on the seabed, on a pier or on the hull of a vessel. For complete port security these systems are integrated with the surface surveillance and security systems employed at ports, coastal facilities and offshore installations. Various systems provide specialized features to facilitate their use in port security systems including automatic detection features.
Evaluation of DDS Systems.
In 2006, in a NATO report given by Dr. R. T. Kessel and R. D. Hollet at the NATO Undersea Research Center, it was stated that sonar gives by far the lowest cost per square meter of underwater coverage of all other means of surveillance (radar, video, visual). This is because sound waves have a low attenuation and long propagation distance in turbid harbor waters relative to other means of sensing (electromagnetic waves, visual light, temperature, magnetism). The leading sonar technology for detecting and tracking underwater intruders is active, monostatic sonar, using principles of conventional beam forming in its signal processing. These sonars are now available from a number of different manufacturers who recommend their use for surveillance against underwater intruders, whereas, other sonar technologies, such as active multi-static or passive sonar, possibly with model-based signal processing, remain at best in the development stage so far as intruder detection is concerned.
Mature Diver Detection Sonar Technology.
In the above mentioned study, conducted with the Italian Navy, it was found that diver or intruder detection sonar technology is mature inasmuch as:
against intruders wearing open-circuit breathing equipment. The coverage is
significant relative to the area of open water and to the possible entry points for
intruders in many harbours.
accounted for by environmental (sound propagation) conditions at the time (see
below).
they are recognizably false because they are of short duration and do not follow a
track.
not to be intruders—by large fish, or schools of fish, or marine mammals, for
instance—can usually be recognized by an experienced operator from the
contact’s behaviour, especially the evolution of their track, so these “false”
alarms are unlikely to be troublesome in practice. They furthermore provide
feedback about the functioning of the sonar and domain awareness.
simultaneously.
Were the Diver Detection sonar systems to rely strictly on the echograph generated by the sonar units overlaid on a navigation chart, then a diver or SDV would appear as a relatively small moving shape that is refreshed with each transmission or ping of the sonar against a fluctuating background of sound clutter and reverberation. The operator would have to recognize the shape and judge if it represents a threat calling for further action or not. This is problematic in that they would have to be highly trained sonar operators. For this reason, commercial DDS systems use automation to simplify the sonar display by suppressing the echograph and displaying only the chart and detection and tracking information.
Commercial use of DDS.
In 2008, the Port of Gdańsk purchased the first DDS system to be installed in a commercial oil terminal. [http://www.energy-daily.com/reports/dsIT_to_Supply_First_Underwater_Surveillance_System_To_Protect_Oil_Platform_999.html]
In December, 2008, Diver Detection Sonar (DDS) System sold to an undisclosed EMEA government. The system will be installed in an area with critical infrastructure, including a port and energy production facilities. [http://www.asdnews.com/news/18699/DSIT_Solutions_Sells_Underwater_Site_Security_System.htm]
March 4, 2009,A $1.7M order for an underwater security system, to be used by a large energy facility at an undisclosed location in Asia, to guard and protect the customer infrastructure from underwater intrusion and sabotage. [http://www.nationalhomelandsecurityknowledgebase.com/cln/news/030409a.aspx][http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dsit-to-supply-energy-facility-with-underwater-site-security-61685022.html]
March 12, 2009, Sale of multiple Diver Detection Sonar sensors, which will protect a strategic site against underwater intrusion. [http://finance.dailyherald.com/freelunch.html/news/read?GUID=8818281][http://ca.us.biz.yahoo.com/prnews/090923/ny80704.html?.v=1]
May 25, 2009, US Navy orders additional Sonar systems [http://www.rovworld.com/modules.php?name=News&file=article&sid=3242]
December 2011, Asian customer places the world's largest order for underwater security systems protection of oil platforms [http://www.gsnmagazine.com/node/25195?c=c=infrastructure_protection][http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dsit-receives-a-123-million-order-for-underwater-security-systems-for-protection-of-offshore-rigs-and-coastal-energy-terminals-135242493.html]
March 2012, Undisclosed Navy places repeat order for Multiple Diver Detection Sonars [http://www.morningstar.com/invest/articles/676935-dsit-an-acorn-energy-company-receives-another-round-of-orders-from-an-undisclosed-navy-its-aquashield-underwater-security-systems.html]
May 2012, Multiple sales of Diver/Intruder Detection Sonars for undisclosed Middle Eastern facilities [10][http://www.marsecreview.com/2012/05/protecting-waterside-assets/]
August 2012, Ministry of Defense of One of the world's largest armies orders a Portable Diver Detection Sonar [http://www.adnkronos.com/IGN/Immediapress/Meccanica/DSIT-an-Acorn-Energy-Company-Secures-New-Order-for-PointShield%E2%84%A2-Portable-Diver-Detection-Sonar_313817007105.html]
November 9, 2012, A large defense integrator places an order for six portable diver detection sonar for vessel protection [http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dsit-solutions-ltd-an-acorn-energy-company-receives-an-order-for-six-portable-diver-detection-sonar-systems-for-the-protection-of-naval-vessels-178107931.html]
External links.
Swimmer detection sonar AN/WQX-2
Anti-frogman Techniques Anti-frogman techniques
External links.
AquaShield Diver Detection Sonar System [http://www.dsit.co.il/products/diver_detection_sonar.asp]
DSIT Solutions Ltd.[http://www.dsit.co.il]
Diver Detection Systems on www.naval-technology.com [http://www.naval-technology.com/contractors/sonar/kongsberg]
White paper on new trends in diver detection systems (released April 2009) [http://www.naval-technology.com/downloads/whitepapers/sonar/file634]
Kongsberg Diver Detection Systems product information [http://www.km.kongsberg.com/ks/web/nokbg0240.nsf/AllWeb/31A785B964682F57C12573DB004AFC3D?OpenDocument]
Kongsberg Mesotech Inc. [www.kongsberg-mesotech.com]
Diver Detection Sonar's and the Protection of Underwater Pipelines [http://www.wi-ltd.com/security/Maritime_Security/Diver_Detection/Diver_Detection_Sonar_Underwater_Pipeline]
31 January 2008
www.sonardyne.co.uk/Products/SonarImaging/sentinel.html

</doc>
<doc id="18312945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312945" title="Stephen B. Levine">
Stephen B. Levine

Stephen Barrett Levine (born 1942) is an American psychiatrist known for his work in human sexuality, particularly sexual dysfunction and transsexualism.
Education and career.
Levine earned his M.D. from Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine in 1967 and serves as a Clinical Professor of Psychiatry there. His clinical practice began in the mid-1970s as the University Hospitals of Cleveland Sexual Dysfunction Clinic. In 1993 the Clinic separated from University Hospitals, and is presently called The Center for Marital and Sexual Health in Beachwood, Ohio.
His early work focused on premature ejaculation and erectile dysfunction, and he has written on a number of treatment options, including vacuum pumps, injections into the corpus cavernosum of the penis, and Viagra. The most potent aphrodisiacs, according to Levine, are psychological intimacy and voyeurism: "looking at pictures or movies of people engaged in genital or romantic interplay."
Levine has written on sex offenders, including professionals who offend. He cites Kurt Freund as an important influence because Freund wanted to define the subtypes of child molesters to help devise a means of prevention. Levine has written about adultery and infidelity and believes pejorative terms like "cheating" and "infidelity" prevent addressing the issue in realistic terms.
He is noted for his work in clinical management of gender identity disorder. Levine was Chair of the fifth edition of the Harry Benjamin International Gender Dysphoria Association Standards of Care in 1998. Levine also served on the American Psychiatric Association DSM-IV Subcommittee on Gender Identity Disorders.
Levine was section co-editor with R. Taylor Segraves for the section on sexual and gender identity disorders in "Treatments of Psychiatric Disorders" by Glen Gabbard. Notable contributors included Martin Kafka (paraphilias) and Kenneth Zucker (gender identity disorder in children and adolescents).
Although much of his work is written for other clinicians, Levine has written books for a lay audience, including "Solving Common Sexual Problems" (1997) and "Sexuality in Mid-Life" (2004).

</doc>
<doc id="18312946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312946" title="Bilruta Frosta–Åsen">
Bilruta Frosta–Åsen

Bilruta Frosta–Åsen AS is a defunct bus company based in Frosta, Norway. It operated the route from Frosta to Åsen, and onwards north to Levanger. The company was bought by TrønderBilene on 1 December 1999 from Frode Revhaug. In 2005 TrønderBilene and Bilruta Frosta–Åsen merged; at the time Bilruta had 17 employees.

</doc>
<doc id="18312992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312992" title="Ohr (record label)">
Ohr (record label)

Ohr was an influential German electronic/experimental record label set up by Rolf-Ulrich Kaiser in 1970. It released the debut albums of Tangerine Dream and Klaus Schulze.
History.
The first five Ohr releases featured sleeves by Reinhard Hippen, all with dismembered baby doll parts as a central aspect of the imagery. These were Tangerine Dream's "Electronic Meditation", Bernt Witthuser's "Lieder von Vampiren...", Embryo's "Opal", Floh de Cologne's "FliesbandbabysBeatShow", and Limbus 4's "Mandalas".
Other releases included Klaus Schulze, Ash Ra Tempel, Cosmic Jokers, Guru Guru, Popol Vuh, Sergius Golowin, Amon Düül, Birth Control, Witthuser & Westrupp, and numerous others. The Ohr office in New York City was run by Neil Kempfer-Stocker.
Kaiser also set up the label Pilz for more folkish/ethnic releases – such as Popol Vuh, Wallenstein and Holderlin's Traum. Further to this, he also set up the Cosmic Couriers label for more space-rock type releases – Cosmic Jokers, Ash Ra Tempel, Manuel Gottsching, et al.
Brain Records was set up when two disgruntled A&R men left Ohr to start their own label, taking Guru Guru with them.

</doc>
<doc id="18312998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18312998" title="Shamrock Bowl XXII">
Shamrock Bowl XXII

Shamrock Bowl XXII was played on August 10, 2008. The match featured the Irish American Football League South Division champions University of Limerick Vikings meet the IAFL Central Division Champions Dublin Rebels in CIT Stadium, Cork, Ireland. The UL Vikings were able win their second consecutive Shamrock Bowl title by defeating the Dublin Rebels 14-12. The MVP of the game was Adrian Garvey who scored the Vikings only offensive touchdown of the game. 
The game was a rematch of the week 13 regular season game when the Rebels beat the Vikings 32-14.
The game was staged in CIT Stadium which has now been made home of the Cork Admirals. Weather conditions were perfect as the sun shined nearly the whole game. This was the second Shamrock Bowl played in a stadium as all other Shamrock Bowls were usually played in ordinary sports grounds.
Teams.
"UL Vikings".
The UL Vikings came into the game with a 7-1 record from the regular season. The Vikings won every game in the IAFL South Division. After two Shamrock Bowl XXI rematches against the Cork Admirals, the Vikings were capable of beating them twice in the 2008 season. During the playoffs the UL Vikings played the Belfast Trojans in the Semi-Finals on Sunday, 27 July. The Vikings beat the Trojans 42-8 to secure their spot in the Shamrock Bowl. The Vikings played a very impressive game on both offence and defence.
"Dublin Rebels".
Entering with the same record as the Vikings at 7-1, the Rebels came in after an upset win over the Cork Admirals in the Semi Final beating them 19-12. Hoping to win their 6th Shamrock Bowl title and trying to win one for the first time in two years, the Rebels entered with high hopes. They finished first in the Central Division with a helpful win in week 13 against the UL Vikings which they won 32-14.
Game summary.
The game began with the UL Vikings kicking off to the Dublin Rebels and Kevin Finnegan returned the ball into Limerick territory. The Rebels Quarterback Andy Dennehy then proceeded to lead a well executed drive to get to the Limerick redzone. Finnegan was the main threat for Dublin from the running back position. The Vikings defence then stepped up their game and big tackles from Kieran Coen and Bill Parkinson stopped the Dublin drive. Vikings QB JP Nerbun then took over and had trouble moving the ball initially against the tough Dublin defense.
A great punt by Daniel Smith put Dublin under pressure but they continued to move the ball well and got back into Limerick territory. A fumble by the Vikings was recovered by the Rebels and they then opened the scoring with a 28-yard field goal by Paul Grogan which put them up three to nil. The Vikes then steeled their resolve and began to gain yards on offense. JP Nerbun completed passes to Tight End Glen Carr and receiver Marc Ashworth and game MVP Adrian Garvey made some big gains on the ground. 
This pressure continued and the Rebels were almost powerless to stop the drive. Garvey punched in the first touchdown of the game from 23 yards out with a dazzling run which combinined great speed, elusive moves and crushing strength at the end to put him over the line. The blocking of Mark Thompson, Brendan Moroney, Jim Davis, Kieran Coen, Dave Moloney and Glen Carr was crucial on the drive also. The extra point attempt was blocked. The Rebels then took to the air in a bid to regain the lead. Dennehy completed passes to tight end Paul Smyth. Darragh O'Callaghan then stepped in front of a pass, juggled it for a moment and then secured possession. The Viking defence then turned to blockers and in what resembled a feeding frenzy, O'Callaghan found running room and took the ball all the way back for another Viking touchdown. The sizeable Limerick crowd went crazy after the play. JP Nerbun then threw a spectacular fade pass to Seamus Feehan who snagged the ball and kept his feet in bounds for the 2-point conversion. This score would prove crucial at the final whistle. The rest of the 2nd quarter saw the ball change hands a couple of times but no scores.
2nd Half.
The 3rd quarter saw the Rebels come back strongly showing what made them national champions four times this decade. They were awarded 2 points for a safety for a block below the waist penalty on a punt. They then put together their first touchdown drive through great running from Ross McCoohey and Kevin Finnegan which was capped by a touchdown pass to Tight End Paul Smyth. Paul Grogan kicked the extra point. This cut the Vikings lead to only two points and put them in serious danger. 
The fourth quarter was dominated by both teams defences and was a showcase of tense and entertaining football. Garvey continued to pound away on the ground getting the Vikings valuable first downs and keeping the Rebels out of range of scoring. The Vikings defense made some huge stops this quarter with Danny Smith, Mark Gaffney, Cormac Ryan and Kieran Coen making important tackles. The Rebels still managed to move the ball into field goal range and attempted the kick to put them one point up with 3 minutes left. Kieran Coen and Glen Carr surged through the Rebels line pushing one of the Rebels linemen back far enough for the kick to bounce off the linemans Helmet and away to safety. The ball was tipped off line and the kick was no good.
The Vikings then drove the back up the pitch and took 2 minutes off the clock. The Rebels got the ball back again and drove down the field. The atmosphere in the stadium was electric as every play in the drive was life or death. Andy Dennehy completed a number of passes and the Rebels were moving well until the Vikings Safety Liam Ryan made a diving interception in front of Paul Smyth to seal the game and secure the Vikings second National Championship. Adrian Garvey then picked up a first down and the last seconds ticked off of a hugely entertaining Shamrock Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="18313015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313015" title="Tapur Chatterjee">
Tapur Chatterjee

Tapur Chatterjee (born 24 April 1978) is an Indian model.
Tapur along with twin sister Tupur are the granddaughters of Veteran filmmaker Hrishikesh Mukherjee.
Tapur Chatterjee has appeared in advertisements for Titan Raga watches, Lakme, and Park Avenue, amongst others, with a cover for "Femina" and numerous fashion features in magazines including "Elle" and "Cosmopolitan".
TV shows.
"Fear Factor - Khatron Ke Khiladi" on Colors TV
"Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa" on Sony TV

</doc>
<doc id="18313030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313030" title="Sgoth Niseach">
Sgoth Niseach

A Sgoth or "Sgoth Niseach" is a traditional type of clinker built skiff with a dipping lug rig, a Lateen style sail, built mainly in Ness. The boats were used as traditional fishing boats, particularly for line fishing, during the 19th century and up until the early half of the twentieth century. There are several still in active use owned by community trusts which maintain them.
The rig of a Sgoth is unusual in that the yard is longer than the mast, all of the rig fits comfortably within the boat as the mast was lowered when working with the lines. The boats were beach launched, when they were afloat they were loaded with ballast in the form of stones from the shore, during fishing the stone ballast would be replaced by the catch.
As line fishing died out in the islands, the numbers of boats being built dwindled, and in 1935 "Jubilee" was launched. She would be the last original working Sgoth. By this time the boats had been reduced in size to around 27 feet, and the fishing efforts were concentrated more to inshore waters. These are sometimes referred to as 'three quarter size' Sgoth Niseach.
Jubilee was restored as a community sailing boat in 1978, and more recently in 2005, and is operated by the community boat trust 'Falmadair'. She is based in Stornoway where she sails regularly, taking out members of the public as crew.
In 1994, a full size ( 33 feet ) replica Sgoth was built in Stornoway by John Murdo Macleod, as the subject of a documentary film called "An Sgoth". The boat was named "An Sulaire" (The Gannet).
Another three-quarter Sgoth "Oigh Niseach" is based in Raasay, and "Bluebird" a half sized ( 16ft ) Sgoth is based in Ness.

</doc>
<doc id="18313038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313038" title="Stephen Levine">
Stephen Levine

Stephen Levine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18313041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313041" title="Peter Eele">
Peter Eele

Peter James Eele, born at Taunton, Somerset on 27 January 1935, was a cricketer who played for Somerset and later acted as an umpire in first-class matches in England.
Eele was a lower-order left-handed batsman and a wicketkeeper. He was the reserve wicketkeeper to Harold Stephenson at Somerset in the late 1950s and early 1960s, and his first-class cricket career was dictated largely by Stephenson's state of health. So 43 of Eele's 54 first-class matches came in two seasons: 1958, when Stephenson was injured for the second half of the season, and 1964, when Stephenson was able to play only three times. When Stephenson left the county somewhat unwillingly at the end of the 1964 season, Somerset recruited Geoff Clayton of Lancashire as his wicketkeeping replacement. Eele stayed as Clayton's deputy for a couple of seasons, but then left the staff.
Eele's batting was his weak point. He passed 40 in a first-class innings only once, though he then went on to make an unbeaten 103 against the Pakistan Eaglets team in 1963. As a wicketkeeper, he was "tidy and unshowy".
After leaving Somerset, Eele played Minor Counties cricket for Devon. From 1981 to 1984 and then again from 1989 to 1990 he was on the first-class umpires list.

</doc>
<doc id="18313068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313068" title="St. Modwen Properties">
St. Modwen Properties

St. Modwen Properties plc () is a British-based property investment and development business specialising in the regeneration and remediation of brownfield land and urban environments. It is headquartered in Birmingham and owns a portfolio of over 180 property investment and development sites across the UK.
History.
The business was founded by Sir Stanley Clarke CBE and his brother-in-law Jim Leavesley in 1966 as a property development business called "Clarke St. Modwen". In 1986 the management reversed the business into Redman Heenan International plc, a listed former engineering concern that had become a shell company. At that time the name was changed to "St. Modwen Properties plc". In the 1980s the company developed the Stoke-on-Trent Garden Festival site.
More recently the company has taken ownership of large former industrial sites such as the former MG Rover site at Longbridge. Other sites in St. Modwen's development portfolio include the brownfield reclamation site at Glan Llyn and the town centre sites at Edmonton, Farnborough and Wembley Central as well as the Great Homer Street site in Liverpool.
Operations.
The company has a strategy to add value to the properties it owns through remediation, enhanced planning approvals and asset management. The company's portfolio comprises some 5,800 developable acres. The portfolio was valued at £1.1bn at 30 November 2012.
Criticism.
The land at the former MG Rover Longbridge site was obtained by St Modwen Properties at a fraction of the actual value after the company paid a £100,000 commission to a firm run by an associate of the Phoenix Four. This commission was later described as a "bribe" by inspectors looking into the collapse of MG Rover. St. Modwen firmly dismissed the assertion.

</doc>
<doc id="18313080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313080" title="Operation Luger">
Operation Luger

Operation Luger was a joint military operation between the Canadian Forces and Afghan National Army. In July 2007, the Afghan-led operation was intended to enhance security within the Panjwayii district.

</doc>
<doc id="18313095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313095" title="Behnam Abolghasempour">
Behnam Abolghasempour

Behnam Abolghasempour (, born August 24, 1973) is an Iranian retired football player. As of 22 June 2011, He is assistant coach of Persepolis in Iran Pro League, and is in charge as the manager of Sport Affairs at Tehran Municipality Region 20. He has played for four Iranian clubs including Saipa, Persepolis, Pas and Sorkhpoushan. He has also represented Iran national football team four times, scoring twice.

</doc>
<doc id="18313116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313116" title="Roop">
Roop

Roop or ROOP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18313128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313128" title="Bones of the Hills">
Bones of the Hills

Bones of the Hills (known as Genghis: Bones of the Hills in America) is the third book of the "Conqueror" series, based on the life of Mongol warlord Genghis by Conn Iggulden. It focuses mainly on the Mongol invasion of Islamic Central Asia, the war against shah Muhammad II of Khwarezm and his son Jalal ad-Din Mingburnu and the brutal massacres at Urgench and Merv.
Summary.
Genghis Khan, powerful leader of a nation united from the tribes, is victorious in the long war against the Chin, the Mongolians' ancient foe. Now trouble arises from another direction: his embassies to the west are rebuffed, his ambassadors murdered.
The nation must embark on its greatest journey, through present day Iran and Iraq, to the edges of India. They face enemies as powerful and ancient as any they have known and the Khan's path will lead them either to victory or utter destruction.
Genghis has proved himself as a warrior and a leader. He must now face the challenges of civilisation, what it will mean for his people and those who come after him. His sons have become generals. He must choose between them before they destroy all he has built.

</doc>
<doc id="18313151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313151" title="Weser Tower">
Weser Tower

The Weser Tower is a multistorey building in Bremen, designed by the American architect of German origin Helmut Jahn. The laying of the foundation was on 23 October 2007. The Tower of 82 metres height is the tallest office building of Bremen and was completed in 2010.
The 22 floors of the building have a surface of 18,000 square metres and thus place for 800 jobs. Among this large-scale project rank also a new hotel, a Varieté theatre, restaurants and further office buildings. Principal tenant are subsidiary companies of the power supplier EWE AG, which takes over altogether 13 floors of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="18313181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313181" title="Tottoridaigakumae Station">
Tottoridaigakumae Station

Tottoridaigakumae Station, which is translated into Station in front of Tottori University in Japanese, is a railway station on the Sanin Main Line of West Japan Railway Company (JR West) located in, Tottori Prefecture, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313183" title="Suetsune Station">
Suetsune Station

Suetsune Station is a railway station on the Sanin Main Line of West Japan Railway Company (JR West) located in, Tottori Prefecture, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313185" title="Hōgi Station">
Hōgi Station

Hōgi Station is a railway station on the Sanin Main Line of West Japan Railway Company (JR West) located in, Tottori Prefecture, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313186" title="Hamamura Station">
Hamamura Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313187" title="Aoya Station">
Aoya Station

Aoya Station is a railway station on the Sanin Main Line of West Japan Railway Company (JR West) located in Tottori Prefecture, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313189" title="Tomari Station (Tottori)">
Tomari Station (Tottori)

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18313190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313190" title="Matsuzaki Station (Tottori)">
Matsuzaki Station (Tottori)

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18313193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313193" title="Kurayoshi Station">
Kurayoshi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313194" title="Shimohōjō Station">
Shimohōjō Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313196" title="Higashiyamakōen Station (Tottori)">
Higashiyamakōen Station (Tottori)

The station started operation on 18 March 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18313198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313198" title="Yura Station">
Yura Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313199" title="Yonago Station">
Yonago Station

The station started operation on November 1, 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="18313200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313200" title="Urayasu Station (Tottori)">
Urayasu Station (Tottori)

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18313201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313201" title="Yabase Station">
Yabase Station

Yabase Station is a railway station on the Sanin Main Line of West Japan Railway Company (JR West) located in, Tottori Prefecture, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313202" title="Akasaki Station (Tottori)">
Akasaki Station (Tottori)


</doc>
<doc id="18313203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313203" title="Nakayamaguchi Station">
Nakayamaguchi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313204" title="Shimoichi Station">
Shimoichi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313205" title="Mikuriya Station (Tottori)">
Mikuriya Station (Tottori)


</doc>
<doc id="18313206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313206" title="Nawa Station (Tottori)">
Nawa Station (Tottori)

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18313207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313207" title="Daisenguchi Station">
Daisenguchi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313208" title="Yodoe Station">
Yodoe Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313209" title="Hōki-Daisen Station">
Hōki-Daisen Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313212" title="UrQMD">
UrQMD

UrQMD (Ultra relativistic Quantum Molecular Dynamics) is a fully integrated Monte Carlo simulation package for Proton+Proton, Proton+nucleus and nucleus+nucleus interactions. UrQMD has many applications in particle physics, high energy experimental physics and engineering, shielding, detector design, cosmic ray studies, and medical physics.
Since version 3.3, an option has been incorporated to substitute part of the collision with a hydrodynamic model.
UrQMD is available in as open source Fortran code.
UrQMD is developed using the FORTRAN language. Under Linux the gfortran compiler is necessary to build and run the program.
The UrQMD model is part of the GEANT4 simulation package.

</doc>
<doc id="18313215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313215" title="Koyama Station">
Koyama Station

The station started operation on April 28, 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="18313221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313221" title="Jean Abdelnour">
Jean Abdelnour

Jean Abdel-Nour (born 29 November 1983) is a Lebanese basketball player with Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut of the Lebanese Basketball League. He played year 2002-03 with Ghazir where he did a great season which made Bluestars to sign him in season 2003-04. He stayed with them till year 2008-09 where he was the best Lebanese player and scorer in the team having an average of 16 ppg, 7.4 rpg. After the season finished Bluestars decided to quit playing in the first division therefore Abdelnour signed a 4-year contract with Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut. Abdel-Nour is also a member of the Lebanon national basketball team, with whom he competed with at the 2006 FIBA World Championship, FIBA Asia Championship 2007 and FIBA Asia Championship 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18313222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313222" title="Stephen Levine (author)">
Stephen Levine (author)

Stephen Levine (born 17 July 1937) is an American poet, author and teacher best known for his work on death and dying. He is one of a generation of pioneering teachers who, along with Jack Kornfield, Joseph Goldstein and Sharon Salzberg, have made the teachings of Theravada Buddhism more widely available to students in the West. Like the writings of his colleague and close friend, Ram Dass (formerly Richard Alpert), Stephen's work is also flavoured by the devotional practices and teachings (also known as Bhakti Yoga) of the Hindu Guru Neem Karoli Baba. This aspect of his teaching may be considered one way in which his work differs from that of the more purely Buddhist oriented teachers named above. Since Buddhism is largely considered a non-theistic faith, his allusions in his teachings to a creator, which he variously terms God, The Beloved, The One and 'Uugghh', further distinguish his work from that of other contemporary Buddhist writers. 
Life and career.
Born in Albany, New York, Levine attended the University of Miami. He published his first work, "A Resonance of Hope", in 1959. After working as an editor and writer in New York City, Levine was one of the founders of the "San Francisco Oracle" in 1966.
He spent time helping the sick and dying, using meditation as a method of treatment; a program he shared with psychologist Richard Alpert and psychiatrist Elisabeth Kubler-Ross.
The author of several books about dying, Levine and his wife Ondrea spent one year living as if it were their last. Levine's son Noah initially rejected his father's work, then started to teach meditation on his own. Levine and his wife Ondrea appeared in the 2007 documentary, Meditate and Destroy, that focuses on the life of their son Noah Levine.
For many years, Stephen and Ondrea have been living in near seclusion in the mountains of Northern New Mexico. They are both currently experiencing significant illness which prevents them from travelling and teaching.
Teaching.
Although drawing upon the teachings of a variety of wisdom traditions, including Native American, Sufism and mystical interpretations of Christianity, Stephen's writing is most significantly informed by the teaching of the Theravada branch of Buddhism.
When my teacher told me, be kind to yourself, I literally went weak at the knees. It had never occurred to me!
If you went into a restaurant and the people at the next table were talking to one another the way you and I talk to ourselves in our minds, you would be nauseated.-->
Grief Work
One of the most significant aspects of Stephen's work and one for which he is perhaps best known, is his pioneering approach to working with the experience of grief. Over 34 years, Stephen and his wife Ondrea have counselled concentration camp survivors and their children, Vietnam War veterans as well as victims of sexual abuse. Although Stephen acknowledges that our experience of grief is perhaps at its most intense when a loved one dies, he also draws our attention to grief's more subtle incarnations. "Our ordinary, everyday grief," accumulates as a response to the "burdens of disappointments and disillusionment, the loss of trust and confidence that follows the increasingly less satisfactory arch of our lives". In order to avoid feeling this grief we "armour our hearts," which leads to a gradual deadening of our experience of the world When a loved one dies, or indeed when our own death approaches, the intensity of the loss often renders our defenses ineffective and we are swept up by a deluge of griefs, both old and new.
Teachers.
In the acknowledgements section of his book "Who Dies: An Investigation of Conscious Living and Conscious Dying" (1986), Stephen pays tribute to a number of spiritual teachers whose work he acknowledges to have influenced his writing. As well as crediting "years of Buddhist practice and teaching", he cites the writings of Nisargadatta Maharaj, an Indian spiritual teacher and philosopher of Advaita (Nondualism), as well as Neem Karoli Baba and Ramana Maharshi.

</doc>
<doc id="18313226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313226" title="Ashina Moriuji">
Ashina Moriuji


</doc>
<doc id="18313228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313228" title="Lancashire Day">
Lancashire Day

Lancashire Day is held on 27 November. It commemorates the day in 1295 when Lancashire sent its first representatives to Parliament by King Edward I of England to attend what later became known as The Model Parliament. 
Curated by the Friends of Real Lancashire, it was first observed in 1996 with the loyal toast to "The Queen, Duke of Lancaster", and is open to celebration from everywhere within the county palatine. The day since has been widely publicised, including mentions on the BBC website and in the local press. The day receives support from both district councils and Lancashire County Council; Bolton Metropolitan Borough Council has resolved to support the day every year. Many towns throughout the historic county host events on the day, most notably readings of the Lancashire Day Proclamation.

</doc>
<doc id="18313243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313243" title="Anupama Niranjana">
Anupama Niranjana

Anupama Niranjana () (1934–1991) was a doctor in India and writer of modern Kannada fiction and non-fiction.
She advocated the woman's point of view and was one among such writers in Kannada, which includes others like Triveni and M. K. Indira. Her novel Runamuktalu has been made into a successful film by Puttanna Kanagal.
Born Venkatalakshmi, Anupama practiced as a physician in Dharwad and Bangalore. Anupama took to writing early in life and wrote several novels and stories dealing with social issues, particularly women's issue. She was married to the Kannada writer Niranjana, a leading novelist of the Progressive school of modern Kannada literature. Their daughters Tejaswini and Seemanthini are well known academicians. Anupama died of cancer. An award has been instituted in her name for women writing in Kannada.

</doc>
<doc id="18313249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313249" title="Celtic Folkweave">
Celtic Folkweave

Celtic Folkweave is a studio album by Mick Hanly and Mícheál Ó Domhnaill, released in 1974 by Polydor Records. Considered a seminal album in the traditional Irish music genre, the musicians involved in the recording would go on to found some of the most innovative and important groups to perform traditional Irish music. 
Recorded in Ireland in 1974, "Celtic Folkweave" consists of Irish, Scottish, and English ballads, sung in Irish ("Gaeilge"), Scottish Gaelic ("Gàidhlig"), and English. The album is a clear precursor for Ó Domhnaill's subsequent work with The Bothy Band and Nightnoise. The album includes the first extant recording of Ó Domhnaill's trademark "Fionnghuala", here titled "An Bothán A Bha'ig Fionnghuala". Other tracks are drawn from the repertoire of Rannafast (Donegal) songs collected and sung by Ó Domhnaill's aunt Nellí Ní Dhomhnaill. "The Hag at the Churn", "An Bothán A Bhaigh Fionnghuala", "The Banks of Claudy", and "The Heathery Hills of Yarrow" would all later be recorded by The Bothy Band, with Ó Domhnaill's sister Tríona Ní Dhomhnaill on vocals. "Bríd Óg Ní Mháille" was later recorded by Nightnoise. From 1973 to 1974, Hanly and Ó Domhnaill toured under the name Monroe, although that name does not appear on the album.
Background.
During the 1970s, Mícheál Ó'Domhnaill was involved in some of the "most innovative projects and groups in Celtic music." After his first group, Skara Brae, disbanded in 1972, Ó'Domhnaill travelled to Scotland where he collected Gaelic songs on the Islands of Lewis and Skye as part of his work with the School of Scottish studies. When he returned to Ireland, he collected and recorded songs in Donegal, many of which he found through his Aunt Neilli Ni Domhnaill, who possessed a large collection of local songs.
In 1973, while playing the club circuit in Ireland and still a student at University College Dublin, Ó'Domhnaill met Mick Hanly, a Limerick-born singer, guitarist, and dulcimer player, and soon the two formed a duo called Monroe. Playing a mixture of Irish, English, and Scottish ballads, many sung in Irish (Gaeilge) and Scottish Gaelic (Gàidhlig), Monroe's music centered around acoustic guitars, dulcimer, and voices—"Hanly's brusque tones complimenting Mícheál's lower-key vocals." As Monroe, Hanly and Ó'Domhnaill toured Brittany often, meeting with other local and visiting Irish musicians. During this time, Brittany was enjoying a major folk revival, with artists like Alan Stivell, Tri Yann, and Sonnerien Du just emerging onto the scene. In 1974, Hanly and Ó'Domhnaill recorded a single, "The Hills of Greenmore", and toured with the group Planxty as their supporting act. After enlisting the help of some of the members of Planxty—Liam O'Flynn, Dónal Lunny, and Matt Molloy—Hanly and Ó'Domhnaill signed a deal with Polydor Records and recorded the album, "Celtic Folkweave".
Production.
The album was produced by Dónal Lunny, one of the pioneers of the Irish folk music revival in the 1970s. A key member of three of traditional music's most influential groups—Planxty, The Bothy Band, and Moving Hearts—Lunny would remain at the forefront of the traditional Irish music movement for the next thirty-five years. The album was recorded at Polydor's studios in Dublin. Hanly and Ó'Domhnaill were supported in the studio by Liam O'Flynn on uileann pipes and whistle, Dónal Lunny on bodhrán, Matt Molloy on flute, Tommy Peoples on fiddle, Declan McNeils on bass, and Mícheál's sister Tríona Ní Dhomhnaill on harpsichord.
Artwork and packaging.
The album sleeve artwork was designed by Des O'Maera & Partners Ltd. and shows three connected spiral patterns against a black background with "Celtic Folkweave" in white stylized lettering highlighted with yellow outline. The term "folkweave" refers to a type of fabric with a loose weave. The back cover contains two photos of Mick Hanly and Mícheál Ó'Domhnaill, an annoted song listing, and the album credits.
Composition.
The album contains eleven songs of Irish, Scottish, and English ballads, sung in Irish ("Gaeilge"), Scottish Gaelic ("Gàidhlig"), and English. There are two pieces of "puirt à beul", or mouth music, sung in Irish and Scottish Gaelic, five songs sung in Irish and English, two Breton tunes, one Irish dance tune, and a contemporary song in English. The album opens with "Bíodh Orm Anocht", a strange song containing nonsense rhymes sung in a mixture of Donegal and Scottish Gaelic. "The Bold Princess Royal" is a song about a ship that is attacked by pirates while on a voyage from London to Newfoundland, and manages to outrun them. "The Banks of Claudy" is a song Ó Dhomhnaill received from Nellí Ní Dhomhnaill, about a woman who resigns herself to a lonesome existence after her sailor leaves, pining after him during his absence. When he returns, he disguises himself and courts her to see if she is still faithful to him. She resists his overtures, and he finally reveals his true identity. "Éirigh's Cuir Ort Do Chuid Éadaigh" is a common tune from Rannafast, County Donegal, for which there are various sets of lyrics. The title is Irish Gaelic for "Get Up and Get Dressed". The first side of the album concludes with "A Bothán A Bha'ig Fionnghuala", an example of Scottish "puirt à beul". During their live performances, this was one of their most popular songs. The song features pipes and two bodhráns.
The second side of the album opens with "The Heathery Hills of Yarrow", another song from Nellí Ní Dhomhnaill of Rannafast, County Donegal. It tells the story of a ploughboy who falls in love with a girl of high station and is slain by her brother and eight other knights. The ploughboy's sister ties his body to her back with her long hair and carries him home for burial. The spirited "Breton Dances" is a typical piece from the Breton Islands. "The Hiring Fair at Hamiltonsbaw" is a song about the injustice of a farmer who mistreats one of his hired servants. "Bríd Óg Ní Mháille" is a love song from Rannafast, County Donegal, about unrequited love. "The Glasgow Barber" is a song about a poor Irishman who arrives in Glasgow and decides to get a fashionable haircut. On seeing the result, he thinks he looks like an ass. The final song of the album, "(No Love is Sorrow) Songbird", is a contemporary song written by the British band Pentangle, who recorded it on their 1972 album, "Solomon's Seal".
Reception.
Writing in "The Green Man Review", John O'Regan called "Celtic Folkweave" a "seminal" album, often looked upon as "a predecessor to The Bothy Band." O'Regan praised the mixture of Irish, Scottish, and English ballads:
On the "Ceol Álainn" web site, dedicated to rare recordings of traditional Irish music, Dragut Reis called "Celtic Folkweave" an "excellent album" and a precursor to Ó Dhomhnaill's work with The Bothy Band and Nightnoise. Reis found the production "adequate", but not up to the standard of the material he would produce a year later for The Bothy Band.
Aftermath.
All of the musicians on "Celtic Folkweave" would go on to make notable contributions to the Irish and Celtic music genres, with Molloy, Lunny, Ní Dhomhnaill, Ó Domhnaill, and Peoples ending up in The Bothy Band, one of the most influential bands playing Irish traditional music in the 1970s. A number of the album's songs would end up being recorded by The Bothy Band, including "The Hag at the Churn", "An Bothán A Bhaigh Fionnghuala", "The Banks of Claudy", and "The Heathery Hills of Yarrow". Mícheál Ó'Domhnaill would also go on to form partnerships with Kevin Burke and Billy Oskay. Mícheál and his sister Tríona would also go on to found the group Nightnoise, which enjoyed International success and inspired a generation of Irish musicians.
"Celtic Folkweave" was never reissued in either LP or CD format. The master tapes of the recording may have been destroyed in a fire at one of the vinyl pressing plants of Polydor Ireland in 1982. Copies of the original vinyl album "Celtic Folkweave" are considered rare collector's items.

</doc>
<doc id="18313250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313250" title="Rudolf Mentzel">
Rudolf Mentzel

Rudolf Mentzel PhD (1900–1987) was a German chemist and a National Socialist science policy-maker. An influential figure and one of the leading science administrator in the Germany's nuclear energy project, Mentzel served as the scientific and technical adviser on the development of atomic bombs to the German government, and on some part, as the director of this program. Originally a National-socialist by political orientation, Mentzel served as the one of the top leading science policy-maker to the Adolf Hitler and his Cabinet as his role as an undersecretary of the Reich Ministry of Education (REM) in the Office for Science. In the Kaiser Wilhelm Society, he was on the advisory board and, during World War II, Second Vice President of the Kaiser Wilhelm supervising the clandestine research critical to developed the atomic bombs. During this period, his sphere of responsibility also momentarily grew and soon was appointed as the president of the German Association for the Support and Advancement of Scientific Research, acting as the director of the nuclear program.
After World War II, he was interned for three years by the American military government in post-1945 Germany, but was soon released after evidences proved no affiliation with the Nazi Party.
Education.
Mentzel studied and gained B.Sc. in Mathematics and B.S. in Chemistry at the "Georg-August University of Göttingen", and he received his doctorate in 1925 with a thesis on "Stereoisomerism and transformation of b-substituted decahydro-naphthalenes". At Göttingen, he was a "Kreisleiter" (circuit leader) of the "Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei" (NSDAP, National Socialist Workers Party), of which he had been a member since 1922. Due to his participation in the "Kapp putsch" in 1920, he held a golden party badge. Mentzel completed his "Habilitation" in 1933 at the "Justus Liebig-Universität Gießen" with a top-secret "Habilitationsschrift" (thesis) on "Wehrchemie" (military chemistry - the military use of poison gases).
Career.
From 1934, Mentzel was an adviser on science to the "Reichserziehungsministerium" (REM, Reich Ministry of Education). From 1939, he stepped up to the position of "Ministerialdirektor" (Undersecretary) of the "Amt für Wissenschaft" (Office for Science) of the REM; as such he headed "W-II", the Science Office for military research.
Ministry of Education.
Also in 1934, Mentzel began a role in academia, parallel to his role in the REM, when he was appointed "nichtplanmäßiger Professor" (supernumerary professor) at the "Technische Hochschule Berlin" (today, the "Technische Universität Berlin"). In 1935, on the instigation of the Reich Minister of the REM Bernhard Rust, Mentzel became an "ordentlicher Professor" (ordinarius professor) of chemistry in the defense technology department of the "Technische Hochschule Berlin".
Atomic bomb program.
In 1935, Peter Adolf Thiessen became director of the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für physikalische Chemie und Elektrochemie" (KWIPC, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physical Chemistry and Electrochemistry; today, the "Fritz-Haber-Institut der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft"), in Berlin-Dahlem; the KWIPC was in institute under the umbrella organization the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Gesellschaft" (KWG, Kaiser Wilhelm Society, today the Max-Planck Gesellschaft, which was under the "Amt für Wissenschaft" of the REM. That same year, Rust, with the support of Thiessen, had Mentzel appointed commissioner in the managing committee of the KWG. Thiessen, as director of the KWIPC, had a flat on Faradayweg in Berlin-Dahlem that the former director Fritz Haber used for business purposes; Mentzel shared this flat with Thiessen.
Mentzel was a rival to Johannes Stark, and in 1936, Mentzel succeeded Stark as president of the "Notgemeinschaft der Deutschen Wissenschaft" (NG, Emergency Association of German Science). In 1937, the NG was renamed the "Deutsche Gemeinschaft zur Erhaltung und Förderrung der Forschung" (German Association for the Support and Advancement of Scientific Research); in short, known as the "Deutsche Forschungs-Gemeinschaft (DFG, German Research Foundation). As president of the DFG, Mentzel outlined his science policy in the article "Zwanzig Jahre deutsche Forschung". Mentzel was succeeded in 1939 by Abraham Esau.
From 1937, Mentzel was on the "Senat" (Senate) of the KWG, and from 1940 to 1944, he was Second Vice President of the KWG.
Military service.
In 1937, the "Reichsforschungsrat" (RFR, Reich Research Council) was inaugurated under Bernhard Rust on the initiative of Erich Schumann. It was a coordinating agency of the REM for the purpose of centralizing the planning of basic and applied research, and expanding the influence of the military, with the exception of aeronautical research, which was kept under the purview of Hermann Göring. Early in 1939, the RFR started the German nuclear energy project, also known as the "Uranverein". In September 1939, the "Heereswaffenamt" (HWA, Army Ordnance Office) squeezed out the RFR and took control of the project. When it was apparent that the nuclear energy project would not make a decisive contribution to ending the war effort in the near term, control of the project was turned over to the RFR in 1942. However, on 9 June 1942, Adolf Hitler issued a decree for the reorganization of the RFR as a separate legal entity under the "Reichsministerium für Bewaffnung und Munition" (RMBM, Reich Ministry for Armament and Ammunition, after autumn 1943 the Reich Ministry for Armament and War Production); the decree appointed Reich Marshall Hermann Göring as the president. Over the life of the "Uranverein", even with the transfer of the RFR to Göring’s purview, Mentzel, as "Ministerialdirektor" of the REM, was able to make inputs to and exert some influence on the project.
In the "Schutzstaffel" (SS), Mentzel attained the rank of "Oberführer" (Senior Colonel).
After war.
After World War II, Mentzel was interned by the American occupation forces for three years. His release was, in part, brought about by the affidavit provided by Walther Gerlach, at Mentzel’s request in a letter dated December 6, 1948. These exoneration attestations were accepted only from those who had been through the denazification process in Germany and had had no affiliation with the NSDAP. Mentzel, as a science policy maker, had sided with the pragmatists in promoting scientific efficiency, rather than with the politically motivate party ideologues.

</doc>
<doc id="18313268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313268" title="Bo Farrington">
Bo Farrington

John R. "Bo" Farrington (January 18, 1936 - July 27, 1964) was an American football player for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League. He attended Prairie View A&M University. 
Farrington was killed in an automobile accident on July 27, 1964 in Rensselaer, Indiana at the age of 28 along with teammate Willie Galimore.

</doc>
<doc id="18313277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313277" title="Notts Gymnastics Club">
Notts Gymnastics Club

Notts Gymnastics Club is an artistic gymnastics club based at East Midlands Gymnastics Centre in Rushcliffe, Nottinghamshire. The club formed in 1997 when Bigwood and Rushcliffe Gymnastics Club combined to share the newly built East Midlands Gymnastics Centre.
Notable gymnasts.
The club has produced the following notable gymnasts, all having competed internationally

</doc>
<doc id="18313289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313289" title="Cummy Burton">
Cummy Burton

Cumming Scott Burton (born May 12, 1936 in Sudbury, Ontario) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played three seasons in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings.
Burton is the cousin of Larry Aurie and wore #6 in Aurie's honor, having received special permission to do so while with the Red Wings as the number had been retired by team owner James Norris. The status of Aurie's #6 has become controversial for the Wings as a banner for it does not hang in Joe Louis Arena unlike the other numbers that have been retired by the team. In regards to this Burton has been quoted as saying "Not hanging up Larry's number would be compared to the Yankees' not retiring Lou Gehrig's number, just because he was from the 1930s and now forgotten just because it's all old stuff now. It's like saying that war heroes don't mean anything, just because they're not around anymore."
Following his retirement from hockey, he worked as a sports broadcaster for CKSO-TV in his hometown of Sudbury.

</doc>
<doc id="18313300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313300" title="Furano Station">
Furano Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313304" title="Gakuden Station (Hokkaido)">
Gakuden Station (Hokkaido)


</doc>
<doc id="18313306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313306" title="Duane Wilson">
Duane Wilson

Duane Lewis Wilson (born June 29, 1934 in Wichita, Kansas) is a retired American professional baseball player. A pitcher, he appeared in two games in Major League Baseball for the Boston Red Sox during the 1958 season. Listed at , , he batted and threw left-handed. 
Wilson signed with the Red Sox in 1952 and was in his seventh season in the club's farm system when he was recalled in July 1958. In two games, both starts, Wilson posted a 5.68 ERA in 6⅓ innings pitched, giving up five runs (four earned) on 10 hits and seven walks while striking out three. He did not have a decision.
In his first start, on July 3 against the Baltimore Orioles, Wilson allowed only one unearned run in six full innings, although he surrendered eight hits and walked five. Baltimore won 7–5 in 15 innings. However, in his second appearance nine days later, Wilson was treated roughly by the Chicago White Sox, getting only one out in the first inning of a 13–5 loss (charged to his successor on the Boston mound, Mike Fornieles) and surrendering four earned runs on two hits and two bases on balls.
Wilson then returned to minor league baseball for the remainder of his career. He left baseball after the 1959 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18313308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313308" title="Grey-throated Sunbird">
Grey-throated Sunbird

The Grey-throated Sunbird ("Anthreptes griseigularis") is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family. It is found in a wide range of semi-open wooded habitats in the northern and eastern part of the Philippines. It is often considered a subspecies of the Brown-throated Sunbird, but the two differ consistently in measurements and plumage, and there is no evidence of intergradation between them. It has not been rated by BirdLife International (and consequently IUCN), but is generally common and therefore unlikely to be threatened.

</doc>
<doc id="18313309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313309" title="The 8th Plague (album)">
The 8th Plague (album)

The 8th Plague is the debut full-length album of the Spanish extreme metal act Hybrid (after the release of their previous EP "Beyond Undeniable Entropy") which features eight songs linked by an apocalyptic conceptual thread that represents human self-destruction told through the stages of an insect’s metamorphosis.
The album was recorded between June and July 2007 at Sadman Studio (One Last Word, Ictvs, Adrift) in Madrid by Carlos Santos and mastered by Alan Douches (Suffocation, Mastodon) at West West Side Music (New York). Artwork is courtesy of Seldon Hunt (Neurosis, Isis, Melvins).
The album was released on August 8, 2008 through London-based label Eyesofsound (Behold... The Arctopus, Dysrythmia, Yakuza).

</doc>
<doc id="18313312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313312" title="Roger Townshend (died 1590)">
Roger Townshend (died 1590)

Sir Roger Townshend, of Raynham (c.1544 – 30 June 1590) was the son of Richard Townshend and Katherine Browne. He spent much of his career in the service of Thomas Howard, 4th Duke of Norfolk, and Norfolk's son and heir, Philip Howard, 20th Earl of Arundel. He was knighted at sea on 26 July 1588 during the battle against the Spanish Armada.
Family.
Roger Townshend was the eldest son of Richard Townshend (d.1551), esquire, of Brampton, Norfolk, and Katherine Browne, the daughter and coheir of Sir Humphrey Browne of Ridley Hall in Terling, Essex, Justice of the Common Pleas. He was the grandson of John Townshend (d.1543/4) by his wife, Eleanor Heydon, daughter of the courtier Sir John Heydon of Baconsthorpe Castle, Norfolk. He was the great-grandson and heir of Sir Roger Townshend and his wife, Amy Brewse (d. 1553).
Townshend is said to have had two sisters, Alice Townshend (living 31 July 1551), and Elizabeth Townshend, who married Thomas Godsalve (d. 2 August 1588) of Buckenham Ferry, Norfolk.
After Richard Townshend's death in 1551, his widow, Katherine, married Peter Sainthill (d. 19 November 1571), whom she predeceased.
Career.
In 1551, when only six or seven years of age, Townshend was heir to his great-grandfather, Sir Roger Townshend. His inheritance comprised more than twenty manors near Raynham, Norfolk, and other property, 'making him one of the wealthiest gentlemen in East Anglia'. 
In 1553 Townshend entered Trinity College, Cambridge, but did not take a degree. In May 1565 he was granted livery of his lands, although still underage.
Townshend's grandfather had been in the service of Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk, and early in his career Townshend entered the service of the current head of the family, Thomas Howard, 4th Duke of Norfolk. His service as the Duke's 'man of business' kept him occupied in London, and as a result he took little part in local administration in Norfolk, although he was elected to Parliament in 1566 as Knight of the Shire, allegedly after the Duke had put pressure on the sheriff, William Paston.
After the 4th Duke's execution in 1572, Townshend continued to serve his son and heir, Philip Howard, 20th Earl of Arundel, who was still a minor at the time of his father's death. In 1583 Arundel made a deed of gift to Townshend and William Dix of all his movable goods to assist with the payment of Arundel's debts. Townshend's conduct sometimes displeased Arundel. In 1582 Arundel was affronted when Townshend 'hurried him off by boat to Arundel House, to avoid his becoming embroiled in the affray between the Earl of Oxford, and Thomas Knyvet'. On another occasion, in June 1589, Arundel complained to William Cecil, 1st Baron Burghley, that his uncle, Lord Henry Howard, and some of Arundel's tenants were suffering from Townshend's zealousness and rigidity: 'Sir Roger Townshend is so resolute to part with nothing more than he shall be by law enforced'. Years later, however, Arundel was more appreciative of Townshend's service, in his last will terming him ‘my loving friend’, and bequeathing him a ‘fair bowl with a cover of 30 ounces double gilt’.
Townshend and his second wife, Jane, held offices at court, and in the years between 1576 and 1584 exchanged New Year's gifts with the Queen. In 1585 Arundel was imprisoned, and little is known of Townshend's career after that time. He drew up his will in December 1587. In 1588 he served with the fleet against the Spanish Armada, and was knighted at sea on 26 July by the Lord Admiral, Charles, Lord Howard of Effingham. Townshend's portrait was among those on the margin of a tapestry commemorating the defeat of the Spanish Armada which hung in the House of Lords until the tapestry's destruction by fire in 1834.
Townshend added to his landed inheritance in Norfolk by purchasing other properties, including lands in Essex and an estate at Stoke Newington which he bought from Thomas Sutton (1532–1611). He died at Stoke Newington on 30 June 1590, and was buried at St Giles Cripplegate. He was succeeded by his elder son, Sir John Townshend.
Marriages and issue.
Townshend married firstly Ursula Heydon (d. before 1564), the daughter of Sir Christopher Heydon by Anne Drury, the daughter of Sir William Drury of Hawstead, Suffolk, by whom he had no issue.
Townshend married secondly, Jane Stanhope (c.1547–1618), the daughter of Sir Michael Stanhope (d.1552) of Shelford, Nottinghamshire, by his wife, Anne Rawson (c.1515 – 20 February 1588), the daughter of Nicholas Rawson, of Aveley, Essex, and Beatrix Cooke (d. 14 January 1554), daughter of Sir Philip Cooke (d. 7 December 1503) by Elizabeth Belknap (died c. 6 March 1504).
After Townshend's death, his widow, Jane, married, as his second wife, Henry Berkeley, 7th Baron Berkeley. She died at her house in the Barbican on 3 January 1618, leaving a will dated 20 July 1617 which was proved by her grandson, Sir Roger Townshend, 1st Baronet, on 10 March 1618.
By his second wife Townshend had two sons:

</doc>
<doc id="18313314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313314" title="Shikauchi Station">
Shikauchi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313315" title="Naka-Furano Station">
Naka-Furano Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313322" title="Nishinaka Station">
Nishinaka Station

Lines served.
Nishinaka Station is served by the Furano Line between Furano and Asahikawa, and the station number is F40. Only "Local" services stop at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18313324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313324" title="Kami-Furano Station">
Kami-Furano Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313325" title="Bibaushi Station">
Bibaushi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313326" title="Biei Station">
Biei Station

Lines.
Biei Station is served by the Furano Line.
History.
The station was opened by the Hokkaidō Kansetsu Railway on September 1, 1899. It was also used to transport farm products from the town until 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18313327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313327" title="Kita-Biei Station">
Kita-Biei Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313328" title="Chiyogaoka Station">
Chiyogaoka Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313329" title="Nishi-Seiwa Station">
Nishi-Seiwa Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313330" title="Nishi-Kagura Station">
Nishi-Kagura Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313332" title="Nishi-Mizuho Station">
Nishi-Mizuho Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313333" title="Nishi-Goryō Station">
Nishi-Goryō Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313334" title="Midorigaoka Station (Hokkaido)">
Midorigaoka Station (Hokkaido)


</doc>
<doc id="18313335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313335" title="Kaguraoka Station">
Kaguraoka Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313339" title="Lavender Farm Station">
Lavender Farm Station

The station opens only on selected dates in year and only selected trains stop at the station.

</doc>
<doc id="18313363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313363" title="Los Angeles Steamship Company">
Los Angeles Steamship Company

The Los Angeles Steamship Company or LASSCO was a passenger and freight shipping company based in Los Angeles, California. The company, formed in 1920, initially provided fast passenger service between Los Angeles and San Francisco. In 1921, LASSCO added service to Hawaii in competition with the San Francisco-based Matson Navigation Company using two former North German Lloyd ocean liners that had been in U.S. Navy service during World War I. Despite the sinking of one of the former German liners on her maiden voyage for the company, business in the booming 1920s thrived, and the company continued to add ships and services. The worsening economic conditions in the United States, and the burning of another ship in Hawaii, caused financial problems for the company. After beginning talks in 1930, the Los Angeles Steamship Company was taken over by Matson Navigation on January 1, 1931, but continued to operate as a subsidiary until it ceased operations in 1937.
Ships of the Los Angeles Steamship Company.
This is a list of passenger ships of the Los Angeles Steamship Company:

</doc>
<doc id="18313366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313366" title="Birth of a Cynic">
Birth of a Cynic

Birth of a Cynic is the first independent release of post-grunge rock band 8stops7. It was produced by Paul Lani & Paul Yered and released on Elephant Ear Records. The original release was black & white, while the reissue was in full color and had slightly different artwork. 
Four of its tracks were re-recorded for the band's major label release "In Moderation" on Warner Bros. Records/Reprise Records. In 2007, three songs were featured in the short film "He's Not My...", which was produced by Contempovision Films.

</doc>
<doc id="18313371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313371" title="Christmas in the Clouds">
Christmas in the Clouds

Christmas in the Clouds is a 2001 comedy film about a ski resort owned and operated by a Native American tribe. Featured at the 2001 Sundance Film Festival, the film went on to receive Best Competition Feature Film at the Austin Film Festival and Best Native American-Theme Film at the Santa Fe Film Festival. The film was released in theaters and on DVD in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18313376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313376" title="Blue Stars (Lebanon)">
Blue Stars (Lebanon)

Bluestars is a professional basketball team in the Lebanese Basketball League. They competed in the FIBA Asia Champions Cup 2007, finishing in 5th place.

</doc>
<doc id="18313380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313380" title="Nikon F70">
Nikon F70

The Nikon F70 (or N70 as it is known in the U.S.) was a SLR camera manufactured by the Japanese Company Nikon. Introduced in 1994, it is the predecessor to the Nikon F80. This camera is known for its unusual user interface which uses a combination of function and set buttons along with the thumb wheel to navigate the nestled settings. It is quite different compared to other Nikon SLR's of the same era.
Specification.
Key Features
3D Matrix with 8-segment Matrix sensor
Built-in retractable flash with 3D Multi-Sensor Balanced Fill-Flash
Vari-Program system
Large LCD information, coordinated in shape and color, with the control buttons
F70D has built-in panorama mode (13 x 36mm) and printing data
Two 3V CR123A (or DL123) lithium batteries
External links.
Nikon F70 Nikon corporate site. Article retrieved 2012-10-15

</doc>
<doc id="18313381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313381" title="Mahuru Dai">
Mahuru Dai

Mahuru Douglas Dai (born 30 May 1984) is a Papua New Guinean cricketer. A right-handed batsman and right-arm medium pace bowler, he has played for the Papua New Guinea national cricket team since 2005.
Biography.
Born in Port Moresby in 1984, Mahuru Dai first represented Papua New Guinea at Under-19 level, playing in the East Asia-Pacific Under-19 Championship in August 2001. Papua New Guinea won the tournament, beating Hong Kong in the final, which qualified them for the following years Under-19 World Cup, which Dai also played in.
In 2004, he played for a combined East Asia-Pacific team in Australia's National Country Cricket Championship prior to a second Under-19 World Cup. He made his debut for the Papua New Guinea senior team in the repêchage tournament of the 2005 ICC Trophy.
Later in the year, he made his List A debut when he represented Papua New Guinea in the 2005 ICC Trophy in Ireland. He again played for the combined East Asia-Pacific team in the Australian National Country Cricket Championship in 2006 and 2007 before returning to the Papua New Guinea team for Division Three of the World Cricket League in Darwin in 2007. Papua New Guinea finished third in that tournament and Dai was named man of the match in the third place play-off against the Cayman Islands after scoring 102 not out at a run a ball.
He most recently represented his country at the 2007 South Pacific Games where he won a gold medal in the cricket tournament. During the tournament he scored a century in Papua New Guinea's record breaking win over New Caledonia. He has since again represented the combined East Asia-Pacific team in the Australia National Country Cricket Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18313392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313392" title="QSW-06">
QSW-06

The QSW-06 () (officially translated in pinyin as "Qiāng Shǒu Wēishēng", literally 'Gun, Hand, Suppressed') (also sometimes referred to as the Type 06) is a suppressed semi-automatic pistol in limited use with the People's Liberation Army (PLA) and various Chinese police departments. The QSW-06 is based on the QSZ-92 semi-automatic service pistol and is designed to replace the aging QSW-67 silent pistol.
Development.
After nearly four decades of successful service, the Type 67 suppressed pistol was beginning to show its age. Issues surrounding the life of its integral suppressor, its low magazine capacity and overall performance had started becoming an issue. Soon trials for a replacement had begun starting in January 2002 after it was found that the QSZ-92s rotating barrel system was not suitable for a suppressor. Reviewing two different pistol designs and fifteen different suppressor designs, eventually one suppressor and one pistol were selected for further testing after a thorough review by firearms experts and the PLA. Eight months later a design was agreed on which would then go on to production and by December 2005 the design had been finalised and production began in early 2006 after going under a series of trials including ones performed in arctic, arid and normal weather conditions.
Design details.
The QSW-06 is a polymer framed, short recoil operated, semi-automatic pistol that shares its development history with the QSZ-92 pistol and externally the two pistols are similar in appearance and share 60% of the same components but internally there are many differences between the two pistols. The most notable of these differences is, that while both pistols use a short recoil operation, the QSW-06 uses a non-rotating barrel lock as opposed to the QSZ-92 and its rotating barrel. The QSW-06 is chambered for DCV05 5.8 X 21mm subsonic round which creates less noise compared to standard pistol rounds. The QSW-06 is also capable of firing the standard PLA pistol round, the DAP92 5.8 x 21mm as well. The QSW-06 uses a double column, double feed, twenty round magazine as opposed to the QSZ-92's fifteen round magazine. A rail has beem placed under the barrel and various sights, flashlights and other accessories may be attached. Most importantly, the QSW-06 comes with a detachable suppressor than may be screwed onto the barrel.

</doc>
<doc id="18313395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313395" title="Blue Stars">
Blue Stars

Blue Stars or Bluestars may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18313399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313399" title="Ashina Morikiyo">
Ashina Morikiyo


</doc>
<doc id="18313409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313409" title="Neil Diamond's Greatest Hits">
Neil Diamond's Greatest Hits

Neil Diamond's Greatest Hits was the first compilation album of songs recorded by Neil Diamond. It was released in 1968 by Bang Records after Diamond left Bang for Uni Records. Bang would eventually release four Neil Diamond compilation albums on top of the two original Diamond albums which Bang issued in 1966 and '67.[http://www.bsnpubs.com/nyc/bang.html] Ten of the twelve songs on this album are original Diamond compositions with the remaining two cover versions of oldies. After Columbia Records absorbed Bang Records, this album was replaced by a new compilation titled "" which replaced the cover songs with additional Diamond originals: "I'm A Believer" (which became a hit for The Monkees) and "Shilo" which Bang initially rejected as a single but was later released as a single and became a hit in 1970 after this album was released.
Track listing.
All songs composed by Neil Diamond unless otherwise indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="18313423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313423" title="BAKA">
BAKA

The Bahagian Agama dan Kaunseling "(Religious And Counselling Division)" or BAKA is the Muslim chaplain service of the Royal Malaysian Police.

</doc>
<doc id="18313431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313431" title="Guildford Synagogue">
Guildford Synagogue

Guildford Synagogue refers both to a probably medieval synagogue and to a modern congregation in Guildford, England.
Medieval synagogue.
The Jews probably arrived in Guildford during the 12th century. It is widely believed that they built a synagogue (circa 1180) in the High Street, on a site that is now owned by the retail outlet "Accessorize". There is a small plaque to mark the spot.
The chamber was discovered in 1995 when excavations were taking place on the site. Archaeologists led by Mary Alexander of the Guildford Museum found a chamber with steps down from street level. It was ornately decorated with pattern designs. In the East of the room is an alcove and a pillar where scorch marks demonstrate that a light was often burning in this place. The assumption is that the alcove is the Aron Kodesh (Holy Ark) and the mark is left from a Ner Tamid (Everlasting Light).
Being the only chamber of its kind in England, there has been much dispute over its use, but the most popular theory and all the evidence points towards the probability that Guildford has the oldest synagogue remains in the British Isles and one of the oldest in Western Europe.
Today, the modern synagogue contains a stone presented by Guildford Museum of the original Jewish museum. The actual chamber is under concrete although both the owners of the site and local historians have expressed their regret at not having a glass floor.
Modern synagogue.
In 1979, having borrowed halls for years, land was bought and the community modified the building on the site to build its own synagogue. Chief Rabbi Immanuel Jakobovits opened and consecrated the synagogue. A plaque at the synagogue marks the occasion that the Chief Rabbi inaugurated the synagogue laid by Theo Rubin who was the President of the community for many years. Chief Rabbi Sir Jonathan Sacks visited the synagogue in 2006.
Surrey Multifaith Centre.
The University of Surrey announced plans in 2007 to build a multifaith centre on their Stag Hill Campus. The plans include a Jewish Common Room – Synagogue with a Sukkah and mikvah within the centre. The chaplaincy team at the University of Surrey are advocates of the centre which has won the backing of leading religious figures in the UK. The Jewish chaplain Alexander Goldberg has been an advocate for the centre within the Jewish community and beyond.

</doc>
<doc id="18313435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313435" title="Thomas Brasch">
Thomas Brasch

Thomas Brasch (19 February 1945 in Westow, Yorkshire - 3 November 2001 in Berlin) was a German author, poet and film director.
Life.
Thomas was the son of German Jewish communist emigre parents.
UK Productions.
In May 2012, Brasch's play "Lovely Rita" was performed in English for the first time in the Warwick Arts Centre.
Awards.
1981 Bavarian Film Awards, Best Director [http://www.bayern.de/Anlage19170/PreistraegerdesBayerischenFilmpreises-Pierrot.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="18313446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313446" title="USS Felicia">
USS Felicia

USS "Felicia" ia a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="18313449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313449" title="Liverpool West Derby by-election, 1919">
Liverpool West Derby by-election, 1919

The Liverpool West Derby by-election, 1919 was a parliamentary by-election held on 26 February 1919 for the British House of Commons constituency of Liverpool West Derby, in the County Palatine of Lancashire.
The seat had become vacant on the elevation to the peerage of the constituency's Coalition Conservative Member of Parliament (MP), Frederick Edwin Smith, as the Earl of Birkenhead.
Smith had held the seat since the 1918 general election, and before that its predecessor seat, Liverpool Walton since the 1906 general election. He had been raised to the peerage to take up the post of Lord Chancellor, an action described by the Morning Post as "carrying a joke too far".
Results.
Turnout was unsurprisingly low so soon after a General Election. Hall won the seat by a much reduced margin.

</doc>
<doc id="18313467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313467" title="Hold On Abraham!">
Hold On Abraham!

"Hold on Abraham!" is a popular song dating from 1862, during the time of the American Civil War. The song is fast paced and repetitive, and, at the time of its popularity, was often performed by minstrels. The words and lyrics were composed by William Batchelder Bradbury.
The song was supposedly written as a response to president Abraham Lincoln's request of three hundred thousand more Union soldiers. The lyrics of the song contain references to such Civil War Generals as Henry Wager Halleck, George B. McClellan, Michael Corcoran, and others. The first verse and chorus are:

</doc>
<doc id="18313477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313477" title="Russia national beach soccer team">
Russia national beach soccer team

The Russia national beach soccer team represents Russia in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the Russian Football Union, the governing body for football in Russia.
Current squad.
"Current as of September 2013" 
Coach: Mikhail Likhachev

</doc>
<doc id="18313483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313483" title="St Matthias Church, Richmond">
St Matthias Church, Richmond

St Matthias Church is an Anglican church in Richmond, London. Built in the Victorian Gothic style in 1857, and described as "the grandest church in Richmond", it has been designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage. The architect was George Gilbert Scott. 
St Matthias, whose tall (195ft) spire is a familiar landmark for miles around, is on the top of Richmond Hill at the corner of Friars Stile Road and Mount Ararat Road.
The west end of the church was divided off in the 1970s in what has been called "an especially sympathetic conversion". The architects were Hutchison, Locke & Monk.

</doc>
<doc id="18313492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313492" title="Amy Yoder Begley">
Amy Yoder Begley

Amy Yoder Begley (née "Yoder;" born 11 January 1978 in Topeka, Indiana) is an American middle and long distance runner and a US Olympian in the 10,000 meter event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Yoder Begley currently lives in Beaverton, Oregon with her husband Andrew Begley (a teacher at Beaverton's School of Science and Technology).
High school career.
Yoder Begley attended East Noble High School in Kendallville, Indiana. She was a four-time state champion (one cross country and three 3200 meter titles) and held the 3200 meter state record until 2011 when it was broken by Culver Academy's Waverly Neer.
Collegiate career.
Yoder Begley graduated from the University of Arkansas and was a two-time NCAA champion and a 15-time All-American.
Professional career.
Yoder Begley is a Nike Oregon Project athlete. The Nike Oregon Project is a designed to improve performance standards in American distance running. She trains with fellow athletes Galen Rupp, Kara Goucher, Adam Goucher, and Josh Rohatinsky under the training of coach Alberto Salazar.
Yoder Begley placed 3rd in the 2008 USA Track and Field Olympic Trials in Eugene, Oregon setting a new personal record of 31:43.60 and qualifying for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She placed 26th in the finals of the 10,000 meters at the Olympics. 
Yoder Begley finished first in the 10,000 meter event at the 2009 USA Track & Field Championship on June 25, 2009 in Eugene, Oregon. This qualified Yoder Begley to compete in the 12th IAAF World Championships in Athletics held in Berlin. She set a new personal record and finished in sixth place with a time of 31:13.78.
In 2006, she was diagnosed with Celiac Disease.

</doc>
<doc id="18313500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313500" title="Badu Station">
Badu Station

Badu Station () is a railway station at the junction of the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Western Line and the Yilan Line. It is the western terminus of the Yilan Line and is located in Keelung City, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313502" title="Nuannuan Station">
Nuannuan Station

Nuannuan Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Yilan Line located in Nuannuan District, Keelung City, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313503" title="Higashi-Takikawa Station">
Higashi-Takikawa Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313509" title="George Nooks">
George Nooks

George Nooks, aka Prince Mohamed, Prince Mohammed, or George Knooks (born c.1958, Kingston, Jamaica) is a reggae singer who initially found fame as a deejay.
Biography.
Nooks started his musical career in the youth choir at his church, and moved on to perform at school concerts and talent shows. After first recording professionally in 1974, Nooks first found success performing under the name Prince Mohamed, as a deejay on discomix tracks for producer Joe Gibbs, notably on Dennis Brown's 1978 hit "Money in my Pocket", and "How Could I Leave", as well as "Light Up Your Spliff" for producer Prince Tony Robinson. He moved on to work with other producers such as Alvin Ranglin and Bunny Riley. His first album, a joint effort with General Echo, "People Are You Ready", was released on the United Artists subsidiary Ballistic in 1978. This was followed by "African Roots", recorded the following year for producer Linval Thompson. He had a hit in Jamaica with "Forty Legs Dread", and the increasing violence in Kingston prompted Nooks to record a version of Little Roy's "Tribal War", now singing rather than deejaying, and released under his real name, which he followed with a cover version of Errol Dunkley's "Darling Ooh". Nooks would subsequently concentrate on his singing, releasing the "Today" album in 1981, although he reverted to Prince Mohamed in 1982 for an album with June Lodge. His singing gained comparisons with Dennis Brown, who he would later pay tribute to with a double album of Brown covers.
It would be 1997 before Nooks released another album, his self-titled collection resulting in three Tamika Reggae Music awards, but since 1997 he has been quite prolific, releasing a string of solo albums, as well as albums shared with Glen Washington, Roland Burrell, Singing Melody and Lukie D. He continues to perform and record, mixing reggae and Gospel.
Nooks also works as a producer, and has run his own Total Records label since the early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18313513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313513" title="Sijiaoting Station">
Sijiaoting Station

Sijiaoting Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line. It is located in Ruifang District, New Taipei, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313516" title="Ruifang Station">
Ruifang Station

Ruifang Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line and the Shen-ao Line. It is located in Ruifang District, New Taipei, Taiwan.
History.
The station was opened on 5 May 1919.
Structure.
There are two island platforms and one side platform.

</doc>
<doc id="18313522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313522" title="Worship with Natalie Grant and Friends">
Worship with Natalie Grant and Friends

Worship with Natalie Grant is an album released by contemporary Christian artist, Natalie Grant in 2004. The album features recordings by various artists, including Natalie herself.

</doc>
<doc id="18313524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313524" title="Houtong Station">
Houtong Station

Houtong Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line located in Ruifang District, New Taipei, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313526" title="Sandiaoling Station">
Sandiaoling Station

The Sandiaoling Station () is a railway station of Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA)'s Yilan Line and Pingxi Line, located at Ruifang District, New Taipei, Taiwan.
Service.
Branch Point Of Pingxi Line

</doc>
<doc id="18313528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313528" title="Mudan Station">
Mudan Station

Mudan Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line located in Shuangxi District, New Taipei, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313530" title="Shuangxi Station">
Shuangxi Station

Shuangxi Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line. It is located in Shuangxi District, New Taipei, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313532" title="Gongliao Station">
Gongliao Station

Gongliao Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line. It is located in Gongliao District, New Taipei, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313547" title="Akabira Station">
Akabira Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313548" title="Moshiri Station">
Moshiri Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313549" title="Hiragishi Station (Akabira)">
Hiragishi Station (Akabira)


</doc>
<doc id="18313550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313550" title="Sukie">
Sukie

Sukie were an English four piece indie band from Kettering, Northamptonshire, who formed in March 2006. They had a number one on the UK Indie Chart in 2008 with the double a-side Pink-A-Pade / Fairies. Following the split of the band, singer-guitarist James Bagshaw joined The Moons before forming Temples in 2012.
Band members.
Adam Branaghan - Lead Vocals, Guitar<br>
James Bagshaw - Lead Vocals, Guitar<br>
Andrew Barr - Bass, Harmonies<br>
Josh Ambler - Drums, Harmonies
History.
Sukie formed in March 2006 with their first gig supporting Shitdisco. Sukie have supported The Cribs, Captain, Sam Sparro, One Night Only and Look See Proof 
With song writing partnership of Branaghan / Bagshaw, their debut single "Pink-A-pade" and live set that has seen them win rave reviews in publications such as The Fly (magazine), This is fake DIY, ArtRocker and Time Out.
Sukie are firm favourites of the local BBC Introducing show in Northamptonshire 'The Weekender' with a 5 out of 5 review for their first EP. The band have had a session recorded and many interviews about their progress
Sukie have been announced as a BBC Introducing band for 2008. They have recorded a session for BBC Radio 1 at Maida Vale Studios and have had airplay by Huw Stephens on BBC Radio 1 and John Kennedy on XFM
Their debut single "Pink-A-Pade" was released by New Slang Records on 23 June 2008. It went straight into number 1 in the UK Indie Chart w/e 29 June 2008.
Reviews.
'Sukie make jangly retro-pop which sounds like The Cribs without the bloodshed - hook laden debut single 'Pink-A-Pade' is a larynx shredding hip-swiveling indie stomp-a-thon.' The Fly (magazine)
'These guys remind me of The Strokes, but with better tunes and songs which make you want to get up off your chair and dance.' Street Voice
'Artfully done indie that moves along with some crunchy licks and vocal blurts. Lyrically they're a great and jaunty affair.' Jumbo Records
'Another indie-pop band' BBC Weekender Site

</doc>
<doc id="18313555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313555" title="Ashibetsu Station">
Ashibetsu Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313556" title="Kami-Ashibetsu Station">
Kami-Ashibetsu Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313557" title="Nokanan Station">
Nokanan Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313558" title="Shimanoshita Station">
Shimanoshita Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313559" title="Nunobe Station">
Nunobe Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313560" title="Yamabe Station">
Yamabe Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313561" title="Shimo-Kanayama Station">
Shimo-Kanayama Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313562" title="Kanayama Station (Hokkaido)">
Kanayama Station (Hokkaido)


</doc>
<doc id="18313564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313564" title="Higashi-Shikagoe Station">
Higashi-Shikagoe Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313565" title="Ikutora Station">
Ikutora Station

The station was used as fictional Horomai Station (幌舞駅) in Yasuo Furuhata's 1999 film "Poppoya". The station building still hangs out a signboard of Horomai, not Ikutora, over the front entrance.

</doc>
<doc id="18313576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313576" title="CiteProc">
CiteProc

CiteProc is the generic name for programs that produce formatted bibliographies and citations based on the metadata of the cited objects and the formatting instructions provided by Citation Style Language (CSL) styles. The first CiteProc implementation used XSLT 2.0, but implementations have been written for other programming languages, including JavaScript, Java, Haskell, PHP, Python, and Ruby.
CiteProc, CSL, and Cite Schema make up the Citation Style Language project, a Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike licensed effort "to provide a common framework for formatting bibliographies and citations across markup languages and document standards. In an ideal world, one could use the same CSL files to format DocBook, TEI, OpenOffice, WordML ... or even LaTeX documents."
Different implementations of CiteProc are able to use different bibliographic databases; many can use MODS XML.

</doc>
<doc id="18313579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313579" title="Shihcheng Station">
Shihcheng Station

The Shihcheng Station () is a railway station of Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line located at Toucheng Township, Yilan County, Taiwan. It is the eastern most train station in Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313581" title="Dali Station">
Dali Station

Dali Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line located in Toucheng Township, Yilan County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313582" title="Sohrab Entezari">
Sohrab Entezari

Sohrab Entezari () born April 21, 1977 in Babol, Mazandaran, Iran is a retired Iranian footballer.
Club career statistics.
Last Update: May 21, 2011

</doc>
<doc id="18313583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313583" title="Guishan Station">
Guishan Station

Guishan Station () is a railway station of the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Yilan Line located in Toucheng Township, Yilan County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313585" title="Wai-ao Station">
Wai-ao Station

Wai-ao Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line located in Toucheng Township, Yilan County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313586" title="Toucheng Station">
Toucheng Station

Toucheng Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Yilan Line located in Toucheng Township, Yilan County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313587" title="Prince Miguel, Duke of Viseu">
Prince Miguel, Duke of Viseu

Prince Miguel of Braganza, Duke of Viseu (; 22 September 1878 – 21 February 1923) was a member of the exiled branch of the House of Braganza. The eldest son of the Miguelist pretender to the throne of Portugal he married an American heiress in 1909 and in 1920 renounced his rights to the throne. His full given names were "Miguel Maria Sebastiao Maximiliano Rafael Gabriel Gonzaga Francisco D'Assis e de Paula Eustachio Carlos Afonso José Henrique Alberto Clemente lgnacio Martinho Antonio Gerardo Jorge Emmeric Mauricio".
Early life.
Miguel was born in Reichenau an der Rax, Austria-Hungary the eldest son and heir of the Miguelist pretender to the Portuguese throne Miguel, Duke of Braganza and his first wife Princess Elisabeth of Thurn and Taxis. Prince Miguel's father was the head of the non reigning branch of the Portuguese Royal House that had been exiled from Portugal. The exile was the result of the Portuguese law of banishment of 1834 and the constitution of 1838 which was brought about because in 1828 his grandfather Miguel usurped the throne of Portugal from his niece Queen Maria II. His grandfather reigned as king until 1834 when Maria II was restored.
Like his father Miguel pursued a career in the Army and served in a Saxon cavalry regiment. On 16 September 1900 Miguel was riding back into town in a Phaeton after having attended a dinner at a country house, when he caught his wheels in the carriage of Prince Albert of Saxony the son of Prince George, and nephew of the reigning king Albert. The collision was so great the Prince Albert's carriage overturned into a ditch, with Prince Albert dying a few hours after. Because it could not be determined whether it was an accident or intentional Miguel escaped a court martial but he was forced to give up his commission in the Army and leave the country.
A year later he caused more controversy when it was discovered that while King Carlos I of Portugal was visiting the United Kingdom Miguel had entered Portugal with the aim of assisting an uprising against the king. After this was discovered he effectively became a social outcast.
Marriage.
On 9 July 1909 Miguel's engagement to the American heiress, Anita Stewart was announced in London. Stewart was the daughter of William Rhinelander Stewart and Annie Armstrong. After her parents divorced in August 1906, her mother married the millionaire James Henry Smith.
Miguel and Anita Stewart were married at Tulloch Castle near Dingwall in Scotland on 15 September 1909. This was the first royal wedding in Scotland since the days of the Stuarts. Shortly before the wedding Stewart was created "Princess of Braganza" by the Austrian Emperor Francis Joseph. Upon his marriage Miguel was able to keep his place in the line of succession as morganatic marriages did not exist in Portuguese law.
From their marriage Miguel and his wife had three children; Nadejda, John and Miguel. The children were styled Prince and Princess until 1920 when Prince Miguel's marriage was declared non dynastic.
Later life.
After his marriage Miguel was granted the title Duke of Viseu by his father, though the reigning Portuguese King Manuel II did not recognise this and claimed the title for himself. Shortly after his marriage, Miguel faced legal action from a syndicate who had lent him money a few years before his marriage when he was in financial difficulties. After promising to pay the syndicate one-fifth of any dowry he received as a result of contracting a marriage he later tried to pay back only what he had originally borrowed. Although he paid off the majority of his creditors after his wedding some were unhappy and seized his furniture and other items and took them to an Auction house.
In 1911-1912 Miguel took part in the monarchist uprisings in Portugal led by Henrique Mitchell de Paiva Couceiro, in an unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the First Portuguese Republic. He was also active in raising money to fund the uprisings.
Miguel later found work in London where he was employed as a Broker's clerk for the city firm Basil Montgomery, Fitzgerald and co. After originally being forced to resign from the Army, he returned to serve in the German automobile corps during the First World War reaching the rank of Captain.
After the war on 21 July 1920 Miguel renounced for himself and his descendants, his rights of succession to the Portuguese throne. His father also renounced his rights ten days later which resulted in the Miguelist claim passing to his younger half brother Duarte Nuno.
Prince Miguel later moved to New York where he sold life insurance before dying of pneumonia following an influenza attack.

</doc>
<doc id="18313589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313589" title="Dingpu Station (Yilan)">
Dingpu Station (Yilan)

Dingpu Station () is a railway station of Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line located at Toucheng, Yilan County, Taiwan. Dingpu Station began operations in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="18313591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313591" title="Jiaoxi Station">
Jiaoxi Station

Jiaoxi Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Yilan Line. It is located in Jiaoxi Township, Yilan County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313592" title="Five-star (album)">
Five-star (album)

"Five-star" is the first greatest hits album by J-pop singer Yuki, released on October 3, 2007 in Japan. This album commemorates the fifth anniversary of her solo debut. The album was released in two formats, a CD only version and a CD+DVD version, which is in a black-and-silver or white-and-gold leather slipcase.

</doc>
<doc id="18313593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313593" title="Sicheng Station">
Sicheng Station

Sicheng Station () is a railway station of Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line located in Toucheng Township, Yilan County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313594" title="Yilan Station">
Yilan Station

Yilan Station () is a railway station of Yilan Line of the Taiwan Railway Administration located at Yilan City, Yilan County, Taiwan.
History.
The station was opened on 24 March 1919.
Structure.
There are one island platform and one side platform.

</doc>
<doc id="18313596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313596" title="Erjie Station">
Erjie Station

Erjie Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line located in Wujie Township, Yilan County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313597" title="Zhongli Station (Yilan County)">
Zhongli Station (Yilan County)

Zhongli Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line. It is located in Yilan County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313598" title="Luodong Station">
Luodong Station

Luodong Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line located in Luodong Township, Yilan County, Taiwan.
Overview.
The station has one island platform and one side platform. The station building is located above the platforms and is accessible from both the station front and rear. It is a major station on the Yilan Line and is a second-tier station. Many express trains, including the "Taroko Express", stop at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18313600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313600" title="Dongshan Station">
Dongshan Station

Dongshan Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line located in Dongshan Township, Yilan County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313601" title="Xinma Station">
Xinma Station

Xinma Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line. It is located in Su'ao Township, Yilan County, Taiwan.
Structure.
Sinma Station has a simple reinforced concrete structure building. The station is staffless and managed by nearby Su-aoxin Station.

</doc>
<doc id="18313602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313602" title="Su'aoxin Station">
Su'aoxin Station

Su-aoxin Station or Su-ao New Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line located in Su'ao Township, Yilan County, Taiwan. It is an intersegmental station of Yilan Line continued to Su'ao and the northern terminus of North-Link Line.
Structure.
There are two island platforms and multiple tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18313603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313603" title="Su'ao Station">
Su'ao Station

Su'ao Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line. It is located in Su'ao Township, Yilan County, Taiwan and is the southern terminus of the Yilan Line. The station stands approximately 300 m from Su-ao Cold Spring.
Structure.
There is one side platform.

</doc>
<doc id="18313605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313605" title="Six Silver Strings">
Six Silver Strings

Six Silver Strings is the thirtieth studio blues album by B.B. King released in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18313606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313606" title="Waterford senior hurling team records and statistics">
Waterford senior hurling team records and statistics

The following is a list of All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship matches in which Waterford have competed from the 1989 Championship to present.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18313610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313610" title="Waitin' on a Woman">
Waitin' on a Woman

"Waitin' on a Woman" is the title of a song written by Don Sampson and Wynn Varble, and performed three times by American country music artist Brad Paisley. His first recording of the song was included on his 2005 album "Time Well Wasted". Three years later, Paisley re-recorded the song for inclusion on a re-issue of his 2007 album "5th Gear". This re-recorded version was issued on June 9, 2008 and became the twenty-first chart single of Paisley's career and became the twelfth number 1 single of his career and his eighth consecutive number 1 single. The song also appeared on " Play" with a guest vocal from the late Andy Griffith.
Content.
The song is a mid-tempo composed of three verses. Its central character is a recently married male sitting on a bench at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping. He meets an older man (Andy Griffith) who, like him, is "waitin' on a woman". The older man explains over the next two verses that, although he has often had to wait for his wife, he does not mind doing so ("I don't guess we've been anywhere / She hasn't made us late, I swear / Sometimes she does it just 'cause she can do it"). He tells the younger man that he will often find himself "waitin' on a woman" as well. In the third verse, the older male observes that he will most likely die before his wife does ("I've read somewhere statistics show / The man's always the first to go"). After making this realization, he finally states that he will wait for his wife in Heaven (should he die first), because he, too, "[doesn't] mind waitin' on a woman". In the end, the old man is seen sitting on a white bench, wearing a white suit, on a lone beach, waiting for his wife to join him.
History.
According to "Country Weekly" magazine, songwriter Wynn Varble received a call from his friend telling him that their former co-worker was in the hospital. Varble wrote the song after calling his co-worker at the hospital, wondering where his wife was. He told "the story and the idea had for [the song" to co-writer Don Sampson. After a few days, Varble and Sampson played "Waitin' on a Woman" for Paisley, and he decided to record it.
Reception.
The song received a "thumbs up" review from the country music review site The 9513. Reviewer Matt C. stated that the central character (i.e., Paisley's character in the song) "offerabundant examples of a woman's imperfections while portraying himself as the guy who tolerates it all out of the goodness of his heart…look[ing like a good guy without degrading his female companion". He considered it a superior counterpart to Paisley's late 2003-early 2004 single "Little Moments" (in which the lead character lists off various mistakes his wife has made before admitting that he "live for little moments like that"), but, unlike with "Little Moments", the reviewer thought that the gender observations in "Waitin' on a Woman" were "delicately appropriate rather than insensitively obtuse". Leeann Ward, reviewing the song for Country Universe, gave it a B rating. Ward said that while the song with its "sluggish melody, is built on the stereotype that a woman is always late, there is a sweetness about the sentiment’s presentation that rescues it." 
Music video.
Paisley has referred to "Waitin' on a Woman" as "one of the most important songs" that he's ever recorded. Because of the importance that he places on the song, Paisley asked Andy Griffith to star in the music video, as he felt that Griffith's personality matched the personality of the older man in the song. Griffith speaks the old man's lines in the video as well. Jim Shea and Peter Tilden directed the video.
In August 2008, the song's video mix, complete with Griffith's vocals, was sent to radio as well. This mix is also included on Paisley's 2008 album "Play".
The video was shot in Nags Head, North Carolina at milepost 16's Tanger Outlets.
Parody.
In January 2009, parodist Cledus T. Judd released a parody entitled "Waitin' on Obama", referencing Barack Obama's election as President of the United States.
Chart performance.
"Waitin' on a Woman" debuted at number 51 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart dated for the week of June 28, 2008. For the chart week of September 20, 2008, it has become Paisley's twelfth Number One single overall. It is also his eighth Number One hit in a row, making him the artist with the most consecutive country Number One hits since the inception of Nielsen SoundScan in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18313625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313625" title="Glossary of gymnastics terms">
Glossary of gymnastics terms

This is a general glossary of the terms used in the sport of gymnastics.
A.
Aerial- A skill performed with no hands
Aerial
B.
Backhandspring- a backwards skill performed on the floor exercise
Biles- a skill where the gymnast performs two backward flips in layout position with a half twist on the second layout flip
C.
Cast- Uneven Bar skill
D.
Double back- A skill performed where the gymnast does two backwards flips
F.
Front Full- A skill performed with one forwards flip and a twist
G.
Geinger- A release move performed on the uneven bars
I.
Indian clubs; Iliusion
J.
Jump
M.
Mustafina
Q.
Quick
S.
shaposh - uneven bar release move
T.
thavktev- uneven bar skill
W.
weiler kip- a skill on uneven bars
X.
X-jump

</doc>
<doc id="18313628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313628" title="English Riviera Geopark">
English Riviera Geopark

The English Riviera Geopark (ERG) in Torbay is one of eight Geoparks in the United Kingdom, and one of over eighty worldwide. It is the only urban Geopark, and was declared a Geopark on 16 September 2007. The Geopark covers 6,200 hectares of land and 4,100 hectares of sea bed.
Geopark status was granted to Torbay on the grounds that the area has a varied geology covering several geological periods, which are exposed to the surface in many areas, and also that Torbay Council and other bodies have worked to promote the area's distinctive geology to the community via education.
Selected sites.
Many places in Torbay are Geopark attractions. Babbacombe Cliffs have upside down layering of slates and limestone formed during the Variscan Orogeny. Permian red breccia is also visible there. There are exposed marine cave systems between Berry Head and Sharkham Point. Between Black Head and Anstey's Cove is Torbay's largest outcrop of igneous rock. Crystal Cove has a 25 metre wide zone of calcite. Kents Cavern and Brixham Cavern contained fossils of the now extinct woolly rhinoceros and cave lion. Dyers Quarry is rich in coral fossilised in its growing position, as well as Late Eifelian limestone. Hollicombe Head to Corbyn Head have features of alluvial fan conglomerate deposits and seasonal river sandstones, both Permian in origin. Hopes Nose features gold and palladium mineral deposits left by hydrothermal fluids, and the area is also important for the study of Quaternary stratigraphy and sea level change. Long Quarry features evidence of the development, formation and growth of a stromatoporoid reef. Lummaton Quarry's shell deposits led to the naming of the Devonian period. Saltern Cove is a regionally important unconformity and Site of Special Scientific Interest.
Geology of the Geopark.
Devonian.
The earliest rocks within the Geopark were deposited in environments not unlike the Caribbean today; warm, life-rich shallow seas provided the geopark with the Torbay Limestones and sandstones. At the same time volcanic eruptions blanketed these sediments with volcanic ash. 

</doc>
<doc id="18313647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313647" title="Nigel Burgess">
Nigel Burgess

Nigel Allan Burgess (1942 - 1992) was a British single-handed yachtsman, Master Mariner and businessman. He took part in the OSTAR and the Vendée Globe. He founded Nigel Burgess Yacht Brokers, a company which has remained one of the leading yachtbrokers in the world, and was responsible for the sale of Saddam Hussein's yacht in 2008.
Born in 1942 in Cheam, Surrey he was educated at Homefield Preparatory School and Thames Nautical Training College. He served with the Royal Fleet Auxiliary (RFA) gaining his master's ticket. His first major single handed yacht race was the Observer Single-Handed Trans-Atlantic Race in 1968 in which he sailed his yacht "Dogwatch".
On leaving the RFA he established Nigel Burgess Yacht Brokers and moved his home to Monaco.
He subsequently entered the 1988 Carlsberg Single-Handed Trans-Atlantic Race in "Dogwatch A" coming first in his class. 
In 1992 he entered that year's Vendée Globe and was lost at sea three days into the race.

</doc>
<doc id="18313661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313661" title="Knowledge compilation">
Knowledge compilation

Knowledge compilation is a family of approaches for addressing the intractability of
a number of artificial intelligence problems.
A propositional model is compiled in an off-line phase in order to support some queries in polytime. Many ways of compiling a propositional models exist.
Among others: NNF, DNNF, d-DNNF, BDD, MDD, DNF and CNF.
Different compiled representations have different properties.
The three main properties are:

</doc>
<doc id="18313681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313681" title="Herman Melville House">
Herman Melville House

Herman Melville House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18313687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313687" title="Talvivaara Mining Company">
Talvivaara Mining Company

Talvivaara Mining Company plc () is a Finnish-based nickel mining business operating in Finland. Listed on the London and Helsinki Stock Exchanges, the company is a constituent of the OMXH25 index.
History.
The deposits, Kuusilampi and Kolmisoppi, were originally discovered in 1977, by the Geological Survey of Finland (GTK). Although the deposit was large, it was considered too poor for existing technology. Only bioheap leaching could concentrate the nickel enough, but the technology was still untested. The mining rights were eventually obtained by Outokumpu Corporation, which sold them at a nominal price of two euros to a former employee, Pekka Perä. The Talvivaara Mining Company was established in 2004 when it acquired the rights to mine sites at Sotkamo in Eastern Finland from Outokumpu. In 2006 a metals recovery trial was completed and the necessary financing was secured. Perä proceeded to list the company on the London Stock Exchange in 2007 and later on the Helsinki Stock Exchange in 2009.
The appropriate permits to commence mining were obtained in 2007 and metals production started late in 2008. The construction of the mine cost 560 million euros in 2007–2008, and an additional 22 million from HEX in 2009 enabled investments that increased production by 45%.
In 2010 the company announced the commencement of uranium production as a by-product from its normal mining operations in Sotkamo. The uranium produced will be in the form of yellowcake with an estimated annual production of approximately 350 tons. At a yellowcake price of $40/lb the uranium production could result in an additional €20m annual revenue. The capital investment costs were €30m and estimated annual production costs are €2m. The resulting uranium production is estimated to meet 80% of Finland's annual uranium demand, although reprocessing and enrichment would be required to be conducted abroad, and would effectively double the production of uranium in the EU. Currently, the uranium is deposited into the gypsum pond.
Government involvement.
The Government of Finland owns 8.89% of Talvivaara, and additionally, the pension funds Ilmarinen, Varma and Keva (the public sector pension fund) own stock. The Minister of Economic Affairs is responsible for management of the stock. The previous minister, Jyri Häkämies (NCP), resigned in 2012 and was appointed as the new CEO of Confederation of Finnish Industries. The government supported the mine project by building 60 million euros worth of infrastructure.
In the Talvivaara startup were present three ministers of Centre Party of Finland Minister of Environment Paula Lehtomäki 2007-2011, Minister of Trade and Industry Mauri Pekkarinen and Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen. The family of Paula Lehtomäki (mother, husband and two underaged children) acquired Talvivaara stock a few weeks before the announcement of uranium production plans. Minister Lehtomäki's husband owned €270,000 worth of Talvivaara stock. The director of the Kainuu environmental office was appointed by Minister Lehtomäki in 2007.
Finnish state ownership.
Solidium is 100 % Finnish state owned unit that controls 11 state owned stock companies. According to Solidium in November 2012 the state ownership in Talvivaara was 8,9 % with value of €31 million. In April 2013 state invested €47 million more. The state ownership is 16.7 % with value of €60 million. Finnish state has no members in the Talvivaara board of directors.
Financials.
Norilsk Nickel, the world's leading producer of nickel, has made a 10-year contract with Talvivaara Mining Company to purchase the latter's entire output of the nickel and cobalt production at market prices.
The company has suffered poor profitability. In November 2013, metals recovery operations were ceased, and negotiations on a €40 million public offering were terminated as inconclusive. A corporate reorganization claim has been filed in the Espoo district court. If the reorganization is unsuccessful, the company may have to file for bankruptcy. The company is deeply in debt to Nyrstar, Nordea Bank, Svenska Handelsbanken, Danske Bank, Varma, Cameco, Finnvera (the official export credit agency) and a variety of equipment suppliers and other companies.
Operations.
The Talvivaara mine is one of the largest nickel mines in Finland. The mine is located in Sotkamo in Eastern Finland and employs 400 people. It is an open-pit mine, 22 km from Sotkamo and 28 km from Kajaani. The mine consists of two deposits 3 km apart, Kuusilampi and Kolmisoppi, and has an annual production capacity of over 10 million tonnes of ore. The mine has reserves amounting to 1 billion tonnes of ore grading 0.22% nickel, 0.13% copper, 0.5% zinc and 0.02% cobalt thus resulting 2.2 million tonnes of nickel, 1.3 million tonnes of copper, 5 million tonnes of zinc and 0.2 million tonnes of cobalt. 90% of the nickel is deposited in black schist rock, which contains 31% sulfides, most of which consist of iron sulfide minerals. Nickel-bearing sulfide minerals pentlandite, altered pentlandite and pyrrhotite are present in low concentrations, but are accessible by bioheap leaching.
The metals are extracted by bioheap leaching, a method where natural bacteria living in the rock accelerate metal leaching by oxidation. In conventional leaching, a coat of porous sulfide rock is left behind on the shrinking core of nickel in the grain. In contrast, in bioheap leaching, the oxidation of sulfides causes eventual disintegration of the porous rock, exposing more area than achievable by chemical means only. The ground ore is built into heaps 1.2 km long and 400 m wide, and a recycling irrigation system is used to keep the grains wet. The heat produced by the bacterial oxidation keeps the heap warm throughout the year. Extraction is done twice in primary and secondary heaps. In a pilot heap, over 90% of nickel and 80% of zinc was recovered within 500 days of leaching. Cobalt and copper recoveries were lower, 14% and 2%, respectively. The resulting green-colored solution is then refined to the metals. Treatment with hydrogen sulfide precipitates copper sulfide, then zinc sulfide and finally nickel-cobalt sulfide.
In 2011 Cameco signed an agreement with Talvivaara, where Cameco would pay US$ 60 million to construct a uranium extraction circuit at the mine in Sotkamo. Talvivaara would then pay back the initial construction costs in the form of uranium concentrate; once the initial costs are paid Cameco would continue to purchase the uranium concentrate at a pricing formula based on market price on the day of delivery.
A railway track was built in order to transport the nickel-cobalt concentrate to a Norilsk Nickel smeltery in Harjavalta, Finland.
Environmental impacts.
Prosecutors were considering case against Talvivaara Mining in January 2014.
Sulfate emissions.
The operation has caused controversy because of its environmental impacts. Sulfate concentration in the effluent (8000 mg/m3) has exceeded the permitted levels (130 mg/m3), causing severe pollution in the water course. 
Insufficient mixing caused the formation of an artificial halocline in a lake where effluent was discharged, which led to the lake bottom becoming anoxic. Reduction of sulfate into hydrogen sulfide by bacteria caused odour problems. Also, dust emissions are reported.
The case is currently under police investigation. 
MEPs Sirpa Pietikäinen and Satu Hassi initiated an European Commission investigation in June 2012 into Talvivaara's compliance with EU directives on mining waste.
Both said that environmental officials have not efficiently taken issue with the violations, and have thereby violated Finland’s EU obligations.
Minister of the Environment Ville Niinistö indicated that the state may intervene the operations unless the environmental impacts are brought under control. The Government of Finland responded in October 2012 with the conclusion that the local state authority, the Kainuu ELY Centre, has adequately monitored Talvivaara's operations.
Gypsum pond leak.
In November 2012, there was a major leak from the gypsum waste pond, which is contaminated with nickel, uranium and other toxic metals. Finland's Environment Minister visited the site, after calling it "a serious environmental crime". The mining firm posted a 4.3 million euro loss in the third quarter of 2012, blaming weak output and low nickel prices. On the same day, Finland's largest newspaper, "Helsingin Sanomat", published an editorial column that labeled the company "a large-scale failure, that casts a shadow on the efficiency of the Finnish society as a whole", criticizing Finnish officials for not taking administrative action against the mining company for its environmental problems. With warmer spring weather, this holding pond recently leaked an estimated 250,000 L of contaminated liquid into the environment, again.
Leak and company response.
The Talvivaara waste water pond leaked uranium and other toxic metals into the environment. Earlier than normal winter conditions provide an additional challenge to manage this problem. Freezing temperatures should help solidify the dams that are being built for the winter, but this temporary advantage will be lost in the spring. Teams of army conscripts and local volunteer firefighters worked with the company around the clock. Helicopters were in use, in addition to large-scale earth-moving equipment. About 200 people were involved in the hasty repair effort. According to the company, the leak has been stopped.
The mining company's CEO Harri Natunen stated that "We have legally mandated liability insurance that covers expenses if we’re unable to pay". It was not clear, however, if all cleanup expenses would still by covered if the company went into bankruptcy. Natunen also stated that the risk for future leaks would be eliminated. He further promised that the leak at the mine would be its last. Local weather conditions have continued to improve, which should allow work crews to carefully inspect the repairs, and provide evidence based evaluations of the current situation. Preventative aerial application of lime has commenced, to curtail the spread of the toxic metal plume in the naturally acidic soil of the region.
On 15 November 2012, the original CEO, Pekka Perä, returned to the post to stabilize the situation, and pledged to cover all the damages caused by the leak, and not sell his own stock in the mine. His analysis was that exceptionally high rainfall was the ultimate cause for the leak. This forced the workers to pump acidic overflowing water into the gypsum pond, which was intended only for neutralized tailings. Thus, the effect of the leak was more severe as the acidic water dissolved more metals. Mr. Perä apologized for the emotional and potential environmental harm.
Leaking resumes in April 2013.
While winter repairs had been stabilized by freezing temperatures, recent spring weather has allowed more contaminated liquid to escape from the holding pond. Talvivaara was leaking waste water 7,000 cubic metres an hour on 8 April 2013 from a leak that was noticed on Sunday. Before this leak there were 620,000 cubic meters of was waste water in the reservoir, and Monday afternoon 370,000 cubic meters remained, with 250,000 cubic meters of contaminated liquid released into the environment, again. In comparison, a large oil tanker contains 100,000 cubic metres.
On 9 April 2013 it was announced that the recent leak has been plugged, and the Talvivaara mining company was quick to claim that there is no fear that the leak might resume again. It was not immediately clear how company officials were able to predict the future with such confidence. Harri Natunen, Talvivaara’s head of production, admitted that "...less than 400,000 cubic metres of waste water had escaped the pond" recently, which is considerably more than the 250,000 cubic meters that were suggested to have leaked on 8.4.2013. This is the fourth major discharge from the mine since since 2008, with three in the last six months. In the mean time, Talvivaara officials remain tight lipped about a recent technical report the company had commissioned from VTT, the Technical Research Centre of Finland. This report was an investigation of the leaks that occurred last autumn. Neither VTT nor the company have published this new report, nor has it been delivered to local authorities who renew the company's environmental permit. Chief executive Pekka Perä has indicated that the report had been completed, but that the company did not want to release it just yet. Perä denied that the report contained any information that should be covered up, and specified by saying that its release could be at some point during the spring.
The troubled Talvivaara Mining Company requested permission on 10 April 2013 to release an additional 820,000 cubic meters of waste water into the local environment, on top of the 1.8 million cubic metres for which it already has permits. A portion of the additional 820,000 cubic meters (620,000 cubic meters) is planned to be released from the leaking gypsum pond, which contains high levels of uranium and other toxic metals. Releasing such a large amount of contaminated waste water into the environment would help take pressure off of the pond's softening containment structure, which has softened a consequence of the recent spring thaw. Freezing winter temperatures had kept the waste water from leaking during the past four months, but the renewed leak on 8 April 2013 has demonstrated that this temporary advantage has now been lost. It is presently not clear if the mining company will wait for the integrity of the pond to fail in a catastrophic way, or if they will move ahead with an unauthorized release of waste water. It is unlikely that a permit will be granted in time that would allow a more managed response. The regional office of the Finnish Economic Development, Transport and the Environment (ELY Centre) has apparently adopted a wait and see policy, as its peculiar mandate to monitor both economic development in the area and environmental concerns seem to be at odds, and such internal confusion tends to limit the ability of ELY to make such important decisions. It is also unclear if the company's insurance policy will cover cleanup if the Talvivaara company goes into bankruptcy. On 12 April 2013, Talvivaara Mining Company submitted another application to release additional quantities of waste water into the local environment.
After releasing even more contaminated water into the surrounding environment this spring, the Talvivaara Mining Company recently announced that mining operations restarted on Monday 13 May 2013. The mine was previously expected to restart no sooner than this summer, but the amount of leaked liquid was sufficient enough to advance the schedule by several months. Certainly the company is eager to recover from the serious financial losses that came with the accidental leak that began last year, and an earlier restart should help to restore the bottom line for this troubled fiscal year. According to the company, the resumption of ore production will improve overall water levels and site water management. Apparently this improvement will come through dissolving the contaminated waste water with more clean water. Additional waste water was leaked this spring to relieve stress on the walls of the leaky holding pond that was repaired last winter, to make room for the larger volumes of diluted waste water that is expected from the new waste management plan. There was no public mention of creating larger or additional holding ponds at this point, nor the possibility of simply cutting back on production.
On 21st of May 2013, Talvivaara waste water colored River Lumijoki near the mine red and orange.
Government response.
Finland's Permanent Secretary at the Ministry of Employment and the Economy informed that the company's operations cannot continue before further studies are completed. He said that results from waste water samples indicate that the environmental permits issued were not in line with its current operations. The Safety Investigation Authority, a government agency responsible for investigation of major accidents, has started an investigation about Talvivaara.
The government agency Finnish Environment Institute (SYKE) determined that the individual metal plumes released into Lumijoki are concentrated enough to potentially cause local fish kills far downstream. The largest problem is accumulation of aluminum into the gills, but nickel, zinc, cadmium and uranium are also expected to cause ichtyotoxicity. However, no prohibitions of fishing have been imposed, because aluminum and cadmium only accumulate in parts that are discarded as offal (gills and livers, respectively). However, with aggressive liming, acidification has been successfully limited and no fish kills have materialized. The Finnish National Institute for Health and Welfare (THL) has declared that waste water leaked from the Talvivaara mining "has no immediate serious effects on human health". The Finnish Radiation and Nuclear Authority (STUK) reported uranium levels 3.5 times higher than the recommended limit of 100 micrograms per liter, but not high enough to be acutely dangerous to humans. In March 2012, the concentration of uranium was 600 micrograms of uranium per litre in a pond near the Talvivaara mine at Sotkamo. The upper limit for drinking water is 100 µg/l.
Talvivaara was allowed to pump 300.000 m3 metal-containing wastewaters to natural lakes outside the mine area in November 2012.
Environmental officials at the local Ely-keskus requested in January 2013 opinions on the proposal from the Finnish Safety and Chemicals Agency Tukes and the Radiation and Nuclear Safety Authority STUK.
Finland's Minister for International Development, Heidi Hautala (Green Party) has recently criticized the government's state-run investment company Solidium for quietly doubling its share holdings in the beleaguered Talvivaara Mining Company. Solidium now controls 17 percent of Talvivaara shares, making it the company’s largest single shareholder. On Monday 15 April, Hautala criticised Solidium’s actions in the Talvivaara case, saying that the government investor (Solidium) should have engaged in serious reflection, since Talvivaara could not by any means be considered a good investment. Apparently this decision was made without much discussion within the government.
In October 2013, the Vaasa Administrative Court ruled that the company must limit waste water discharges.
Public response.
Finnish Association for Nature Conservation and Greenpeace Nordic have informed of the damage. There was a demonstration in 15.11.2012 in Helsinki. Finnish Association for Nature Conservation reminded that the environmental law demands immediate corrective action and restoration. In November 2012, Greenpeace demanded to close Talvivaara mining operations. Journalists have not been permitted to enter the area to acquaint themselves with the situation. In November 2012, Finland’s largest environmental NGO, the Finnish Association for Nature Conservation, called for government intervention in the matter.
About 100 claims for damages have been lodged by property owners, but more are expected.
Janne I. Hukkinen, professor of environmental policy at University of Helsinki, criticized the new environmental administration of Finland. The previous government established local ELY centres, which are responsible for employment and economic policy, transport and environmental monitoring. Thus, the local environmental agencies, which were previously governed independently, were placed under the jurisdiction of an officer responsible to the Ministry of Employment and the Economy. Indeed, the ministers responsible, Paula Lehtomäki and Jyri Häkämies, gave the responsibility for all the environmental permits and regulation of the Talvivaara mine to a single official. Häkämies, the Minister of Economic Affairs, resigned shortly after the event. The new minister, Jan Vapaavuori, is faster in granting environmental permits than his predecessors, and opines that environmental regulation must not slow down competitiveness. Janne Hukkinen demands that the independent environmental administration should be re-established such that it could be openly critical of business interests.
The Finnish Association for Nature Conservation (FANC) demanded closing of Talvivaara mine in May 2013.
Safety at work.
At the beginning of 2012, an employee was killed in Talvivaara's Sotkamo site. 
Preliminary reports say that the death was caused by a lethal concentration of hydrogen sulfide in the air. Authorities shut the plant down temporarily until some rudimentary safety mechanisms were installed. The plant was later cleared to continue operation, but with to the shutdown in November 2012, Tukes denied the permission to restart the processes, citing lacking safety evaluations for planned changes in the process equipment.
Later hydrogen sulfide poisoning was confirmed the cause of death of the worker. According to The Finnish Safety and Chemicals Agency (Tukes) deficiencies in the planning and safety control of the plant for the metal recovery were the cause of the accident. A lethal concentration of hydrogen sulfide was released outside the leach residue pond of the metal recovery plant. The mining company had already before noticed the hazard, but the reasons for increased concentrations of hydrogen sulfide were not found out systematically. Shortage of defining responsibilities, flow of information, operations and working habits of the organisation were also discovered in the investigation of Tukes.
High H2S concentration in air was the reason of the death. Acci Map safety analyses developed by Tukes found the safety risk not included in the company risk analyses. While the immediate reason was the accidentally open valve, the reason was the consequences this caused in the plant process. The automatic pump mixed solutions that evolved large amounts of CO2 gas. The releasing gas mixture including H2S burst out from the storage vessel. Calm weather did not disperse the emission.
Public relations.
In the start of operation company did not inform the environmental administration of the potential uranium leak risk. 
When natural birds were killed in the area company was more concerned that public received informatation of the situation. Company sued but failed in it the person who noticed the situation and informed the administration. 
Talvivaara promised to publish the VTT study report that was ready in March 2013. Talvivaara has not given it for public on the 9th of April 2013. The report was announced to include advice in potential renewal leak conditions. Report may include essential information in regard to the environmental permission. Talvivaara has not given the report either for the state permission administration.

</doc>
<doc id="18313699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313699" title="Andrey Bukhlitskiy">
Andrey Bukhlitskiy

Andrey Nikolayevich Bukhlitsky (; born 7 February 1982) is a Russian beach soccer player who represents Russia in international competitions. His role is goalkeeper.
Bukhlitsky is a quite successful goalkeeper who was selected as the best keeper of EBSL 2007 season, captured the best keeper award in season regular phase event for 3 times consecutive in that season.

</doc>
<doc id="18313702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313702" title="Graeme Bailey">
Graeme Bailey

Graeme Alfred Bailey (born 11 July 1943 in Ourimbah, New South Wales), is a retired Australian racing driver, best known as co-winner of the 1986 Bathurst 1000.
Career.
Group C.
's career emerged in the late 1970s, becoming a front runner in two-litre touring car racing in Toyota Celicas, usually driving the car raced the year prior by factory supported Sydney based Toyota racer, Peter Williamson. In 1980 Bailey won the two litre class at the Bathurst 1000 and finished 12th outright.
By 1983 small capacity class touring cars were falling out of favour, and at Bathurst the two litre class was merged into the three litre class. Bailey spent the next few years out of racing himself, although he did co-drive with Peter McLeod at the 1983 James Hardie 1000 at Bathurst in McLeod's Mazda RX-7 where they finished 5th outright. The race was run as part of the 1983 Australian Endurance Championship, which McLeod would go on to win.
Group A.
With the advent of Group A in Australia for the 1985 season, Bailey considered competing in the open class. In 1986 he sold the Celica and acquired a Holden VK Commodore SS Group A from the Roadways team for the 1986 season. Teaming up with Allan Grice in a Les Small built Commodore, he took it to Europe to race in the 1986 FIA Touring Car Championship. Budgetary problems saw the team return to Australia earlier than they had hoped, but with renewed confidence. At the Bathurst 1000 that year Grice and Bailey dominated the race, finally giving Grice a long deserved Bathurst victory.
Bailey's career wound down at that point, choosing to concentrate on the successful family business, Chickadee Foods, of which he was Managing Director. Bailey's son briefly raced in Sports Sedans in the mid-2000s, racing a Chevrolet powered Nissan 300ZX.

</doc>
<doc id="18313724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313724" title="Higashi-Nemuro Station">
Higashi-Nemuro Station

Higashi-Nemuro is the easternmost railway station in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18313732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313732" title="St Peter's Collegiate Girls' School">
St Peter's Collegiate Girls' School

St Peter's Girls' School, (officially Saint Peter's Collegiate Girls' School, also commonly known as Saints Girls), is an independent girls' school located in Adelaide, South Australia. 
Founded in 1894 and originally located in Kermode St, North Adelaide (at the current site of the Women's and Children's Hospital), the School is currently located in Stonyfell, 6 km east of the Adelaide city centre. Located on one campus and surrounded by natural bushland, students from Pre-school to Year 12 thrive in an environment that encourages independence and resourcefulness, develops firm friendships and promotes shared goals.
St Peter's Girls' is a day school which offers the South Australian Certificate of Education (SACE) and is an Authorized International Baccalaureate (IB) World School teaching both the in the Junior School and the [http://www.stpetersgirls.sa.edu.au/senior-school/ Diploma Program in Years 11 and 12.
Click here to read more of the School's success and news. 
History.
Opened in 1894 by the Community of Sisters of the Church the School was originally established in North Adelaide (Kermode St). The School moved to its present site at Stonyfell, just 6 km east of the city of Adelaide, South Australia, in 1957.
The Sisters who opened the School were English women who had joined the Anglican Sisterhood founded in 1870 by Miss Emily Ayckbowm, with its headquarters in the London suburb of Kilburn. The members of the community were active in educational and social work in England and because the then bishop of Adelaide, Bishop Kennion, knew of this he asked them to come and serve the needs of which he was aware. His request was answered by the arrival in Adelaide of the first sisters in 1892, and the School opened in 1894 with 4 pupils.
The first lay Head was appointed in 1969. In 1985, the sisters established an incorporated association managed by a Board of Governors and gifted the School and its assets to this association.
A history of the School, Not Saints, But Girls, written by Dr. Janet Phillips, was published in 1994. It is available from the School Shop on (08) 8334 2228.
School Motto, Pro Ecclesia Dei Beati Mundo Corde, means for the Church of God: Blessed are the Pure in Heart.
The School celebrates its 120th Birthday in 2014.
Campus and Facilities.
The [http://www.stpetersgirls.sa.edu.au/place/location] is situated entirely on of landscaped grounds located on Hallett Road, Stonyfell. Purchased at an auction in 1949, the Stonyfell property known as ‘Chiverton’ featured a two storey, 14 room residence and stables with a 2 room cottage. 
The first day of school at the new campus was Ascension Day, 30 May 1957 with the official opening held on St Peter’s Day, 29 June 1957. The main building originally comprised an assembly hall, tuckshop and 24 classrooms.
During the late 1960s, science laboratories were built, and an extension to the eastern end of the building, for a library, was begun. In the 1970s, the oval was further developed, a sports pavilion was erected, the gymnasium was built, and the swimming pool, the Junior library and the art centre were added. The Humzy Theatre was constructed in 1981, and in 1994 a new Information Technology Centre was completed. In 2001 the front office and car park were refurbished, and in 2004 an "Early Learners' Centre" was opened. The campus celebrated its 50th Birthday in 2007. In 2010 the School built an Arts Centre. . 
House system.
The School's House system was introduced in 1927 to foster a sense of belonging and encourage friendly rivalry and competition. 
Upon enrolling at the School, students are allocated into one of the four School Houses, each named after a prominent figure in the School's history: Kennion (pale blue), Kilburn (gold), Patteson (red), or Selwyn (green). The four houses engage in numerous inter-house competitions every year, including: Athletics Day; Swimming Sports Day; House Music Eisteddfod; inter-house netball, hockey, tennis, badminton, soccer, softball, and debating; and the hotly contested Choral Night, widely regarded as the community highlight on the School's calendar.
Alumni.
Some of the School's notable alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="18313740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313740" title="West Canfield Historic District">
West Canfield Historic District

The West Canfield Historic District is a neighborhood historic district located primarily on Canfield Avenue between Second and Third Streets in Detroit, Michigan. A boundary increase enlarged the district to include buildings on Third Avenue between Canfield and Calumet. The district was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1970 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971; a boundary increase was added in 1997. The revitalized 1870s era neighborhood is one of the residential areas surrounding the city's Cultural Center Historic District in Midtown. Nearby, East Canfield Avenue leads to the Detroit Medical Center complex, the Romanesque Revival styled St. Josaphat's Catholic Church, and the Gothic revival styled Sweetest Heart of Mary Catholic Church.
History.
The area around the West Canfield Historic District was once owned by Lewis Cass, an early governor of Michigan. When he died in 1866, his two daughters inherited his holdings. Three years later, they divided the property, with Cass's daughter Mary receiving the portion where the West Canfield Historic District is now located. Mary's husband was Captain August Canfield, a graduate of West Point and a major investor in the construction of the ship canal at Sault Ste. Marie. In 1871, Mary Cass Canfield subdivided her land, naming Canfield Avenue in honor of her husband. 
The street was populated by prosperous attorneys, physicians, dentists, architects, and other professionals. Construction continued into the 1880s. The street remained a prime residential location in Detroit for decades. In the 1930s, the Great Depression led to a decline in the neighborhood. In the 1960s, the neighborhood was revitalized and the historic streetscape was restored. New residents have continued to maintain and revitalize the vibrant Midtown neighborhood in the 21st century.
Architecture.
In the early 1870s, numerous brick Queen Anne homes were constructed along Canfield, on spacious lots with generous setbacks. The original platting specified that each lot would measure 50 by 190 feet, and that there would be "a 30 foot setback for sidewalk, shrubbery, and ornamental purposes."
In the early 1980s, the street was narrowed and returned to its original 1870s design with granite pavers, reproduction street lamps were installed, trees were planted, and grassy medians were added. In 1970, the District received state and local historical designation, the first district so recognized in the city. The district was placed on the National Register of Historic Places the following year. In 1997, District was expanded to include three buildings on Third Street: one additional Queen Anne style residence and two Victorian commercial buildings. In the new millennium, the vibrant neighborhood has experienced many renovations.

</doc>
<doc id="18313743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313743" title="Nishi-Wada Station">
Nishi-Wada Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313747" title="Ochiishi Station">
Ochiishi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313748" title="USS Felicia (SP-642)">
USS Felicia (SP-642)

USS "Felicia" (SP-642) was a yacht acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was outfitted and armed by the Navy as a patrol craft, and was assigned to patrol the New England waters. Her task of protecting ships from German submarines was interrupted by her collision with a submarine. Post-war she was reconfigured to her civilian condition, and was sold in 1919.
Built as a yacht in Brooklyn.
The first ship to be so named by the Navy, "Felicia" (No. 642) was built in 1898 by J. N. Robins Company, Brooklyn, New York; purchased by the Navy 2 June 1917; and commissioned 29 June 1917, Lieutenant H. Langworthy, USNRF, in command. (The other USS Felicia, PYc-35, was built in 1931, and served in World War II.)
World War I service.
Based out of Newport, Rhode Island, "Felicia" patrolled the New England coast, on duty with the 2d Naval District, until August 39, 1918, when she collided with a submarine in heavy fog off Montauk Point.
Decommissioning and sale.
"Felicia" was in repair or laid up at various yards until decommissioned at Brooklyn, New York, 25 August 1919. "Felicia" was stricken from the list of Naval vessels in September 1919 and sold 25 March 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="18313753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313753" title="Kombumori Station">
Kombumori Station

Layout.
Kombumori Station has a single side platform. 

</doc>
<doc id="18313757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313757" title="Master/Session">
Master/Session

In cryptography, Master/Session is a key management scheme in which a pre-shared Key Encrypting Key (called the "Master") is used to encrypt a randomly generated and insecurely communicated Working Key (called the "Session" key. The Working Key is then used for encrypting data to be exchanged.
The Master/Session technique was created in the days before asymmetric techniques, such as Diffie Hellman, were invented. This technique still finds widespread use in the financial industry. It is routinely used between corporate parties such as issuers, acquirers, switches. Its use in device communications (such as PIN pads) is in decline given the advantages of techniques such as DUKPT.
Its advantage is simplicity, but it suffers the disadvantage of having to communicate the pre-shared Key Exchange Key, which can be difficult to update in the event of compromise.

</doc>
<doc id="18313759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313759" title="Bettoga Station">
Bettoga Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313761" title="Hattaushi Station">
Hattaushi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313762" title="Attoko Station">
Attoko Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313763" title="Anebetsu Station">
Anebetsu Station

Anebetsu Station is a railway station of JR Hokkaido Nemuro Main Line located in Hamanaka, Akkeshi District, Kushiro Subprefecture, Hokkaidō, Japan which opened at Nov. 25, 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18313764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313764" title="Hamanaka Station">
Hamanaka Station

The station opened on 25 November 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18313766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313766" title="Chanai Station">
Chanai Station

Chanai Station is a railway station of JR Hokkaido Nemuro Main Line located in Hamanaka, Akkeshi District, Kushiro Subprefecture, Hokkaidō, Japan which opened at Nov. 25, 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18313767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313767" title="Itoizawa Station">
Itoizawa Station

Itoizawa Station is a railway station of JR Hokkaido Nemuro Main Line located in Akkeshi, Akkeshi District, Kushiro Subprefecture, Hokkaidō, Japan which opened at Nov. 25, 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18313769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313769" title="Akkeshi Station">
Akkeshi Station

Akkeshi Station is a railway station of JR Hokkaido Nemuro Main Line located in Akkeshi, Akkeshi District, Kushiro Subprefecture, Hokkaidō, Japan which opened at Dec. 1, 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="18313772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313772" title="Monshizu Station">
Monshizu Station

Monshizu Station is a railway station of JR Hokkaido Nemuro Main Line located in Akkeshi, Akkeshi District, Kushiro Subprefecture, Hokkaidō, Japan which opened at Dec. 1, 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="18313773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313773" title="Oboro Station">
Oboro Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313774" title="Kami-Oboro Station">
Kami-Oboro Station

Kami-Oboro Station is a railway station of JR Hokkaido Nemuro Main Line located in Akkeshi, Akkeshi District, Kushiro Subprefecture, Hokkaidō, Japan which opened at Dec. 1, 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="18313775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313775" title="Beppo Station">
Beppo Station

Beppo Station is a railway station of JR Hokkaido Nemuro Main Line located in Kushiro, Kushiro District, Kushiro Subprefecture, Hokkaidō, Japan which opened at Dec. 1, 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="18313777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313777" title="Musa Station (Hokkaido)">
Musa Station (Hokkaido)


</doc>
<doc id="18313782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313782" title="Görlitz (disambiguation)">
Görlitz (disambiguation)

Görlitz is a town in Saxony, Germany.
Görlitz also refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18313784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313784" title="Tamper-resistant security module">
Tamper-resistant security module

A Tamper-Resistant Security Module (TRSM) is a device that incorporates physical protections to prevent compromise of Cryptographic Security Parameters (CSP) therein contained.
There are varying levels of protection afforded by TRSMs:
A TRSM is usually also a Hardware security module (HSM).

</doc>
<doc id="18313811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313811" title="Zelman">
Zelman

Zelman, Zalman, or Zalmen is Jewish given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18313814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313814" title="Alaska Native Arts Foundation">
Alaska Native Arts Foundation

Established in 2002, the Alaska Native Arts Foundation is a non-profit organization formed to support the Alaska Native art community. The organization, headed by Trina Landlord, engages in many efforts to increase public awareness of the art and to create a vibrant and growing market for their work. The Anchorage gallery, located at 500 West Sixth Avenue in downtown Anchorage, has monthly exhibits of new works of art by contemporary Alaska Native artists in mixed media, paintings, sculpture, wood carvings, fused glass, cast bronze and other forms. In addition, the Foundation maintains extensive inventory of Native art and utilitarian, handmade items of all sorts, based on the "subsistence" lifestyle of its makers: walrus ivory carvings, baleen etchings, whalebone sculpture, salmon and halibut skin baskets, caribou antler dolls dressed in traditional sealskin clothing; and wearable art and accessories: jewelry, baskets, traditional "ulu" knives, fur parkas, hats, gloves, mittens, traditional "mukluks", summer parkas, bolo ties, "scrimshaw" belt buckles, silver, gold and copper jewelry, and hair ornaments.
The Foundation is also a grant-making organization, awarding small artist support grants.

</doc>
<doc id="18313821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313821" title="Zelman (surname)">
Zelman (surname)

Zelman is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18313835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313835" title="Washibetsu Station">
Washibetsu Station

The station was opened by Hokkaido Colliery and Railway Company on December 1, 1901.
Washibetsu Locomotive Depot of Japan Freight Railway Company (JR Freight) is located nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="18313836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313836" title="Horobetsu Station">
Horobetsu Station

The station was opened by Hokkaido Colliery and Railway Company on August 1, 1892 when the line between Higashi-Muroran Station and Iwamizawa Station opened.
Noboribetsu City Hall is located adjacent to Horobetsu Station.

</doc>
<doc id="18313839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313839" title="Tomiura Station (Hokkaido)">
Tomiura Station (Hokkaido)


</doc>
<doc id="18313840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313840" title="Noboribetsu Station">
Noboribetsu Station

The station was opened by Hokkaido Colliery and Railway Company on August 1, 1892 when the line between Higashi-Muroran Station and Iwamizawa Station opened.
The station is a gateway to the Noboribetsu Onsen hot spring, which is connected by a 15-minute ride of Dōnan Bus from the station.

</doc>
<doc id="18313842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313842" title="Kojōhama Station">
Kojōhama Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313843" title="Takeura Station">
Takeura Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313846" title="Kita-Yoshihara Station">
Kita-Yoshihara Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313848" title="Hagino Station">
Hagino Station


</doc>
<doc id="18313871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313871" title="Owen Biddle">
Owen Biddle

Owen Biddle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18313899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313899" title="Thomas Cook (bishop)">
Thomas Cook (bishop)

Thomas William Cook (born 2 December 1866 – 29 October 1928) was the Anglican Bishop of Lewes for a brief period in the second quarter of the 20th century.
Born at Wellingborough and educated at Lancing College and Hertford College, Oxford, he was ordained in 1890. His ministry began with a curacy at Warrington after which he was appointed Assistant Principal of the Chester Diocesan Training College. He then began a long period within the Diocese of Chichester. From 1895 until 1911, he was Second Master and Chaplain at his old school and then successively Vicar, Rural Dean and Archdeacon of Hastings before being elevated to the Episcopate. A small brass memorial to him lies in the north aisle of Chichester Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="18313924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313924" title="Laura Chiatti">
Laura Chiatti

Laura Chiatti (born 15 July 1982, Castiglione del Lago, Italy) is an Italian actress and singer. She is the leading lady in two successful movies: "Ho voglia di te", alongside Riccardo Scamarcio, and Paolo Sorrentino's third movie "The Family Friend". The latter was entered into the 2006 Cannes Film Festival. In 2010 she voiced Princess Rapunzel in the Disney-animated feature film Tangled (Italian Version).
Advertising.
Prizes and awards

</doc>
<doc id="18313940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313940" title="Dejan Boljević">
Dejan Boljević

Dejan Boljević (, born 30 May 1990) is a Montenegrin football player who plays for FK Čukarički.
Background.
Boljević was born in Cetinje in SR Montenegro and grew up in Budva. He started playing football at the age of seven.
Club career.
He started his youth career at FK Mogren when he was eight. He moved up into the junior squad at the age of fifteen and made the first team at the age of seventeen.
In summer 2010 he moved to Serbia and signed with FK Partizans satellite club FK Teleoptik that played in the second Serbian tier. and, a year later, he moved to FK Smederevo playing in the Serbian SuperLiga.

</doc>
<doc id="18313943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313943" title="Leyton West by-election, 1919">
Leyton West by-election, 1919

The Leyton West by-election, 1919 was a parliamentary by-election held on 1 March 1919 for the British House of Commons constituency of Leyton West, in the Urban District of Leyton, Essex. The constituency formed part of the Greater London conurbation.
Vacancy.
The seat had become vacant on the death of the constituency's Coalition Conservative Member of Parliament (MP), Harry Wrightson on 11 February 1919. Wrightson had first been elected at the 1918 general election. Within days of the declaration of poll however, Wrightson contracted influenza, which deteriorated to pneumonia, and he died early in 1919, aged 44, six days before the new Parliament met and so was never able to take his seat.
Candidates.
The Conservative Party selected as its candidate James Francis Mason, who was a director of the Great Western Railway and had been MP for Windsor between 1906 and the preceding General Election.
Alfred Ernest Newbould stood for the Asquithian Liberals. He had stood against Wrightson at the recent General Election, coming in second with less than half of Wrightson's votes.
Campaign.
Mason's campaign sought to repeat the theme of the previous General Election, where Conservatives had run solely on the glory of having won the war. 
Newbould’s main campaign points were the abolition of conscription and a crackdown on profiteering the first policy was said to appeal to men and the second to women. Unfortunately for part of the contest he was confined to bed with a bad cold and his wife was engaged as principal canvasser on his behalf 
Result.
On a turnout of 42.5%, (down from the general election turnout of 49.9%) Newbould won what was seen as an important victory for the Asquithian Liberals improving his share of the vote from 32.6% at the general election to 57.3% in the by-election. 
According to psephologist John Ramsden, this amounted to a swing of 24.8% and was statistically one of the worst by-election reverses of the 1918-1922 government.
Aftermath.
At the 1922 General Election, Newbould lost the seat back to the Conservatives, and never managed to get back into the House.

</doc>
<doc id="18313956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313956" title="Walter Bechtold">
Walter Bechtold

Walter Bechtold (born 25 July 1947) is a former German professional footballer.
Bechtold began his professional career in 1965 with Eintracht Frankfurt. The midfielder scored 33 goals in his four years with the club, but was never a first-team regular. In 1969 he transferred to local rivals Kickers Offenbach in the Regionalliga. With Kickers he had his most successful season; the club being promoted to the top flight as champions and winning the DFB Cup against 1. FC Köln. This saw the team qualify for the next season's European Cup Winners' Cup, where they were knocked out in the first round by Belgian side Club Brugge K.V. Bechtold played for a year in the Bundesliga with Offenbach before being relegated back to the regional league. After one season back in the lower division, he moved to SV Darmstadt 98. He returned once again to the Bundesliga in 1978 with Darmstadt, before being relegated once more a year later. He retired from playing in 1980. During his professional career, Bechtold played in 131 Bundesliga matches, scoring 45 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18313978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313978" title="Carolina Crescentini">
Carolina Crescentini

Carolina Crescentini (born 18 April 1980 in Rome) is an Italian actress. She is a graduate of the Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia, and star of box office hit movie Parlami d'amore, directed by Silvio Muccino. She has worked with Giuliano Montaldo on I demoni di San Pietroburgo and Fausto Brizzi on Notte prima degli esami oggi.

</doc>
<doc id="18313999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18313999" title="Venetian literature">
Venetian literature

Venetian literature is the corpus of literature in Venetian, the vernacular language of the region roughly corresponding to Venice, from the 12th century. Venetian literature, after an initial period of splendour in the sixteenth century with the success of artists such as Ruzante, reached its zenith in the eighteenth century, thanks to its greatest exponent, dramatist Carlo Goldoni. Subsequently, the literary production in Venetian underwent a period of decline following the collapse of the Republic of Venice, but survived nonetheless into the twentieth century to reach peaks with wonderful lyrical poets such as Biagio Marin of Grado.
Origin.
The first evidence of the birth of vernacular Venetian (and Italian) is the Verona Riddle, dating between the end of the eighth and the early ninth century, written in a language halfway between Latin and the vernacular.
The first fragment entirely in Venetian, dating back to 1100, is the "Ritmo bellunese" which deals with events at Belluno in the years 1183 to 1196.
Also dating to the twelfth century are the verses of the love song "Quando eu stava in le tu' cathene".
Thirteenth century.
In the thirteenth century we witness in the Veneto an explosion of compositions designed to meet the literary tastes of the emerging urban classes. Especially remarkable is the production of the "Veronese School", with Giacomino da Verona, author of the poem in two parts, "De Gerusalem Celesti" ("On the Heavenly Jerusalem") and "De Babilonia Civitate Infernali" ("On Babylon, the Infernal City"). Published anonymously from this era are "Lamento della Sposa Padovana" or "Bona çilosia"
Fourteenth century.
Throughout the 14th century, the centre of literary production Venetian continued to be Padua. At the end of the 14th century, Count Carraresi commissioned "Bibbia Istoriata Padovana" and "Liber agregà of Serapion" also called "Erbario Carrarese" (held at the British Library, London), a translation from the Latin "Carrara Herbarium", a treatise of medicine originally in Arabic. An important writer from this period is Francesco di Vannozzo (~1330-1389).
"Cronaca de la guera tra Veniciani e Zenovesi" by Daniele da Chinazzo is a chronicle of the War of Chioggia between 1379 and 1381.
Original works of the fourteenth century include those that go together under the name of Franco-Venetian literature characterized by a unique mix of vulgar Veneto with medieval French. Among the best known works are the anonymously authored l"Entrée d'Espagne" and its continuation, "La prise de Pampelune" by Niccolò da Verona.
Later.
Notable is a manuscript titled "Dialogue ... on the New star" attributed to Galileo (1564–1642). 
The language enjoyed substantial prestige in the days of the Venetian Republic, when it attained the status of a lingua franca in the Mediterranean. Notable Venetian-language authors are the playwrights Ruzante (1502–1542) and Carlo Goldoni (1707–1793). Both Ruzante and Goldoni, following the old Italian theater tradition ("Commedia dell'Arte"), used Venetian in their comedies as the speech of the common folk. They are ranked among the foremost Italian theatrical authors of all time, and Goldoni's plays are still performed today. Other notable works in Venetian are the translations of the Iliad by Casanova (1725–1798) and Francesco Boaretti, and the poems of Biagio Marin (1891–1985). 
Nowadays venetian is still vigorous even in Brasil, where it is called talian. This venetian language version, spoken by undred-thousands of emigrants from veneto living in Brasil, is written by dozens of writers, especially in Rio Grando and Santa Cattarina.

</doc>
<doc id="18314018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314018" title="Dolichognatha">
Dolichognatha

Dolichognatha is a widespread genus of tropical and subtropical spiders.

</doc>
<doc id="18314055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314055" title="Jonathan Corbett">
Jonathan Corbett

Jonathan Corbett is a TV food channel presenter, food commentator, and Buyer working for Tesco plc.
Born and raised in Telford, Shropshire. Corbett was educated at the Charlton School, before training as a Chef at Radbrook Catering College, Shrewsbury. His then lecturer was the wife of former British Prime Minister, John Major, Norma.
After graduating, Corbett went on to work at The Duke of Westminster's, Chester Grovesnor hotel, before taking up a position with Marco Pierre White at the 3 Michelin Star ‘The Restaurant’ in London's Hyde Park Hotel.
After working as a Chef, Corbett was given the opportunity to work in food development & buying at the Sultan of Brunei’s Dorchester Hotel in London – from there Corbett worked for Robert De Niro NOBU restaurant, and London's Met Bar at the Metropolitan Hotel in similar positions.
Corbett joined Tesco in February 2007 – and is working on the key development of Ethnic & Exotic food into the retailers stores worldwide.
In January 2010 Corbett formed The Little Big Voice, a Marketing and Innovation company based in London.
Corbett married Antonia Jones from American Express in July 2007, in the bride's hometown of Leyland, Lancashire UK.

</doc>
<doc id="18314057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314057" title="Army Headquarters">
Army Headquarters

Army Headquarters may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="18314061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314061" title="Landana">
Landana

Landana (Lândana, Concelho de Cacongo, Malemba, or Molembo) is a municipality in Cabinda Province, Angola. Its principal town is Cacongo. Landana lies on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean, adjacent to Landana Bay.
History.
At the time of the arrival of the Portuguese in the 15th Century it was populated by the Kongo people and was the major portion of the Kingdom of Kakongo.

</doc>
<doc id="18314085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314085" title="1st (Peshawar) Division">
1st (Peshawar) Division

The 1st (Peshawar) Division was a Regular Division of the British Indian Army it was formed after the Kitchener reforms of the Indian Army in 1903. During World War I it remained in India for local defence but it was mobilised for action on the North West Frontier on several occasions during the period.
The Division was in the Northern Army, later called Northern Command. In 1919, the Division was mobilised for operations in Afghanistan during the Third Afghan War. Typical of all Indian Army formations, it contained a mixture of British units and Indian ones and unlike British Divisions it contained a mixture of cavalry and infantry components.
Formation in 1914.
Peshawar Brigade.
Formed July 1918

</doc>
<doc id="18314106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314106" title="NK Maksimir">
NK Maksimir

NK Maksimir is a Croatian football club founded in 1924 and based in the Maksimir district of Zagreb. They currently play in 4. HNL, fourth level league of Croatian football.

</doc>
<doc id="18314119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314119" title="Project 404">
Project 404

Project 404 was the code name for a covert United States Air Force advisory mission to Laos during the later years of the Second Indochina War, which would eventually become known in the United States as the Vietnam War. The purpose of Project 404 was to supply the line crew technicians needed to support and train the Royal Laotian Air Force, while Raven Forward Air Controllers were brought in to supply piloting expertise and guidance for running a tactical air force. The two programs together comprised Palace Dog.
Project 404 began in 1966, as a successor after the completion of Operation White Star, was smaller in scope, and was an adjunct to the various covert ground operations succeeding White Star. Because Laos was ostensibly a neutral party to the conflict between the United States and North Vietnam, the airmen did not wear United States Air Force uniforms, but instead worked in civilian clothing.

</doc>
<doc id="18314125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314125" title="Gladwyn M. Childs">
Gladwyn M. Childs

Gladwyn Murray Childs (29 December 1896–July 1975) was an American minister, missionary and anthropologist.
Early life.
He was born in Endeavor, Wisconsin on 29 December 1896. He received his bachelor's degree from Pomona College, a BD and MA from Union Theological Seminary in the City of New York, where he knew William Sloane Coffin. He obtained a PhD in anthropology from Columbia University.
Career.
Childs was a striking man, being 6' 4" tall. Together with his wife, Margaret, he worked as a missionary from 1925 to the early 1960s for the United Church Board for World Ministries and the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions in Portuguese West Africa, especially Angola. He was the principal of a mission school, the Currie Institute. 
Later life.
After retirement, he worked for the World Council of Churches in Lisbon, but sought to return to Angola to work on a prehistoric project. Childs also worked with his uncle, Merlin Ennis, a researcher of folk tales, on Umbundu folktales.
Personal life.
He married Margaret (born Marguerite) Pfaffli (5 November 1902 - January 1986) in her home town of Lausanne, Switzerland on 14 February 1925. Their daughter, Elaine Childs-Gowell (died 2006) was a noted therapist, anthropologist and author.
Publications.
'The Ovimbundu of Angola' Chicago: Field Museum of Natural History, 1934.
'Umbundu Kinship and Character: Being a Description of Social Structure and Individual Development of the Ovimbundu'. ISBN 0-8357-3227-4. Published by: Oxford University Press, 1949
'The Kingdom of Wambu (Huambo): A Tentative Chronology' in The Journal of African History, Vol. 5, No. 3 (1964), pp. 367–379, Published by: Cambridge University Press

</doc>
<doc id="18314133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314133" title="Ohio State Route 128">
Ohio State Route 128

State Route 128 (SR 128) is a state route that runs between Cleves and Hamilton in the US state of Ohio. Most of the route is a rural two-lane highway and passes through both woodland and farmland. For much of its path, SR 128 runs generally parallel to the west of the Great Miami River. The highway was first signed in 1923 on the same alignment as today. The whole highway was paved by 1928. US 50 Bypass was commissioned on a section of SR 128 in 1935 and it was decommissioned in 1974.
Route description.
SR 128 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 50 (US 50), in Cleves, on the west bank of the Great Miami River. The highway heads north as a two-lane highway passing through woodland and parallel to the river. The road curves northeast, before curving southeast, passing through commercial properties. The route curves northeast and has an interchange with Interstate 74 (I–74) and I–275. North of the interchange SR 128 curves due north passing through Miamitown. The highway curves northwest before leaving the town. The route heads northwest passing through a mix of farmland and woodland. The roadway enters Ross and begins a concurrency with SR 126. The concurrency passes through residential properties, with some commercial properties.
On the northeast side of Ross the road has an interchange with US 27, this interchange is the eastern end of SR 126 concurrency. The routes leaves Ross passing through woodland and farmland. The highway curves due north heading towards Hamilton. As the road enters Hamilton it passes through residential properties, before turning due east, crossing over the Great Miami River. After crossing the river the highway begins a concurrency with US 127. Both highways head north as a four-lane undivided highway, passing through residential and commercial properties. In downtown SR 128 turns southeast, concurrent with SR 129 and SR 177. The concurrency heads southeast as a four-lane undivided highway passing through both commercial and residential properties. SR 128 ends at an intersection with SR 4, in Hamilton. This intersection is also the southern terminus of SR 177.
SR 128 is not part of the National Highway System, a system of routes important to the nation's economy, mobility and defense.
History.
SR 128 was first signed in 1923 and the entire route was paved in 1928. In 1935 US 50 Bypass was signed concurrent with SR 128 from US 50 north to US 27. The US 50 Bypass was decommissioned in 1974. No significant changes have taken place to this state route since 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18314162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314162" title="1956–57 Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1">
1956–57 Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1

This page presents the Tunisian football league season of 1956-1957.

</doc>
<doc id="18314175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314175" title="1997 Tashkent Open – Singles">
1997 Tashkent Open – Singles

Tim Henman defeated Marc Rosset 7-6 (7-2), 6-4 in the final to secure the title.
Seeds.
The text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18314184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314184" title="Triphenylphosphine sulfide">
Triphenylphosphine sulfide

Triphenylphosphine sulfide (IUPAC name: Triphenyl-λ5-phosphanethione) is the organophosphorus compound with the formula (C6H5)3PS, usually written Ph3PS (Ph = phenyl). It is a colourless solid, which is soluble in a variety of organic solvents. 
Structurally, the molecule resemble the corresponding oxide, with ideallized C3v point group symmetry. It is weakly nucleophilic at sulfur.
Applications.
Organic synthesis.
Triphenylphosphine sulfide is useful for the conversion of epoxides to the corresponding episulfides:
Analytical chemistry.
In analytical chemistry, triphenylphosphine is used for the analysis of certain kinds of sulfur compounds. Elemental sulfur (S8), as occurs in some oils, and labile organosulfur compounds, e.g. organic trisulfides, react with triphenylphosphine to give Ph3PS, which can be detected by gas chromatography.

</doc>
<doc id="18314186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314186" title="Kurisu">
Kurisu

Kurisu (栗須, 栗栖) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18314199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314199" title="Turn Back the Hands of Time">
Turn Back the Hands of Time

"Turn Back the Hands of Time" is a song recorded by American R&B singer Tyrone Davis. The song was co-written by Jack Daniels and Bonnie Thompson and produced by Willie Henderson. Daniels and Thompson wrote "Turn Back the Hands of Time" based on the relationship problems that Daniels was having at the time. Daniels had co-written Davis's 1968 hit "Can I Change My Mind" and the recording session for "Turn Back the Hands of Time" included some of the same musicians from "Can I Change My Mind". "Turn Back the Hands of Time" was released as a single in February 1970 and became Davis's second major hit, spending two weeks at number one on Billboard's R&B Singles chart and reaching number three on its Pop chart. The single was also certified gold by the RIAA for sales of one million copies.
The song appears in the 1995 movie, "Nine Months".

</doc>
<doc id="18314203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314203" title="Swatch FIVB World Tour 2007">
Swatch FIVB World Tour 2007

The Swatch FIVB World Tour 2007 is an international beach volleyball competition.
The tour consists of 12 tournaments with both genders and 10 separate gender tournaments.
One of the tournaments, was the 2007 Beach Volleyball World Championships in Gstaad, Switzerland.
The top eight finishes that a team has from January 1, 2007 to July 20, 2008, on the Swatch FIVB World Tour (2007 and 2008), SWATCH FIVB World Championships (2007) and on FIVB recognised Continental Championship Finals, counts towards Olympic qualification for the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games. The top 24 teams of each gender will compete in the Beijing Games. There can be a maximum of two teams per country.
Grand Slam.
There were four Grand Slam tournaments. These events give a higher number of points and more money than the rest of the tournaments.
Award winners.
SWATCH Most Outstanding Player.
For each tournament, there is selected one MOP (Most Outstanding Player)

</doc>
<doc id="18314214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314214" title="VDA">
VDA

VDA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18314226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314226" title="Kanagal, Mysore">
Kanagal, Mysore

Kanagal is a village in Mysore district, Karnataka. It is the birthplace of Puttanna Kanagal.

</doc>
<doc id="18314232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314232" title="Color image pipeline">
Color image pipeline

An image pipeline or video pipeline is the set of components commonly used between an image source (such as a camera, a scanner, or the rendering engine in a computer game), and an image renderer (such as a television set, a computer screen, a computer printer or cinema screen), or for performing any intermediate digital image processing consisting of two or more separate processing blocks. An image/video pipeline may be implemented as computer software, in a digital signal processor, on an FPGA, or as fixed-function ASIC. In addition, analog circuits can be used to do many of the same functions.
Typical components include image sensor corrections (including "debaying" or applying a Bayer filter), noise reduction, image scaling, gamma correction, image enhancement, colorspace conversion (between formats such as RGB, YUV or YCbCr), chroma subsampling, framerate conversion, image compression/video compression (such as JPEG), and computer data storage/data transmission.
Typical goals of an imaging pipeline may be perceptually pleasing end-results, colorimetric precision, a high degree of flexibility, low cost/low CPU utilization/long battery life, or reduction in bandwidth/file size.
Some functions may be algorithmically linear. Mathematically, those elements can be connected in any order without changing the end-result. As digital computers use a finite approximation to numerical computing, this is in practice not true. Other elements may be non-linear or time-variant. For both cases, there is often one or a few sequences of components that makes sense for optimum precision as well as minimum hardware-cost/CPU-load.
The figure shows a simplified, typical use of two imaging pipelines. The upper half shows components that might be found in a digital camera. The lower half shows components that might be used in an image viewing application on a computer for displaying the images produced by the camera.
Note that operations mimicking physical, linear behaviour, such as image scaling, is ideally carried out in the left hand side, working on linear RGB signals. Operations that are to appear "perceptually uniform", such as lossy image compression, on the other hand, should be carried out in the right hand side, working on "gamma-corrected" r'g'b or Y'CbCr signals.

</doc>
<doc id="18314242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314242" title="Afiamalu">
Afiamalu

Afiamalu is a place on Upolu Island, Samoa.

</doc>
<doc id="18314257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314257" title="Kei truck">
Kei truck

A Kei truck, or Kei class truck, or Japanese mini truck is a minitruck, a tiny but practical pickup truck available in RWD or 4WD version, built to satisfy the Japanese "keijidōsha" (軽自動車, "light vehicle") statutory class. They are known as Keitora (軽トラ, "light truck") in Japan alongside their van version twin, the microvan.
Design.
The Kei truck class specifies a maximum size and displacement, greatly increased since legislation first enabled the type in 1949. The 1998 law admits a maximum length of , a maximum width of and a maximum height of with a maximum displacement of 660 cc. They weigh about , and when ungoverned can reach up to . Due to the limits established with regards to vehicle length, most, if not all, current trucks in this classification are built with the "cab over" approach to maximize load carrying abilities. For export markets, kei trucks are usually fitted with bigger engines to allow them more useful carrying capabilities. An Indonesian version of the originally 543 cc Suzuki Carry is currently built with a 1.6 liter unit - nearly three times larger.
Typical manufacturers and model names include: Subaru Sambar, Suzuki Carry, Honda Acty, Mazda / Autozam Scrum, Mitsubishi Minicab, and Daihatsu Hijet.
Many of these have been produced under license abroad, such as the Piaggio Porter. In South Korea, Daewoo and Asia (Kia) produced rebadged Suzuki Carry/Every and Daihatsu Hijet Van as Daewoo Labo/Damas, and the Asia/Kia Towner.
Uses.
Widely employed throughout Asia in agriculture, fisheries, construction and even for firefighting, used models have appeared in the US for off-road use typically by farmers and hunters. Japanese laws encourage surplussing vehicles after a relatively short life; consequently importers bring used Kei trucks into the US by the container load for sale at prices ranging from to $12,000. They have fully enclosed cabs, seat belts, windshield wipers, AM radios, heaters, lights, and signals, and are claimed to run on one US gallon of gasoline. They generally have long pickup beds with fold-down sides; dump and scissor lift beds are also available as well as van bodies. The length limitation forces all of these models into a cab forward design.
While street legal in Japan, Kei trucks lack proof of conformance with US regulations. Nevertheless they are approved for use on local roads in several rural states, with a variety of limitations on their use. Many are also used as campus maintenance vehicles, rarely leaving campus confines. 2008 legislation in Oklahoma and Louisiana is the most liberal, prohibiting their use on interstate highways only.

</doc>
<doc id="18314265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314265" title="SNCAC Martinet">
SNCAC Martinet

__NOTOC__
The SNCAC Martinet was a German-designed but French-built twin-engined military trainer and light transport monoplane. It was operated by the French military and in small numbers by French airlines from the late 1940s.
Development.
To aide the German war effort the SNCAC factory at Bourges was ordered to produce 455 Siebel Si 204s light transports for the Luftwaffe. Production started in 1942 and 168 had been delivered before the Liberation stopped production. The French decided to continue producing the aircraft and designated the aircraft NC.700. Only a prototype NC.700 was built powered by Renault 12S-00 engines (derived from the German AS-411) although the designation was also used for a small number of aircraft originally intended for the Luftwaffe and diverted to the French Air Force.
The company then produced two variants; the NC.701 Martinet based on the Si 204D with a glazed unstepped nose and powered by two Renault 12S engines, and the NC.702 Martinet with a conventional stepped windscreen nose based on the Si 204A.
Operational history.
The Martinet was used by both the French Air Force and Navy and the final example did not retire until 1963. A small number were used by commercial operators including Air France but were soon replaced by larger aircraft like the Douglas DC-3. A number were used by the French Postal Service but they were grounded following an accident to F-BBFA is July 1946. The aircraft was used by the IGN for photo-survey work and a few aircraft were also exported to Poland and Sweden for use on photo-mapping duties.
Operators.
Accident and incidents

</doc>
<doc id="18314269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314269" title="Eric Bryant (cricketer)">
Eric Bryant (cricketer)

Leonard Eric Bryant, born at Weston-super-Mare, Somerset on 2 June 1936 and died at Brent Knoll, Somerset on 28 November 1999, played first-class cricket for Somerset between 1958 and 1960.
A left-handed lower order batsman and a slow left-arm spin bowler whose action was allegedly modelled on that of Tony Lock, Bryant played 15 matches for the Somerset side that finished third in the County Championship in 1958, equalling the best-ever finish by the county to that time. He took only 25 wickets, but that included five in an innings – five for 64 – against Worcestershire to win the match where Australian Colin McCool made his highest score in English cricket. Wisden noted that Bryant "showed promise".
However, he played only a handful matches in the drier summer of 1959 and in his first first-class game of 1960, against Gloucestershire at Bath, he was no-balled five times by umpire Hugo Yarnold for throwing. Though he reappeared in two further matches that summer without incident, he was not re-engaged by Somerset at the end of the season and did not appear again in first-class cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="18314293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314293" title="Jacaric acid">
Jacaric acid

Jacaric acid is a conjugated polyunsaturated fatty acid with a melting point of 44 °C. It occurs naturally in the seeds of the "Jacaranda mimosifolia", which contain about 36% jacaric acid.

</doc>
<doc id="18314300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314300" title="Gunter Thiebaut">
Gunter Thiebaut

Gunter Thiebaut (born 12 January 1977) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays as a striker for KVK Ninove.
Club career.
Early career.
Thiebaut's professional career started at Lebbeke. Thiebaut was then signed by Eendracht Aalst in Summer 1998, a team that played in the First Division. After showing some great displays, he moved to Cypriot team Omonia Nicosia, and returned to Belgium after that.
In Belgium he played for Dender, which was known as FC Denderleeuw at that time. Here, he showed his goalscoring capabilities. In the 2002–2003 season at Denderleeuw, Thiebaut was top-scorer in the Belgian Second Division.
New adventure & topscorer.
His great scoring earned him another adventure. In Germany he was signed by 1. FC Saarbrücken. He played some good seasons, but decided to find his way back to Belgium in 2005. S.V. Zulte Waregem was his new team in the 2006–2007 season. Thiebaut also became top scorer with 21 goals this season, the same number of goals as Gabriel Persa who played for Dessel Sport and Fraizer Campbell playing for Royal Antwerp on loan from Manchester United.
MVV.
After that, he moved to Dender and finally to MVV, another adventure abroad, this time in the Netherlands. In Maastricht he scored in his first game for MVV two times. The first goal, in the third minute, was the first goal in the season. In December 2007 was chosen footballer of the year in Eerste divisie, he was nominated as the best player in Netherlands Limburg in 2007. At MVV he scored 42 goals in 2 seasons.
Lierse.
On 26 June 2009 it was announced that Thiebaut joined Belgian Second Division club Lierse SK.

</doc>
<doc id="18314306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314306" title="Sabahudin Bilalović">
Sabahudin Bilalović

Sabahudin "Dino" Bilalović (May 7, 1960 – July 29, 2003) was a Bosnian professional basketball player. He was born in Trebinje, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Playing career.
In 1979, as a player of KK Bosna Sarajevo, in his early career years, he won the Euroleague at the time European Champions Cup. He played most of his career for KK Bosna Sarajevo, KK Vojvodina, Hapoel Naharya Israel, Dyc Lugo Spain, and in Germany and Switzerland.
National team.
He appeared in the national team of former Yugoslavia in the early nineties at the 1990 Goodwill Games, the second games which took place in Seattle, United States, along with Dražen Petrović, Toni Kukoč, Žarko Paspalj, Dino Radja other great stars of Yugoslavia basketball.
Later, in the first appearance of Bosnia and Herzegovina national basketball team, in EuroBasket 1993, he was the Top Scorer of the tournament averaging 25 (24.6) points per game:
Death.
Bilalovic has died July 2003 during his vacation in Croatian coastal town of Makarska from previously diagnosed heart condition. He died of a heart attack on the beach while swimming with his son.

</doc>
<doc id="18314321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314321" title="Ruling pen">
Ruling pen

A ruling pen is a drawing instrument for drawing with ink or with other drawing fluids. 
A ruling pen contains ink in a slot between two flexible metal jaws, which are tapered to a point. It enables precise rendering of the thinnest lines. The line width can be adjusted by an adjustment screw connecting the jaws. The adjustment screw can optionally have a number dial.
Originally used for technical drawings in engineering and cartography together with straight rulers and French curves, it is today used for specific uses, such as picture framing or calligraphy.

</doc>
<doc id="18314353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314353" title="Michigan Rugby Football Union">
Michigan Rugby Football Union

The Michigan Rugby Football Union (MRFU) is the Local Area Union (LAU) for Rugby Union teams in the state of Michigan. The MRFU is part of the Midwest Rugby Football Union (MRFU), one of the seven Territorial Area Unions (TAU's) that comprise USA Rugby.
Men’s Clubs.
Battle Creek 
Detroit RFC 
Detroit Tradesmen Rugby Club Detroit Tradesmen 
Findlay SCARS 
Flint Rogues Rugby Club [http://flintrugby.dyndns.org/] 
Fort Wayne 
Grand Rapids 
Kalamazoo 
Michiana 
Michigan RFC 
Oakland Highlanders 
Toledo Celtics 
Traverse City Blues 
Tri-City Barbarians 
Women’s Clubs.
Ann Arbor 
Detroit RFC 
Flint Sirens 
Kalamazoo 
Collegiate Clubs - Men.
Bowling Green University 
Central Michigan University 
Davenport University 
Ferris State University 
Grand Valley State University 
Hillsdale College
Hope College 
Lake Superior State University
North Central Michigan College
Northern Michigan University 
Oakland University
Michigan State University 
Saginaw Valley State University 
University of Michigan 
University of Michigan-Dearborn
Western Michigan University 
Wayne State University
Central Michigan University 
Ferris State University 
Grand Valley State University 
Northern Michigan University 
Saginaw Valley State University 
University of Michigan 
Wayne State University 
Western Michigan University 
Anthony Wayne 
Battle Creek 
Berkley HS 
Birmingham Area Youth Rugby Football Club (Buc Rugby), Birmingham, MI 
Brighton 
Dearborn 
Dexter Devils Rugby Football Club Dexter, MI 
Forest Hills 
Grand Blanc 
Grand Haven 
Grand Rapids Catholic 
Grandville 
Howell 
Kalamazoo 
Kenowa Hills 
Lakeview HS 
Livonia HS 
Lowell 
Knights Rugby Club (KRC), Northville 
Rockford 
Sparta 
Traverse City 
Troy United 
Washtenaw 
West Ottawa 
Youth Clubs - Girls.
Ann Arbor Pioneers 
Berkley HS 
Redford Thurston
Traverse City Blues
Toledo Girls Rugby Football Club 
Lakeview Huskies 

</doc>
<doc id="18314357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314357" title="Warren-Prentis Historic District">
Warren-Prentis Historic District

The Warren-Prentis Historic District is a historic district in Detroit, Michigan, including the east-west streets of Prentis, Forest, Hancock, and the south side of Warren, running from Woodward Avenue on the east to Third Avenue on the west. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
The district includes residential, commercial, institutional, religious and other buildings, and the majority of the pre-1930s building stock remains.
History.
The land included in the Warren-Prentis Historic District was originally the Park Lots, the Cass Farm, and the Jones/Crane Farm; these parcels were subdivided in the late 19th century. Due in part to the large lot sizes and the streetcar lines along Woodward and Third, the district became popular with upper-class Detroit businessmen and professionals moving away from downtown. A number of these citizens moved into the area in the period between 1880 and 1895, commissioning residences.
In the late 1880s, apartment living became more popular, and the construction of duplexes and small apartments increased while the construction of single-family homes dropped off. Commercial development in the area increased in the early 20th century, peaking in the years between World War I and the Great Depression.
The area declined during the Depression, as the larger single-family homes became too costly to keep up. These homes were divided into rental units, and the area was fully utilized during the boom years of World War II. The area again began declining after the war, but in the 1990s signs of revival have been evident, as the nearby Wayne State University and the Detroit Medical Center draw people to the area.
Structures.
There are 108 individual historic structures in the Warren-Prentis Historic District. These include some buildings of individual historical significance:

</doc>
<doc id="18314376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314376" title="Peter Ball (bishop)">
Peter Ball (bishop)

Peter John Ball (born 14 February 1932) is the co-founder of the Community of the Glorious Ascension and a former Bishop of Lewes and of Gloucester.
Early life and career.
Educated at Lancing College and Queens' College, Cambridge, he was ordained in 1956 and began his ministry with a curacy at Rottingdean. He next received basic monastic training at Kelham Theological College. In 1960 he and his identical twin brother Michael founded a monastic community, the Community of the Glorious Ascension, of which he was Prior until his elevation to the episcopate. Whilst Prior of CGA, he combined his duties as a religious with several other pastoral roles, including three years as Vicar of Hoar Cross in Staffordshire.
Bishop of Lewes.
Ball was only the second Anglican bishop since the English Reformation to be consecrated as a member of a religious order in a monastic habit. He quickly established himself with clergy in his care as an effective and kindly administrator. More widely, he was popular with congregations as a preacher of striking sermons and as a stimulating leader in small group discussions. In 1987 he was asked by Archbishop Robert Runcie to chair the committee drawing up the new catechism which was produced in 1990.
In "Join the Company", Adrian Plass wrote that Ball was "regarded by many as one of the wisest and most godly men in the Christian Church."
Bishop of Gloucester.
After having been translated to the See of Gloucester in 1992, he resigned from his position as Bishop of Gloucester in 1993, after admitting to an act of gross indecency with a 19-year-old man and accepting a formal police caution for it.
After retirement.
In May 2012 it was reported that the Church of England had carried out a safeguarding review of Ball and passed the review and historic files to the Sussex police. The police stated "The reports and files relate to matters more than 20 years ago and we will review the contents in order to establish whether any police investigation of possible criminal offences would be merited. This review is likely to take several weeks. We are not prepared to expand on this statement at this time.”
On 13 November 2012, news services reported that Ball was arrested for police questioning at his home near Langport, Somerset, following allegations of child sexual abuse in the Diocese of Chichester during the late 1980s and early 1990s. Sussex police said Ball was released the same day on medical advice. The police said they intended to interview Ball at a later date. The police statement noted that the offences leading to Ball's being sought for questioning "were allegedly committed against eight boys and young men, all of whom were at time in their late teens or early twenties, except one who was 12."
Three days later, police announced that a further seven people had come forward with allegations of abuse by the Bishop.
Ball's twin brother, Michael, was the suffragan Bishop of Jarrow and then Bishop of Truro. He is also retired and the two brothers live together in Somerset.

</doc>
<doc id="18314407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314407" title="USS Felicia (PYc-35)">
USS Felicia (PYc-35)

USS "Felicia" (PYc-35) was a yacht acquired by the United States Navy during World War II. "Felicia" was outfitted as a patrol craft by the Navy, and was assigned to patrol the New England waters. She was based out of Newport, Rhode Island until 16 December 1943 when she was based out of Boston, Massachusetts, as a training ship for naval cadets at Harvard University. Post-war she was decommissioned and transferred to the Maritime Commission.
Built by Bath Iron Works in Maine.
The second ship to be so named by the U.S. Navy, "Felicia" (PYC-35) was built in 1931 by Bath Iron Works, Bath, Maine; purchased by the Navy on 8 April 1942; and commissioned on 27 June 1942, Lieutenant F, G. Crane, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
Patrol Craft operations.
"Felicia" was assigned to the 2nd Naval District and was based at Newport, Rhode Island, out of which she sailed on anti-submarine patrols, until 16 December 1943.
Assigned as a training ship.
From that time, she operated locally out of Boston, Massachusetts, harbor as a school ship, training student naval officers enrolled at Harvard University.
Post-war decommissioning and disposal.
She was decommissioned on 10 August 1945, and transferred to the Maritime Commission on 23 October 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18314412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314412" title="Royce Ryton">
Royce Ryton

Royce Thomas Carlisle Ryton (16 September 1924 – 14 April 2009) was an English playwright. During the war he served in the Royal Navy; afterward, he went to train as an actor at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. As an actor, he played in many repertory theatres, including Bromley, Minehead, and Worthing. He also toured extensively. Over the years he worked less as an actor so he could concentrate on his writing. Initially, he had some success with comedies (which were particularly well received in Germany), but later he became fascinated with the interaction of the private and public lives of royalty and politicians. 
He was married to Morar Kennedy (sister of Ludovic Kennedy) from 1954 until his death, aged 84; they have a daughter, Charlotte. Morar has a son, Roderick Orr-Ewing, from her first marriage. 
With "Crown Matrimonial" (1972), Ryton achieved an historical first — the serious portrayal of a living member of the Royal Family (Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother) on the stage. It is about the Abdication crisis of 1936. The play was Ryton's most successful work and has been performed on Broadway and the London West End. In the West End, the central portrayals of Queen Mary and Edward VIII were played by Wendy Hiller and Peter Barkworth. Most recently Queen Mary was played by Patricia Routledge. 
Ryton continued his 'Royal-theme' in 1981 with the comedy (co-written with Ray Cooney), "Her Royal Highness", about a double having to stand-in for Lady Diana Spencer when she loses her nerve and disappears, one week before the Royal Wedding. It ran successfully at the Palace Theatre in London's West End from 1981-82.

</doc>
<doc id="18314422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314422" title="Catalpic acid">
Catalpic acid

Catalpic acid is a conjugated polyunsaturated fatty acid. The melting point of this fatty acid is 32 °C. Catalpic acid occurs naturally in the seeds of "Catalpa ovata" and Southern Catalpa ("Catalpa bignonioides"). Seeds of "Catalpa" species contain about 40% catalpic acid.

</doc>
<doc id="18314433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314433" title="2007 FIVB World Grand Prix squads">
2007 FIVB World Grand Prix squads

This article show all participating team squads at the 2007 FIVB Women's Volleyball World Grand Prix, played by twelve countries with the final round held in Ningbo, China.

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18314443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314443" title="Shauna Cross">
Shauna Cross

Shauna Cross is an American screenwriter, novelist and former roller derby athlete. She skated for the Los Angeles Derby Dolls under the pseudonym "Maggie Mayhem", and subsequently wrote the 2007 novel "Derby Girl", a fictionalized version of her experiences in the TXRD Lonestar Rollergirls league. In 2009, she wrote a film adaption of the novel, "Whip It", which was directed by Drew Barrymore and released in 2009. She was named one of "Variety"s 10 Screenwriters to Watch in 2008.
Early life.
Cross grew up in Austin, Texas with her two brothers and younger sister. 
Writing career.
After graduating from the University of Texas film school in Austin, Cross worked on a few local film productions before deciding to move to Los Angeles in 2001 to try to break into the screenwriting industry. She supported herself in Los Angeles by working odd jobs optioning screenplays "here and there".
In 2007, Cross's novel "Derby Girl", about a teenage girl from a small town who takes up roller derby, was published by Henry Holt and Co. Cross herself was involved in the early days of the TXRD Lonestar Rollergirls league, Cross skated under the pseudonym "Maggie Mayhem" in the Los Angeles Derby Dolls team. She originally did not want to write about her roller derby experiences, but her friends convinced to turn the idea into a fictional story. Although she was primarily a screenwriter, a friend of hers introduced her to her book agent, Steve Malk, who loved the idea. Cross wrote "Derby Girl" over four months, and Malk sold the manuscript (first titled "Derby Doll" to Henry Holt after shopping it to various publishers. Cross later remarked that "unlike anything else in my writing career so far, it happened very fast".
After she finished "Derby Girl", Cross pitched the same premise as a film to Drew Barrymore's production company, Flower Films. It was picked up immediately after she showed them a script – under the new title "Whip It" – and Barrymore decided to direct it herself. "Whip It" was released in October 2009.
Cross has been hired to adapt Gayle Forman's novel "If I Stay" to a screenplay to be directed by Catherine Hardwicke, She also adapted (with Heather Hach) Heidi Murkoff's book "What to Expect When You're Expecting" into a multi-narrative romantic comedy film, and is writing a screenplay called "Live Nude Girls", about the unionization of the Lusty Lady strip club in San Francisco during the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18314472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314472" title="Theft (disambiguation)">
Theft (disambiguation)

Theft is the illegal taking of another person's property without that person's freely-given consent.
Theft may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18314479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314479" title="Paul Gratzik">
Paul Gratzik

Paul Gratzik (born November 30, 1935 in Lindenhof, near Lötzen in East Prussia) is a German dramatist and novelist. He came to wider public attention in 2011 as the subject of the documentary film "Vaterlandsverräter" (English translation: Enemy of the State) about his past as a Stasi informer. 
Life.
Paul Gratzik was the third of six children of a farm worker in the then German state of East Prussia, now in eastern Poland. His father fell in the first days of the war. Early in 1945 he, his mother, and siblings fled westwards in an ox cart, ending up in Schönberg in Mecklenburg, in what would become East Germany. After completing compulsory education he undertook a carpentry apprenticeship from 1952 to 1954, and then did manual work in the Ruhr, in Berlin, in Weimar, and later in the brown coal open-cast mine in Schlabendorf in the Lausitz. In Berlin he tried to complete his Abitur at evening classes. 
In Weimar, in 1962, he was an official in the local Free German Youth and decided to collaborate with the Ministry for State Security (MfS or Stasi) as an informer. He also began to write.
From 1963 to 1968 he studied at the Weimar teacher training institute (:de:Institut für Lehrerbildung). His first play was published in 1966. In 1968 he enrolled at the "Johannes R. Brecher" Institute for Literature at Leipzig University, a creative writing school, but after a short time, by almost unanimous vote of faculty and students, he was expelled. He then taught at a children's home in Dönschten in the Osterzgebirge. 
In 1971 he began to work full-time as a writer and joined the GDR writer's guild (Deutscher Schriftstellerverband). But in 1974 he began again to work in industry, part-time, at the Dresden transformer factory. From 1977, Gratzik lived in Berlin, employed as playwright by the Berliner Ensemble. He was awarded the Heinrich Mann Prize in 1980.
Then in 1981 he refused all further cooperation with the MfS and confessed to his friends, amongst them Heiner Müller, that he had informed on them. He was no longer allowed to publish, and many friends shunned him. From 1984 he himself became an object of observation by the MfS and experienced harassment by them.
Since the middle of the 1980s he has lived in seclusion in the Uckermark, between Templin and Prenzlau.
Paul Gratzik's work reflects his own experiences as a manual worker under East German socialism. Although a convinced communist, his unadorned realism, and readiness to tackle taboo themes, for example the Jugendwerkhöfe, East German juvenile re-education establishments, brought him into conflict with the censors. In GDR literary circles he was, as a worker who wrote, already unusual, but his gregariousness, charisma, and magnetic effect on women, made him one of the most colourful figures.
Neither the British Library nor the German National Library list any English translations of his work.
"Vaterlandsverräter" film.
"Vaterlandsverräter" is a 97-minute documentary film about Paul Gratzik directed by the German film maker , who had known Gratzik for twenty years before making the film. It premiered at the Berlinale in 2011. In 2012 it was broadcast by Arte, and in 2013 awarded a Grimme-Preis in the Information category: 
"Die Zeit", amongst others, also praised the film: 
The DVD of "Vaterlandsverräter" has English subtitles.

</doc>
<doc id="18314487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314487" title="Lynn King">
Lynn King

Lynn Paul King (November 28, 1907 – May 11, 1972) was a Major League Baseball player from - and in . King was born in Villisca, Iowa and died in Atlantic, Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="18314500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314500" title="North High School (Denver, Colorado)">
North High School (Denver, Colorado)

North High School is a high school located in Denver, Colorado. It is part of the Denver Public Schools System. It is located in the Highland neighborhood of North Denver.
Demographics.
The number of students enrolled in North High School in 2009-2010 is 953.
References.
1. Colorado Department of Education Report Card [http://reportcard.cde.state.co.us/reportcard/pdf/2008_0880_6314_H.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="18314501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314501" title="Francis Reyes">
Francis Reyes

Francis Florentino Saludo Reyes (born June 20, 1967 in Lipa City, Batangas, Philippines) is a Filipino musician. He was the chief radio announcer and musical director for the rock station NU107.5 FM who uses the on-air stage name Francis Brew.
Early years.
Reyes was born and raised in Lipa City, the second child of Florante, a photographer, and Teresita, a housewife. His youth was not particularly musical and his on-stage experiences were focused on oratorical contests which he regularly won. He started playing guitar at 14, helped by his elder brother Ferdinand who was a "natural" guitarist. The Reyeses were not rich, and his first proper guitar was a fake Gibson acoustic worth Php150.00 that his mother promised as a gift if he won a declamation contest during his junior high school year in De La Salle Lipa.
Although supported by his mother, Francis' choice to pursue music or fine arts in university was not encouraged by the family so he majored in Political Science and minored in Literature at De La Salle University. Nevertheless he continued to study music on his own, bringing an old Telecaster copy–a gift from an uncle in Canada–to school and practicing behind the university library. He formed a few bands with friends and played at school events. The school's prohibitive tuition fees plus the delicate financial status of his family at the time took their toll and he went looking for writing jobs to supplement his income. In 1987 he auditioned for an FM radio station and became a graveyard shift trainee but was eventually able to join NU107.
Career.
NU107.
At around the same time he joined NU107, he became a member of Afterimage, which was then managed by Martin Galan, who also managed The Dawn. When Francis joined The Dawn, he was juggling school, NU107, and the band. When the schedule of The Dawn began to fill up, he became somewhat negligent with the radio station and was let go amicably in 1992. He returned in 1997 to host the show "In the Raw", and has been with the station since then. He eventually was appointed its chief announcer and musical director.
The Dawn.
Reyes met The Dawn during his tenure with Afterimage, although he had already known Jett Pangan in university during interpretative reading contests which Pangan regularly won. He became friendly with the group's guitarist/founder Teddy Diaz and they even spoke of forming a thrash metal side project with drummer JB Leonor's brother Dennis. Unfortunately, Teddy was murdered mere days after their talk. Reyes was then asked to be one of the three guitarists who were to play Teddy's parts in the tribute concert "Salamat Teddy" at the Folk Arts Theater in September 1988.
Reyes returned to Afterimage during Atsushi Matsuura's tenure with The Dawn and also became one of band's roadies. In November 1989, he was asked to replace Matsuura.
Reyes recorded three albums and played with The Dawn until January 1995 when the band decided to go on hiatus. Between then and until the band reformed, he became a session guitarist for Lou Bonnevie, Kulay, P.O.T., and Joey Ayala. He credits his experience with The Dawn and their eclectic music for being able to play in different genres comfortably.
The Dawn reformed with Atsushi Matsuura in 2000, thus expanding the line-up to a five-piece. Matsuura and the band parted ways in 2003 and Reyes remains the sole guitarist.
On April 16, 2009, Francis left the band after what Jett Pangan called a "hard meeting". Pangan went on to state though that Francis is welcome to rejoin the band.
Solo work and current projects.
Reyes is also currently a contractual music arranger for the Roadrunner Network. He recently contributed a piece for the compilation album "Mga Gitarista" under 12Stone Records. Although constantly encouraged by peers to create a guitar-oriented solo album, Reyes is not interested, preferring to focus his energies on The Dawn.
He formed the improvisation-oriented trio Garlic with Razorback bassist Louie Talan and Imago drummer Zach Lucero (also an NU107 alumnus) in 1998. Although the group garnered some critical accolades, they have yet to record an album. He is currently part of Helenovela with former Orange and Lemons frontman Mcoy Fundales, now with KENYO and PESO Movement with Japs Sergio (on hiatus from Rivermaya) and former Jet Pangan Group Bassist Macky Macaventa.
Reyes was also a part of the supergroup Project 1.
Musical influences.
Reyes credits Ritchie Blackmore's solo on the intro to Deep Purple's "Speed King" as the moment when he decided he wanted to be a guitarist, although he was an obsessive Queen/Brian May fan as well. His early heroes included Eddie Van Halen and Gary Moore, and actually put electrical tape on his Telecaster copy à la Van Halen. His current influences are Pat Metheny, Eric Johnson, Robert Fripp, Allan Holdsworth, David Torn, Adrian Belew, Matthew Bellamy, Jonny Greenwood, Ed O'Brien, Nels Cline, and Jimi Hendrix.
Equipment used.
Electric guitars.
Reyes is currently an endorser for Hamer Guitars. He plays the Hamer Standard XT and Vector XT models.
His other guitars include a Squier Standard Telecaster, a Gretsch 5235T Pro Jet, a Dame Mind 505, and a pre-lawsuit Yamaha Lord Player. He also still has the Casio PG380 guitar synthesizer used during his first two years with The Dawn.
Other equipment.
Reyes also has a Vietnamese dan tranh, a Xaphoon pocket sax, and assorted small instruments such as a "kalimba" and tin whistle, all subtly used in The Dawn's recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="18314507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314507" title="Emanuele Fenzi">
Emanuele Fenzi

Emanuele Fenzi (1784–1875), was a leading Italian banker, iron producer, concessionaire of the Livorno–Florence railway and other railway enterprises, merchant for exportation of Tuscan products, and landowner. Made Senator of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany and later of the Kingdom of Italy, Knight of the Sacred Military Order of Saint Stephen, Pope and Martyr, and Knight of the Order of Saint Joseph. He lived in these places: Palazzo di Via San Gallo, Villa Rusciano Villa Fenzi at Sant’Andrea in Percussina, house in the city of Livorno. Great Grand Father of Ida Fenzi.
He was the son of judge and jurist Cav. Jacopo Orazio Fenzi, after the death of his father (1803) was only nineteen and having already to provide for the family. Having already proved himself a worthy entrepreneur under his fathers guidance, Count Fenzi acquired in 1805 the management of "Bosi, Mazzarelli & Co.", his keen entrepreneurial sense of initiative was soon rewarded by the economic flourish of the company. 
This was to mark the beginning of an unstoppable economic success. In 1810 he bought a building on Corso dei Tintori and married the daughter of a noble Milanese merchant Countess Ernesta Paffetta dei Lamberti; they had four children. The same year with some fellow members of "Bosi, Mazzarelli & Co" he founded "Bosi, Mazzarelli & Co.", specializing in the manufacture and sale of tobacco and gained the monopole of the tobacco industry within the Grand Duchy of Tuscany between 1814 and 1820.
By 1821, Fenzi was in a position to start up his own Bank: "Banca Fenzi", which was soon to branch out all over Italy and Europe. He opened a branch in "Piazza della Signoria" and from 1829 it acquired a Palazzo on Via San Gallo that was to become the "Palazzo Fenzi", that had been put up for sale after the extinction of the Marucelli family.
The Livorno banking house of Senn joined with the Florentine firm of Fenzi to secure the concession for the Strada Ferrata Leopolda, designed to link Leghorn with Florence by way of Empoli, and the line was begun in 1841, to be finished ultimately in June 1848. By 1845 the desire for a network of railways had led, according to one estimate, to sixteen projects which lay on the grand duke's desk for consideration.
In 1835 Fenzi seized the opportunity to finance the planned construction of the railway line between Florence and the port of Livorno, the Leopold railway, with the contractor Swiss French Pierre Senn of Livorno, hence entering into a contract with the Grand Ducal government in 1838. The railway was one of the first in Italy and was named Leopolda in honour of the Grand Duke Leopold II of Lorraine.
He had a career as a politician as member of the Tuscan Senate between 1848 and 1849 and was amongst the biggest supporters of the return of the Grand Duke in Tuscany. After the fall of the Grand Duke he became senator of the new Kingdom of Italy in 1860, having sworn loyalty to the new government.

</doc>
<doc id="18314524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314524" title="Koninklijke TNT Post">
Koninklijke TNT Post

Koninklijke TNT Post BV () was the former national postal company in the Netherlands, owned by TNT N.V. Until May 2011, it operated under the brand TNT Post and employed 75,000 people.
History.
In 1989, the state-run enterprise PTT became Royal PTT Netherlands (Koninklijke PTT Nederland: KPN), and the company was incorporated. In 1993, mail offices were privatised, and KPN was listed on the stock exchange in 1994. In 1996, the Australian company TNT was obtained through acquisition, and KPN became a subsidiary of TNT N.V.
On the eve of the new millennium, KPN was split to form two companies:
Until 2002 the national postal service of the Netherlands was called "PTT Post".
"TNT Post" became the new name of "TPG Post" on October 16, 2006. The old red TPG mailboxes were changed to the new orange TNT mailboxes throughout the country.
In May 2011, due to growing divergence of two major TNT N.V. divisions, mail and express, the company changed its name to PostNL, with demerging TNT Express.
Slogan.
"Sure we can" has been TNT Post's slogan since 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18314532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314532" title="Becoming (Ari Koivunen album)">
Becoming (Ari Koivunen album)

Becoming is the second album by Ari Koivunen, who won the 2007 Finnish Idols competition. The twelfth and final track on the album is an acoustic version of "The Evil That Men Do". The song is a cover song from the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. Ari previously had performed the song during the 2007 Finnish Idols competition, but the album version is an acoustic arrangement and has a slightly altered organization of the lyrics. 

</doc>
<doc id="18314543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314543" title="Live instrumentation">
Live instrumentation

In music, live instrumentation is the use of acoustic and electronic musical instruments in live music and recording rather than DJing, sampling, and other recording techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="18314561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314561" title="Silverwood, Ayrshire">
Silverwood, Ayrshire

Silverwood in the Parish of Kilmarnock lies in East Ayrshire, Scotland. This was once a small estate with a mansion house; it is now a farm. The plantation nearby is named after it.
History.
The estate.
Timothy Pont's map of circa 1654 (See illustration) shows 'Sylverwood' with wooded policies and a pale encircling it on three sides, the Templeton Burn forming the boundary to the West. The land is referred to in 1691 as being the three pound land of old extent. In circa 1640 Hew Montgomerie of Silverwood was one of the rentallers of Grougar and the valuation was £76 9s 4d. 
The lands in 1640 lay in the Bailliary of Kilwinning and the regality of Torphichen; regality being defined as a territorial jurisdiction of a royal nature conferred by the sovereign, here the jurisdiction was over lands which had belonged to the Knights Templar. The regality was called Temple-Cuninghame.
Hew (Hugh) Montgomerie of Silverwood was the brother of Robert Montgomerie of Hessilhead and in 1672 he was heir to the hereditary bailieship of all the Temple lands and tenements within the Bailiary of Cuninghame and regality of Kilwinning. He was Sheriff Depute of Renfrewshire and as such was involved in a number of contemporary court cases. Hugh's wife was a Helen Tran and his son was Alexander Montgomerie. Hugh stood as a witness to his brother being invested in the Barony of Giffen on 19 June 1663.
Temple-Cuninghame was a tenandry in that the land and other property, etc. was let for rent, rather than retained in the superior’s own hands. In 1614 Hugh had given a bell to Beith (Old Kirk), inscribed "THIS . BELL . WAS . GIVEN . BY . HUGH MONTGOMERIE . SON . TO . HESSILHEAD . ANNO . 1614 ."
In 1691 John Cuming was laird of Silverwood. He was the son of Matthew Cuming, a merchant in Glasgow, and held the lands at an annual rent of £78 16s 5d. His mother was Jean Howatt to whom the lands had passed via her grandfather, James Howatt. The Hearth Tax records for this year show the 'Lands of Silverwood' had ten dwellings; one hearth each for Silverwood and Templeton, four for Milton.
Aiton records that Silverwood Farm was 73 acres in extent and prior to 1776 was leased for £5 and 5 bolls of meal per annum for a 19 year period; it had risen to £200 per annum in 1811.
By 1876 the lands of Silverwood had become part of the estates belonging to the Duke of Portland. The 6 inch OS maps of the 19th century show a formal laid out garden with a nearby orchard.
Silverwood Farm is now (2008) privately owned.
William Aiton (sheriff), author in the early 1800s of ‘A Treatise on Moss-earth’; ‘General View of the Agriculture of the County of Ayr’; ‘General View of the Agriculture of the County of Bute’; ‘A History of the Rencounter at Drumclog and Battle at Bothwell Bridge’; ‘An Inquiry into the Pedigree of the Hamilton Family’; and an ‘Inquiry into the House of Aiton in Scotland,’ was from Silverwood.
Silverwood.
It is not certain how the name arose, however the name may indicate a link to Silver Birch trees which give a silver appearance, especially in winter, at a distance. This species would have predominated in the Templetonburn Glen as the typical climactic vegetation for this habitat when the area was less well drained and free from artificial plantings.
Natural history of the Templeton burn and Silverwood.
The Silverwood and Hillhouse plantations make up the Templetonburn Wildlife Site which as the map shows, contains a good biodiversity, despite the predominance of pine trees, especially Scots Pine, in many areas. Species include Roe deer, Enchanter's Nightshade, oak, blackthorn, bracken, Stinkhorn fungus ("Phallus impudicus") and the Oak apple Gall, unusual in the Scottish context. Buzzards are found here, the rotten pine trunks show much woodpecker activity and badgers setts are present; the badgers clearly being persecuted by unknown persons (2008). The Templetonburn joins the River Irvine shortly after leaving the wood. The wood contains what appears to be the remains of an old march dyke and several depressions within the site are suggestive of old limestone workings.
Templetonburn.
Several properties of this name have existed nearby over the years. The 1901 Templetonburn House was designed by James K. Hunter and was one of his finest works. It was destroyed by fire shortly before it was due to open as a hotel.
Grougar.
This was a valuable Barony, linked to Lambroughton through it having been part of the possessions of the De Morvilles up until the time of King Robert the Bruce. In 1320 Sir Robert Cuninghame of Kilmaurs held the lands and later the Logans of Restalrig came into possession. William Blane of Grougar held the lands in 1876. The present Baron of Grougar is Professor David McLean. The property of never seems to have had a manor house built upon it. Grougar Mains Farm borders the East side of Silverwood plantation.
The 70 acres of the lands of Caprickhill lay in the barony of Grougar, including Holmhead and Miltonmill. In 1742 these lands had belonged to Thomas Millar and were sold to William Wallace for £170; in 1811 the properties were worth £7,000. Laighmilton also lay in Grougar and in 1766 its rental was 1s 8d per acre, rising to £4 per acre in 1811.

</doc>
<doc id="18314575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314575" title="Lake Varese">
Lake Varese

Varese Lake () is a lake of glacial origin in Lombardy, in the north of Italy. It has an area of 14.5 km², a medium depth of 11 m, and a maximum depth of 23 m.

</doc>
<doc id="18314583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314583" title="Sindhi Language Authority">
Sindhi Language Authority

Sindhi Language Authority (SLA) () is an autonomous body under the administrative control of the Department of Culture, Tourism and Youth Affairs of the Government of Sindh province in Pakistan. There is a Board of Governors to frame the policies for achieving the aims and objectives of Authority and ensure their implementation. First Board of Governors was constituted under the Chairmanship of renowned scholar and writer Dr. Nabi Bux Khan Baloch.
Since the establishment of Sindhi language authority, different scholars and writers were appointed as its Chairman, who have contributed to the development and promotion of the Sindhi language. The present chairperson is Prof. Dr. Fahmida Hussain.
Sindhi language.
Sindhi is one of the major languages of Pakistan, spoken in the province of Sindh by approximately forty million people. It is one of the oldest language of the sub-continent with a rich culture, vast folklore and extensive literature.
Linguistic boundaries.
Sindhi has extended its boundaries beyond the province of Sindh . In northern Sindh it flows over the north-west into Balochistan province, former Bahawalpur state (now in Punjab), on the west it is bounded by the mountain range separating Sindh from Balochistan.
This boundary has not been crossed by Sindhi, except in the southern part of the hilly area of Kohistan. Here in general, the language spoken is Balochi but Sindhi is also spoken by a large number of population. It is spoken as mother tongue in some parts of Balochistan. It has spread its influence still further towards the Persian Gulf in the Lasbella area of Balochistan and is spoken as a first language along with Makrani coast by a large number of people in Jadgal, Gwadar, Ormara and Pasni, and has crossed the Gulf and is spoken in Muskat, UAE and generally in the coastal region.
In the east and south-west, Sindhi has crossed the Rann of Kutch and is spoken by a large number of people in Kucch, Gujarat and the peninsula of Kathiawar in India. In the east, it has influenced the speech of the neighbouing parts of Marwar and Jaisalmir states of Rajasthan (Rajputana in India).
After the independence of Pakistan, numerous Sindhi Hindus migrated from Sindh and settled in the central and western parts of India and they speak Sindhi at home. In 2010, the estimated population of Sindhi Hindus in Ulhasnagar in India was 400,000. It is also spoken by approximately 400,000 people as their first language, in Tanzania, Kenya, Uganda, Congo, South Africa, Madagascar, East Africa, U.K., U.S.A. and Canada by those who have migrated from Sindh and settled there. It is also spoken in Hong Kong, Singapore, Thailand, Sri Lanka and in some other countries in Far-East and South East-Asia by those people who have settled there in the first quarter of the 20th century or even earlier.
List of SLA chairpersons.
Since the establishment of Sindhi Language Authority below mentioned Scholars were appointed as Chairman whereas Prof. Dr. Fahmida Hussain is the sitting Chairperson.

</doc>
<doc id="18314594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314594" title="Azadi Indoor Stadium">
Azadi Indoor Stadium

The Azadi Indoor Stadium is an indoor sports arena in Tehran, Iran. The facility seats over
12,000 people.This indoor stadium is located within the Azadi Sport Complex. It is mainly used for volleyball and futsal matches, but occasionally basketball games are played here.

</doc>
<doc id="18314600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314600" title="Central Institute of Fisheries Education">
Central Institute of Fisheries Education

The Central Institute of Fisheries Education (CIFE) is the only Deemed University for fisheries science in India. It is an institution of higher learning for fisheries science in India. CIFE has over four decades of leadership in HRD with its alumni aiding the development of fisheries and aquaculture world wide, and has notable research and technological advancements to its credit.
The institute is one of the four main institutes under the Indian Council for Agricultural Research (ICAR); the other three being the Indian Veterinary Research Institute (IVRI), The National Dairy Research Institute (NDRI) and the Indian Agriculture Research Institute (IARI)
A total of four subcentres operate under CIFE, including ones at Kolkata (West Bengal), Rohtak (Haryana), Kakinada (Andhra Pradesh) and Powerkheda (Madhya Pradesh).
History.
Originally instituted in 1961 as an inservice training centre to impart proficient training and education to fisheries professionals so as to equip them to face the growing challenges in the Fisheries sector. Taking its efforts of almost twenty years into consideration, CIFE came under the administrative control of the Indian Council for Agricultural Research (ICAR). It was then conferred Deemed University status in 1989 by the University Grants Commission (UGC). Since then, the Deemed University included both Research and Education in its mandate. It has since made a significant contribution in enriching the quality of fisheries education.
Education Programs.
CIFE offers Master of Fisheries Science (M.F.Sc) and PhD programs in specialised branches of fisheries science, undertakes research, conducts capacity enhancement programs, and provides technical support and consultancy to development agencies, fishers, farmers and entrepreneurs. With a team of dedicated scientists and state-of-art infrastructure facilities, CIFE is partnering the knowledge led revolution in order to create fisheries and aquaculture based sustainable rural livelihoods and to ensure food and nutritional security.

</doc>
<doc id="18314637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314637" title="Fuel for the Fire">
Fuel for the Fire

Fuel for the Fire may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18314641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314641" title="2nd (Rawalpindi) Division">
2nd (Rawalpindi) Division

The 2nd (Rawalpindi) Division was a regular army division of the British Indian Army. It was formed in 1903 after the Kitchener reforms of the Indian Army. During World War I it remained in India for local defence but it was mobilised for action on the North West Frontier on several occasions during the period. The Division was mobilised in 1919 for service during the Third Afghan War.

</doc>
<doc id="18314649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314649" title="William Sheldon (Irish politician)">
William Sheldon (Irish politician)

William Alexander Watson Sheldon (18 January 1907 – 1 November 1999) was an Irish politician and farmer. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1943 general election as a Clann na Talmhan Teachta Dála (TD) for the Donegal East constituency. He was re-elected as an independent TD at the 1944, 1948, 1951, 1954 and 1957 general elections. He did not contest the 1961 general election as the constituency was reduced from 4 to 3 seats but was nominated by the Taoiseach, Seán Lemass to the 10th Seanad. He was re-nominated to the Seanad in 1965 and 1969, and he retired from politics in 1973. He was also a member of Donegal County Council from 1945 to 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="18314742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314742" title="Joe Just">
Joe Just

Joseph Erwin Just (born Joseph Erwin Juszczak) (January 8, 1916 – November 22, 2003) was a Major League Baseball catcher who broke into the Major Leagues on May 13, 1944, with the Cincinnati Reds of the National League. Just appeared in 25 games over two years with the Reds during World War II and returned to the minor leagues when the majority of players returned from military service. Later, Just managed various Milwaukee Braves minor league teams from to .

</doc>
<doc id="18314758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314758" title="Live at the Caledonien Hall">
Live at the Caledonien Hall

Live at the Caledonien Hall is a live album by Norwegian avant-garde metal band In the Woods..., released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18314763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314763" title="Synthetic Men of Mars">
Synthetic Men of Mars

Synthetic Men of Mars is a science fantasy novel by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs, the ninth of his Barsoom series. It was first published in the magazine "Argosy Weekly" in six parts in early 1939. The first complete edition of the novel was published in 1940 by Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Despite a successful career stretching back more than two decades, Burroughs had trouble finding a publisher for the serialized version of the novel. Both "Liberty" and "Blue Book" turned him down; "Argosy" was his third choice. He received US$1200 for the magazine rights.
Plot.
Like several previous novels in the Barsoom series, "Synthetic Men" introduces a completely new character as its protagonist: Vor Daj, a "padwar" (warrior) from Helium and a member of John Carter's personal guard. Vor Daj narrates the action in the first person, so that when John Carter appears in the story, he is described in the third person (unlike other Barsoomian novels that feature Carter as the first-person narrator). The novel also brings back a familiar character, Ras Thavas, the amoral mad scientist from the earlier novel "The Master Mind of Mars".
John Carter and Vor Daj seek Thavas's surgical aid for Carter's wife Dejah Thoris, injured in an accident. Thavas, however, proves hard to find. Since the events of "Master Mind" he has transferred his base to a hidden location, which is ultimately found to be the dead city of Morbus in the Toonolian Marshes. There he has been experimenting in growing monstrous synthetic human beings called hormads. The most intelligent of these turn on him and force him to grow an army of hormads with which to conquer Barsoom. They also force their captive to transplant their brains into the bodies of imprisoned normal Martians.
Captured by the hormads and imprisoned with Ras Thavas, Carter and Daj plot with the scientist against the synthetic man. Vor Daj's brain is transplaneted into the body of a hormad named Tor-dur-bar to enable him spy on their captors, and his adventures form the bulk of the story. He falls in love with a fellow captive, the red woman Janai of Amhor, but his love seems hopeless while his consciousness resides in the body of a monster, particularly after it seems that his original body has been destroyed.
Meanwhile, Carter and Thavas escape; the latter cures Dejah Thoris, and the two ultimately return to Morbus with a great fleet of airships from Helium. Vor Daj is recovered and Morbus, which has been overrun by a huge mass of cancerously growing hormad flesh, is destroyed with incendiary bombs. Ras Thavas then restores Vor Daj to his original body, freeing him to wed Janai.
Themes.
The novel explores of the potential dangers of tissue grown in vats as well as cloning and genetic engineering, years before these themes became commonplace in science fiction. Nevertheless, Burroughs' treatment is well within the tradition of scientist-created monsters going back to Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein", including his own earlier novel "The Monster Men".
Reception.
Reception of the novel has been mixed. A noted Burroughs scholar, Richard Lupoff, concludes that the novel "has little to recommend it." On the other hand, Burroughs' biographer, John Taliaferro, regards "Synthetic Men" as "imaginative," and considers it superior to his other work of the late 1930s.
Copyright.
The copyright for this story has expired in Australia, and thus now resides in the public domain there. The text is available via Project Gutenberg Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18314768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314768" title="Boris Koutzen">
Boris Koutzen

Boris Koutzen (1 April 1901 – 10 December 1966) was a Russian-American violinist composer and music educator.
Biography.
Koutzen was born in Uman, Southern Russia. He began composing at the age of six and studied violin with his father. In 1918 his family moved to Moscow, where Boris entered the Moscow Conservatory to study violin with Leo Zetlin, and composition with Reinhold Glière. That same year, he won the national competition for the position of first violin in the State Opera House Orchestra, and later joined the Moscow Symphony Orchestra under Serge Koussevitzky.
In the fall of 1923 Koutzen came to the United States and became a member of the first violin section of the Philadelphia orchestra under Leopold Stokowski. From 1937 until 1945 he was a member of the NBC Symphony Orchestra under Arturo Toscanini. Mr. Koutzen was head of the violin department of the Philadelphia Conservatory from 1925-1962. In 1944 he joined the faculty of Vassar College, where he taught violin and conducted the Vassar orchestra until 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="18314776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314776" title="42nd Military Police Brigade (United States)">
42nd Military Police Brigade (United States)

The 42nd Military Police Brigade is a military police brigade of the United States Army based at Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Washington. It is a subordinate unit of I Corps.
First activated as a customs unit in post-World War II Germany, the brigade has a long history with United States Army Europe. Its duties as a customs unit meant that the unit was garrisoned in Germany for over forty years from 1950 until 1990, never seeing action in the American operations in the Korean War, Vietnam War, or the Persian Gulf War. It was deactivated during the post-Cold War drawdown of the U.S. military.
Reactivated in 2004, the brigade provides corrections and force protection for both I Corps and Joint Base Lewis-McChord. The brigade and its subordinate units have seen several tours in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom.
Organization.
The brigade is a subordinate unit of the I Corps, and is separate, meaning that it does not report to a division level headquarters, even during theater operations.
The brigade contains four prime components, all headquartered at Joint Base Lewis-McChord. The Brigade's three permanently assigned MP battalions are the 504th and 508th Military Police Battalions at Joint Base Lewis-McChord and the 759th Military Police Battalion at Fort Carson. The Brigade also contains a Force Protection unit and a detachment for the Brigade's Provost Marshal.
History.
Origins.
The 42nd Military Police Group traces its lineage back to the 7751st Military Police Detachment, which was established on 21 March 1949, to fight organized and widespread black-market activities which posed a serious threat to the German economy. The unit enforced USEUCOM Customs Regulations, investigated violations, controlled parcel post shipments of black marketable goods, and manned twenty-three border stations used by US military personnel crossing the international borders of Post-World War II, US occupied Germany.
In August 1950, the US High Commission for Germany requested the services of the "Customs Unit," later designated as the 42d Military Police Detachment, to control the eastward movement of restricted goods to "Satellite Bloc" countries. With the increase in tensions between the United States and the Soviet Union, this function was important to US interests in Europe. On 1 November 1952, the detachment was relieved of its strategic export control function, which was subsequently was resumed by German authorities. In May 1955, Germany regained sovereignty over its land from US Military forces. The rights, privileges, and obligations of the foreign forces and their members stationed in Germany were then based on the Bonn forces convention, the forerunner of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Status of Forces Agreement (NATO SOFA) and the supplementary agreement that followed. As a result, the unit was charged with establishing customs controls within Germany. It was because of this responsibility that the unit would never be deployed in support of the Korean War or the Vietnam War.
Cold War years.
On 25 January 1968, Headquarters and Headquarters Detachment, 42nd Military Police Group was constituted in the Regular Army and activated in Germany. The group was charged with providing customs enforcement and maintaining liaison and cooperation with German customs authorities at all levels. In addition, the group is responsible for establishing customs policies and procedures for the Federal Republic of Germany and to negotiate with German authorities on questions of procedure and US forces entitlements arising from tax and customs issues within the NATO Status of Forces Agreement. It received a Meritorious Unit Commendation for its outstanding job performing this role. In 1969, the group received its own distinctive unit insignia.
On 1 July 1974, the 42d Military Police Group was transferred to the 15th Military Police Brigade, retaining its missions and affiliation with United States Army Europe. On 13 December 1974, drug suppression and anti-hijacking protection were added to the missions of the 42d Military Police Group. On 1 June 1976, relieved from it assignment to 15th MP Brigade, the 42nd MP Group was reassigned to US Army Europe and Seventh Army and, on 21 October 1977, placed under the 21st Support Command.
On 1 December 1977, the Commander of the 42nd MP Group became the Executive Agent for all customs matters in US European Command. As the Executive Agent, the group commander provided staff supervision over the US Military Customs inspection programs in 11 countries throughout Europe. This responsibility included staff supervision of 169 military customs inspection programs operated by the US Army, US Navy and US Air Force.
On 21 January 1978, the 42d MP Group was reassigned to Headquarters, US Army Europe/7th Army (Office of the Deputy Commander in Chief) and converted into a major command. In August 1983, the Commander of the 42d Military Police Group was also designated the USAREUR Executive Agent for customs for US Forces personnel in Germany.
The brigade's responsibilities in Europe prevented it from being deployed in the Gulf War although many of its soldiers did participate in customs clearing much of the cargo and equipment that the US forces shipped back to the USA after the war. In August 1994, the 42nd Military Police Group was deactivated with the military drawdown of US Military forces in Europe. In May 2004, the still inactive unit was redesignated as a brigade, in preparation for its reactivation that fall.
Operation Iraqi Freedom.
In late June 2004, the 1st Military Police Brigade (Provisional) based at Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Washington, received word that it would be reflagged as the 42nd Military Police Brigade. On 15 October 2004 the provisional brigade was deactivated and the 42d Military Police Brigade was activated as the I Corps Military Police Brigade. The next day, the brigade received its own shoulder sleeve insignia. Responsibilities of the Brigade at Joint Base Lewis-McChord include the direction of inter-service corrections operations at the Northwestern Joint Regional Corrections Facility, as well as emergency services and force protection operations for the Joint Base Lewis-McChord area. The unit received word from the Department of the Army that it would deploy to Iraq less than thirty days after activation.
The 42nd Military Police Brigade deployed to Baghdad, Iraq from November 2004 to November 2005 in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, relieving the 89th Military Police Brigade which had previously been assigned there. The brigade operated out of Forward Operating Base Volunteer during its tour. During this tour, subordinate units of the brigade were responsible for training cadets of the Baghdad civilian Police department. This training included law training, human rights education, first aid, and weapons training on Glock-19s and AK-47s. They also had a counter-terrorism class for Iraqi officers. During the assignment, the brigade suffered several casualties, including multiple Soldiers killed by improvised explosive devices, and another Soldier killed in a rocket-propelled grenade attack. Their organizational operation during the deployment received praise, and was the basis for the organization of subsequent Military Police brigades that deployed. After its return from Iraq, the Brigade's operations were assumed by the 49th Military Police Brigade. The brigade received another Meritorious Unit Commendation for its work during the deployment.
The brigade received orders to deploy to Iraq again in spring of 2008. Its assignment was to conduct theater wide internment facility and reconciliation center operations, as well as managing the Iraqi Correctional Officer Training academies. Subordinate units of the Brigade have been deploying to Iraq regularly. The 571st MP Company deployed for 15 months, from November 2006 until January 2008. The 504th MP Battalion deployed to Iraq in July 2007. Also deployed were the 54th and 170th Military Police Companies.
On 16 March 2008, the brigade deployed again to Iraq, assuming command of Task Force Bucca from the 300th Military Police Brigade. The 42nd MP Brigade operated out of Forward Operating Base Bucca, located in the southeastern corner of Iraq near the port of Umm Qasr and the border with Kuwait. Duties of the Brigade during this deployment included force protection, operation of internment facilities, and detainee reconciliation, teaching Iraqi prisoners to read and write and training them in technical skills that will boost their employment potential. During the deployment, soldiers of the brigade worked closely with Iraqi police forces and United States Navy forces to operate the facilities. On 2 June 2009, the brigade cased its colors and transferred command of Task Force Bucca to the 89th MP Brigade Tactical Actions Center. The brigade redeployed to Joint Base Lewis-McChord in mid-June. The brigade received another Meritorious Unit Commendation for its work during the deployment.
Operation Enduring Freedom.
The brigade was scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan in winter of 2012. 
Subordinate units of the brigade have been deploying to Afghanistan regularly. The HHD, 504th Military Police Battalion and 170th Military Police Company deployed to Afghanistan in June 2010 for 12 months. Also deployed was the 54th and the 595th Military Police Company. The 67th Military Police Company (I/R) is currently deployed to Camp Sabalu-Harrison, Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18314784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314784" title="Savin Rock">
Savin Rock

Savin Rock is a section of West Haven, Connecticut. 
It was the site of the Savin Rock Amusement Park, which began in the late 19th century as a regionally renowned seaside resort. It evolved into a general amusement park in the 20th century and eventually closed in 1966. 
The park ran along the west side of New Haven Harbor beachfront and is today a walk and bike path. One of the last reminders of the area is Jimmie's of Savin Rock, a restaurant known for its seafood and split hot dogs.

</doc>
<doc id="18314818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314818" title="Fort Pitt Foundry">
Fort Pitt Foundry

The Fort Pitt Foundry was a nineteenth-century iron foundry in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It was originally established at Fifth Avenue and Smithfield Street in 1804 by Joseph McClurg, grandfather of Joseph W. McClurg. It was later moved to the area of Pittsburgh now known as the Strip District at 12th and Etna. It was an early producer of ordinance for the United States, and manufactured cannonballs for Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry's forces in the War of 1812. It was best known for the manufacture of large cannon. One of the largest was a 20 inch bore Rodman Gun, a large black powder, smoothbore, muzzle-loading coastal defense gun.
The foundry was closed after the Civil War ended. It was eventually sold to a rival in 1878.

</doc>
<doc id="18314820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314820" title="Offroad Extreme! Special Edition">
Offroad Extreme! Special Edition

Offroad Extreme! Special Edition is a budget racing title developed by Data Design Interactive and published by Conspiracy Entertainment for Wii.
Gameplay.
You tilt the Wii Remote to control a variety of trucks, jeeps, and buggys.
Reception.
The game was received very poorly, with IGN mentioning that it looked like an N-Gage game due to extremely low-polygon graphics and poor frame rate. Mark Bozon commented that "...the fact (is) that Offroad Extreme is a perfect drunk driving simulator in its completely broken tilt control".
References.
http://wii.ign.com/articles/840/840524p1.html

</doc>
<doc id="18314832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314832" title="Fuel for the Fire (Ari Koivunen album)">
Fuel for the Fire (Ari Koivunen album)

Fuel for the Fire is the first album by Ari Koivunen, the winner of the 2007 Finnish Idols competition.
Among the metal artists who have contributed material to the album are Timo Tolkki (ex Stratovarius, Revolution Renaissance), Marco Hietala (Nightwish, Tarot, Northern Kings), Janne Joutsenniemi (Suburban Tribe), Tony Kakko (Sonata Arctica, Northern Kings) and Jarkko Ahola (Teräsbetoni, Northern Kings).

</doc>
<doc id="18314834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314834" title="Jenkins v. Georgia">
Jenkins v. Georgia

Jenkins v. Georgia, , was a United States Supreme Court case overturning a Georgia Supreme Court ruling regarding the depiction of sexual conduct in the film "Carnal Knowledge".
The changes in the morals of American society of the 1960s and 1970s and the general receptiveness to the public to frank discussion of sexual issues was sometimes at odds with local community standards. A theatre in Albany, Georgia showed the film. On January 13, 1972, the local police served a search warrant on the theatre, and seized the film. In March 1972, the theatre manager, Mr. Jenkins, was convicted of the crime of "distributing obscene material". His conviction was upheld by the Supreme Court of Georgia. 
On June 24, 1974, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the State of Georgia had gone too far in classifying material as obscene in view of its prior decision in "Miller v. California", (the "Miller" standard), and overturned the conviction. The court said, 

</doc>
<doc id="18314865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314865" title="Nehanda Radio">
Nehanda Radio

Nehanda Radio is a Zimbabwean online radio station that provides 24 hour updated news on Zimbabwe. The station is run by journalist Fortune Tazvida and includes contributions from Never Kadungure, Brilliant Pongo, Emmanuel Magaisa, Msekiwa Makwanya and others. 
The project also recently launched Nehanda TV which aims at promoting Zimbabwean videos. This is important for the voice of democracy and freedom of information in emerging democracies such as Zimbabwe. Zimbabwe has harsh Media laws and projects like Nehanda radio serve to keep Zimbabweans informed.

</doc>
<doc id="18314892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314892" title="Indo G">
Indo G

Indo G (born c. 1973 Birth Name Tobian Tools ) is a rapper from Memphis, Tennessee. First hitting the Memphis rap scene with fellow Memphian, Lil' Blunt, in the mid-1990s, they released two albums on Luke Records, "Up In Smoke" (1995) and "The Antidote" (1995). Soon after, Indo G became affiliated with Three 6 Mafia and released "Angel Dust" in 1998. However, the relationship between Three 6 and Indo deteriorated they no longer work together.

</doc>
<doc id="18314899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314899" title="Connectomics">
Connectomics

Connectomics is the production and study of connectomes: comprehensive maps of connections within an organism's nervous system, typically its brain or eye. Because these structures are extremely complex, methods within this field use a high-throughput application of neural imaging and histological techniques in order to increase the speed, efficiency, and resolution of maps of the multitude of neural connections in a nervous system. While the principal focus of such a project is the brain, any neural connections could theoretically be mapped by connectomics, including, for example, neuromuscular junctions.
Tools.
One of the main tools used for connectomics research at the macroscale level is diffusion MRI. The main tool for connectomics research at the microscale level is 3D electron microscopy. To see one of the first micro-connectomes at full-resolution, visit the Open Connectome Project, which is hosting several connectome datasets, including the 12TB dataset from Bock et al. (2011).
Model Systems.
Aside from the human brain, some of the model systems used for connectomics research are the mouse, the fruit fly, the nematode "C. elegans", and the barn owl.
Applications.
By comparing diseased connectome and healthy connectomes, we should gain insight into certain psychopathologies, such as neuropathic pain, and potential therapies for them. Generally, the field of neuroscience would benefit from standardization and raw data. For example, connectome maps can be used to inform computational models of whole-brain dynamics. Current neural networks mostly rely on probabilistic representations of connectivity patterns. Connectograms (circular diagrams of connectomics) have been used in traumatic brain injury cases to document the extent of damage to neural networks.
Criticism.
The use of the word -omics to describe this system has been criticized. The coinage of the word is seen in two sources, in an article by Olaf Sporns and a PhD thesis by Patric Hagmann.
Others have criticized attempts towards a microscale connectome, arguing that we don't have enough knowledge about where to look for insights, or that it cannot be completed within a realistic time frame.
Comparison to genomics.
The human genome project initially faced many of the above criticisms, but was nevertheless completed ahead of schedule and has led to many advances in genetics. Some have argued that analogies can be made between genomics and connectomics, and therefore we should be at least slightly more optimistic about the prospects in connectomics.

</doc>
<doc id="18314929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314929" title="René Klomp">
René Klomp

René Klomp (Nieuwenhoorn, 16 August 1974) is a former Dutch football player.
He played for the amateurs of VV Nieuwenhoorn, to end up afterwards for the youth of Sparta Rotterdam, Feyenoord and PSV. During the season 1992-1993 he made his debut for PSV and played that season nine games for the head power. The season afterwards he was let to Sparta Rotterdam.
The two seasons afterwards he totally played ona game for PSV Eindhoven. He continued its career in Belgium. He played successively for SK Lommel, KRC Harelbeke and Eendracht Aalst. In 2002, he moved to the Cypriot competition, to play for a year at Ethnikos Achnas. He closed his career finished at the Belgian third class serum KVSK United in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18314935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314935" title="Csárdás (Liszt)">
Csárdás (Liszt)

The three csárdás that Franz Liszt wrote in 1881-2 and 1884 are solo piano pieces based on the Hungarian dance form of the same name. Liszt treats the dance form itself much less freely than he did much earlier with the "verbunkos" in the Hungarian Rhapsodies, and the material itself remains more specifically Hungarian than gypsy in thematic material. Their spare lines, angular rhythms and advanced harmonies show these pieces to be direct ancestors of the compositions of Béla Bartók. Because of these attributes, the csárdás are considered by Liszt scholars among the more interesting of the composer's late output. 
One potential pitfall in discussing these works is labeling them as atonal on the basis of hearing strange sonorities at the surface of the music. The "Csárdás macabre", for instance, is solidly based on compositional procedures consistent with Liszt's earlier style. The music focuses on variant forms of the mediant with concomittant contrast of sharp and flat key areas—in this case F major, F-sharp minor and G-flat major.
The csárdás.
Csárdás macabre, S.224 (1881-82).
This is perhaps the best-known of the three csárdás. The piece is written in a miniature sonata form, with the bare fifths at the opening without precedent in Liszt's output. Still more intriguing is the second-subject stage of the structure; this is either a parody of the "Dies irae" or a quotation from the Hungarian folk song, ""Ég a kunyhó, ropog a nád."" Both theories have their advocates. The composer did not indicate what he meant, though he did write on the manuscript after he had finished it, "May one write or listen to such a thing?" A favorite question of some critics is whether the fifth of the opening bar is a flattened supertonic appoggiatura or as an actual tonic. Such tonal ambiguities become common in Liszt's late works.
Two Csárdás, S.225 (1884).
1. Csárdás.
Less known than either of the other dances, this csárdás is a short Allegro beginning as though it would be in A minor. It passes to A major, then ends quietly but unsettled on F-sharp minor after much sequential modulation.
2. Csárdás obstinée.
This csárdás begins with a repeated F-sharp, essentially taking up where the first dance left off, before an ostinato accompaniment begins. An F-sharp major triad in the left hand is contrasted with a falling phrase beginning with an A natural in the right hand. The piece on the whole is written in B minor-major, with major and minor chords being struck simultaneously, a device Liszt came to use with increasingly frequency. Before the coda, the theme is transformed in B major in repeated octaves. Some critics consider this work more interesting musically than its more famous cousin, the "Csárdás macabre". The piece is, for lack of a better term, obsessed with a four-note motif presented at the beginning of the piece, and the work's tonal excursions into the mediant and submediant place the music procedurally somewhere between Schumann and Mahler.
The first recordings of these two Csárdás was by France Clidat in her traversal of Liszt's works for Decca.

</doc>
<doc id="18314938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314938" title="Trwyn Du Lighthouse">
Trwyn Du Lighthouse

Trwyn Du Lighthouse is a lighthouse between Dinmor Point near Penmon and Ynys Seriol, or Puffin Island, south east Anglesey, at the north entrance to the Menai Strait (grid reference: SH 6 44815) and marking the passage between the two islands.
History of site.
There had been a call for a light at this location for some years by master shipmen in the nearby city of Liverpool especially after the steamer the "Rothsay Castle" ran aground and broke up nearby in 1831 with 130 people losing their lives. The first lighthouse was erected in 1838, at a price of £11,589.
Present lighthouse.
The present Lighthouse is 29m tall and was designed by James Walker and built in 1835-1838. It was his first sea-washed tower, and a prototype for his more ambitious tower on the Smalls. 
The Lighthouse has a stepped base designed to discourage the huge upsurge of waves that had afflicted earlier lighthouses on the site and reduce the force of the water at the bottom of the tower.
Austere vertical walls, instead of the usual graceful lines of other rock towers, are probably an economy measure. The tower has a crenellated stone parapet, in preference to iron railings on the gallery, and narrows in diameter above the half-way point. These are a features used by Walker in his other lighthouse designs. The tower is distinguished by its original three black bands painted on a white background.
Walker also pioneered, unsuccessfully, the use of a primitive water closet, comprising a specially designed drain exiting at the base of the tower. The stepped design of the lighthouse may have helped water exit the closet, but surges of seawater made its use difficult during heavy weather.
One of the many Lighthouse keepers was Joseph Steer, born in 1831 at Bovey Tracey, Devon.(source UK census of 1881)
More details of the lighthouse can be found at http://www.penmon.org/page6.htm
Modernisation.
The lamp was converted to solar power in 1996 and the lighthouse was modernised extensively at that time. 
At present the Lighthouse has a 15,000 candela light that can be seen away and a 178 kilogram fog bell that sounds once every thirty seconds. There was also a lifeboat station built in 1832, nearby, but this closed in 1915.
The tower has been unmanned since 1922 and is checked from Holyhead Control Centre.
Access and facilities.
Dinmor Point is accessible by heading east out of Beaumaris and through Llangoed. For a small fee you can go along a toll road and park very close to the lighthouse or park for free about a mile from the lighthouse. The area around Dinmor contains a cafe, shop and toilets and is good for fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="18314940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314940" title="Mark Addy (Albert Medal)">
Mark Addy (Albert Medal)

Mark Addy AM (1838 – 9 June 1890) was a publican and champion oarsman, from Manchester, England, who was awarded the Albert Medal (lifesaving) (AM), and a number of other honours, for the rescue of over 50 people from the then highly-polluted River Irwell in the 19th century. The Albert Medal was later superseded by the George Cross as the highest civilian or non-combat gallantry award in the British honours system.
Early life.
Addy was born in 1838 at 2, Stage Buildings, The Parsonage, an Italianate-style tenement on the banks of the River Irwell near Blackfriars Bridge in Manchester, England. His father was a boatman, also named Mark Addy, and young Mark assisted him with the family boat-hire business on the river. At the age of 13, Addy, rescued one of his friends, John Booth, who had fallen into the Irwell, which ran along the side of his house. Although Mark was himself unable to swim he effected the rescue by wading out up to his chin and pulling the lad ashore. The same boy was rescued by Addy some time later, when he fell into a pool of deep water, but this time Mark floated out on a plank to rescue him.
Later life.
In his teens Addy learned to swim at Greengate Baths in Salford, and over the next few years became an expert swimmer. He also became a proficient oarsman and, in addition to various successes at local regattas, he beat David Coombes (son of champion sculler, Robert Coombes) in the Thames Championship for £200, and Ted May (author of "Ted May's Useful Little Book") over the same course for £100. He was the head of the famous "Colleen Bawn" crew, who were so named when the proprietor of Queen's Theatre in Manchester gave a prize, on condition that the winning crew became known by the name of his latest theatre production. After marrying, Mark moved across the river to Ordsall in Salford and became the landlord of the Old Boathouse Inn in Everard Street off Ordsall Lane, but due to its close proximity to the river, he continued to carry out a series of rescues. Although in Mark's youth the river was relatively clean, as the Industrial Revolution progressed it became more and more polluted, and indeed when the Suez Canal was opened in 1869, the Irwell was jokingly renamed the ""Sewage Canal"". However, the increasingly poisonous condition of the river did not seem to deter him from plunging in at a moment's notice:
In 1872 or 1873 a drunken and mentally unstable woman threw herself in the river in an attempt at suicide. Due to her struggles to fight him off, Mark was almost drowned himself, but despite the cries of onlookers to leave her and save himself, he subdued her and brought her ashore.
On another occasion Addy was roused from his sleep by a boatman who informed him that a woman was drowning in the river. Rushing out in his night-clothes, he rowed out to the woman but was unable to get her into the boat as she weighed over 17 stones (238 lbs.), so, holding her head out of the water with one hand, he rowed the boat to the bank with the other.
Awards and honours.
In January 1878, before a large crowd of people at Salford Town Hall in Bexley Square, Mark was presented with a loyal address of appreciation by the Mayor of Salford and awarded with a purse of 200 guineas for his heroic deeds, by the people of Salford. Immediately after the ceremony Mr. James Smith, a member of the Humane Society for the Hundred of Salford presented an address and the Gold Medal of the Society to which the members of the nearby Nemesis Rowing Club added a gold clasp as a token of their appreciation. He was awarded a number of other medals including the Silver Medal of the Humane Society for the Hundred of Salford and the Bronze Medal of the Royal Humane Society.
In November 1878, Addy received the following letter from the Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli:
Formal notice of the award appeared in the "London Gazette" of 17 December 1878:
He was presented with the Albert Medal, First Class, by the Mayor of Salford, Alderman Robinson, on behalf of Her Majesty Queen Victoria in the large assembly room of Salford Town Hall in Bexley Square in June 1879.
The medals awarded to Mark Addy, now kept in the Salford Museum and Art Gallery (Peel Park Art Gallery), are as follows:
Death.
On Whit Monday, 1889 Addy was watching a procession of children, when he heard a cry that a boy had fallen in the river at the bottom of Factory Lane. He made his way to the place and jumped into a particularly sewage-laden stretch of water to save the boy. Although the rescue was successful, according to an 1890 obituary, "he laid the foundation of an illness that day which eventually gained the mastery of his powerful, well-knit frame" and he died of "consumption" (tuberculosis) on 1890-06-09 Some time before his death, Mark said:
Memorials.
Not long after his death it was decided that a memorial should be erected and, in May 1891, 1,000 people attended the unveiling of the monument in Weaste Cemetery, Salford where he was buried. The monument consisted of a polished red granite obelisk rising from a stepped base. On the front was inscribed:
Above the inscription was a carved lifebuoy and rope entwining his initials and, above that, an oval bronze plaque inscribed with the portrait head of Addy. On the base was another bronze plaque depicting incidents from his life. The monument still stands today and is a Grade II listed structure, although it is in poor condition, with one of the bronze plaques missing.
Because of the large number of subscriptions to the memorial fund a life-size oil portrait of him wearing his medals was commissioned and donated to the Peel Park Picture Gallery, now the Salford Museum and Art Gallery, and a swimming trophy for Salford boys to be presented at Regent Road Baths, The Mark Addy Silver Cup, was instigated.
Addy has also been commemorated in a number of other forms: At Woden Street, between Pomona Docks and Regent Road, close to the former location of the Boathouse Inn, is a bridge known locally as the "Mark Addy Footbridge". On the Salford bank of the River Irwell, on the site of the former New Bailey landing stage and the Nemesis Rowing Club, below Stanley Street, is a riverside public house named "The Mark Addy", built in 1981 and re-opened in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18314948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314948" title="The Fatal Conceit">
The Fatal Conceit

The Fatal Conceit: The Errors of Socialism is a non-fiction book written by the economist and political philosopher Friedrich Hayek and edited by William Warren Bartley.
Main thesis and arguments.
The book attempts to conclusively refute all forms of Socialism by demonstrating that socialist theories are not only logically incorrect but that the premises they use to form their arguments are incorrect as well. To Hayek the birth of civilization is due to the start of societal traditions placing importance on private property leading to expansion, trade, and eventually the modern capitalist system, also known as the extended order. Socialists are wrong because they disregard the fact that modern civilization naturally evolved and was not planned. Additionally, since modern civilization and all of its customs and traditions naturally led to the current order and are needed for its continuance, any fundamental change to the system that tries to control it is doomed to fail since it would be impossible or unsustainable in modern civilization. Price signals are the only means of enabling each economic decision maker to communicate tacit knowledge or dispersed knowledge to each other, in order to solve the economic calculation problem.
Controversy.
There is much scholarly debate on how much influence William Warren Bartley had on writing the book. Officially, Bartley was the editor who was supposed to prepare the book for publication once Hayek fell ill in 1985; however, the inclusion of material from Bartley's philosophical point of view and citations that other people provided to Bartley have led people to question how much of the book was written by Hayek and whether Hayek knew about the added material. Bruce Cadwell thinks that the evidence "clearly points towards a conclusion that the book was a product more of [Bartley's] pen than of Hayek's. ... Bartley may have written the book".

</doc>
<doc id="18314964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314964" title="GWR No. 1334">
GWR No. 1334

GWR No. 1334, and sister locomotives 1335 and 1336, were 2-4-0 steam locomotives which the Great Western Railway inherited from the Midland and South Western Junction Railway. 
History.
The locomotives had been numbered 10, 11 and 12 by the M&SWJR. 
They were re-boilered by the GWR and they were the only M&SWJR locomotives to survive into British Railways ownership in 1948.
Withdrawal.
The locomotives were withdrawn as follows. None is preserved.
Modelling.
A 4mm scale kit is available from Nu-Cast

</doc>
<doc id="18314987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18314987" title="Kristin Fairlie">
Kristin Fairlie

Kristin Fairlie is a Canadian actress and former child actress. In 1998 she won a Young Artist Award for Best Ensemble for her lead role in the Showtime original movie "The Sweetest Gift". As a voice actress, Fairlie has voiced the roles of "Little Bear", Bridgette in "Total Drama Island", "Total Drama Action" and "Total Drama World Tour", and Emma on the TV series "Stoked".
Biography.
Kristin Fairlie made her feature film debut in "The Scarlet Letter". She won a Young Artist Award for her lead role in the Showtime Movie "The Sweetest Gift". Since then she appeared in the film "The Virgin Suicides".
Fairlie voiced the lead character of Nicole on the cartoon series "Madeline". Since then she has lent her voice to many cartoons but she is best known as the voice of Little Bear in the animated series "Little Bear" and "The Little Bear Movie". She starred as young Babar in the animated Feature film "", and appeared on the film's soundtrack. She is the voice of surfer girl Bridgette on the series "Total Drama" and, her most recent role, Emma on "Stoked" (Teletoon/Cartoon Network) and joined the cast of the Teletoon animated series "Detentionaire". Other cartoons include "Skyland", "The Dating Guy", "6teen", "Pearlie", and "Skatoony".
Kristin has made guest appearances on TV series like "Heartland", "Murdoch Mysteries", "The Eleventh Hour", and "Goosebumps". Her guest-starring role on the series "Flashpoint" was hailed by "The Globe" and "Mail" as “a chillingly convincing portrayal of a teenage gang leader”. Kristin was a recurring cast member on the teen series "renegadepress.com", and following the end of the series, she joined the cast of Nickelodeon’s "Instant Star" to play Megan, the villain of the final season.
Kristin starred in the Made for TV movie "Gracie's Choice" opposite Kristen Bell, Anne Heche and Diane Ladd a film that garnered an Emmy Nomination for Heche. Kristin later appeared in the award-winning indie comedy "You Might as Well Live" as untalented pop singer Stormy Blaze. Her performance of Stormy’s first single garnered her a mention in "Variety Magazine": “The soundtrack standout (duly reprised under closing credits) is ” Stormy Blaze,” aka the sister’s hilariously heinous debut single.”
In 2011 Kristin appears in a cameo in the indie comedy "Moonpoint", and in the Julia Roberts produced film "Jesus Henry Christ".
Kristin launched her brand Hate and Heartbreak on July 11, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18315001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315001" title="Llana of Gathol">
Llana of Gathol

Llana of Gathol is a collection of four Edgar Rice Burroughs stories that were originally published in "Amazing Stories" in 1941 (details see below). The first collected edition of "Llana of Gathol" was published in 1948. It is the penultimate book in the "Barsoom" series and the last to be published during Burroughs's lifetime.
The stories in "Llana of Gathol" have a somewhat more humorous tone than earlier entries of the "Barsoom" series, and this book is considered to be an example of Burroughs engaging in self-parody late in his career.
Plot and storyline.
The stories in this collection revolve around John Carter's granddaughter Llana of Gathol, who plays the "damsel in distress" role played by Dejah Thoris and Thuvia in earlier entries of the "Barsoom" series.
Influence.
The books's title was aped by that of the later novel "Ylana of Callisto" by Lin Carter, a volume in his copycat Callisto series.
Copyright.
The copyright for this story has expired in Australia, and thus now resides in the public domain there. The text is available via Project Gutenberg Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18315011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315011" title="Jackie Campbell">
Jackie Campbell

Jackie Campbell (born 27 February 1946 in Airdrie) is a Scottish former professional association football player. He played his entire career at Partick Thistle for whom he made 579 appearances as a defender.
His honours are a League Cup winners medal 1971, a First Division Championship winners medal 1975-76, a Second Division winners medal 1970-71 and a Glasgow Cup winners medal 1981. His testomonial game came in season 1980-81 which ended in a 6-6 draw.

</doc>
<doc id="18315022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315022" title="Grand Regency Scandal">
Grand Regency Scandal

Erupting in June 2008, the Grand Regency Scandal concerns the sale of the Grand Regency Hotel in Downtown Nairobi, Kenya, from the Central Bank of Kenya to an unspecified group of Libyan investors called "Libya Arab African Investment Company". The sale was directed by Finance Minister Amos Kimunya, leading to passage of near-unanimous censure of Kimunya by the Kenyan Parliament on 1 July 2008. On 8 July 2008 Kimunya submitted his resignation, and called for an investigation to clear his name.
The controversy involves the no-bid nature of the sale, the secrecy under which it was negotiated, the identity of the buyers, and the price of the luxury hotel- reportedly 2.9 billion Kenyan Shillings (approx. US $44 million), around one-third of previous appraisals of the property's value in the neighbourhood of 7 billion Kenyan Shillings (approx, US $114 million). The value of the hotel is disputed by Kimunya. Lands Minister James Orengo blew the whistle on the sale, charging his fellow cabinet minister, Kimunya, with corruption. 
Background.
The Grand Regency hotel played a minor part in the Goldenberg Scandal, one of the largest corruption scandals uncovered in Kenya (See article: Corruption in Kenya.) Goldenberg involved the trans-shipment of large quantities of gold through Kenya, with a 35% subsidy paid to the Goldenberg company by the Government of Kenya. Much of the gold was smuggled out of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, site of a civil war. It is estimated the earlier scandal cost the country around 10% of one years' GDP, and many of the country's current leaders have been implicated.
Kamlesh Pattni, a central figure in the Goldenberg investigations and a founder of the Goldenberg company, reportedly used proceeds from the Goldenberg scandal to build the Grand Regency. In addition to the questionable source of the funds, Pattni acquired the lands from the Central Bank of Kenya in highly suspicious circumstances. Under a law passed in 2002 offering amnesty to those who return proceeds of corruption, Pattni negotiated immunity from prosecution for his role in Goldenberg in exchange for the transfer of the Grand Regency to the Central Bank of Kenya.
Political Fallout.
The scandal is the first major test of the Grand Coalition government following the resolution of the 2007-2008 Kenyan crisis. The Grand Coalition includes Kimunya's Party of National Unity (PNU) and their rivals, the Orange Democratic Movement (ODM). 
The political dimensions to the scandal are still unfolding. Kimunya has been identified as a potential successor to President Mwai Kibaki of PNU, while Orengo is a member of ODM. When first alerted of the sale, Orengo ordered his ministry to block the transfer of the land grant, but members of the Secret Police arrived at the ministry and reportedly threatened Orengo's employees into completing the transfer. Other members of PNU, including presidential aspirant Martha Karua, joined Orengo and ODM in calling for full disclosure of the details of the sale, and Kimunya's resignation or dismissal, though Karua later backed off the call for dismissal. The sole member of Parliament to vote against the motion of censure was PNU-allied vice-president Kalonzo Musyoka, whose own presidential ambitions stands to improve with the divisions within the Kikuyu ethnic block of PNU, giving him a motive to support Kimunya.
On 3 July, a parliamentary committee investigating the sale issued a preliminary report recommending the suspension of the sale. The committee, headed by PNU-affiliated attorney general Amos Wako, called for the resignation or dismissal of Kimunya, as well as National Intelligence Services, Maj-Gen Michael Gichangi, Central Bank governor Njuguna Ndung'u and the secretary to the board of directors at the CBK. Additionally, the Parliament refused to consider any bills relating to the Finance Ministry, pending Kimunya's ouster. This included the National Budget.
Commission.
On 25 November 2008, an official inquiry cleared Kimunya of any wrongdoing. The commission's report was not made public.
Cost.
In response to a query by Joseph Lekuton, on 16 December 2008, Orwa Ojode the Assistant Minister for Provincial Administration and Internal Security confirmed to parliament that the commission had cost the Kenya Government Kshs 51,224,990.
Aftermath.
On 23 January 2009, Kimunya was reappointed to the cabinet by President Mwai Kibaki as Minister of Trade.

</doc>
<doc id="18315025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315025" title="Lance Guma">
Lance Guma

Lance Guma is a Zimbabwean broadcast journalist on the independent radio station, SW Radio Africa. He produces 3 programmes: "Behind the Headlines", "Reporters' Forum", and music show "On the Pulse".
Background.
Former student leader Lance Guma has risen to become one of Zimbabwe’s most prominent journalists. The 37 year old has been working for over 7 years as a Producer/Presenter with London based SW Radio Africa. Guma holds a Masters Degree in Media Studies in which he focused on the impact of New Media in Opening up Democratic Space in Zimbabwe.
In addition to his trademark stories that expose human rights abuses and corruption Guma also produces weekly programmes like Behind the Headlines, On the Pulse (music & showbiz) and Question Time, were listeners are given the chance to participate by asking questions via e-mail, text messages and social networking platforms like Facebook, Twitter and Skype.
Guma has interviewed key political players like Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai, ZAPU leader Dumiso Dabengwa, Mavambo President Simba Makoni, Zanu PF spokesman Rugare Gumbo, Former Defence Minister Enos Nkala, Finance Minister Tendai Biti, Education Minister David Coltart and President Jacob Zuma’s International Relations Adviser Lindiwe Zulu.Guma has also interviewed prominent Spirit Embassy church founder Prophet Uebert Angel in a widely watched video http://nehandatv.com/2013/06/04/prophet-uebert-angel-on-nehanda-tv/comment-page-1/.

</doc>
<doc id="18315064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315064" title="Jackie O (opera)">
Jackie O (opera)

Jackie O is a chamber opera in two acts composed by Michael Daugherty to a libretto by Wayne Koestenbaum. The 90 minute work, commissioned by Houston Grand Opera in 1995 and premiered in 1997, is inspired by American musical and popular culture of the late 1960s and episodes in the life of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. 
Performance history.
"Jackie O" received its first performance in the Cullen Theater, Houston, Texas, on March 14, 1997 with a second performance on March 16, 1997, both conducted by Christopher Larkin. The opera's Canadian premiere took place on August 7, 1997 at the Banff Centre in Alberta, conducted by Bruno Ferrandis. Co-produced by Houston Grand Opera's Houston Opera Studio and the Banff Centre, the premiere production was directed by Nicholas Muni, with sets and costumes by Peter Werner, lighting design by Harry Frehner, and choreography by Bruce Brown, who also created the role of Paparazzo.
The work has subsequently received several other US performances including those by the Duquesne University Opera Workshop in Pittsburgh (1999), Long Leaf Opera in Chapel Hill, North Carolina (2003), and the University of Michigan School of Music, Theatre and Dance in Ann Arbor (2006). "Jackie O" had its French premiere on February 2, 2002 at the Opéra de Metz, and its Italian premiere on April 3, 2008 in the Teatro Rossini, Lugo, in a co-production with the Teatro Comunale di Bologna.
Scoring.
The work is scored for chorus and solo voices (soprano, mezzo-soprano, tenor, baritone and bass) and a 20 piece orchestra of piccolo/flute, oboe/English horn, clarinet/bass clarinet, tenor/alto/soprano saxophone, bassoon, horn, trumpet, trombone/euphonium, tuba, harp, acoustic guitar, synthesizer/piano, percussion and strings.
Synopsis.
Wayne Koestenbaum has described the loose narrative of his libretto as a "collage" in the style of Gertrude Stein's libretto for "Four Saints in Three Acts", an opera by 20th century American composer, Virgil Thomson. Koestenbaum has written both poetry and non-fiction works on opera and on iconic opera singers like Maria Callas. It is not surprising that in addition to the character of Maria Callas, there are several conscious allusions to the art-form in the "Jackie O" libretto. These include: Violetta's death aria from "La traviata", reflected in "Addio Del Passato"; the funeral pyre from the final scene of "Norma", reflected in "The Flame Duet"; and both Countess Almaviva's forgiveness aria in "The Marriage of Figaro" and the off-stage voice of the imprisoned Manrico in "Il trovatore", reflected in "Jack's Song".
Act I begins with a "happening" in artist Andy Warhol's studio in New York City, attended by various celebrities including Elizabeth Taylor, Grace Kelly, Aristotle Onassis, and his lover, Maria Callas. All eagerly anticipate Jackie and sing "Jackie's Coming!". Jackie arrives and is fascinated by Onassis. Callas realizes that Onassis is going to leave her for Jackie and sings "Addio Del Passato" (Goodbye to the past). Onassis and Jackie escape from the party to see a new art movie, "I Am Curious (Yellow)".
Act II is set on Onassis' yacht, "Christina", and on his private island, Skorpios. Jackie and Onassis have now been married for a year. On the yacht, Jackie becomes increasingly melancholy and given to trance-like states. Maria Callas seeks a reunion with Onassis and the two decide to meet ("I Will See You At The Lido"). In one of her trances, Jackie wanders off to the island, where she and Maria Callas meet and reconcile with each other as they sing "The Flame Duet". Jackie and Callas then smash a paparazzo's camera, which gives Jackie the power to communicate with her dead husband, who is heard as a disembodied voice. She forgives him for his past infidelities in their duet, "Jack's Song". The opera ends with Jackie deciding to return to America, wistfully singing "The New Frontier Is Here".
Musical structure.
Overture - "Jackie's Song". (Scored for solo cello, flute/piccolo, bass clarinet, violin, percussion and piano, the piece had previously premiered on its own in 1996 and forms the leitmotif of Jackie in the opera.
Act I. The Happening 
"1968" 
"Jackie's Coming!" 
"Egyptian Time" 
"Goldfinger" 
"Painter's Credo" 
"Jackie's Credo" 
"Addio Del Passato" 
"I Am Curious (Yellow)" 
Finale: "Don't Look Back" 
"1968" (reprise) 
Act II. The Island 
Scene 1 (On The 'Christina') 
"I Resemble A God" 
"Stiff Drink" 
"All His Bright Light" 
"I Will See You At The Lido" 
Scene 2 (On Skorpios) 
"The Flame Duet" 
"Smash His Camera!" 
"Jack's Song" 
"The New Frontier Is Here"

</doc>
<doc id="18315071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315071" title="Minor Inscriptions of Kharavela">
Minor Inscriptions of Kharavela

Besides the celebrated Hathigumpha inscription of Kharavela, there are several minor Brahmi inscriptions in the twin hills of Udayagiri and Khandagiri Caves, which were deciphered earlier by Prof. R. D Banerjee during the years 1915–16 (Epigraphic Indica – XIII) and B. M Barua (Indian Historical Quarterly-XIV). These minor inscriptions throw light on the reign and kingdom of Kharavela. Shri Sadananda Agrawal, historian, has given further clarifications about them, which are produced as under:
Inscriptions.
I- Mancapuri cave inscription (Upper storey).
This inscription is engraved on the raised space between the second and third doorways of the cave at Mancapuri. The text in Devanagari script is as under:
L.1- अरहंत पसादाय कलिंगानं समनानं लेनं कारितं राजिनो ललाकस
L.2- हथिसिहस पपोतस धुतुना कलिंग चकवतिनो सिरिखारवेलस
L.3- अगमहिसिना कारितं
Translation: By the blessings of Arihants ( Tirthankar, the chief queen of Kharavela, the Chakravarti monarch of Kalinga, the great granddaughter of Hathisiha (Hasti Simha) and the daughter of Lalāka or Lalārka, caused to be constructed the caves for the sramanas of Kalinga.
II- Mancapuri cave inscription (Upper storey)-A.
This inscription is incised on a raised bend between the 3rd and 4th doorways from the left and contains single line. The text in Devanagari script is as under:
Translation: This is the cave of Aira Mahameghavahana Maharaja Kudepasiri, the overlord of Kalinga, where, Kudepasiri is considered to be the immediate successor of Kharavela.
III-Manchapuri cave inscription 'B' (Lower storey).
This inscription has been engraved on the right wall of veranda, to the right of the entrance to the right-hand side chamber of the main wing, consisting of one line. <br> 
The text in Devanagari script is as under:
कुमारो वडुखस लेणं (IAST: kumāro vadukhas lenam) <br> 
Translation: (This is) the cave of Prince . <br> 
Note: On paleographic grounds, Prof. R. D. Banerjee considered this inscription to pre-date the inscription of King Kudepasiri. According to Sadananda Agrawal, Prince Badukha stands an obscure figure in history, but Badukha seems to be the son or brother of Kudepasiri.
IV- Inscriptions in the Sarpagumpha.
This inscription consisting of one line, is incised over the doorway of the Sarpagumpha. The text in Devanagari script is as under: <br> 
चूलकमस कोठाजेया च (IAST: cūlakamas koţhājeyā ca) <br> 
Translation: The chamber and veranda/or side chamber of cūlakama. However, Dr. Sahu has interpreted Ajeya being united by a "Sandhi" qualifying Koṭha there by denoting invincible.
V- Inscription in the Sarpagumpha.
The text of the engravings at the left of the doorway in Devanagari script is as under:<br> 
L.1- कंमस हलखि
L.2- णय च पसादो
Translation: pavilion is the gift of Kamma and Halakhina. 
It has been claimed that Halakhina was the wife of Kamma. "Chūlakamma" – found in the inscription No. IV and "Kamma" of this record indicate official designations rather than the proper names. "Kamma" may be taken as minister of works ("Karma sachiva") and "Cūlakamma" appears to be a junior cadre of minister in the Department of works.
VI- Haridas Cave inscription.
This inscription contains one line has been incised over one of the three entrances to the main chamber of the cave from the veranda. The text in Devanagari script is as under:<br> 
चूलकमस पसातो कोठाजेया च (IAST: cūlakamas pasāto koţhājeyā ca) <br>
Translation: The chamber and veranda (or side chamber) are the gift of cūlakama.
VII- Vyāghragumphā Inscription.
The record is incised on the outer wall of the inner chamber. The text in Devanagari script is as under:
L.1- नगर अखंदस
L.2- स भूतिनो लेणं
Translation: This is the cave of Bhūti, the city judge.
VIII- Jambesavara cave inscription.
This inscription has been engraved over the entrances to the inner chamber of the cave. The text in Devanagari script is as under:
Translation: The cave of Mahamāda Nākiya and Bāriyā.
X- Tatowāgumphā inscription (Cave No −1).
The record of this inscription is incised over one of the entrances to the inner chamber. The text in Sanskrit reads as: <br> 
पादमुलिकस कुसुमस लेणं x [।।] (IAST: pādamulikas kusumas lenam x)
Translation: The cave of Kusuma, the "padamulika". <br> 
There is a syllable after the word "lenam", which may be read as "ni" or "phi". "padamulika" literally means, one who serves at the feet king. According to Kishori Lal Faujdar (Page No. 6, Supra), Kusuma seems to be related with Kaswan clan of Jats. He refers to an article named ‘Hathi Gumpha and Three other Inscriptions’ (page 24) in Devanagari as under: <br> 
Translation: The city of 'Masikanagara' was attained with the help of 'Kuswan' Kshatriyas.
Sadananda Agrawal has interpreted "Masikanagara" as "Asikanagara" and identified it with the city Adam (Present Nagpur District of Maharashtra). In view of the evidence of a highly prosperous city unearthed at Adam, Prof. A. M. Shastri is of the opinion that Adam itself represents the Asikanagara of Hathigumpha inscription. It is worth noting in the present context that terracotta seal having a legend has been discovered from Adam situated on the right bank of the river Wainganga, which reads Asakajanapadasa (Devanagari: असकजनपदस).
XI- Ananta Gumpha inscription (A).
The record is incised on the architrave between the left ante and the fifth pillar. The text in Devanagari script is as under:
Translation: The cave of the Dohada .

</doc>
<doc id="18315073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315073" title="Lámh Dhearg GAC">
Lámh Dhearg GAC

Lámh Dhearg is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based on the Upper Springfield Road in west Belfast, County Antrim, Northern Ireland. It was established in 1903 and plays Gaelic football, Ladies' Gaelic football, Handball and Hurling.
Lámh Dhearg.
The club's name, Lámh Dhearg, is the Irish for Red Hand, referring to the traditional symbol of Ulster. The club's motto amongst its supporters is "Lámh Dhearg Abú", an old war cry meaning 'Red Hand to Victory'.
History.
In its infancy Lámh Dhearg was run By Art Magill who was also County Secretary and played in South Antrim Junior leagues. In the 40s their seven-a-side team were undefeated in 32 tournaments and the club organised popular sports days which even attracted top Irish athletes. In 1952 the club won its first silverware, the McKenna Ginley cup and the 60s was a glorious decade as the club progressed from division 6 to division 1. In 1971 wooden dressing rooms at Budore were blown up and in 1972 during a South Antrim football game against Dwyers, three players were wounded as machine gun fire was directed indiscriminately at players and spectators.
In 1967 the club won the Junior Football Championship and in 1971 they won the Senior Football Championship beating the Johnnies and in 1972 were runners up. The club have participated in the Senior football league since the mid 60s and have won 5 league titles in 1971, 1972, 1993, 1995 and 2004. And were runners up to Cargin in the 2003 League Final Play Off. In 1983 the seniors were narrow runners up in the Championship and in 2003 were beaten by St Gall’s in a Championship final replay. The club won the 1992 Under 21 Football Championship and were runners up in 1991, 2001 and 2003 deciders. The club won two Minor Football championships in 1988 and 1992 and were runners up in Minor Finals in 1987, 1991 and 1994.
In 1994 the club won the prestigious Letterkenny Seven a-side Tournament and won the Beringer Cup in 1995 and our reserve team won the All County Junior Championship in 1996 and the McDermott Cup in 1999 which included father Jim Herron (43) and son Michael (15). Over the years the club have a very proud tradition of players representing County Football teams at all levels. Past players and clubmen Frank Fitzsimmons (Sen) and Sean McElhatton have managed Senior County Football teams and Terry McCrudden was a selector in Brian White’s management team. Former players Frank Fitzsimmons (Senior), John McKiernan and Sean McQuillan have represented Ulster and J.P. O’Kane had the unique distinction of representing Ulster and Leinster and a Rest Of Ireland Select. Former players Jackie Duffy and Sean McElhaton won Ulster S.F.C. medals with Tyrone and Jackie Fitzsimmons won a Ulster S.F.C. medal with Down.
In Easter 1984 the club opened a new Prunty pitch with Floodlights and pavilion and have been very generous in allowing County and College teams as well as local clubs such as St John’s’ St Gall’s and Cushendall etc. to avail of their floodlights. The new facilities were a different class compared to previous pitches such as Budore, The Rock Pitch, The Bullring, Magill’s and Hamill’s fields etc. The social club has been a success in helping to finance the promotion and development of Gaelic games and maintaining our facilities and has provided our members and local community with many hours of entertainment and memories and produced very successful Ladies Darts and Pool Teams.
In 1985 hurling was revived under the inspiration of Kieran Megraw and Cork’s Fr John O’Donovan, who was curate in St Oliver Plunkett. In 1986 the club won the Junior Hurling Championship and Division 3 league title. Lámh Dhearg were runners-up in the Intermediate Hurling finals in 1995 and again in 2003, but won the Division 2 league title by beating Sarsfield's in a replay and achieved division one status for the first time. In 1992 the club won its only Minor Hurling Championship to date, and in 1999 it won the Ulster Minor 7 a-side tournament. It won the All County Junior title in 2002 and many players have represented the county at all levels. Ciaran Herron won Ulster Hurler of the Year in 2002, won RTÉ's Man of match award for his display against Wexford and was an All Star Nominee and was an all Star replacement to the States. He, along with his brothers Michael and Brendan, represented Ulster. Michael Herron was selected as 2007 County Hurler of the year. The club hosted Féile in 2000 (Knockbridge, County Louth) and in 2002 (Celbridge, County Kildare) and has established strong links with Celbridge, resulting in biannual exchange visits.
In 1992 the club won seven championships (including Senior, U-16, U-18 and U-21 Football; U-18 Hurling; South Antrim Football) three leagues (U-14 Div. 2 Hurling; U-16 Football, and South Antrim Division 2), also securing the Ulster GAA Writers' award for Club of the Year.
The Club has also a very strong Handball section and have progressed rapidly from Division 8 to Division 3 and have a successful record in achieving honours at County and Provincial levels. In 1998 in Cork, Brendan Herron won the All Ireland Under 16 titles and currently Kevin Holmes is All Ireland Colleges champion and Under 21 All Ireland Doubles champion. Ladies and girls football have recently started and hopefully will go from strength to strength..The club have consistently entered teams into the popular Scor competitions as we strive to enhance and promote our culture. In 1995 over 100 club members and families club went on a very successful and enjoyable three-week trip to Toronto, St Petersburg and Orlando.
The club have a strong tradition of a very vibrant youth policy with a strong emphasis on participation and quality coaching and can face the future with great optimism and will undoubtedly continue to be a leading club in the promotion and development of Gaelic games in Belfast and Antrim. Youth affairs are now co-ordinated by an energetic Coiste Na Nog Committee which was restructured in 2006. The club celebrated their centennial in 2003 with a successful programme of celebration events. The celebrations went very well such as a popular Family Fun Day, a Centenary Hurling Challenge game against Carey Faughs, fellow Centenary club using 1903 rules and A Journey through the archives. The club also sold over 300 Centenary Commemorative Polo T-Shirts designed by O’Neill’s Sportswear.
The highlight was a successful Centenary Reunion on Nov 29 in their clubrooms. Over 300 attended with members coming from all parts of Ireland and many friendships were renewed, memories relived and it was a night of great nostalgia. The celebrations concluded with a glittering and stylish sell out Centenary Gala Dinner in the Europa Hotel on Saturday 28 February 2004. In May 2004 Peter Canavan launched our Centenary Commemorative booklet produced by Paul Buchanan and Kieran Megraw to a packed clubrooms. In June 2007 we held our inaugural Family Fest, which turned out to be a very popular event and now will become an integral part of our comprehensive programme of events.

</doc>
<doc id="18315158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315158" title="Zahid Shah">
Zahid Shah

Zahid Shah (born June 8, 1980) is Pakistani cricketer who plays for the United Arab Emirates. He also plays for the North-West Frontier Province. He is a Right-arm fast-medium bowler.
Shah made his ODI debut against Bangladesh in the 2008 Asia Cup. He took six wickets in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18315169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315169" title="Spine journal">
Spine journal

Spine journal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18315197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315197" title="Dimitrios Kiliaras">
Dimitrios Kiliaras

Dimitrios Kiliaras ( born 32 March 1986) is a young Greek footballer who plays for Panegialios F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="18315201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315201" title="Perniciousness">
Perniciousness


</doc>
<doc id="18315263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315263" title="Lekaferja">
Lekaferja

Lekaferja AS is a ferry company that operates the Skei–Gutvik Ferry with the car ferry MF "Leka" connecting Leka to mainland Norway. The company was created to operate the ferry service when it was created in 1964, and has operated three ferries, all with the name "Leka". Lekaferja is owned by Torghatten Trafikkselskap.

</doc>
<doc id="18315318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315318" title="Les Valses de Vienne">
Les Valses de Vienne

"Les Valses de Vienne" is a 1989 song recorded by the French artist François Feldman. It was the second single from his 1989 album, "Une Présence", and was released in November 1989. It achieved a huge success in France, topping the chart for two months, and remains Feldman's signature song and a classic of 1980s French music.
Song information.
The lyrics were written and the music composed by Feldman himself and the famous songwriter Jean-Marie Moreau. According to the expert of French chart Elia Habib, the song is a "romantic ballad, whose identity remains a salve savour in the subject as well as in the musical coloration". The song is based on a pun and all the text is declined as well, juggling with the likeness and the consonance of terms between them (e.g. "dans la Rome antique, errent les romantiques"). The part played by the violins was written by Thierry Durbet.
The song was also included on the singer's best of, "Two Feldman". 
The music video features Feldman with a young girl who portrayed his daughter and who tries to comfort her father because he is separated from her mother. The cover on the CD maxi and vinyls is a screenshot from the video.
Chart performances.
In France, the single started at #38 on 2 December 1989, then climbed quickly and entered the top ten three weeks later. It was blocked for four weeks at #2 by Roch Voisine's huge hit "Hélène". Then it reached #1 for four weeks, was disloged by "Hélène" for two weeks, then hit again the top for two other weeks. After that, it alsmost kept on dropping rather quickly and left the chart (Top 50) after 23 weeks. It achieved Gold status awarded by the SNEP and is currently the 548th best-selling single of all time in France.
In 2003, the French program "Top 50: 50 numéros 1 de légende" revealed that the song was the 26th best number-one hit of the Top 50 (SNEP Singles Chart) thanks to the votings of the TV viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="18315332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315332" title="Jackson Volcano">
Jackson Volcano

Jackson Volcano is an extinct volcano located 2900 feet (884 meters) beneath the city of Jackson, Mississippi, under the Mississippi Coliseum. It is one of four volcanoes located inside cities in the United States, Diamond Head in Honolulu, Hawaii, Pilot Butte in Bend, Oregon, and Mount Tabor in Portland, Oregon being the others. The volcano was discovered in 1819. 
Jackson Volcano is believed to have been extinct for at least 66 million years. A hypothesis states that the Jackson Volcano and related igneous activity in Mississippi were a result of the North America Plate's passage over the Bermuda hotspot 66 million years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="18315354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315354" title="I'll Think of a Reason Later">
I'll Think of a Reason Later

"I'll Think of a Reason Later" is a song written by Tony Martin and Tim Nichols, and recorded by American country music artist Lee Ann Womack. It was released in December 1998 as the second single from her CD "Some Things I Know". The song peaked at #2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks.
Content.
The song is an up-tempo in the key of E-flat major, beginning with pedal steel guitar and electric guitar. The narrator, in the first verse, has just found out that her ex-boyfriend is about to be married to another woman. Upon discovering the wedding announcement in a paper, she expresses her dissatisfation with the ex-boyfriend's lover.
The narrator then elaborates on her frustration in the second verse, defacing the woman's picture with a marker and saying that although she "couldn't be happier on own", she is still jealous.
Reception.
Editors at "Billboard" gave the song a positive review and wrote, "This feisty little number portrays a woman spurned, but it's more mischievous than mournful. Tony Martin and Tim Nicholas have penned a cute, clever lyric. It's totally country, and one of the strengths of the tune is its accessibility. The lyric is very conversational with lots of country phrasing, and Womack turns in an engaging performance, convincing as the redneck woman scorned. Country radio programmers and audiences should make this one of the earliest hits of the new year.
Chart performance.
The song debuted at number 62 on the Hot Country Songs chart dated December 26, 1998. It charted for 25 weeks on that chart, and reached number 2 on the country chart dated April 10, 1999, and remained there for four weeks, having been blocked from Number One by Kenny Chesney's "How Forever Feels". It also peaked at number 38 on the Billboard Hot 100, giving Womack her first crossover on that chart, in addition to reaching number 1 on Canada's "RPM" country chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18315355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315355" title="White Balloon Day">
White Balloon Day

White Balloon Day is a symbol of support for survivors of child sexual abuse. It first began after a public meeting in Belgium in October 1996, when 300,000 people gathered with white balloons to show public sympathy and support for the parents of girls who were sexually assaulted of a previously convicted and then released paedophile. White Balloon Day is also held annually during National Child Protection Week in Australia. Its aim is to raise awareness of child sexual assault within the community.
White Balloon Day was last held on Tuesday, September 7, 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="18315388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315388" title="Honor Bound series">
Honor Bound series

The Honor Bound series is a World War II thriller series by W.E.B. Griffin, with the latest three books co-authored by William E. Butterworth IV (Griffin's son). The series takes place mostly in Argentina, but also deals with internal struggles within the Nazi Party as the war escalates. Griffin based the events in the books partially on historical events, and relies heavily on his own connections and experiences in Argentina to flesh out the story.
Books.
"Honor Bound" (1993).
Cletus Frade returns from a flying sortie on Guadalcanal and crashlands. After he recovers, he learns he has been awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross and is being sent home to participate in a war bonds tour. However, when he reaches the States, he is approached and recruited into the OSS by Colonel Graham. His mission is twofold; posing as an employee of Howell Petroleum, he and his team will attempt to sink the "Reine de la Mer", a German replenishment ship posing as a neutral freighter; he will also try to reestablish contact with his estranged father, who is among the most powerful men in Argentina and is the architect of the impending military coup to overthrow the sitting President. His team members are Tony Pelosi (demolitions) and David Ettinger (radioman).
Ettinger discovers from Jewish refugees living in and around Buenos Aires that the Nazis are ransoming Jews in concentration camps, accepting bribe money from their overseas families for their safe passage out of Germany. The OSS orders the team to verify this information.
Meanwhile, Hans-Peter von Wachtstein, a young Luftwaffe pilot, is selected to escort the remains of the late Capitan Jorge Alejandro Duarte back to Argentina. A neutral observer attached to the Eastern Front, Duarte was flying a Fieseler Storch against the rules of neutral observation and was shot down. Peter's father, a Generalleutnant in the Army staff, reveals that he is one of a group of officers that is duty-bound to pursue the removal of Adolf Hitler. To this end he sends considerable amounts of money with Peter as he escorts the casket to Argentina. Peter meets Juan Perón, who introduces him to the Duartes and their extended family.
Relations between Cletus and his host, Enrico Mallín, are strained, and become even worse when Mallin's daughter, Dorotea, takes an obvious liking to Cletus. Cletus meets his father at long last, and his father is finally able to explain that he did not abandon Cletus willfully; he was prevented from entering the US by Cletus' grandfather. Frade insists that Cletus move out of the Mallín home and into his guest house. Coincidentally, Capitan Duarte's mother, Beatrice, has already sent Peter von Wachtstein to stay there. An awkward moment between two opposing officers turns into a truce, as they find they have more in common with each other than anyone else in Buenos Aires, and they become fast friends. Later, when Cletus's assassination is ordered, Peter warns him, and Cletus is able to defend himself and kill his attackers, but not before they kill the long-time housekeeper, Enrico Rodríguez's sister as well as Clete's father.
Cletus and his team are able to identify the replenishment ship, but they realize that there is no way to accomplish their mission without getting killed — the ship is obviously well-armed. When the local OSS station chief accuses him of cowardice, it is only the arrival of the destroyer USS "Alfred Thomas" and the intervention of Colonel Graham that save the mission. The OSS team is augmented by Chief Petty Officer Oscar Schultz, the ship's chief radioman, who deliberately misses the boat when the "Thomas" sails. Cletus and his team devise a plan to illuminate the "Reine de la Mer" at nighttime using incendiary devices dropped from a plane (which Cletus is flying, and from which Pelosi is dropping the incendiaries). This allows a hidden US submarine to enter the bay and destroy the replenishment ship, as well as a U-boat alongside her. Cletus and Pelosi are shot down but are promptly rescued.
"Blood and Honor" (1996).
On leave at his grandfather's house in New Orleans, Cletus Frade is contacted by Colonel Graham and informed that his father has been assassinated. Instead of returning to Argentina as a naval attache in uniform, he will assume the cover story of having been discharged from the Marine Corps in order to claim his inheritance. When he does return to Argentina and begin to make preparations for his father's funeral, he discovers that as a result of one of their very few trysts, Dorotea is pregnant.
Meanwhile, the officers allied with el Coronel Frade are panicked, for among the belongings passing to Cletus Frade is the operations order for "Esquema Azul" (Outline Blue), the planned military coup of the Argentine Government. They contact Cletus and are relieved when he willingly passes it to them. 
Cletus finds himself tasked with two difficult missions — infiltrate a second OSS team and their radar set from Brazil; and fly an airplane (a Lockheed Lodestar) that he has never flown before from Brazil to Argentina for the use of the rebelling officers.
Peter von Wachtstein stumbles upon the ransoming operation from his end and is definitely able to confirm to Cletus and the OSS that it exists. Ettinger decides to investigate further and is assassinated, making von Wachtstein the only source of information on the ransoming scheme. Peter finds out that the money is part of Operation Phoenix, the plan to hide high-ranking Nazis in South America should the Third Reich fall. He also finds out that several officers with access to the "special fund" are using it for personal gain instead, which further revolts him. He decides to reveal to Cletus Frade where a shipment of money is being landed from the new replenishment ship; Cletus dispatches one of the new OSS team's men with a camera to document the landing, and sends Enrico Rodríguez and another retired cavalry sergeant to guard him. However, Enrico recognizes the Germans who ordered the death of el Coronel Frade and his sister on the beach and shoots them both dead, intentionally barely missing Peter von Wachtstein.
The military coup proceeds as planned (however accelerated due to el Coronel Frade's death) and Arturo Rawson becomes the new President of Argentina, with no small help from Cletus Frade.
"Secret Honor" (1999).
The Nazi regime decides to investigate the killings of their operatives in Argentina; it seems possible that there is a double agent in the German embassy. Peter is among those singled out for suspicion and is ordered back to Germany. While in Germany, he is reunited with his father and with his old friend Claus von Stauffenberg, who relates to him the plan to eliminate Adolf Hitler. Peter is ordered back to Argentina when it becomes apparent that he has gotten Alicia Carzina-Cormano pregnant. When Peter returns, one of the investigators, Korvettenkapitän Karl Boltitz of the Abwehr, reveals to him that he knows he is the traitor, and directs him to commit suicide by crashing his plane, thereby sparing his father suspicion and possibly death. However, when it is revealed to Boltitz by Ambassador von Lutzenberg that he and Peter share the confidence of Vizeadmiral Canaris, Peter's life is spared.
Cletus Frade and Dorotea Mallín are married, and it turns into a grand affair that encompasses most of Argentine society.
"Death and Honor" (2008) (with William E. Butterworth IV).
Peter von Wachtstein reveals to Cletus Frade that Korvettenkapitän Boltitz is now "one of them", and furthermore that Canaris, head of the Abwehr, is confirmed to be unsympathetic to the Nazi cause. Cletus requests that Colonel Graham visit him personally in Argentina to impart this new information, which confirms information developed in Europe. 
Colonel Graham then reveals to Cletus that the President and "Wild Bill" Donovan would like Cletus to set up a civilian airline in Argentina, using surplus aircraft from the Army Air Corps. Donovan hopes the assets of the airline will be available for OSS use; Cletus Frade suspects the President is trying to put pressure on Pan American-Grace Airways, which has a near monopoly on South American air travel. He nevertheless is able to form the airline in relatively short order, but staffs it with Argentine pilots and staff under pressure from the Argentine government, which makes it unlikely to be usable by the OSS.
The German commercial attache to the Buenos Aires embassy, Wilhelm Frogger, and his wife desert their post when ordered back to Germany. They pass into Cletus Frade's control, and he smuggles them to a small estancia in the mountains. It turns out that their son, a captured Afrikakorps lieutenant colonel, may have information on the plot to eliminate Hitler. Cletus travels to the States (under guise of acquiring Air Transport Ratings for himself and his pilots) and is key in getting Oberstleutnant Frogger to cooperate with his American captors. 
Peter von Wachtstein, still under suspicion of being a double agent, is recruited to assist in the landing of yet another shipment of money for Operation Phoenix. Although he is carefully watched during the entire operation and cannot slip away to notify Cletus, he does make note of the fact that Argentine mountain troops appear to be assisting the Nazis who deliver the shipment. He relates this to Cletus afterward.
Later, when the mountain estancia is attacked and it seems the Froggers were killed, Enrico Rodríguez reveals that he spirited them away safely. He also provides photographic evidence that Juan Perón led Argentine mountain troops and Nazi troops to the estancia to kill the Froggers. This, coupled with other evidence, leads Cletus Frade to confront Perón and threaten to out him in front of the rest of the Argentine officer corps should the Nazis take any action against him or his family.
"The Honor Of Spies" (2009) (with William E. Butterworth IV).
The beginning of "The Honor of Spies" overlaps with the end of "Death And Honor", as the Argentine mountain troops assault Cletus Frade's mountain estancia in Tandil and Cletus confronts Perón. Immediately following this, another unsuccessful attempt is made on Cletus's life. 
The German Embassy in Buenos Aires is still reeling from the implications of the defection of the Froggers. A senior SS operative, Brigadeführer-SS Manfred von Deitzberg, who took part in the previous investigations into the mysterious killings, returns to Argentina, in part to locate the Froggers, in part to continue to uncover the traitor or traitors in the Embassy, and finally to continue work on the plan to relocate Nazi leadership to Argentina in the event of setbacks on the European front. Meanwhile, back in Europe, the plan to eliminate Hitler (referred to as Operation Valkyrie), secretly picks up speed, even as the Nazis plan and execute the rescue of Benito Mussolini.
In Portugal, Graham and Allen Dulles, Graham's OSS counterpart in Europe, meet with Canaris' deputy, who offers the services of Oberstleutnant Reinhard Gehlen, who has been collecting intelligence on the Russians, and is willing to share it with the Americans in exchange for American assistance in relocating his men and their families to Argentina, in the same way the Nazi party leadership envisions. 
Cletus Frade is forced to move his operations to an estancia in Mendoza Province after the German commercial attache's wife becomes mentally unstable and violent. He then takes delivery of three Lockheed Constellations for his airline, and flies one to Portugal, where he picks up two of Gehlen's officers disguised as clergy and returns with them and their families to Argentina. Only later does he realize that one is a Nazi true believer, who Gehlen sent to Argentina to distance him from Operation Valkyrie.
The political and military situation in Argentina is escalating, as Perón, the German-sympathizing commander of the mountain regiment, and the Germans in the Embassy plan armed incursion against Cletus Frade, and Coronel Martin, the of the Bureau of Internal Security (BIS), and President Rawson choose to ally themselves with Frade, while not wishing to plunge Argentina into civil war. Von Deitzberg makes moves to acquire the bulk of the illicit funds from ransoming Jews from Germany, but unexpectedly encounters the other officer Gehlen sent to Argentina, who recognizes him and eliminates him. It is strongly hinted that Perón and his paramour, Evita, come into possession of a large portion of this money.
As the situation intensifies, Dorotea gives birth to a healthy boy, just as Cletus prepares to accompany President Rawson to confront the commander of the mountain regiment, who is leading his unit towards the estancia. The commander and his deputies, when confronted by President Rawson attempt to place him under arrest at which point Cletus kills the commander. The deputy attempts to draw a pistol, whereupon Cletus kills him also. Cletus turns the advancing column over to a man who supports President Rawson and the column return to its home base thus averting a coup d'état. The President then deliberates on how best to deal with Perón.
"Victory and Honor" (2011) (with William E. Butterworth IV).
"Victory and Honor" jumps ahead in the narrative timeline to shortly after the German surrender on May 7, 1945. The status quo of many of the characters has changed drastically from the last novel. Cletus has been promoted to Lieutenant Colonel and has a second son, Cletus Junior; Peter von Wachtstein's father is presumed dead following the failure of Operation Valkyrie, and Peter is himself in US custody as a POW; and as President Truman bends to pressure from within the Joint Chiefs, Allen Dulles warns Clete and his men that the OSS is on borrowed time and might be disestablished any moment. Equally troubling is that current Treasury secretary Henry Morgenthau seems determined to uncover the Gehlen personnel that Clete has been smuggling out of Europe via his airline, potentially compromising all the intelligence they have so far provided concerning Soviet Russia, especially their agents who have penetrated the Manhattan Project. Dulles, Graham and Clete have agreed to keep the Gehlen smuggling operation secret from Donovan or the President for fear of compromise to the Soviets, despite the fact that they all are outside the chain of command and risking their careers (in what could be potentially called treason). 
Forces are set into motion to assume control of the OSS, and specifically Clete's operations, and Clete himself is cornered into returning to the US and appears to be headed for court-martial. However, President Truman reveals to Clete that he has decided to revive the OSS as the CIA, and will be taking a much more aggressive stance towards the Soviets than his predecessor. Clete is given presidential direction to continue the Gehlen smuggling operation in Argentina without assistance until the CIA is fully formed and able to assume guidance of him.
Main characters.
Lieutenant Colonel Cletus Howell Frade.
A young Marine pilot who is returned from the Battle of Guadalcanal to the States, ostensibly to join a war bonds tour. However, he is approached by Colonel Alejandro Fredrico Graham to join the OSS due to the fact that his estranged father is one of the most powerful men in Argentina. 
Cletus's father, el Coronel Jorge Guillermo Frade, fell in love with the daughter of oil magnate Cletus Marcus Howell on a trip to the United States, and married her. Their one child, Cletus Howell Frade, was born following a difficult pregnancy. Against doctor's orders, she became pregnant again, killing her; Mr. Howell blamed el Coronel Frade for her death and engineered his expulsion from the United States. Cletus was raised by his uncle and aunt, Jim and Martha Howell, on their ranch in Texas, never again meeting his father until his recruitment in the OSS.
Cletus is placed in charge of an OSS team, whose mission in Argentina is to destroy a ship replenishing German U-boats in Argentine waters. His rekindled relationship with his father assists him in the completion of that mission. When his father is killed by order of the Germans, Cletus inherits his estate and gradually becomes a prominent, powerful member of Argentine society, while still serving covertly as an OSS operative. He also meets and marries Dorotea Mallín, the daughter of one of his grandfather's business associates in Argentina, and in the fifth novel of the series, fathers a child by her.
Frade attended Texas A&M University and Tulane University. His OSS codename is "Tex."
Major Hans-Peter von Wachtstein, Graf von Wachtstein.
A young Luftwaffe pilot who previously served in the Condor Legion during the Spanish Civil War and therefore speaks Spanish. He is a baron, son to Generalleutnant Graf (Count) Karl-Friedrich von Wachtstein, who serves on the staff of the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht. He is also the holder of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross ("awarded by "der Führer" himself"), and is an unabashed ladies' man. When he is selected to escort to Argentina the remains of the late Capitan Jorge Alejandro Duarte (who happens to be Cletus Frade's cousin), his father confides in him that the only hope for the German aristocracy to survive postwar is to assassinate Adolf Hitler. 
From this moment on, Peter's duty as an officer and gentleman who is honor-bound to serve Germany, and not the Nazi regime, continually collides with the reality of operating under constant Nazi control and scrutiny. He meets and befriends Cletus Frade in Argentina, despite their status as opposing officers, and ends up warning Cletus of an attempt on his life. Cletus then assists Peter in moving the Graf's money to Argentinian bank accounts. This leads to Peter becoming Cletus's single most valuable source in the German embassy in Argentina, code-named "Galahad". Despite his lineage and heroic service record, he falls under suspicion of being a traitor.
Peter falls in love with and marries Alicia Carzino-Cormano near the end of "Secret Honor", despite his misgivings that his double agent status will very probably lead to his execution. In the two subsequent novels he is treated more as a supporting character, as the series focuses more closely on Cletus. He resurfaces in "Victory and Honor" as a POW in the US, where he fled after the failure of Operation Valkyrie and the fall of Nazi Germany. He accompanies Clete to Germany on a subsequent mission and insists on infiltrating into Russian-held Pomerania to locate his father's remains and locate his remaining family. Despite what appear to be monumental odds of him surviving this ordeal, he does, and is able to return to Argentina, Alicia, and his new child. Based on eyewitness reports of his father's execution, he ascends to the title of Graf von Wachstein, and Alicia becomes the new Grafin (or Countess).
(Hans-Peter's title is a case of the authors confusing the British System of Peerages, with German titles. In Germany nobility and titles (except for most reigning titles) were always inherited equally by all legitimate descendants of a nobleman. Hence Peter would always have been a Graf (Count) rather than a Freiherr (Baron)).
Supporting characters.
Major Maxwell Ashton IV.
Then Captain Ashton (codename "Snoopy", and later "Bacardi") is in command of a second OSS team which Cletus Frade infiltrates into Argentina during the events of "Blood and Honor". His team consists of First Lieutenant (later Captain) Madison R. Sawyer III ("Polo"), Technical Sergeant (later Master Sergeant) Jerry Ferris, Staff Sergeant (later Technical Sergeant) Jerry O'Sullivan, and Sergeant (later Staff Sergeant) Sigfried Stein. Their mission is to observe Samborombón Bay by radar to detect German replenishment ships or submarines. Ashton is later exfiltrated to Brazil and returns officially as a military attache to the embassy in Buenos Aires.
Despite his very American-sounding name, Ashton is actually half-Cuban and speaks Spanish fluently. He is by his own admission not a brave man, and abhors the thought of parachuting behind the lines or infiltrating Argentina by rubber boat.
Korvettenkapitän Karl Boltitz.
A former U-boat officer who now works for the Abwehr under Wilhelm Canaris. Originally sent to assist in the investigation of a traitor in the German Embassy in Buenos Aires, he realizes that his loyalties do not lie with the Nazi regime and allies himself with Peter von Wachtstein after he discovers that he is a double agent. In "Death and Honor" he is reassigned as the naval attache in Buenos Aires, with a promotion to Kapitän zur See. In OSS communications his codename is "Popeye", later "Johnpaul" (as of "The Honor Of Spies"), in reference to John Paul Jones. In "Victory and Honor" it is revealed that he is in a serious relationship with Clete's sister, Beth.
Alicia Carzina-Cormano de von Wachtstein.
Daughter of Claudia Carzino-Cormano, and Peter von Wachtstein's lover (and later wife). She is smitten with Peter at first sight, but his involvement in the war and the specific dangers that he faces terrify her. When she becomes pregnant as the result of a tryst, Peter is recalled from a trip to Germany to return to Argentina and marry her. She is not at all displeased to learn that she receives the title "Baroness" following her marriage. She and Dorotea Mallín de Frade are best friends since childhood, which is a convenient way to engineer meetings between Peter and Cletus Frade when necessary. After the assumed death of Peter's father in "Victory and Honor", she is referred to as "Countess" rather than "Grafin".
Claudia Carzino-Cormano.
A widow who owns Estancia Santa Catalina, the large estate adjacent to that of el Coronel Jorge Guillermo Frade. After the death of their respective spouses, Claudia and el Coronel become lovers and in fact are married in all but name. Cletus Frade finds out later that this is because if his father had married Claudia, the right of inheritance would go to her rather than to him. Despite this, she and Cletus have a very strong friendship, at times appearing like mother and son. She has two daughters, Alicia and Isabela.
Isabela Carzino-Cormano.
Sister of Alicia Carzino-Cormano de von Wachtstein, and Claudia Carzino-Cormano's older daughter. She was affianced to Capitan Jorge Alejandro Duarte, and chose to cast herself as a grieving almost-widow after his death. Her icy reception of Cletus Frade during their initial meeting led him to dub her "El Bitcho", a name that has spread to many of the main characters and their hired staff by the third book. She often appears fascinated with the German officers who visit her estate, and her behavior towards them is sometimes unfavorably compared to that of an animal in heat. Her behavior also sorely tests her mother's patience.
Brigadeführer-SS Ritter Manfred von Deitzberg.
First Deputy Adjutant to Heinrich Himmler, head of the SS. Von Deitzberg's family fell from aristocratic privilege following reparations after World War I; consequently, he sought rapid promotion by transferring from the Wehrmacht to the SS (in "The Honor Of Spies", this is retconned to suggest he was transferred for misconduct). He became involved in the illicit ransoming of Jews to escape Germany, and the diversion of those funds for personal use. He is seconded back to the Wehrmacht in the uniform of a Generalmajor to investigate the shooting of German Embassy officials and to uncover the traitor in the Buenos Aires embassy. He returns later under cover to personally oversee the preparation of safe havens for Nazi leaders in Argentina. While performing these missions, he makes moves to take sole possession of the illicit ransoming funds, but is eliminated. It is strongly hinted that Coronel Juan Perón assumes possession of a great deal of this money subsequently.
Humberto Valdez Duarte.
Father of the late Capitan Jorge Alejandro Duarte, whose remains Peter von Wachtstein escorted home from Europe. He is married to Beatrice Frade de Duarte, el Coronel Frade's sister, who after the death of her son has gone slightly mad and is detached from reality due to her medications. He is also the managing director of the Anglo-Argentine Bank, which proves invaluable to both Cletus and Peter in the pursuit of several of their missions.
Staff Sergeant David Ettinger.
Codenamed "Sarnoff", Dave Ettinger is a former counterintelligence agent in the Army, and a Jewish refugee from Nazi Germany. He is attached to Cletus Frade's OSS team as a radioman, but also for his ties to the growing Jewish community in Argentina. While in Buenos Aires, his investigations lead to the discovery of a ransom scheme where Jews living outside Germany can pay for their relatives to be released from concentration camps and emigrated to Argentina. This investigation, codenamed "Lindbergh" by the OSS, becomes a priority for Frade's team, and is confirmed by von Wachtstein. Ettinger is assassinated by order of the Germans when he disobeys Frade's orders and leaves the safety of the estancia to investigate further.
Coronel (Retired) Jorge Guillermo Frade.
A powerful Argentine landowner, prominent former military officer, and businessman who is clearly in line to become the next President of Argentina following a military coup that he is planning. He is the father of Cletus Howell Frade, but has not seen him since shortly after his birth. He owns several estancias, large ranches, in Argentina and neighboring Uruguay, as well as interests in vineyards, radio stations, and various other enterprises. He is at first sympathetic to the Germans, having attended the Kriegsschule while in the service, but his reunion with his son, who is a serving officer in the US Marine Corps and the OSS, tilts him towards the Americans. He substantially aids his son in his mission to sink a German submarine replenishment ship, for which he is targeted for assassination by the Germans. His death has the unintended effect of turning much of the Argentine officer corps against the Germans (with the conspicuous exception of Coronel Juan Domingo Perón), and accelerates the military coup against the sitting president, Ramon Castillo. After his death, his estate is inherited completely by Cletus Frade.
Colonel Alejandro Fredrico Graham.
Cletus Frade's immediate superior in the OSS, codename "Aggie", a reserve colonel in the Marine Corps who in civilian life is a railroad and shipping magnate, and currently serves as the Assistant Director for Western Hemisphere Operations of the OSS. He is torn between admiration of and frustration with Frade, who he recognizes both as an irreplaceable asset and a loose cannon. In most appearances during the series, he is either defending Frade to Wild Bill Donovan or trying to rein him in, sometimes with harsh verbal haranguing. He identifies himself as Tex-Mex and speaks fluent Spanish. He is identified in "Death and Honor" as one of two OSS officers to whom Donovan would potentially pass leadership of the OSS.
Cletus Marcus Howell, Esq..
Owner and chairman of the board of Howell Petroleum, namesake to his grandson, and a key figure in Cletus Frade's life prior to his joining the Marine Corps and the OSS. A tall, thin, sharp-featured septuagenarian, he blames el Coronel Frade for the death of his daughter subsequent to Cletus's birth. The loss of his daughter leads him to pull legal and administrative strings to have Frade barred from entering the US to reclaim Cletus. His son James, and James' wife, Martha, then raise Cletus as their own alongside their two daughters. He is an acquaintance of Colonel Graham, and therefore becomes at least partially aware of Cletus's OSS operations from the beginning — in fact, Cletus and Pelosi's first covers in Argentina are as Howell Petroleum employees. Despite his deep distrust and outspoken hatred of "all things Argentine", as Cletus puts it, he begrudgingly changes course and accepts Dorotea into the family when Cletus informs him that he is to be a grandfather. He appears a product of a certain generation, with subtly racial overtones to his opinions (noticeable when he refers to Ettinger as "the Jew").
Several times during the series, when Graham, Donovan, or other people are considering taking disciplinary action against Cletus, they are at least mindful of the fact that Mr. Howell is a very prominent businessman, with senators, newspaper owners, and other important people in his social circle, and probably would bring his considerable influence to bear in protecting Cletus.
Milton Liebermann.
Ostensibly a legal attache to the US Embassy in Buenos Aires, he is in fact the FBI Special agent In Charge in Argentina. A middle-aged man who has the appearance of a banker or lawyer, Milton is in fact a highly skilled intelligence operative. Despite the turf war between the OSS and FBI in the Western Hemisphere, he and Cletus Frade often find themselves comparing notes and sharing information. He is referred to by Cletus Frade in OSS communications as "Hoover".
Ambassador Manfred Alois Graf von Lutzenberger.
Senior diplomat in the German Embassy in Buenos Aires, and secretly a family friend and ally of the von Wachtsteins. His authority is a great help in deflecting some of the suspicion that falls on Peter von Wachstein, and he helps von Wachtstein smuggle and hide family money into Argentina.
Dorotea Mallín de Frade.
A young Argentine woman, who when Cletus Frade meets her, is barely nineteen. He privately dubs her the "Virgin Princess", being smitten with her upon first sight, which feeling is entirely reciprocal. Her father, Enrico Mallín, is highly protective of her and fiercely opposes the relationship; the point becomes moot when she becomes pregnant and Cletus Frade marries her. She quickly assumes not only the duties and responsibilities of the wife of a highly wealthy socialite and businessman, but also becomes extremely involved in Cletus's work as an OSS agent. Her intimate knowledge of OSS operations in Argentina concerns Cletus, as well as Colonel Graham and General Donovan at the OSS, but they all agree that she is a more than capable asset to the operation. In "The Honor Of Spies" she effectively operates as Cletus's second-in-command, even copiloting his aircraft. She gives birth to his son, Jorge Howell Frade, near the end of the fifth novel. Her OSS codename is "Cowgirl".
Enrico Mallín.
Managing director of the Sociedad Mercantil de Importación de Productos Petrolíferos (SMIPP), an Argentine petroleum importation firm. His firm represents Howell Petroleum throughout South America and therefore becomes Cletus Frade's host when he first arrives in Argentina under the guise of a Howell Petroleum employee. Cletus's attitude and attention to his daughter, Dorotea, infuriate him. It is revealed in "Honor Bound" that he keeps a mistress, Maria-Teresa Alberghoni, who becomes involved with Lieutenant Tony Pelosi.
Coronel Alejandro Martín.
Head of the Ethical Standards Office of the Bureau of Internal Security (BIS), Argentina's intelligence and counterintelligence service. A former cavalry officer, he finds his duties to be sometimes repugnant and his subordinates at times incompetent. He sides with el Coronel Frade and the military coup, and is promoted to Coronel and retained in service at the BIS following the takeover. He is more or less aware of Cletus Frade's true status and purpose in Argentina, but for the most part does not interfere with his operations, since he himself is pro-Allies and anti-German. However, Cletus is acutely aware that if and when Martín decides that the OSS presence in Argentina does not coincide with the best interests of Argentina, he will take swift action. Frade refers to him as "Cavalry" in OSS communications, but protects his identity. He refers to him as "Jedgar", in reference to J. Edgar Hoover when he is not quoting him as an intelligence source (as of "The Honor Of Spies").
As often happens with Griffin's many series written over long periods of time, Martín's first name is subject to a continuity error: it was originally Alejandro Bernando Martín, but alternated between Alejandro and Bernardo over the course of the series.
Suboficial Mayor (Retired) Enrico Rodríguez.
Lifelong friend and servant of el Coronel Jorge Guillermo Frade, and after his death, of Cletus Frade. He joined the Argentine Army to serve as el Coronel Frade's batman, and later retired with him, after serving as the commanding officer and "suboficial mayor" (sergeant major) of the "Húsares de Puerryrredón", the elite cavalry formation of the Argentine Army. His complete devotion to el Coronel Frade resulted in him being shot and left for dead during el Coronel Frade's assassination. This, coupled with the death of his sister at the hands of the Germans, has left him deeply committed to killing as many Nazis as he can find, and protecting Cletus and Dorotea, even if it meant his death. He personally avenged his sister and el Coronel Frade when he shot two high-ranking Nazi officers in "Blood and Honor", led the counterattack against a raiding party of SS troops in "Death and Honor", and is depicted as a well-connected and resourceful old soldier with many friends throughout the Argentine military and the late Coronel Frade's many organizations. In later books he often takes command of ad hoc paramilitary units composed of military veterans who have found employment with the Frade businesses in order to assist Clete and his team in their missions. 
While Enrico appears to be slow and sleepy to the uninformed observer, he is usually heavily armed, quite difficult to fool, and usually has a piece or two of sage advice to keep Cletus out of harm's way, and in fact is a highly skilled and experienced combat soldier. His presence near Cletus is a near given; many times he has pointed out that anyone who did "not" see him at Cletus's side might presume that some treachery was afoot.
First Lieutenant Anthony Pelosi.
Previously an engineer platoon leader from the 82nd Airborne Division, Pelosi signed up for the OSS when it became clear to him that engineer work in the Army did not match up to his previous experience in civilian life as a salvage and demolitions contractor. He is selected to join Cletus Frade's team for his explosives knowledge, as one possible way to sink a suspected German submarine replenishment ship. The Navy and OSS instructors assigned to teach him military explosives are amazed at his skill in the subject matter. However, he instead ends up constructing incendiary devices so that an American submarine can locate and sink the ship at night. He is subsequently reassigned as an attache to the embassy in Buenos Aires, while covertly continuing to serve on Cletus's OSS team. He becomes involved with an Italian-Argentine girl, who turns out to be Enrico Mallin's mistress; she ends up marrying him sometime between "Secret Honor" and "Death and Honor".
Lieutenant Oscar J. Schultz.
Originally a Chief Petty Officer, Chief Radioman aboard the USS "Alfred Thomas". He is recruited "ad hoc" into the OSS when his radio skills are required to complete the sinking of the replenishment ship. He ends up left ashore in Argentina when his ship sails. To hide in plain sight, he affects the garb and mannerisms of a gaucho, hundreds of which work and live on Cletus Frade's estancia. However, he is frightened of horses, instead choosing to ride in one of the estate's ancient Model T trucks. In "Death and Honor" he is given a battlefield commission in the Naval Reserve and promoted to Lieutenant.

</doc>
<doc id="18315421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315421" title="John Carter of Mars (collection)">
John Carter of Mars (collection)

John Carter of Mars is the eleventh and final book in the "Barsoom" series by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It is not actually a novel but rather a collection of two "John Carter of Mars" stories. 
The first, "John Carter and the Giant of Mars", is a juvenile story penned by Burrough's son John "Jack" Coleman Burroughs, and claimed to have been revised by Burroughs. It was written for a Whitman Big Little Book, illustrated by Jack Burroughs that was published in 1940 and then republished in "Amazing Stories" the next year. 
The second story, "Skeleton Men of Jupiter", was first published in "Amazing Stories" in 1943. Intended as the first in a series of novelettes to be later collected in book form, in the fashion of "Llana of Gathol", it ends with the plot unresolved, and the intended sequels were never written. Several other writers have written pastiche endings for the story.
The first edition of "John Carter of Mars" (a title that Burroughs never actually used for any book in the "Barsoom" series) was published in 1964 by Canaveral Press, fourteen years after Burroughs's death.
Reception.
This book is not highly regarded by fans of the "Barsoom" series and is generally considered something of an afterthought. However, in the book "", Richard A. Lupoff, the editor of the 1964 Canaveral Press edition of "John Carter of Mars", writes that it is interesting for its contrast between "real" Burroughs ("Skeleton Men of Jupiter") and "ersatz" Burroughs ("John Carter and the Giant of Mars").
Copyright.
The copyright for this book has expired in Australia, and thus now resides in the public domain there. The text is available via Project Gutenberg Australia.
Popular media.
"John Carter" is a film based on the character, released by Disney on 9 March 2012. Although the titles closely match, the film is based on earlier novels.

</doc>
<doc id="18315504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315504" title="Fröjel Formation">
Fröjel Formation

Stratigraphy.
The formation, nine to eleven metres thick in total, contains two subdivisions, the Svarvare Mudstone Member, two to three metres thick, which is overlain by the Gannarve Siltstone Member, seven to eight metres in thickness. 
(This is also known as the Silte Siltstone, but does not form part of the Slite Group.) The water depth was decreasing as the Gannarve member was deposited, so the member shows evidence of shallowing up. The formation is overlain with an oolite, which rests unconformably on an erosion surface - a sequence boundary - created at a time of low sea level. This erosional surface formed a flat - a rocky shore which was inundated by the sea at times, but was also subject to subaerial rainfall. Calcium carbonate penetrated the underlying sediment (the top of the Gannarve member), altering the existing dolomitic siltstone.
Formation.
The Svarvare member was deposited during the end of a sea level highstand; the Gannarve member was subsequently deposited when falling sea levels exposed land, increasing the influx of terrigenous material. Deposition occurred under storm conditions.
The sea levels fell as a result of increasing ice buildup in Gondwana, which then occupied the South pole; this caused increased carbonate weathering, and possibly increased organic burial, leading to the positive excursion.
Exposure.
The formation is no longer exposed at the surface; it is only known from drill cores.
Palaeontology.
Graptolites are abundant in parts of the Svarvare member, which also contains Ramphoprionid polychaetes.

</doc>
<doc id="18315515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315515" title="Ahmed Bukhatir">
Ahmed Bukhatir

Ahmed Bukhatir () (born 16 October 1975) is an Emirati Nasheed singer. He is the only Nasheed singer from the UAE to ever top a Virgin music chart.
Biography.
Ahmed Bukhatir was born in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. He was the fifth child of ten born into his family. His father is Abdul Rahman Bukhatir, who became a successful businessman during the economic boom that occurred in the UAE during the 1970s and 80s. As a child Bukhatir spent several years at an Islamic center in Sharjah learning the rules of Quranic recitation called Tajwid. Bukhatir began singing professionally at the age of 20, and released his first album in 2000 entitled Entasaf Al-Layl. Throughout his recording career he has continued to sing without musical instruments according to the Islamic Sharia law. His live performances have attracted sizeable audiences, such as at a Global Peace and Unity (GPU) event in the United Kingdom in 2006 that gained an audience of 35,000 attendees to see the various speakers and performers. He has participated in many charity events including the Muslim Aid 25th Anniversary Event in London, United Kingdom, in 2010. Along with Islamic nasheeds, Ahmed also performs nasheeds which place emphasis on community issues in multiple societies both within and outside the world of Islam. Today Bukhatir is considered to be among the ten most prominent singers of Nasheed in the world.
Business career.
Ahmed Bukhatir graduated in 1999 from Al Ain University of Science and Technology. At the age of 29 he became the CEO of Promax ME, a public relations company in the UAE. In 2005 under his stewardship the company won the Gulf Marketing Review Marketing Effectiveness Award for the best public relations agency in the Middle East. He is currently chair of the Mcfadden Group of Companies, which is involved in UAE construction as well as several other ventures. In addition, Bukhatir is a member of the board of Directors in the Bukhatir Group. In politics, he is an appointee by the Ruler of Sharjah to become a member of the Sharjah Council as a senator. While in office he has been a vehement defender of Dubai's construction boom. His business interests also include the role of brand ambassador for "Du Telecom", a telecommunications company in the UAE.
Performances & concerts.
Ahmed first performed at a major concert in 2002, attended by members of the Royal Families of UAE. He performed at the "Holy Qura'an" competition attended by H.H. Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum and Sheikh Abdul Rahman Al Sudais, the imam of the Grand mosque in Mecca, Saudi Arabia. In addition to many regional performances, Ahmed has toured in various other nations including India, South Africa, Australia and, most notably, at the Global Peace and Unity event which was held in London, United Kingdom, in 2006. He has performed several other notable concerts in London, including a concert at Excel Hall in London in front of over 25,000 people and several concerts at the Natural History Museum in London. On 3 July 2010, Ahmed performed at the 3rd Annual “Journey of Faith” Conference which was held in Toronto, Canada. This was the first time Ahmed had performed across the Atlantic. Ahmed has also attended many other fundraising events as a performer. For example, on 4 April 2012 he performed before H.H. Sheikh Nahyan bin Mubarak Al Nahyan at a benefit for the Sightsavers Middle East foundation.
Bukhatir's first concerts on US soil took place in April 2012, when he appeared at events sponsored by the Al-Furqaan Foundation's Furqaan Academy that were held in Dallas, Houston, and Chicago. In May he then performed at conference events cohosted by the Islamic Circle of North America and Muslim American Society staged in Hartford, Connecticut.
Ahmed is performed at the Annual Conference 2012 of JUSTICE at the Forum Switzerland on December 2012. Ahmed sang some of his most popular nasheeds live to his fans in Switzerland for the first time.
In May 2013, Bukhatir participated in Syria charity Dinner tour in the United Kingdom to help those in need, which was organized by Human Appeal International. The UK dinner tour started in Blackburn then Leicester and ended in Birmingham. Bukhatir performed all of his famous nasheeds then signed CDs and autographs for the fans.

</doc>
<doc id="18315528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315528" title="USS Florence (SP-173)">
USS Florence (SP-173)

USS "Florence" (SP-173) was a yacht leased from her owner by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was outfitted as an armed patrol craft, and her owner, Ensign James W. Alker, was named as commanding officer of the yacht and its crew of sixteen. "Florence", based out of New York City, was assigned various duties in the Long Island Sound. Post-war she was reconfigured to her original civilian condition, and was returned to her owner.
A yacht built in Rhode Island.
"Florence" (No. 173) was built by the Herreshoff Manufacturing Company of Bristol, Rhode Island, as the yacht "Quickstep". She was free leased by the Navy for wartime service in late April 1917 and placed in commission on 29 August of that year as USS "Florence" (SP-173), commanded by her owner, Ensign James W. Alker, USNRF, of New York City.
World War I service.
"Florence" was assigned to the 3d Naval District for patrol duty in Long Island Sound. During 1918 she also conducted drills, acted as guardship, convoyed submarines out for operations, and set up target ranges for the ships of the fleet. 
Post-war decommissioning and disposal.
On 22 February 1919 "Florence" was placed out of commission and returned to her owner.

</doc>
<doc id="18315546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315546" title="Jim Wallace (baseball)">
Jim Wallace (baseball)

James Leo Wallace was a professional baseball player. He played seven games in Major League Baseball for the Pittsburgh Pirates in , all as a right fielder. He batted .207 in his brief major league career, going 6-for-29 with 3 RBI.

</doc>
<doc id="18315565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315565" title="15 cm Kanone 39">
15 cm Kanone 39

The 15 cm Kanone 39 (15 cm K 39) was a German heavy gun used in the Second World War. First deliveries began in 1940 to the Wehrmacht. In the Battle of France only the independent Artillerie-Batterie 698 was equipped with the gun. For Operation Barbarossa it served with the Artillerie-Abteilungen 680, 731, 740 and 800. A year later for Fall Blau they served with Artillerie-Abteilungen 511, 620, 680, 767 and 800.
Design & History.
Designed by Krupp as a dual-purpose heavy field and coast defence gun in the late-1930s for Turkey. Only two had been delivered before the rest were appropriated by the Heer upon the outbreak of World War II. In the coast defense role it was provided with an elaborate portable turntable. This had a central platform and twelve radial struts that connected to an outer ring. In action the trails would be locked together and put on a small trolley that rode on the outer ring. Coarse aiming was by cranking the trolley back and forth while fine laying was done by traversing the gun on its mount, up to the 6° limit imposed by the closed trails.
For transport it broke down into two loads, the barrel being removed and carried on its own wagon. A third wagon was necessary to carry the firing platform. It could fire the same ammunition as the 15 cm Kanone 18 as well as its own special ammunition designed to Turkish specifications.

</doc>
<doc id="18315571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315571" title="South West Industrial, Saskatoon">
South West Industrial, Saskatoon

South West Industrial, also known as Holiday Park Industrial and labelled SEDCO Industrial on city maps of the 1980s and 1990s, is an industrial subdivision located in the Confederation SDA in southwest Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.
Economy.
Major businesses include Cameco Corporation, Hi-Way Greenhouse, Can-Pro Auto Parts and Mercury Graphics. The area was originally dominated by the Mitchell's Gourmet Foods plant (once known as Intercontinental Packers) for decades, until the building was demolished in the late 2000s to make way for an extension of Circle Drive. Although the subdivision has existed since the 1980s, it has a large number of vacant lots; this had the benefit of facilitating the construction of Circle Drive in the early 2010s as the City of Saskatoon was able to appropriate land for the freeway (and, specifically, its interchange with Valley Road) without needing to deal with too many businesses other than the aforementioned Mitchell's plant.
Transportation.
11th Street West and Circle Drive are the main traffic arteries into the area. The main road through South West Industrial is Fletcher Road, which becomes Avenue W to the north of Dudley Street. Construction of Circle Drive, however, forced the removal of Fletcher Road's western access into the area; the City plans to build a new connector via Dudley Street to 11th Street to compensate.
City Transit.
South West Industrial is served by Saskatoon Transit bus route #3.
Location.
The southern boundary of the South West Industrial is the CNR track. The CPR tracks (west of Avenue W) and 11th Street West form the northern boundary. Holiday Park and the Gordie Howe Management Area lie to the east, and Dundonald Avenue forms the western boundary.
On June 20, 2008, the mayor announced that funding for the $300 million project from the federal, provincial and city governments was put in place to build a six-lane bridge and 7 km of freeway to complete the road. The project opened on July 31, 2013. One of the main access points into South West Industrial, Fletcher Road via Dundonald Avenue, was closed to make way for an interchange between Circle Drive and Valley Road; the only points of entrance and egress into the area is from the north and east. Several streets were also realigned to make way for the interchange; no demolition was required for this, however the alignment of the Circle Drive freeway itself and construction of an interchange at 11th Street West required one of the area's major tenants, Intercontinental Packers, to relocate and its longstanding facility east of 11th Street and Dundonald Avenue was demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="18315580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315580" title="Kimaru Songok">
Kimaru Songok

Kimaru Songok (born 1936 in Nandi District) is a former Kenyan runner who specialised in 400 metres hurdles.
He was among the first Kenyan medalists internationally, when he won silver in 440 Yards hurdles at the 1962 Commonwealth Games. Songok was also part of the Kenyan 4 x 440 yards relay team which finished fifth. Other members of the relay team were Wilson Kiprugut, Peter Francis and Seraphino Antao. At the same games, Antao became the first Kenyan international champion. 
He won 400 metres hurdles gold medal at the inaugural All-Africa Games in 1965. He also won multiple gold medals at the East and Central African Championships.
He competed at the 1964 and 1968 Olympics, but failed to advance beyond heats both times.

</doc>
<doc id="18315585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315585" title="Lake Hajikabul">
Lake Hajikabul

Hajikabul is the largest lake of Azerbaijan. 
It is located to the south-west of Baku, near Shirvan city, in Hajigabul Rayon, not far from a railway station. Its total area is 1668 ha, maximal length - 6 km, maximal width - 3 km and depth - 5 m. The lake is supplied by waters of the Kura River, with a special channel. Temperature of water hesitates between 5 °C and 28,5 °C. Pellucidity of water is between 0,06 and 2,5 m. Barbel, carp, sheatfish, pike, zander and grass carp are commercial fishes of the lake. Water plants such as reed mace, reed, bulrush, buttercup and hornwort are met in the lake. 
The lake is located in Kur-Araz Lowland. It formed in the result of withdrawal of the Caspian Sea in a definite geological period. Spring flows of the Kura River increase the area of the lake. 
It doesn’t freeze in winter and has a great significance for hibernation of migratory birds. 

</doc>
<doc id="18315613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315613" title="Geography and identity in Wales">
Geography and identity in Wales

A number of historians of Wales have queried the notion of a single, cohesive Welsh identity. In 1921 Sir Alfred Zimmern, the inaugural professor of international relations at the University of Wales, Aberystwyth, argued that there was "not one Wales, but three": archetypal 'Welsh Wales', industrial or 'American Wales', and upper-class 'English Wales'. Each represented different parts of the country and different traditions. In 1985 political analyst Dennis Balsom proposed a similar 'Three Wales model'. Balsom's regions were the Welsh-speaking heartland of the north and west, "Y Fro Gymraeg"; a consciously Welsh - but not Welsh-speaking - 'Welsh Wales' in the South Wales Valleys; and a more ambivalent 'British Wales' making up the remainder, largely in the east and along the south coast. This division reflects, broadly, the areas where Plaid Cymru, Labour, and the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats respectively tend to enjoy most political support.
Topography has traditionally limited the integration between north and south Wales, with the two halves virtually functioning as separate economic and social units in the pre-industrial era. Even today, the main road and rail links run east-west. By the inter-war years, industry in south Wales was increasingly linked to Avonside and the English Midlands, and that in north Wales to Merseyside. Liverpool was often called "the capital of north Wales" in the late 19th and early 20th century. With 20,000 Welsh-born people living on either side of the Mersey in 1901, the city had an array of Welsh chapels and cultural institutions, hosted the National Eisteddfod in 1884, 1900 and 1929, and gave rise to several leading figures in Welsh life in the 20th century. The "Liverpool Daily Post" became, effectively, the daily newspaper for north Wales. The decline of Liverpool after the Second World War, and changing patterns of Welsh migration, caused the Welsh presence to diminish; in the 1960s the flooding of the Tryweryn Valley to provide the city with water soured relations with many people in Wales.
North Walians are called, in Welsh, "Gogs" (from the Welsh "gogledd", "north") and south Walians "Hwntws" (from "tu hwnt" roughly meaning 'far away over there' or 'beyond'). There are differences in the Welsh vocabulary between the north and south; for instance, the south Walian word for "now" is "nawr", whereas the north Walian is "rwan".
The more urbanised south, containing cities such as Cardiff, Newport and Swansea, which was historically home to the coal and steel industries, contrasts with the mostly rural North, where agriculture and slate quarrying were the main industries. Although the M4 corridor brings wealth into South Wales, particularly Cardiff, there is no pronounced economic divide between North and South as in England; there is, for example, a high level of poverty in the post-industrial South Wales Valleys.

</doc>
<doc id="18315622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315622" title="Aarathi">
Aarathi

Aarathi (born 1954 in Aragal, Mysore) is an Indian actress turned director who works predominantly in Kannada language films. She is best known for her acting prowess in many author backed female centric roles during the 1970s and 1980s. After her self-declared retirement from films in the late 1980s, she returned as director with "Mithayi Mane" (2005) which met with critical appreciation and also won the Karnataka State Film Award for Best Children's Film.
As a lead actress in more than 125 feature films, Aarathi was considered to be among the top league of actresses of her time, having won Filmfare awards four times and the Karnataka State Film Award for Best Actress several times. She was also nominated as the Member of Legislative Council at the Vidhana parishad making her only the second actress after B. Jayamma.
Career.
After her first short role in the film "Gejje Pooje" (1969), Aarathi went on to star as a leading actress in many successful films such as "Naagarahaavu", "Edakallu Guddada Mele", "Bili Hendthi", "Dharmasere", "Paduvaaralli Pandavaru", "Ranganayaki", "Hombisilu", "Upaasane" and "Shubhamangala". Apart from Kannada, she also appeared in Tamil films such as "Gumasthavin Magal" and Telugu films such as "Vooriki Upakari".
Aarathi has worked opposite all the leading actors of her time including Dr.Rajkumar, Dr.Vishnuvardhan, Dr.Ambareesh, Srinath, Ananth Nag, Shankar Nag, Kamal Hassan, Rajinikanth and Gangadhar. Her collaboration with the director Puttanna Kanagal produced cult films and they went on to work together in about twelve films.
Personal life.
Aarathi does a great deal of charity work. She left the film industry in 1987, and married Chandrashekar Desai Gowdar and moved to the USA where she has lived in ever since. She has two daughters. Her elder daughter, Yashaswini, scripted the story for "Mithayi Mane".

</doc>
<doc id="18315633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315633" title="Lake Boyukshor">
Lake Boyukshor

Boyukshor (), also spelled separately Boyuk Shor (in translation refers to "Big Salty Waters") is the second largest lake of Azerbaijan and largest on Absheron Peninsula. It is located in the center of the Absheron peninsula, on the boundaries of Binagadi, Sabunchu and Narimanov raions of the city of Baku.
Overview.
According to geological data, the average depth of the water in the lake is 3.40-3.95 meters; the maximum depth is 4.20 meters. The shoreline depth ranges from 0.50 to 1.70 meters. The lake is in oval shape and its length from the northwestern to southeastern bank is about 10 km whilst the maximum width is 1.5-2.0 km. The lake feeds from the underground waters and completely contained from any rivers. The lake surface is 1,300 hectares and the volume is 45 million cm3.
Ecology.
The ecological situation of the lake is in bad state. It is polluted with waste from surrounding businesses. According to the Ministry of Ecology, about 18 thousand m3 of industrial and communal waste is disposed to the lake. One of the main sources of pollution is the oil waste waters from oil exploration and production boom of 1930s. The first oil storage reservoir was built near the lake in 1866. In 2004, the ecological state of the lake was placed in extremely poor category. Additionally, the construction works which started with drying out of the lake caused more pollution for the residents of the area. The strong winds of Baku create dust from the sand transported to the lake location to dry the lake. Expert have also alleged that while dehydrating the lake, sediments spread by the wind will cause more ecological problems.
Construction of entertainment complex.
In 2000s, Baku authorities prepared a plan for construction of a big entertainment complex on the place of the Boyuk Shor lake. The lake is planned to be dried out and set of parks and buildings be constructed on its territory. The first stage of the project plans to consume 128 hectares of the territory with 70% to be composed of soil and 30% of yet to be created clean artificial lake. It will include an entertainment park, sports and resort facilities and gardens. Azerbaijan's Oil Museum, Azerbaijani Tea and Azerbaijani Wines museums are proposed to be built as well. A new mall on 4.5 hectares will be built too. The main entrance to the park will be from the Boyuk Shor Highway (known as the "airport highway") Close to the entrance, "Children's World" complex will be constructed. It will include a movie theater, concert hall, cafe, a zoo (14 ha), attractions park (10 ha). The center of the complex will have an artificial lake with small boats tours, a 300 meter high waterfalls. The complex will also include a 1,000 meter long railroad for kids.

</doc>
<doc id="18315646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315646" title="Allen French">
Allen French

Allen French (28 November 1870-1946) was a historian and children's book author who did major research on the battles of Lexington and Concord, during the American Revolutionary War. He was a founding member and president of the Thoreau Society.
Born in Boston, French attended Harvard University for his undergraduate education.
Several of his children's books were illustrated by painter Andrew Wyeth.

</doc>
