<doc id="18359188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359188" title="Stanley Street Quarter">
Stanley Street Quarter

The "Stanley Street Quarter" (sometimes Liverpool Gay Quarter or Village) is an area within the historic downtown of Liverpool City Centre, England, which serves as the main focal point for Liverpool's lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community. It is made up of mixed use developments including residential blocks, hotels, bars, nightclubs and various other businesses, many of which cater for the LGBT community. The quarter is also one of the sites where the annual Liverpool Pride is held.
The neighbourhood encompasses Stanley Street, Davies Street, Cumberland Street, Sir Thomas Street, Dale Street, Temple Street & Lane, Victoria Street, Hackins Hey, Leather Lane and Eberle Street. Stanley Street has often been seen as the symbolic heart of the 'gay quarter' and is where a large number of the bars are found. 
On 12 August 2011, Liverpool City Council officially recognised the area as the city's 'gay quarter', and on 6 December 2013, City Council Cabinet members took the decision to endorse a dedicated Community interest company to further the development of the quarter and access funding which the local authority would otherwise be unable to. It will become active from the beginning of 2014.
History of LGBT Liverpool.
Victorian Criminalisation to Queen Square.
In keeping with Liverpool's history as a major seafaring port, the local gay community can be traced as far back as the Victorian era. Whilst in the past research into this area has been limited and scarce, interest has grown considerably in recent times. 
In his 2011 lecture 'Policing Sex Between Men: 1850-1971', historian Jeff Evans examined 70,000 criminal records dating back to 1850 and was able to shed light on hundreds of records of men prosecuted under the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885 (the law used to prosecute Oscar Wilde) found in the court papers of Liverpool and North West England.
The legacy of Victorian laws and homosexual criminalisation meant that the city's lesbian and gay community would be largely underground for the next century and little is known about it during this period. However, recent research has highlighted the existence of an unofficial gay quarter around Queen Square from as early as the 1940s, which earned itself the nickname "Covent Garden of the North". Although gay sex between consenting adults was not legalised until 1967, the gay community enjoyed relative acceptance in this area and establishments such as the Stork Hotel, the Roebuck, Spanish House, Magic Clock, Royal Court, and The Dart all boasted a substantial gay clientele, albeit liaisons were still held in secret to a degree. By the early 1970s, a gay society named 'The Homophile Society', which campaigned for homosexual equality, was formed at the University of Liverpool.
Queen Square to Stanley Street.
The building of the new St. John's Shopping Centre and subsequent demolition of the original Queen Square meant the gay community was forced to find a new home and by 1972, with the opening of Paco's, the community had now began to settle around Stanley Street in what was to develop into Liverpool's modern day Gay Quarter.
Further Research.
Research into Liverpool's gay past took a significant turning point in 2004 as part of the inaugural Homotopia celebrations, the city's home grown gay arts festival. A major project titled 'Tales From Yester-Queer' organised in conjunction with The Armistead Project, Unity Theatre and Liverpool Record Office, became the first ever attempt to pay tribute to the experiences of older lesbian and gay Liverpudlians.
The project involved collecting and collating various spoken, written and video sources, as well as a short film commission 'Gayzin Liverpool', produced by local filmmaker Sandi Hughes.
The event became the catalyst for a major public perspective of gay and lesbian Liverpool and shortly followed was 'Our Story Liverpool', an oral history resource which recorded the experiences of community members from the 1930s to the present day. 
A similar and more recent project titled "Pink: Past & Present" has also explored the rich lesbian and gay history of the city which had its world premier in November 2010.
Present Day Gay Quarter.
Pedestrianisation.
In June 2008, Liverpool City Council launched a Public consultation on the partial pedestrianisation of streets in the gay quarter, with a view to enhancing the night time leisure experience of the area. The council had originally proposed to restrict traffic in Stanley Street, Cumberland Street and Eberle Street after 6pm with the use of automatic hydraulic bollards at strategic locations.
After concerns were raised over restricted access to the streets by some businesses in the area, the City Council proposed to reduce hours of street closure and held a second consultation in November 2008. It was decided that reduced hours of street closure would be a compromise to accommodate deliveries to some day-time businesses in the area. 
As a result of campaigns from the LGBT community, the Council held a third consultation between Friday 23 January 2009 and Friday 20 February 2009, and proposed longer hours of pedestrianisation. After analysing public opinion, the City Council decided that hours proposed the third time round were insufficient in ensuring pedestrian safety.
A fourth and final consultation was held in September 2009 and no objections from the public were lodged.
Liverpool's gay quarter was finally pedestrianised on 10 December 2009. Stanley Street is now closed to traffic between 10pm-6am seven days of the week, Cumberland Street is closed between 6pm-6am seven days of the week, and Eberle Street is closed for 24 hours of the day seven days of the week. This will be further reviewed in 2014 as part of a public consultation on the future aspirations of the area led by the new Community Interest Company 
Thanks to pedestrianisation and a cooperative effort to promote the Stanley Street quarter to shoppers and tourists, a number of day time community events were launched in 2012 including Mother's Day celebrations, an Arts & Literature Day, and a series of monthly markets with street entertainment and pavement cafes.
Ongoing Redevelopment.
Initial plans to revamp Liverpool's gay quarter were unveiled in February 2011 after detailed consultation with the public and stakeholders. City leaders believe a vibrant gay village around Stanley Street is key to the future economic success of Liverpool city centre as an international tourist destination. Urban planner Feria Urbanism carried out a £12,000 study in conjunction with the City Council to formulate a vision for the gay quarter to put it on a par with the best in the UK. The company is consulted with businesses and residents in the area to see how public areas and safety can be improved. With the founding of the new Community Interest Company the area's steering group recognised that there was a need to refresh this strategy and an update, looking in more detail at platemaking is expected to be launched in May 2014, in time for the International Festival for Business 2014.
Cllr Nick Small, cabinet member for employment and skills, said: "We have made strides in recent years and are being seen as a more gay-friendly city than was the case a few years ago. We now need to look at how we can develop and promote the quarter."
As a result of this report in 2011, numerous regeneration options for the Stanley Street quarter were under discussion and include new rainbow coloured paving, artworks, gateway features, street-tree planting, new outdoor seating and street furniture, and a new public square. A consultation on Feria Urbanism's draft report titled "Stanley Street: Strategic direction for a vital urban quarter (May 2011)" has taken place. Suggestions for which organisations and stakeholders should take responsibility for proposed actions and recommendations have also been made, and it is envisaged that initial stages of regeneration should take place over the next 2–5 years, with a longer term vision. As part of the first phase of redevelopment, Liverpool became the first city in the UK to install street signage bearing the rainbow coloured Gay Pride flag on 11 November 2011. The signage identifies the city's Gay Quarter located on Stanley Street, Cumberland Street, Temple Lane, Eberle Street and Temple Street.
Following the announcement of redevelopment plans for Liverpool's Gay Quarter, several other British cities have called for similar initiatives in their local area. A delegation from West Yorkshire visited Liverpool in March 2012 to learn from the city's experience with a view to establishing an official gay area based on The Calls and Lower Briggate district of Leeds. Campaigners in the city of Brighton and Hove are also now calling for their gay district to be officially recognised.
Community Interest Company.
In December 2013, Liverpool City Council approved the formation of a dedicated firm to help attract investment into and improve the quarter. The Stanley Street QuarterCommunity interest company will be registered in time for 2014. The move builds on work that has taken place since 2011 including the setting up of a steering group involving councillors and representatives of the quarter, which has looked at ways of boosting the village’s image as a local, national and international visitor destination. The new company will actively seek to involve stakeholders and the public in its efforts to develop the area, including reserved places on the 'Board of Directors' for local businesses and interested members of the public. 
Destination.
VisitBritain, Britain's national tourism agency, acknowledges Liverpool as one of Britain's most notable gay cities, and recognises the growing investment in the Gay Quarter. Liverpool City Council hopes that further investment, including partial pedestrianisation will further promote Liverpool as a gay destination. In a similar fashion to most other major British cities, the gay scene of Liverpool is fast changing with several bars and clubs often changing in ownership and offer, but there are roughly a dozen night time establishments operating in the quarter at any given time within a 200 metre (one eighth of a mile) radius of Stanley Street. There are also numerous other gay frequented venues dotted elsewhere around the city centre. The oldest and longest running venue is The Curzon which opened its doors as a predominantly gay men's bar in 1988, although it is often contested that the oldest venue is in fact The Lisbon which has claimed a considerable gay following since well before the 1970s.
LGBT Culture in Liverpool.
Research commissioned by the North West Regional Development Agency approximated that there were around 94,000 LGBT persons living in Liverpool's metropolitan area by mid 2009 - equivalent to the GLB population of San Francisco 
Crime.
In recent years, a series of attacks have resulted in a call for increased police protection in the quarter. Perhaps the most high profile attack was that of James Parkes, an off-duty trainee police officer, who was set upon by up to 20 teenage thugs in a homophobic attack outside the well known gay club Superstar Boudoir on Stanley Street in October 2009. Multiple skull fractures, a fractured eye socket and a fractured cheek bone left the officer fighting for his life. In May 2011, drag artist Lady Shaun suffered a broken jaw after being knocked out by a man who punched her in the face, whilst just two weeks earlier, 21 year old choreographer Calvin Fox was assaulted by two people on his way home after a night out. In September the same year, two separate attacks in the gay quarter left two young men with serious head and facial injuries. Local authorities acknowledged there was indeed an increase in "homophobic" crime. Openly gay Councillor Steve Radford said, "Liverpool has a long way to travel in its journey to become a gay-friendly city". Chief Inspector Louise Harrington commented, "We have to strike a balance between a heavy police presence which could scare people off and those that say it makes them feel safer." Liverpool City Council have been working for some time to improve the safety of the area, particularly after dark; Several community safety initiatives are due to be completed by late January 2014 including a high-volume, marshalled Taxi Rank and the installation of gates on Progress Place, a section of Private Land off Stanley Street where many of the attacks in the area have been linked as well as antisocial behaviour.
Liverpool Pride.
Up until 2010, Liverpool was the largest British city to not hold a Pride festival. However on 7 August 2010, the city's first "Official" Pride festival (officially sponsored by Liverpool City Council and public authorities), attracted an audience of over 21,000, the majority of whom came from outside the city. The festival took place around the city's Gay Quarter with stages on Dale Street, Exchange Flags, and North John Street, and a city centre march was held during the day. Organisers hailed the festivities a massive success and now plan to hold larger events in the future At Liverpool Pride 2011, it was announced that visitor numbers had doubled to over 40,000. On 11 March 2011, Liverpool Pride became a registered charity. In 2012 Liverpool Football Club were the first Premier League team to publicly support a Pride event with members of staff and fans marching in the parade with a banner provided by the club.

</doc>
<doc id="18359204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359204" title="Athena Alea">
Athena Alea

Alea (Greek: ) was an epithet of the Greek goddess Athena, prominent in Arcadian mythology, under which she was worshiped at Alea, Mantineia and Tegea. Alea was initially an independent goddess, but was eventually assimilated with Athena.
The temple of Athena Alea at Tegea, which was the oldest, was said to have been built by Aleus the son of Apheidas, from whom the goddess probably derived this epithet. This temple was burned down in 394 BC, and a new one built by the architect Scopas, a temple of the Doric order which in size and splendor surpassed all other temples in the Peloponnese, and was surrounded by a triple row of columns of different orders. The statue of the goddess, which was made by Endoeus all of ivory, was subsequently carried to Rome by Augustus to adorn the Forum of Augustus. The temple of Athena Alea at Tegea was an ancient and revered asylum, and the names of many persons are recorded who saved themselves by seeking refuge in it.
The priestess of Athena Alea at Tegea was always a maiden, who held her office only until she reached the age of puberty.
On the road from Sparta to Therapne there was likewise a statue of Athena Alea.

</doc>
<doc id="18359205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359205" title="Martin Cardinal">
Martin Cardinal

Constable Martin Cardinal is an Ottawa Police Service member who sparked national outrage on November 25, 2000, when an amateur video taken by Darcy Peterson from his balcony showed an officer repetitively slamming a handcuffed and restrained female's head off of his police cruiser.
Video and scene of event.
In November 2000, Darcy Peterson had captured the amateur video from his Centretown balcony on a camcorder that he had purchased the same day. An unknowingly videotaped Martin Cardinal showed up as an assisting officer to a call of a woman causing a disturbance. The woman, Julie Cayer, 38, was found intoxicated and belligerent. She was pepper-sprayed, physically searched, and handcuffed before being left with Constable Cardinal who escorted Ms. Cayer to his police cruiser where the video taken shows Cardinal bending a handcuffed Julie Cayer over, using his right hand to grab her hair and his left hand to grab her jacket near her shoulder. The video then shows Constable Cardinal forcefully slamming Ms. Cayer's head onto his police cruiser.
Nearly six months after the tape was filmed, Darcy Peterson sent the video to The Ottawa Citizen who decided to publish it on the front page of their daily issue for that day. The Citizen had cut frames of the amateur video and expressed shock and awe over the events. When presented with the video, Deputy police chief Larry Hill immediately ordered an investigation and Constable Cardinal was suspended with pay. The video was broadcast nationally throughout Canada where Canadians expressed outrage and shock.
On May 11, 2001, Constable Cardinal was charged with assaulting Cayer under the Criminal Code as well as excessive force and discreditable conduct.
Conviction and guilty plea.
The initial court proceeding against Constable Cardinal was in front of Ontario Court Justice Kent Kirkland. Cardinal plead not guilty to the assault charge on Ms. Julie Cayer. Martin Cardinal retained high profile defense attorney Michael Edelson. Justice Kent Kirkland found Cardinal guilty of assault against Ms. Cayer. The Crown Attorney asked for an enclosed jail sentence, while Edelson asked for a conditional discharge. Justice Kirkland sentenced Cardinal to a conditional discharge stipulating he perform 100-hours of community service. The Crown Attorney appealed the sentence given to Cardinal on the grounds that it was too lenient. In turn, Cardinal's defense decided to appeal the conviction on the basis that Justice Kirkland had made an error in the reasoning he used to find Cardinal guilty.
Four and half years after the assault and his suspension from the Ottawa Police, Cardinal went now before Ontario Court Justice Peter Griffiths for a second trial. On the eve of this trial, Cardinal decided to plead guilty to the assault charge. Ms. Cayer testified during the first trial that she didn't remember anything from the night of the assault aside from having her head slammed off a police cruiser. Justice Griffiths found Cardinal guilty of the assault and ordered him to 75-hours of community service as part of a conditional discharge.
Reinstated to the Police Force.
Nearly five years after the date of assault, and after pleading guilty to assaulting Cayer, Cardinal faced a two day hearing under the Ontario Police Service Act to determine his future as a police officer. The hearing officer, retired police superintendent Robert Fitches ordered Cardinal be reinstated and ordered him to give up eight days of pay. Then Ottawa Police Chief, Vince Bevan suggested that he wanted Constable Cardinal fired but claimed he had to comply with the Fitches decision. Former Ottawa Police Chief, Brian Ford suggested Vince Bevan had no choice but to bring the troubled officer back.
The reinstatement was highly unpopular with the Ottawa public. An Ottawa Citizen online survey suggested only 19% of readers felt justice was served, while over 49% of readers suggested they felt that Martin Cardinal should face a jail sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="18359210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359210" title="Interscope Records discography">
Interscope Records discography

The following is the list of all albums released through Interscope Records. Any additional record label involved are specified in brackets.

</doc>
<doc id="18359251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359251" title="C57">
C57

C57 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="18359256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359256" title="Compulsiv Records">
Compulsiv Records

Compulsiv Records was a record label that operated out of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
History.
The label was founded by Bryan Dilworth and James Payne. 
Dilworth found and signed the talent. Dilworth eventually played in The Lilys and The Gelcaps, became the road manager for Rocket from the Crypt, the booker at Electric Factory Concerts, The Khyber, Upstage, and Upstairs at Nick's, and worked for Clear Channel). In 1995 Dilworth married Kristin Thomson of Simple Machines, another noteworthy indie rock label. 
Payne provided all of the initial funding and data processing services for the company. He went on to form the first ISP in northwestern Connecticut (Lakeville Internet) in 1995 before being hired by Oracle Corporation.
After releasing a substantial catalogue in the 1990s, the label gradually vanished.
Discography.
CPS 001 Bull, 'Bull' 7"
CPS 002 Jonestown/Dog Faced Hermans split 7"
CPS 003 Various Artists 7"
CPS 004 Zonic Shockum, 'Testosterone' EP (1992)
CPS 005 Uptown Bones
CPS 006 Crain, 'Monster' 7" (1992, green vinyl)
CPS 007 Spore
CPS 008 Zen Guerrilla, 'Zen Guerrilla' LP (1992)
CPS 009 Kitschchao, 'Peter Stumpe' 7"
CPS 010 Caterpillar, 'Velvet Ears' 7" (1992)
"Velvet Ears" b/w "Ronald", "Romilar Jag"
CPS ??? Photon Band, 'Sitting on the Sunn' 7"
"Sitting on the Sunn" b/w "Superstard"
CPS 012 Various Artists, 'Compulsiv for Two' 7"
CPS 014 Bardo Pond, 'Die Easy' 7" (January 1994)
CPS 015 Strapping Fieldhands, 'Sun' 7" (yellow vinyl)
CPS 017 Derelict Hotel, 'Powerwalk' 7"
CPS 0?? / Dischord 93½ Las Mordidas, 'Surrounded' (co-release with Dischord Records)
CPS 021 Caterpillar, 'A Thousand Million Micronauts' LP/CD/CS (1994)
CPS 022 Caterpillar, 'Turning The Altas Wheel' 7"
CPS 023 Various Artists, 'Compulsiv III' 7" (1996)
CPS 025 Bardo Pond, 'Dragonfly' 7" (November 1994)
CPS 030 Gelcaps, Death Star From Budokan 7" EP
CPS 036 Bardo Pond, 'Big Laughing Jym' 12"EP/CDEP
CPS 039 Caterpillar, 'Macdorium Chlorium Chloe' CD
CPS 048 The Lucys, 'Anselmo'
CPS 0?? Gelcaps '24 Hour Pythons' CD
CPS 0?? Buzz Hungry, 'At the Hands of Our Intercessors' (1995)
CPS 0?? Stinking Lizaveta, '...Hopelessness and Shame' (1996)
CPS 050 Stinking Lizaveta, 'Slaughterhouse' (1997)

</doc>
<doc id="18359287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359287" title="Any Day Now (Chuck Jackson song)">
Any Day Now (Chuck Jackson song)

"Any Day Now" is a popular song written by Burt Bacharach and Bob Hilliard in 1962. It has been recorded by numerous artists over the years, including notable versions by Chuck Jackson in 1962, Alan Price in 1965, Elvis Presley in 1969, and Ronnie Milsap in 1982.
Chuck Jackson.
Jackson, an R&B singer born in South Carolina in 1937, recorded the first version of the song to hit the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart; it reached number twenty-three in 1962 with the title "Any Day Now (My Wild Beautiful Bird)" and spent six weeks in the Top 40. Jackson's version appeared on his album, which was also titled "Any Day Now". The song was Jackson's highest charting hit on the US pop chart, and also peaked at number two for three weeks on the Hot Black Sides chart.
Elvis Presley.
Presley recorded a cover version of "Any Day Now" on 20 February 1969 at American Sound studios, Memphis, Tennessee. This version appeared on his acclaimed album of that year, "From Elvis in Memphis". Although not released as a single in its own right, the song appeared as the B-side to Presley's #3 US pop hit, "In the Ghetto", which appeared on the same album.
Ronnie Milsap.
Milsap, a popular country / pop singer, recorded the most widely known version of the song. It was the lead single from his 1982 album, "Inside", and it peaked at #14 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, spending nine weeks in the Top 40. In addition, this version went to #1 on both the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart (for one week) as well as the Hot Adult Contemporary Singles chart (for five weeks). It also went to #1 on Canadian Country and Adult Contemporary (for three weeks) Charts.
Milsap's producer, Tom Collins, encouraged Milsap to make the song sound different from the original by Chuck Jackson. As a result, Milsap recorded it in a different key and sang it softly.

</doc>
<doc id="18359310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359310" title="C58">
C58

C58 or C-58 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="18359340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359340" title="Beyond the Nightmare Gate">
Beyond the Nightmare Gate

Beyond the Nightmare Gate is the third book in the World of Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever and written by Ian Page. It is one of four books in the mini-series and features Grey Star, for whom the first book is named, a young Wizard trained by the enigmatic Shianti to stop the Wytch-King and his Shadakine Empire. All four of the Grey Star books were released by Project Aon along with many of the other installments of the Lone Wolf series.
Gameplay.
The gameplay of the World of Lone Wolf series is very much like the other Lone Wolf books, but features a few key differences. One is the inclusion of Willpower, which can be used for various Magical effects in the game, and maybe most importantly to loose a blast of Magic from your Wizards Staff when it is in your possession. The ability to vanquish some enemies with the expenditure of a Willpower point or two introduces a key strategic consideration in which the reader must choose between the likely loss of Endurance that comes with fighting enemies, and the amount of Willpower that should be saved for later in the story.
Plot.
The series plays for the most part at the tip of south-eastern Magnamund, in the land then known as the Shadakine Empire. A tyrant called Shasarak the Wytch-King has subjugated the people and with the help of seven Shadaki Wytches is ruling with an iron fist. In an attempt to find the lost Moonstone of the Shianti and destroy the Shadakine empire, Grey Star made his way to the location of the Shadow Gate and beyond into the realm of the Daziarn itself. The Daziarn is a shadow realm with many strange beings and fearsome creatures inhabiting it. Grey Star is forced to travel across the gray plains of the Neverness to find the Moonstone but comes upon an unexpected ally; one he thought he would never see again. With her help, he must retrieve the moonstone and find a way to return to Magnamund if the Wytch-King is to be defeated.

</doc>
<doc id="18359343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359343" title="Content Addressable Parallel Processor">
Content Addressable Parallel Processor

A Content Addressable Parallel Processor (CAPP) is a type of parallel processor which uses content-addressing memory (CAM) principles. CAPPs are intended for bulk computation. The syntactic structure of their computing algorithm are simple, whereas the number of concurrent processes may be very large, only limited by the number of locations in the CAM. The best-known CAPP may be STARAN, completed in 1972; several similar systems were later built in other countries.
A CAPP is distinctly different from an Von Neumann architecture or classical computer that stores data in cells addressed individually by numeric address. The CAPP executes a stream of instructions that address memory based on the content (stored values) of the memory cells. As a parallel processor, it acts on all of the cells containing that content at once. The content of all matching cells can be changed simultaneously.
A typical CAPP might consist of an array of content-addressable memory of fixed word length, a sequential instruction store, and a general purpose computer of the Von Neumann architecture that is used to interface peripherals.

</doc>
<doc id="18359352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359352" title="Meridix">
Meridix

Meridix Creative, Inc. was founded in 2003 and was incorporated in the State of Illinois, originally to broadcast live local high school sports online, though the company now offers a broad range of technology services. Meridix technology is used by many organizations in the United States, as well as with international customers in Canada, Puerto Rico, Spain, Bangladesh, and the United Kingdom. On March 8, 2005 the company secured “Meridix” as a federally registered trademark (Reg. 2930660).
Meridix Operating Groups.
Meridix Webcast Network<br>
The company’s Meridix Webcast Network system allows broadcasters to create integrated live audio and video webcasting, live streaming data, and other content to audiences of high schools, sports teams, universities, and other organizations. The network earned nominations in both 2007, 2008, and 2011 for the Chicago Innovation Awards.
<br>Meridix EventReporter<br>
Meridix EventReporter automatically collects scores and results submissions from coaches, staff, and other authorized reporters of teams. Event report notifications automatically appear on the desktops of coaches and staff, eliminating the need to remember to login and report scores.
<br>Broadcaster Directory<br>
Broadcasters and reporters post profiles, qualifications, preferences, upload resumes, and use other directory tools. The public can then view broadcaster and reporter profiles, post ratings and feedback, request coverage for events, and view other activities.

</doc>
<doc id="18359363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359363" title="C59">
C59

C59, C.59 or C-59 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="18359374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359374" title="Utah State Route 119">
Utah State Route 119

State Route 119 (SR-119) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah, connecting Richfield to Glenwood and SR-24.
Route description.
SR-119 begins on the eastern outskirts of Richfield at SR-118 (former US-89), which follows 300 North east from downtown Richfield and curves northeast towards Sigurd. The western half of SR-119 is a straight flat road through the Sevier Valley. After it reaches Main Street, which heads south into the town of Glenwood, the highway begins to curve and climb, crossing the Rainbow Hills before ending at SR-24 near the mouth of Kings Meadow Canyon.
History.
The state legislature created SR-119 in 1931, connecting SR-11 (US-89, now SR-118) in Richfield to SR-24 through Glenwood. The route was modified to bypass Glenwood in 1959, and a portion of the old route became State Route 263, which began at SR-119 and headed south on Main Street and east on Center Street to 200 East. SR-263 was removed from the state highway system in 1969, and simultaneously, as part of the truncation of SR-11 due to the proposed SR-4 (I-70), SR-119 was extended west over old SR-11 (still signed as US-89) to SR-120. This extension was undone in 1992, when US-89 was moved to follow I-70, and old US-89 through Richfield became SR-118 (also replacing SR-135 and most of SR-258).
Major intersections.
The entire route is in Sevier County.

</doc>
<doc id="18359387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359387" title="Agoraios">
Agoraios

Agoraios or Agoraeus can refer to several things:

</doc>
<doc id="18359400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359400" title="Zohar (album)">
Zohar (album)

Zohar is an album by the Mystic Fugu Orchestra (John Zorn (as Rav Tzizit) and Yamataka Eye (as Rav Yechida) who perform a range of music inspired by historical recordings of ancient Judaica. To simulate the "antiquity" of these recordings, a heavy layer of surface noise was overlaid on the music to represent the playing quality of a 78 rpm gramophone record.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Joslyn Layne awarded the album 1.5 stars stating "Just under half an hour's worth of old record spin-and-crackle sounds in the foreground, with a faint background of John Zorn adding small amounts of harmonium and Yamantaka Eye voicing occasional hums and tones. Most of what you hear, however, is record surface static and the revolutions of the vinyl. Zohar could only be of use to completists, or as a layer for mixing".

</doc>
<doc id="18359402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359402" title="Elizabeth Mine">
Elizabeth Mine

The Elizabeth Mine was a copper mine located on the town line between the Town of Strafford and the Town of Thetford, in Orange County, Vermont. 
The ore deposit was discovered in 1793, but mining did not start until 1809. Open pit mining and from 1886 underground mining was conducted. The mine produced up to 8,500,000 lbs. of copper (1954) and was closed in 1957.
Due to acid mine drainage the west branch of the Ompompanoosuc River was polluted. Since 2000 the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Vermont Agency of Natural Resources have been developing a plan to clean up the area.
Geology.
The ore deposits at the Elizabeth Mine represent classic examples of sedimentary exhalative type deposition where hydrothermal fluids enter the marine environment and precipitate out minerals in a strataform ore body. The ores are hosted in the strongly deformed Lower Devonian Guile Mountain Formation (a grey to dark grey mica schist). The ore body at the Elizabeth Mine is a massive sulfide deposit consisting primarily of pyrrhotite and chalcopyrite.

</doc>
<doc id="18359406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359406" title="István Pisont">
István Pisont

István Pisont (born 16 May 1970) is a Hungarian football player. He is currently the coach of the Hungarian national U-17 team.
Career.
Pisont started his professional career in the Hungarian League with Budapest Honved. After a few years spent with the Budapest side, he decided to move on to the Belgium League where he sighed for R. Charleroi S.C. in the 1994/1995 season. After spending one season in Belgium, he shifted to Israel where he played for Beitar Jerusalem F.C. in the season 1995/1996.
In the season 1995/96, Pisont decided to join the Israeli team of Beitar Jerusalem F.C.where he scored 6 goals in the first season itself. In the season 1996/97, he scored 5 goals for Beitar Jerusalem F.C. and in the season 1997/98, he improved his performance by scoring 15 goals.
In the season 1998/1999 he was offered a place in the Eintracht Frankfurt team after having shown an impressive goal scoring capabilities in his last year at Beitar Jerusalem F.C.. However, after one year only, he returned to Israel where this time he played for Hapoel Tel Aviv from the 1999/2000 season to the 2001/2002 season.
In 2002, Pisont was a star of the Hapoel Tel Aviv team that was the first Israeli team to reach the quarter final of the UEFA Cup.
In 2003, he left Bnei Yehuda to join MTK Hungaria FC on a free transfer for one year.
His last match 21 April 2004 against DVSC. Since then he is the coach of Vecsés.

</doc>
<doc id="18359410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359410" title="Los Andes no creen en Dios">
Los Andes no creen en Dios

Los Andes no creen en Dios ("The Andes do not believe in God") is a 2007 Bolivian film directed by Antonio Eguino. 
It is a drama set in a mining town in the Andes in the 1920s.
Synopsis.
The film is loosely based on the 1974 novel "Los Andes no creen en Dios" by Adolfo Costa du Rels and two short stories by the same author, "La Misk'isimi" ("Sweet Lips" in Quechua) and "Plata del diablo" ("The Devil's Silver").
The film is set in the late 1920s in the small and remote mining town of Uyuni in the highlands of Bolivia, lying between a vast salt desert and towering mountains.
The hero is Alfonso Claros, a young writer who has been educated in France and who arrives in Uyuni seeking to make his fortune in mining.
He begins an affair with the sultry mestizo Claudina, but breaks it off due to local prejudice.
Claudina turns to Joaquín, a friend of Alfonso, destroying the friendship between the two men.
Alfonso befriends Clota, a former singer and now the local brothel keeper.
Alfonso joins Genaro, a mystic and expert prospector, on a search for a gold vein in the mountains, and the quest turns out to be a turning point in both men's lives.
Returning to Uyuni, Alfonso finds that Claudina and Clota have aroused the intolerance of the priest and the local women, who have embarked on a campaign against them.
Sickened by events, Alfonso leaves Uyuni.
Twenty years later, Alfonso is on the way to take up the position of Bolivian ambassador to France, when his train stops over in Uyuni.
He meets Joaquín by accident, and as he remembers Claudina is confirmed in his feelings about Joaquín.
Production.
Planning for the film started in 1996, but was postponed for several years. 
The screenplay was finalized in 2003 and 2004, filming was done in 2005, and editing, sound, music and post production completed in 2006 and early 2007, 
with the film ready for release in March 2007.
Over $500,000 was spent on production, a large amount for Bolivia, caused in part by the number of locations and the historical sets with period cars and steam locomotives.
Reception.
"Los Andes no creen en Dios" was Bolivia's submission to the 80th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. 
It was not accepted as a nominee. 
The film was nominated for the Best Film Award at the Cartagena Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18359412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359412" title="Bukhtiarpur Bihar Light Railway">
Bukhtiarpur Bihar Light Railway

Bukhtiarpur Bihar Light Railway (or Bakhtiarpur-Bihar line) was a Two foot six inch gauge railways narrow gauge railway line running between Bakhtiarpur and Rajgir.
Bukhtiarpur-Bihar line of Martin's Light Railways was opened in 1903 and taken over by the local district board in 1950. This line was later taken over by Indian Railways in 1961 and replaced by line in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="18359416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359416" title="Option run">
Option run

The option run or option is a designed play in American football and Canadian football. In the simplest version of this play, the quarterback receives the ball and runs either to the right or left, accompanied by an additional offensive player (typically a running back or a fullback). As the defense moves to tackle the quarterback, the quarterback may choose to laterally pass the ball to his accompanying player. If the defense moves to engage that accompanying player, the quarterback may keep the ball and thus advance it himself. This gives the quarterback the "option" of two different actions during a run.
The option run may be made more complicated by adding additional players (usually another accompanying player), blocking schemes, or feints.
The option offense heavily features the option run and many different variations of the play.

</doc>
<doc id="18359450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359450" title="Martin's Light Railways">
Martin's Light Railways

Martin's Light Railways was a private company operating railways in India. The routes on which trains were run by Martin's Light Railways (or by Martin & Co.) are as shown below:
Howrah Maidan-Amta and Shiakhala lines.
The Two foot and 600 mm gauge railways narrow gauge light railways had their origin in an agreement, dated 12 June 1889 between the District Board of Howrah and Messrs. Walsh, Lovett & Co., which was subsequently renewed with Messrs. Martin & Co., and sanctioned by Government notification in the Calcutta Gazette of March 27, 1895.
The Howrah-Amta line was opened up to Domjur in 1897, and to Amta in 1898. An extension from Bargachhia (Bargechhe) junction to Antpur was opened in 1904, and a further extension to Champadanga in 1908. This extension, however, lies almost exclusively in Hooghly district. Both the Howrah- Amta and Howrah-Shiakhala lines start from Telkalghat on the Hooghly river, and skirting the Court maidan pass through the crowded Panchanantala road to Kadamtala station. Here they separate, the Howrah-Sliiakhala line running north-west along the Benares road to the border of the district, and thence to Shiakhala in Hooghly district. The Howrah-Amta line runs west, chiefly along the side of the Jagatballabhpur road, and then goes south-west to Amta.
The new Howrah-Amta broad gauge line project, including the Bargachia-Champadanga branch line, was sanctioned in 1974-75. The first 24-km stretch of the section from Howrah to Bargachia was completed in 1984 by South Eastern Railway along with electrification, and commissioned soon after. The 6 km long Bargachhia-Munsirhat stretch was inaugurated in 2000. The Mahendralal Nagar-Amta section was opened in 2005. However, the Bargachhia-Champadanga branch line is yet to be completed. According to the reply to a parliamentary question in 2006, land to be provided free of cost by the State Government as per Memorandum of Understanding, was still to be handed over.
Bukhtiarpur Bihar Light Railway.
Bukhtiarpur-Bihar line (or Bakhtiarpur-Bihar line) was a narrow gauge railway line running between Bakhtiarpur and Rajgir.
Bukhtiarpur-Bihar line of Martin's Light Railways was taken over by the local district board in 1950. This line was later taken over by Indian Railways in 1961 and replaced by (Indian gauge) line in 1962.
Arrah-Sasaram line.
The Arrah-Sasaram line was opened as a Two foot six inch gauge railways narrow gauge section of Martin’s Light Railways in 1914 and was closed in 1978. A new line was laid by Indian Railways from Sasaram to Arrah in 2006-07.

</doc>
<doc id="18359462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359462" title="Walter Max Zimmerman">
Walter Max Zimmerman

Walter Max Zimmerman (May 9, 1892–June 30, 1980) was a German botanist. The standard botanical author abbreviation W.Zimm. is applied to species he described.
Walter Zimmermann was born in Walldürn. He taught botany at the University of Tübingen from 1930 to 1960, and died in Tübingen in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18359474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359474" title="2006–07 Bundesliga (women)">
2006–07 Bundesliga (women)

The Bundesliga (women) 2006–07 was the 17th season of the Bundesliga (women), Germany's premier football league. It began on 10 September 2006 and ended on 10 June 2007.
Final standings.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="18359475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359475" title="Angus Hudson">
Angus Hudson

Angus Hudson was a fictional character in the ITV drama "Upstairs, Downstairs", portrayed by actor Gordon Jackson from 1971 until 1975.
Biography.
Hudson was the authoritarian Scottish butler of the Richard Bellamy household at 165 Eaton Place, Belgravia, London, England. Hudson was a featured character in sixty episodes from 1971 until 1975 (1903—1930 in the series' timeline; although it was later established that both Hudson and Mrs. Kate Bridges the cook had served the Bellamys since the late 1870s or early 1880s, being there before the subsequent births of both James Bellamy and Elizabeth Bellamy). This would make sense as Lady Marjorie makes reference to Hudson as being a 'young footman' on her family's estate; there is also reference to Mrs. Bridges' being there at the same time. However, in one of the earlier episodes when Mrs. Bridges is taken to court, Hudson states from the witness box that he has known Mrs. Bridges for twelve years; given that the Bellamy children are aged around 24 and 17 in that episode, this casts some doubt. Hudson giving character evidence in court assures the court that he will ensure that Mrs. Bridges receives the guidance and support she needs in future and that he will marry Mrs. Bridges when they leave service to provide her with security and peace of mind: the judge has to cut him off as he is so ardent. Hudson's brother, Donald is a relatively famous engineer having constructed two major bridges over the Zambezi river: it appears that Hudson has gone to some effort to assist his brother's education in the past.
Personality.
Hudson was a well-educated man from a working-class background; and although a bit bigoted in some of his attitudes (particularly towards Germans), he was essentially a fair, just and good-hearted man. He displays, on occasions, a sense of humour and could be seen joking with the other staff and even discussing football matches with Edward the footman. His talents lay in the organisation of the staff, his theological knowledge and also his fine handwriting, considered to be a great art, as demonstrated each Christmas when sending cards to friends and his brother in Scotland. He was depicted as an exemplary butler (although he was shown eavesdropping on phone calls), and his loyalty towards the Bellamy Family was without question. This was just as well, for the Bellamy Family had a number of shocking (by early twentieth century standards) secrets.
He was the Leader of the Servant Staff which was initially Mrs. Bridges (whom he ultimately married in the final episode of the series), Irish kitchen maid Emily, eccentric footman Alfred Harris, pragmatic head house parlour-maid (and later lady's maid) Rose Buck, mischievous under house parlour-maid Sarah Moffat, coachman Pearce and Lady Marjorie's lady's maid Maude Roberts. Later servants to come under his authority (and his stern affection) include replacement footman Edward Barnes, replacement parlour-maid Daisy Peel/Barnes and replacement kitchen maid Ruby Finch.
Awards.
Gordon Jackson, who portrayed Hudson, won the British Actor of the Year award in 1974 and an Emmy Award for Outstanding Single Performance by a Supporting Actor in 1975 for the episode The Beastly Hun.

</doc>
<doc id="18359501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359501" title="Gallery forest">
Gallery forest

Gallery forests are forests that form as corridors along rivers or wetlands and project into landscapes that are otherwise only sparsely treed such as savannas, grasslands or deserts. 
Gallery forests are able to exist where the surrounding landscape does not support forests for a number of reasons. The riparian zones in which they grow offer greater protection from fire which would kill tree seedlings. In addition, the alluvial soils of the gallery habitat are often of higher fertility and better drainage than the soils of the surrounding landscape and have a more reliable water supply at depth. As a result, the boundary between gallery forest and the surrounding woodland or grassland is usually abrupt, with the ecotone being only a few metres wide.
Gallery forests have shrunk in extent worldwide as a result of human activities, including domestic livestock's preventing tree seedling establishment and the construction of dams and weirs causing flooding or interfering with natural stream flow. In addition to these disturbances, gallery forests are also threatened by many of the same processes that threaten savannas.

</doc>
<doc id="18359515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359515" title="Potential Regiment Officers course">
Potential Regiment Officers course

The Potential Regiment Officers Course (PROC) (Normally pronounced "Pee-Rock") is an assessment tool of the Royal Air Force (RAF) in the United Kingdom, for males wishing to become an Officer in the Royal Air Force Regiment. It has been in existence since April 2008, where it was previously known as the Potential Regiment Officers Acquaintance Course (PROAC). This name was changed due to confusion over whether the course was assessed or merely an introduction to the RAF Regiment.
Requirements.
Successful attendance at the course is required of any person who plans to train as an officer in the RAF Regiment. A candidate will be at least 17 years and 6 months of age at entrance, will hold a British passport, will have a minimum of 5 GSCEs graded A-C and 2 A-levels, or will have achieved a certified comparable education.
Content and location.
PROC is a four-day assessment course, designed to complement the military's Officer and Aircrew Selection Centre, for men wishing to become an RAF Regiment Officer.
The course is held at RAF Honington, near Suffolk on the eastern shore of England. Some training may also be given at other airbases or facilities.
The course is designed to discover a candidate's leadership qualities and ability to provide continued command in stressful situations. One's ability to communicate effectively, and one's physical condition, are also assessed.
Gym session.
Consisting of:
Assault Course.
The candidates traverse the RAF Regiment assault course as an initial introduction, and are invited to try the obstacles individually. After the candidates are familiar with the course, they are ordered the run the course, which begins and ends with a 100-metre sprint around evenly spaced barrels. The course is timed and every obstacle must be completed to pass. Some candidates have difficulty getting over the nine-foot wall; to avoid this problem it is important that candidates practice over-grip pull ups.
Group Discussion.
The candidates are taken to the Officers Mess, given current affairs topics and are invited to discuss their views on the subject. The Assessment Officers will occasionally prompt the candidates to steer the conversations in their desired directions.
Low Ropes.
The "Low Ropes" are designed to test leadership skills. The course is split into two and each group is given mission requirements without the knowledge of the opposing team. Candidates are assessed on the extent that they assume control of situations, and how they communicate their ideas to team members.
Presentation.
The course is split into groups no larger than three and together, after a visit to the RAF Regiment museum, they are expected to present a brief history of the RAF Regiment. This is designed to test communications skills, as well as physical presentation, delivery and control over a large group of people when delivering vital information. Along with the course contents detailed above, a potential officer is also assessed by less traditional means. For example, during time at the Officers Mess, for meals and drinks, candidates are evaluated on their social interactions in non-structured settings.

</doc>
<doc id="18359592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359592" title="Captain Rainbow">
Captain Rainbow

The game puts players in the role of Nick, an ordinary guy whose alter ego "Captain★Rainbow", was once a popular TV superhero. In order to regain his popularity, Nick travels to Mimin Island, a place where dreams are said to come true. "Captain★Rainbow" is an action-adventure game that involves making friends with the other island residents (who are all past Nintendo characters), collecting "Kirarin" crystals, and granting their wishes.
Plot.
The game's storyline follows, Nick, who is able to transform into "Captain★Rainbow", a yo-yo-wielding, tokusatsu-styled superhero that stars in his own TV show. Unfortunately, his TV show is no longer popular. To restore his popularity, Nick ventures to Mimin Island, an island where wishes are said to come true. Nick meets a vast array of past, minor Nintendo characters with their own dreams and wishes on his journey.
Gameplay.
"Captain★Rainbow" is an action-adventure game with gameplay divided into two parts. The adventure part of the game is set on enjoying the life on the island together with its other residents. Nick can go fishing, bug catching, and help the other islanders with their requests. Most of the requests can lead to various minigames, such as boxing, volleyball, fishing and golf. Helping islanders will grant the player special, star-shaped crystals known as "Kirarin" (”Sparklies”). The action part of "Captain★Rainbow" is based around those crystals. Each time 20 Kirarin are collected, a star will fall from the sky. The star can be carried to an altar at the top of the island where it will grant a wish. While carrying the star to the altar Nick is challenged by a mysterious Shadow who for unknown reasons wants the star for himself. If Nick succeeds in bringing the star to the altar there will be two choices left for him. He can either grant his own wish to become a popular hero again or grant the wish of one of the islanders and go back to finding other Kirarin.
Reception.
The four reviewers of "Weekly Famitsu" magazine scored "Captain★Rainbow" a total of 31 out of 40. The panel was overall impressed by the game's writing and characters, especially due to the day and night cycles. They also enjoyed the gameplay, music, and tempo, but found the humor to be often vulgar.
"Captain★Rainbow" was a financial disappointment. According to Media Create, the game only sold a scant 6,361 copies during its first week of release. A total of 22,682 copies were sold in Japan in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18359601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359601" title="List of University of Nevada, Las Vegas alumni">
List of University of Nevada, Las Vegas alumni

This is a list of encyclopedic people associated with the University of Nevada, Las Vegas in the United States of America

</doc>
<doc id="18359610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359610" title="Akil Byron">
Akil Byron

Akil Byron (born June 10, 1980 in Saint Kitts and Nevis) is a football (soccer) goalkeeper, who plays for Newtown United. He also won 5 caps for the St. Kitts and Nevis national team. His spell with Newtown United was split by a 4-year period with Garden Hotspurs Basseterre.

</doc>
<doc id="18359630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359630" title="Ctenopelmatinae">
Ctenopelmatinae

Ctenopelmatinae are a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae. 
Ctenopelmatinae are koinobiont endoparasitoids of Symphyta and, more rarely, Lepidoptera; Most species have a Holarctic distribution. There are 95 genera.

</doc>
<doc id="18359641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359641" title="Kali Arulpragasam">
Kali Arulpragasam

Kali Arulpragasam is a jewellery designer and Artist based in London, UK. She is the founder and creative director of the Artistic jewellery label "Super Fertile," founded in 2006.
Super Fertile.
Arulpragasam's designs with Super Fertile are politically conscious in form, influenced by social realism, the environment and nations torn by war. Her latest line "Tourism (Terrorism affects Tourism)" features signature oversized silver- and gold-plated necklaces, shaped like murals, using countries such as Haiti, Iraq, Sri Lanka, Afghanistan and Sudan as themes. This collection features a series of breastplate necklaces that hang below the navel and celebrate positive aspects of war-torn nations.
Iraq's shows fruit, a mosque, and a tower at Samarra, Sudan's shows cows and fishermen, Sri Lanka's depicts a boat, palm trees and a peacock, whilst Israel's shows horses, temples and laughing men and women.
The ornaments, hand-cut, were made "to be huge, so you could see them across the room." She says “There’s more to these countries than guys with guns standing in rubble... What are the plants like? What music are the kids listening to? That’s what I wanted to show.” Arulpragasam plans to donate each respective necklace design to museums of their corresponding countries.
She launched CRA$H in Paris Fashion Week 2nd Oct 2009., Showing the current climate of the 2008/9 credit crunch. All stones of pendants showing numbers, percentages, statistics in the form of bar charts and pie charts filled with stones some as many as 3000 stones. Showing the Billions and trillions of Debt the countries are in, unemployment rise, healthcare issues in the US, National debts, consumer debts, exports slumped and all money wasted on wars. 
Personal life.
Arulpragasam is a British Tamilian of Sri Lankan descent. She is the eldest child of Arul Pragasam and Kala Arulpragasam and is the older sister of singer, performer and entertainer Mathangi Arulpragasam (M.I.A.) and brother Sugu Arulpragasam. She was born in London. Clapham South London. At 2 years old she returned to Sri Lanka, and was schooled in Sri Lanka and India. The family fled the civil war in Sri Lanka in the 1980s at the age of 10. She went on to follow a path in Art and Design studied at Kingston College, West Thames College and went on to graduate from Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design in London 1997. She worked at advertising firms in London, New York and Los Angeles in the US, before moving to London, where she was raised, in 2006. She works from her studio based in the East End of London.

</doc>
<doc id="18359661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359661" title="Aberdare by-election, 1946">
Aberdare by-election, 1946

The Aberdare by-election, 1946 was a parliamentary by-election held on 5 December 1946 for the British House of Commons constituency of Aberdare in Wales. The seat had become vacant when the Labour Member of Parliament (MP) George Hall had been created Viscount Hall on 28 October 1946. Hall had held the seat since the 1922 general election. The Labour candidate, David Thomas held the seat for the party. He remained the constituency's MP until his death in 1954, when a further by-election was held.
The 1946 by-election was the best performance at the time by Plaid Cymru in the industrial valleys of South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="18359672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359672" title="Prasat Suor Prat">
Prasat Suor Prat

Prasat Suor Prat () is a series of twelve towers spanned north to south lining the eastern side of royal square in Angkor Thom, near the town of Siem Reap, Cambodia. The towers are made from rugged laterite and sandstone. The towers are located right in front of Terrace of the Elephants and Terrace of the Leper King, flanking the start of the road leading east to the Victory Gate, on either side of which they are symmetrically arranged. Their function remains unknown.
The current tower's name in Khmer means "The towers of the tight-rope dancers", a romantic name derived from local belief assuming that they were used to support a high wire stretched between them for acrobatics purpose during royal festivals. This belief however, is irrelevant. Zhou Daguan describes in his records that the towers are used to settle disputes among Angkorian people.
Among the twelve towers, the structures identified as N1 tower and N2 antechamber were in danger of collaps, and reconstructed in 2001-2005 by JSA (Japanese Government Team for the Safeguarding of Angkor) and APSARA.

</doc>
<doc id="18359721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359721" title="Animated documentary">
Animated documentary

The animated documentary is a genre of film which combines the genres of animation and documentary. This genre should not be confused with documentaries about movie and TV animation history that feature excerpts.
History.
The first recognized example of this genre is Winsor McCay's 1918 12-minute-long film "The Sinking of the Lusitania", which uses animation to portray the 1915 sinking of RMS Lusitania after it was struck by two torpedoes fired from a German U-boat; an event of which no recorded film footage is known to exist. 
Since the 1920s, animation has been used in educational and social guidance films, and has often been used to illustrate abstract concepts in mainly live-action examples of these genres. Early examples of fully animated educational films are "The Einstein Theory of Relativity" (1923) and "Evolution" (1925) by Max and Dave Fleischer. Walt Disney used it in films such as "Victory Through Air Power" (1943), "How to Catch a Cold" (1951) and "Our Friend the Atom" (1957). 
In 1953, Norman McLaren's "Neighbours" won the Academy Awards for Best Documentary (Short Subject). The award is somewhat considered a mistake, but the fact that it was not only indicated into that category, but also won, shows that, somehow, the animated images spoke to the judges almost like a documentary.
"Of Stars and Men", a 1964 animated feature by John Hubley which tells of humankind's quest to find its place in the universe, won an award in the documentary category at the San Francisco Film Festival.
Mosaic Films promoted the use of animated documentaries in the United Kingdom in 2003 with the award-winning series "Animated Minds". Commissioned by Channel 4 and directed by Andy Glynne, it uses real testimony from survivors of mental illness, combined with engaging visuals, to climb inside the minds of the mentally distressed. The first series won the award for Best Animation at the Banff World Media Festival (2004).
The 2007 International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam featured a programme based around "documentaries that partly or completely consist of animation". In the article written to accompany the event, Kees Driessen talked about the "least controversial" form of the genre; the "illustrated radio documentary", citing Aardman Animation's 1987 film "" (directed by Peter Lord) as an example. One of the most consistent creators of this form of animated documentary today is Paul Fierlinger. His films from the late 1980s-onward typically feature recordings of people talking about certain topics in their lives (such as alcohol abuse or loneliness), accompanied by Fierlinger's animation which mainly illustrates the stories in a realistic way. This is a contrast from films and series such as Aardman's "Creature Comforts", which recontextualise such audio recordings by combining them with more fanciful, non-realistic animated interpretations.
Fierlinger's 1995 animated feature-length autobiography "Drawn from Memory", in which he is the main subject as well as the director, voice actor and only animator, was also called a documentary by Driessen. This technique of animating interviews has also been used by other filmmakers, such as Chris Landreth in his Oscar-winning 2004 short film "Ryan" (mainly based on an interview done with animator Ryan Larkin) and Jonas Odell in the 2006 Swedish film "Aldrig som första gången!" ("Never Like the First Time!", consisting of animated segments based around people's descriptions of their first time engaging in sex). The film "Chicago 10", about the Chicago Seven incident, received some acclaim for recreating courtroom scenes using animation. Another documentary with animated elements is the German film Neukölln Unlimited, which uses animation to depict past traumas of its protagonists. 
The 2008 Israeli film "Waltz with Bashir" was advertised as being the first feature-length animated documentary.

</doc>
<doc id="18359746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359746" title="Boo! Human">
Boo! Human

Boo! Human is the eleventh full-length studio album by Joan of Arc released in 2008 on Polyvinyl Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18359756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359756" title="Achiguate River">
Achiguate River

The Río Achiguate is a river in the south of Guatemala. Its sources are located in the Sierra Madre range, on the southern slopes of the Volcán de Fuego in the departments of Sacatepéquez and Escuintla. The river flows southwards through the coastal lowlands of Escuintla to the Pacific Ocean.
The Achiquate river's proximity to the active Fuego volcano increases the risks of inundations and mudflows.

</doc>
<doc id="18359783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359783" title="Gagarin Cup">
Gagarin Cup

The Gagarin Cup () is the trophy presented to the winner of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) playoffs, and is named after cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin, the first human in space. The Cup was supposedly named after Gagarin because the last possible game of the inaugural KHL season would take place on April 12, the anniversary date of Gagarin's flight.
After the end of the KHL's regular season, sixteen teams participate in the playoffs. The 1/8 and quarter-finals were a best-of-five series during the first season, and the semi-finals and finals were a best-of-seven series during the first season. Conferences were established for the second season. Conference quarter-finals are a best-of-five series while the conference semi-finals, conference finals and Gagarin Cup finals are a best-of-seven series. The winner of the final best-of-seven series receives the Gagarin Cup.
It has been reported that the Cup weighs 18 kg (40 lbs), making it heavier than the NHL's Stanley Cup. The Cup is made of silver and gold-plated.
Naming History.
According to league commissioner Alexander Medvedev, the Cup was named after Gagarin because Russian citizens associate his name with the achievement of great accomplishments, and the man himself has been described as a symbol of the nation. Additionally, according to the founders of the KHL, his ascent into space serves as a metaphor for the contemporary Soviet breakthrough in hockey.
Another candidate for the namesake of the Cup was longtime HC CSKA Moscow and Soviet national team coach Anatoli Tarasov, considered the "father of Soviet hockey". It was later decided that one of the four divisions would bear his name.

</doc>
<doc id="18359789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359789" title="Alector">
Alector

Alector (; ) refers to more than one person in classical myth and history:

</doc>
<doc id="18359848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359848" title="YoungBloodZ discography">
YoungBloodZ discography

This is the discography of southern rap duo YoungBloodZ.

</doc>
<doc id="18359852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359852" title="Clan badge">
Clan badge

A clan badge, sometimes called a plant badge, is a badge or emblem, usually a sprig of a specific plant, that is used to identify a member of a particular Scottish clan. They are usually worn in a bonnet behind the Scottish crest badge, or attached at the shoulder of a lady's tartan sash. According to popular lore clan badges were used by Scottish clans as a means of identification in battle. An authentic example of plants being used in this way (though not by a clan) were the sprigs of oats used by troops under the command of Montrose during the sack of Aberdeen. Similar items are known to have been used by military forces in Scotland, like paper, or the "White Cockade" (a bunch of white ribbon) of the Jacobites.
Authenticity.
Despite popular lore, many clan badges attributed to Scottish clans would be completely impractical for use as a means of identification. Many would be unsuitable, even for a modern clan gathering, let alone a raging clan battle. Also, a number of the plants (and flowers) attributed as clan badges are only available during certain times of year. Even though it is maintained that clan badges were used long before the Scottish crest badges used today, according to a former Lord Lyon King of Arms the oldest symbols used at gatherings were heraldic flags such as the banner, standard and pinsel.
There is much confusion as to why some clans have been attributed more than one clan badge. Several 19th century writers variously attributed plants to clans, many times contradicting each other. It has been claimed by one writer that if a clan gained new lands it may have also acquired that district's "badge" and used it along with their own clan badge. It is clear however, that there are several large groups of clans which share badges and also share a historical connection. The Clan Donald group (clans "Macdonald", "Macdonald of Clanranald", "Macdonell of Glengarry", "MacDonald of Keppoch") and clans/septs which have been associated with Clan Donald (like certain "MacIntyres" and the "Macqueens" of Skye) all have common heath attributed as their badge. Another large group is the Clan Chattan group (clans "Mackintosh", "Macpherson", "Macgillivray", "Macqueen", "Macbain", "Farquharson", "Davidson") which have been attributed red whortleberry (sometimes called cranberry in Scotland), or bearberry, or boxwood. The leaves of these three plants are very similar, and at least one writer has claimed that whatever plant which happened to be available was used. One group, the Siol Alpin group, of clans are said to have claimed or are thought to share a common descent. The Siol Alpin clans (clans "Grant", "Gregor", "MacAulay", "Macfie", "Macnab", "Mackinnon", "Macquarrie") are all attributed the clan badge of pine (Scots fir). In some cases, clan badges are derived from the heraldry of clan chiefs. For example, the Farquharsons have pine attributed as a clan badge of theirs (pine also appears on the uniforms of the Invercauld Highlanders). Pine was actually used in the Invercauld Arms as a mark of cadencing to the basic Shaw-Mackintosh Arms.

</doc>
<doc id="18359871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359871" title="John Hope (writer)">
John Hope (writer)

John Hope (1739 – 1785) was a British merchant, writer and politician in the eighteenth century who briefly served as Member of Parliament for Linlithgowshire before being dismissed by his cousin John Hope, 2nd Earl of Hopetoun after conflict over the John Wilkes affair. Following his dismissal from Parliament, Hope embarked on a career as a poet and essayist and raised three sons following the suicide of his wife in 1767. His sons were all prominent men, becoming a noted judge, general and admiral in turn.
Life.
John Hope was born in 1739, the son of Charles Hope and Catherine Weir and grandson of Charles Hope, 1st Earl of Hopetoun. His father had three wives and nine children in succession and George Johnstone Hope was a much younger half-brother. He was educated at Enfield Grammar School, Middlesex until he was 13, when he was sent to Amsterdam to learn the merchant trade from a Dutch branch of the family.
Hope returned to in 1759 and operated as a London merchant, although with indifferent success. In 1762 he married Mary Breton, but five years later she committed suicide, leaving him with three young boys. These sons later became Charles Hope, Lord Granton, a noted judge, John Hope, a general under Wellington in the Peninsular War and William Johnstone Hope, a politician and admiral. Hope later raised an epitaph to his wife in Westminster Abbey.
In 1768, Hope replaced his father as Member of Parliament for Linlithgowshire under the influence of his cousin John Hope, 2nd Earl of Hopetoun. Winthin two years however Hope had been replaced by James Dundas following his support of John Wilkes against his sponsor's wishes. Having been removed from Parliament, Hope returned to merchant trade, becoming a noted writer in periodicals of the time some of which was later published in 1780 under the title of "Thoughts in Prose and Verse Started in his Walks". Hope died in 1785 of a bowel infection at Newcastle upon Tyne.

</doc>
<doc id="18359874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359874" title="C63">
C63

C63 or C-63 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="18359875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359875" title="Electrovaya">
Electrovaya

Electrovaya Inc. () is a developer and manufacturer of portable power solutions, especially a Lithium-ion battery. They are active in the alternative energy field and recently secured a contract with Scottish and Southern for storage batteries. The batteries enable smoother use of the smart grid by enabling power companies to store power during periods of low demand and increase supply during peak demand times. Traditional power generation meant that excess electric power was just wasted, however with developments in battery technology, such as that from Electrovaya, it has been possible to store the electricity generated. Electrovaya technology has also been used by NASA in space. They also manufacture tablet computers. The company is based in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada. 
Overview.
Electrovaya designs, develops and manufactures proprietary Lithium Ion SuperPolymer® batteries, battery systems, and battery-related products for the clean transportation, smart grid power, consumer and healthcare markets. The Company’s mission is to accelerate clean transportation as a commercial reality with its advanced power system for all classes of zero-emission electric vehicles and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles.
Electrovaya has over 150 patents, issued and pending. These protect its proprietary:
SuperPolymer battery technology; and Systems technologies (iBMS, packaging design, systems design)
It is a publicly traded company listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol EFL. The founders of the company, Sankar Das Gupta (PhD Imperial College London) and Jim Jacobs, began their research into battery technologies in 1983. The company went public in 2000.
Electric vehicles.
In January 2008, Electrovaya launched the Maya-300, a low-speed electric car for city driving.
NASA.
http://batteryworkshop.msfc.nasa.gov/presentations/05_Pouch%20Corr_Invstgtn_Status_JWeintritt.pdf
Tata.
Electrovaya is partnering with Tata Motors and Miljø Grenland/Innovasjon to manufacture batteries and electric cars using Electrovaya’s Lithium Ion SuperPolymer battery technology.
The Tata Indica EV is scheduled to be launched in Norway in 2009 and India in 2010. Electrovaya’s batteries are expected to go on a single charge.
Car-sharing.
The U.S. nation's first all-electric car-sharing program has debuted at Baltimore's Inner Harbor, with manufacturer Electrovaya that is offering its Maya-300 for rent at the Maryland Science Center. The car can go up to on one charge of its lithium-ion battery system.
References.
http://batteryworkshop.msfc.nasa.gov/presentations/05_Pouch%20Corr_Invstgtn_Status_JWeintritt.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="18359880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359880" title="The Unknown Masada">
The Unknown Masada

Masada Anniversary Edition Volume 3: The Unknown Masada is the third album in a series of five releases celebrating the 10th anniversary of John Zorn's Masada songbook project. It features 12 previously unreleased Masada compositions performed by Erik Friedlander's Quake (1), Rashanim (2), Dave Douglas (3), Tatsuya Yoshida (4), Naftule's Dream (5), Jamie Saft (6), Zahava Seewald (7), Koby Israelite (8), Julian Kytasty (9); Fantômas (10), Wadada Leo Smith and Ikue Mori (11), and Eyvind Kang (12).
Reception.
Allmusic critic Sean Westergaard wrote "... there is a tremendous amount of stylistic diversity here, from the very traditional sound of Julian Kytasty to the very untraditional sounds of Fantômas. In fact, listeners more familiar with "The Circle Maker" or "Bar Kokhba" might not be prepared for some of the hard rock treatments of some of these tunes... The Zorn crowd tends to follow his every move and usually know what to expect; the uninitiated should probably approach this one with some caution."
Dominique Leone was positive about the disc as a whole, writing: "...for the most part Zorn's music has yet again proved to withstand the test of time and interpretation. If Masada does indeed go down as his greatest moment, it will be in part because other musicians have run with his ideas and been able to make their own artistic marks with his music. In that sense, "The Unknown Masada" and the other anniversary series albums are as significant as any release in his canon."

</doc>
<doc id="18359918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359918" title="Pantaleón River">
Pantaleón River

The Río Pantaleón is a river in the south of Guatemala. Its sources are located in the Sierra Madre range, on the western slopes of the Volcán de Fuego in the departments of Chimaltenango and Escuintla. The river flows in a south-westerly direction through the coastal lowlands of Escuintla where it joins the San Crostobal River, a tributary of the Coyolate River.
The Pantaleón river's proximity to the active Fuego volcano increases the risks of inundations and mudflows.

</doc>
<doc id="18359934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359934" title="Aberdare by-election, 1954">
Aberdare by-election, 1954

The Aberdare by-election, 1954 was a parliamentary by-election held on 28 October 1954 for the British House of Commons constituency of Aberdare in Wales. The seat had become vacant when the Labour Member of Parliament (MP) David Thomas had died on 20 June 1954. Thomas had held the seat since a 1946 by-election. The Labour candidate, Arthur Probert held the seat for the party. He remained the constituency's MP until his retirement at the February 1974 general election. 

</doc>
<doc id="18359953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359953" title="CHRNA10">
CHRNA10

Neuronal acetylcholine receptor subunit alpha-10 also known as cholinergic receptor nicotinic alpha 10 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CHRNA10" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a subunit of the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (nAchR).
This nAchR subunit is required for the normal function of the olivocochlear system which is part of the auditory system. Furthermore selective block of α9α10 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors by the conotoxin RgIA has been shown to be analgesic in an animal model of nerve injury pain.

</doc>
<doc id="18359977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359977" title="Ficus platypoda">
Ficus platypoda

Ficus platypoda, commonly known as the desert fig or rock fig, is a fig that is endemic to central and northern Australia, and Indonesia. The fruit can be eaten when soft and ripe. Horticulturally, it is suitable for use in bonsai; its tendency to form a wide trunk base and small leaves being attractive features. Specimens have been exhibited in at the 5th Annual Exhibition of Australian Native Plants as Bonsai in Canberra in November 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18359989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359989" title="Stoke Damerel Community College">
Stoke Damerel Community College

Stoke Damerel Community College is an academy school and maths and computing college in Stoke, Plymouth, England.
Stoke Damerel Community College was formed after the closure of Penlee Secondary Modern in the late 1980s. The school has recently had major building and refurbishment work completed to improve its entrance and create larger, more modern open spaces. 
Work included "The Street", a large central corridor to help congestion and provide a social area for the students, an extended library with over a hundred flat screen computers, a larger and better equipped Sixth Form Common room and sports facilities. The school is on a hill with panoramic views of Plymouth and admits pupils from 11-18. The 300-strong sixth form is run in conjunction with Kitto Community College and Tamarside Community College, offering A levels, AS levels, and BTEC qualifications. The school has around 750 computers. The school is now an official trust school and in 2011 applied for academy status

</doc>
<doc id="18359998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359998" title="Pohleď">
Pohleď

Pohleď is a village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 80 people live there and it has 4,34 km². It was first documented in 1400.

</doc>
<doc id="18360005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360005" title="Arjan Xhumba">
Arjan Xhumba

Arjan Xhumba (born 9 July 1968 in Gjirokastër, Albania) is a former Albanian footballer. He has 48 appearances for Albanian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="18360025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360025" title="Cool Boarders 4">
Cool Boarders 4

Cool Boarders 4 is a snowboarding video game created for the PlayStation. The game was released in 1999.
In the game the player can play multiple tracks with multiple characters. The campaign includes scenarios such as slalom runs and time attacks. In the game the feature of multiplayer is also accessible. The game is also fully playable on the PlayStation 3.

</doc>
<doc id="18360043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360043" title="Conventioneers (film)">
Conventioneers (film)

Conventioneers is a 2005 American comedy film directed by Mora Stephens, depicting a romance between a delegate at the Republican National Convention and a member of the Democratic Party.
At Rotten Tomatoes, the film received 75% positive reviews from the T-meter critics, including Nathan Lee from New York Times.

</doc>
<doc id="18360054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360054" title="Cool Boarders 2001">
Cool Boarders 2001

Cool Boarders 2001 is a snowboarding video game created for PlayStation and PlayStation 2. The game was released in 2000.
"Cool Boarders 2001" was the last made in the series of "Cool Boarders" games.

</doc>
<doc id="18360057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360057" title="Aberdare by-election">
Aberdare by-election

Aberdare by-election could refer to two by-elections held for the Parliament of the United Kingdom;

</doc>
<doc id="18360071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360071" title="Ficus obliqua">
Ficus obliqua

Ficus obliqua, commonly known as the small-leaved fig, is a tree in the family Moraceae, native to eastern Australia, New Guinea, eastern Indonesia to Sulawesi and islands in the southwestern Pacific Ocean. Previously known for many years as Ficus eugenioides, it is a banyan of the genus "Ficus", which contains around 750 species worldwide in warm climates, including the edible fig ("Ficus carica"). Beginning life as a seedling, which grows on other plants (epiphyte) or on rocks (lithophyte), "F. obliqua" can grow to 60 m (200 ft) high and nearly as wide with a pale grey buttressed trunk, and glossy green leaves.
The small round yellow fruit ripen and turn red at any time of year, although they peak in autumn and winter (April to July). Known as a syconium, the fruit is an inverted inflorescence with the flowers lining an internal cavity. "Ficus obliqua" is pollinated by two species of fig wasp—"Pleistodontes greenwoodi" and "P. xanthocephalus". Many species of bird, including pigeons, parrots and various passerines, eat the fruit. The range is along the east coast from Queensland, through New South Wales in rainforest, savanna woodland, sclerophyll forest and gallery forest. It is used as a shade tree in parks and public spaces, and is well-suited for use as an indoor plant or in bonsai. All parts of the tree have been used in traditional medicine in Fiji.
Taxonomy.
Commonly known as the small-leaved fig, "Ficus obliqua" was described by German naturalist Georg Forster in 1786 based on type material collected in Vanuatu. Dutch botanist Friedrich Miquel described "Urostigma eugenioides" from Albany Island in Queensland in 1861, which was reclassified by Victorian Government Botanist Ferdinand von Mueller as "Ficus eugenioides" in 1867, and it was known as this for many years. However, as Forster's name is older, it takes precedence. The specific epithet is the Latin adjective "obliquus", meaning "oblique", although the attribute it refers to is unclear. Frederick Manson Bailey described "Ficus tryonii" in 1906, from a collection at altitude on Middle Percy Island in the Whitsunday Islands off central Queensland, which is now regarded as "F. obliqua". Joseph Banks and Daniel Solander collected and named "Ficus virginea" from Booby Island in 1770, which was synonymised with "F. obliqua" by William Philip Hiern in 1901.
The species is currently regarded as monotypic. Three varieties of "Ficus obliqua" were recognised until 2001—"F. obliqua" var. "petiolaris", "F. obliqua" var. "obliqua", and "F. obliqua" var. "puberula" from Western Australia. A revision of the group led to the conclusion that "F. obliqua" var. "petiolaris" belonged in the species "F. rubiginosa". "F. obliqua" var. "puberula" was found to be more distantly related to "obliqua" than "rubiginosa" and hence has been reclassified as a separate species, "Ficus brachypoda".
With over 750 species, "Ficus" is one of the largest angiosperm genera. Based on morphology, English botanist E. J. H. Corner divided the genus into four subgenera, which was later expanded to six. In this classification, "Ficus obliqua" was placed in subseries "Malvanthereae", series "Malvanthereae", section "Malvanthera" of the subgenus "Urostigma". In his reclassification of the Australian "Malvanthera", Australian botanist Dale J. Dixon altered the delimitations of the series within the section, but left this species in the series "Malvanthereae".
In a study published in 2008, Nina Rønsted and colleagues analysed the DNA sequences from the nuclear ribosomal internal and external transcribed spacers (ITS and ETS), and the glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (G3pdh) region, in the first molecular analysis of the section "Malvanthera". They found "F. obliqua" to be most closely related to three species of the arid Northern Territory ("F. platypoda", "F. subpuberula" and "F. lilliputiana") and classified it in a new series "Obliquae" in the subsection "Platypodeae". The species had remained a transitional rainforest species while its relatives radiated into dryer regions.
Description.
"Ficus obliqua" is a tree, which may reach 15–60 m (50–200 ft) in height with a similar crown width. It has smooth thin grey bark with lighter-coloured lenticels, and a buttressed trunk, which may reach 3 m (10 ft) in diameter. The glossy green leaves are elliptic to oblong in shape and measure 5–8 cm (2–3 in) long by 2–3.5 cm (0.8–1.4 in) wide on 1–2 cm (0.4–0.8 in) petioles. They are alternately arranged on the stems. Growing in pairs, the round yellow fruit turn orange or orange-red dotted with darker red and reaches a diameter of 6 to 10 mm (0.2–0.4 in) upon ripening over April to July, although fruit can appear at other times of year. As is the case with all figs, the fruit is an inverted inflorescence known as a syconium, with tiny flowers arising from the inner surface. "Ficus obliqua" is monoecious—both male and female flowers are produced by the same plant, and in fact in the same fruit. Within any given fruit, female flowers mature several weeks before the male flowers.
Historically, there has been some confusion between "Ficus obliqua" and the related "F. rubiginosa". "F. obliqua" can be distinguished by its smaller fruit on shorter stalks and its glabrous (hairless) leaves; in addition, the petioles have ascending hyaline hairs. Some forms of "F. rubiginosa" have both leaves and petioles glabrous while others have both covered in fine fur. The syconia of "F. obliqua" are smaller, measuring 4.3–11.9 mm long and 4.4–11.0 mm in diameter, compared with 7.4–17.3 mm long and 7.6–17.3 mm diameter for "F. rubiginosa". "Ficus brachypoda" is a lithophytic plant from arid northern and western Australia, with a short petiole and leaf shape aligning it with "Ficus platypoda".
Distribution and habitat.
"Ficus obliqua" occurs from Mount Dromedary (36° S) in southern New South Wales northwards along the coast and Great Dividing Range to the tip of Cape York Peninsula in north Queensland. Outside Australia it occurs on New Guinea and offshore islands, through eastern Indonesia to Sulawesi in the west and east into the southwestern Pacific, where it is found in New Caledonia, Fiji, Tonga, Samoa and Vanuatu. It had been thought to occur in Western Australia, but these collections have been now referred to "Ficus brachypoda". Preferring soils with high nutrient and water content, it occurs on sandstone or latite soils in the Sydney region. The habitat is warm temperate to moist subtropical rainforest. Large specimens can rise above the canopy as emergent trees.
Ecology.
The Double-eyed Fig Parrot ("Cyclopsitta diophthalma") eats the fruit of "Ficus obliqua", steadily depositing fruity detritus on the ground. The Rainbow Lorikeet ("Trichoglossus moluccanus") is another parrot that consumes the fruit and disperses the seeds; other Australian bird species include the Southern Cassowary ("Casuarius casuarius"), Brown Cuckoo-Dove ("Macropygia phasianella"), Rose-crowned Fruit Dove ("Ptilinopus regina"), Wompoo Fruit Dove ("P. magnificus"), Wonga Pigeon ("Leucosarcia melanoleuca"), Topknot Pigeon ("Lopholaimus antarcticus"), Silvereye ("Zosterops lateralis"), Pied Currawong ("Strepera graculina"), Black-faced Cuckoo-shrike ("Coracina novaehollandae"), Olive-backed Oriole ("Oriolus sagittatus"), Australasian Figbird ("Sphecotheres vieilloti"), Green Catbird ("Ailuroedus crassirostris"), Regent Bowerbird ("Sericulus chrysocephalus"), Satin Bowerbird ("Ptilonorhynchus violaceus"), and Lewin's Honeyeater ("Meliphaga lewinii"). The tree is an important food source for the western Polynesian species the Many-coloured Fruit Dove ("Ptilinopus perousii") and Crimson-crowned Fruit Dove ("P. porphyraceus"), and has been recommended for amenity planting in Tonga for these birds. The Spectacled flying fox ("Pteropus conspicillatus") and Grey-headed flying fox ("Pteropus poliocephalus") also eat the fruit.
Leaves of "Ficus obliqua" serve as a food source for the larvae of the butterfly species the Common Crow ("Euploea core"), the No-brand Crow ("Euploea alcathoe"), and the Geometer moth species "Scopula epigypsa". The thrips species "Gynaikothrips australis" feeds on the underside of new leaves of "F. obliqua", as well as "F. rubiginosa" and "F. macrophylla". As plant cells die, nearby cells are induced into forming meristem tissue. A gall results and the leaves become distorted and curl over. The thrips remain in the galls at night and wander about in the daytime before returning in the evening, possibly to different galls about the tree. The thrips begin feeding when the tree has flushes of new growth, and the life cycle is around six weeks. At other times, thrips reside on old leaves without feeding or pupate sheltered in the bark.
Reproduction and life span.
Figs have an obligate mutualism with fig wasps (Agaonidae); figs are only pollinated by fig wasps, and fig wasps can only reproduce in fig flowers. Generally, each fig species depends on a single species of wasp for pollination. The wasps are similarly dependent on their fig species to reproduce. The assumption that fig species are usually pollinated by just one species of fig wasp has been challenged by the discovery of cryptic species complexes among what was previously thought to be single species of fig wasps. "Ficus obliqua" is pollinated by two species of fig wasp—"Pleistodontes greenwoodi" and "P. xanthocephalus".
Female and male flowers in each syconium mature at different times. Female wasps enter the syconium and lay eggs in the female flowers as they mature. These eggs later hatch and the progeny mate. The females of the new generation collect pollen from the male flowers, which have matured by this point, and leave to visit other syconia and repeat the process. A field study in Brisbane found that "F. obliqua" trees often bore both male and female syconia at the same time—this could be beneficial for reproduction in isolated populations, such as those on islands. The same study found a slightly reduced number of male phase syconia in winter, thought due to increased mortality of the wasp pollinator in cooler months.
The animals that eat the figs disperse the seeds, which then germinate and grow on other plants (epiphytes) or on rocks (lithophytes). As the new plants develop, they send roots to the forest floor. Figs growing on other plants grow larger and larger until they strangle their hosts. "Ficus obliqua" is long-lived, and trees are thought to live in excess of 500 years.
Uses.
"Ficus obliqua" is an elegant shade tree for parks or fields, and is adaptable to differing soils. A notable specimen in Mick Ryan Park, Milton on the New South Wales south coast stands 14 m (46 ft) tall and 38 m (124 ft) across, and is a local landmark. Like other fig species that grow into large trees, "Ficus obliqua" is not suitable for any but the largest gardens as its aggressive root system invades drains and garden beds. Fig trees also drop large quantities of fruit and leaves, leaving a mess underfoot. Although it is much less used in bonsai than "F. rubiginosa", "F. obliqua" is well-suited for use in the medium; its small leaves and trunk's propensity to thicken give it attributes optimal for a tree 10–80 cm (4–32 in) in height. It is seen in bonsai nurseries mainly in the Brisbane area, where it is a locally common species, and is very highly regarded by at least one proponent, Bradley Barlow. Barlow entered a specimen from Brisbane to the Bonsai Clubs International competition in 2006, winning a prize. It is also suited for use as an indoor plant in low-, medium- or brightly lit indoor spaces. The timber is too soft for use in woodworking.
Known as "baka" or "baka ni viti" in Fiji, "Ficus obliqua" has many of its parts used in Fijian traditional medicine, and was previously held to be sacred there. Its white sap has been used for painful or swollen joints and limbs or boils, or diluted with water and drunk to improve breast milk. Liquid extracted from the root bark has been used for headaches or, when diluted, to improve health after childbirth, and the leaves are applied to venereal lesions. The species has been traditionally used for boils in Samoa and Tonga.

</doc>
<doc id="18360080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360080" title="Dana Shertz">
Dana Shertz

Dana Shertz (born 1959) is a member of SD Sport Innovators' advisory board. He is also managing partner of Art of the Unconscious. He is the former COO and CMO of the San Diego, California-based company EnDev Enterprises.
Biography.
Shertz served as Vice President of Sales for Callaway Golf from 1988 to 2002, during which time annual revenue grew from $5 million to $840 million.
From 2002-2006 he served as President and COO of MacGregor Golf. The company attempted a buyout of Callaway Golf with an all-cash bid of $1.24 billion in conjunction with Boston-based Bain Capital, which was ultimately declined by Callaway’s board.
From 2006 to 2009, Shertz served as COO and CMO of EnDev Enterprises, which owned various San Diego nightclubs and restaurants.
Shertz formed The Art of the Unconscious in 2010 to promote the works of his father, abstract painter Max Shertz.
Shertz sits on the board of St. Vincent de Paul Villages, a part of Father Joe’s Villages. In 2008, he was named by "San Diego Magazine" as one of the 50 People to Watch.

</doc>
<doc id="18360105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360105" title="Commission of Justiciary">
Commission of Justiciary

A commission of justiciary was a method of law enforcement employed in Scotland, in particular in the 16th and 17th centuries.
In an era when the practical reach of central government was limited, the issuing authority (generally the king) would issue a commission to a single individual or a number of individuals authorising and requiring him or them to take steps to deal with the particular problem with which the authority was concerned. The problem might consist in a particular crime, a particular criminal or criminals, or wider local disorder.
Commission of fire and sword.
The powers granted under such commissions were extensive and draconian and often included the power to administer summary justice, with no subsequent obligation to account for the steps taken. The archetype was the “commission of fire and sword” which features so prominently in clan history in the Highlands. A commission granted in 1649 by the estates of parliament in favour of the Earl of Sutherland contains characteristic language, authorising a number of individuals:
Notable examples of commissions of fire and sword include:
Political control.
A system of this kind was clearly open to abuse and was not infrequently employed by the great magnates to carry on personal feuds or campaigns of self-aggrandisement. In the late 16th century there was something of a power struggle between the privy council and the gentlemen of the king’s chamber for control over the process, resulting in orders by the council in 1587, 1594 and 1598, which cancelled all existing commissions, and in 1608, which cancelled commissions that permitted the bearing of fire-arms. A statute in 1592 also sought to put an end to general commissions (as opposed to particular commissions targeted against specific individuals), and the establishment of a register of signet commissions in 1608 is further evidence of the council’s (ultimately successful) campaign to regularise their issue.
Witch-hunting.
One form of commission of justiciary that survived until well into the 17th century was that employed for the purpose of witch-hunting.

</doc>
<doc id="18360118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360118" title="Ficus pantoniana">
Ficus pantoniana

Ficus pantoniana, commonly known as the Climbing Fig, is a species of fig tree, native to Australia. It is found in lowland rainforests on the Cape York Peninsula in northern Queensland. It is a woody climber which may reach 3–6 m in height. It was described by botanist George King in 1887 from a specimen collected in New Guinea, "Ficus nugenti" by Karel Domin in 1921, and "F. scandens" var. "australis" by Bailey are synonyms.

</doc>
<doc id="18360122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360122" title="The Main Thing">
The Main Thing

Самое главное ("The main thing") is the fifth studio album by the Russian pop singer Alsou, released in 2008. It features ballads, some R'n'B and more guitar flavored sound. Alsou has penned the lyrics to one of the songs, "Я любила".
May 26th 2008 the album was released digitally to pay-sites such as "7Digital" and others. In the first 6 months more than 400.000 copies was bought just in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="18360135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360135" title="Quarterback scramble">
Quarterback scramble

A quarterback scramble or scramble is an impromptu maneuver or run in American football and Canadian football by a quarterback. If a quarterback is under pressure by an opposing team's defense, he may run forward, backward, or laterally in an attempt to avoid being tackled behind the line of scrimmage—a quarterback sack. A scramble is not usually a designed play, but instead is the action of a quarterback to avoid being sacked by the defense or an improvised run forward to gain yardage if an opportunity presents itself. 

</doc>
<doc id="18360149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360149" title="Claire Griffiths">
Claire Griffiths

Claire Helena Griffiths is professor of French and francophone studies in the Department of Modern Languages at the University of Chester in Great Britain. She was previously senior research fellow in Francophone African studies in the Wilberforce Institute for the Study of Slavery and Emancipation and instructor in the Departments of French and Modern Languages at the University of Hull. She has taught courses on the processes of colonisation and decolonisation in the French Empire, the political history of French-speaking Africa, African women’s writing in French, French political art, translation and interpreting.
Education and career.
Griffiths earned a BA (Hons.) in French and politics from University of Warwick, an M.Phil. in Politics from the University of Bath and a Ph.D. from Hull University, Before beginning her academic research and teaching career, she worked as a trainee translator for the European Commission. On February 27, 2008, Griffiths delivered the Peter Forster Memorial Lecture at University of Hull: "Engendering Social Development Policy: A Case of Globalisation or Colonial Revisionism in Francophone Africa?"
Senegal archives.
Griffiths directs a project to translate and electronically archive colonial documents from the Senegalese National Archives, particularly documents on African women and girls living under French colonial rule. A principal resource is a series of 18 reports from Denise Moran Savineau to French West Africa Governor General Jules Marcel de Coppet, which the archives project has made freely available in both the original French and in English translation with annotations.

</doc>
<doc id="18360160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360160" title="I Had an Autumn Dream">
I Had an Autumn Dream

Мне приснилась осень ("i dream of autumn") is the third studio album by the Russian pop music singer Alsou released in October 2001. Some of the songs were included on her previous album ("Алсу"). The sales of album exceeded 300.000 legal copies in Russia. More than 200.000 extra copies were bought in several CIS countries.

</doc>
<doc id="18360190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360190" title="Abedin Nepravishta">
Abedin Nepravishta

Abedin Nepravishta was an Albanian politician and twice former major of Tirana, Albania, during 1933-1935 and 1937-1939.
He was born in Libohovë, and went to Istanbul to follow the Imperial School of High Administration. He has served as major in different districts in Albania (Shkodra, Durresi, Elbasani, Korca, Dibra) under the reign of king Zog of Albania. 
He was the commander of the armed forces that protected the delegates of the Congress of Lushnjë in 27 January 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="18360207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360207" title="Belga (news agency)">
Belga (news agency)

Belga is a Belgian news agency which was founded in 1920 as "Agence télégraphique belge de presse" by Pierre-Marie Olivier and Maurice Travailleur. It is based in Schaerbeek (Brussels)

</doc>
<doc id="18360239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360239" title="Carri Mundane">
Carri Mundane

Carri Munden is an English fashion designer. Born as Carri Munden, she is also credited as Carri Munden and CassettePlaya, her fashion label. She currently works and lives in London.
Career.
In addition to her lines, Munden has worked as a stylist for music videos and tours. She says of those she works with, "We have the same references... I translate their sound into clothes." Munden graduated in fashion design at the University of Westminster. She met fellow designer and close friend Mathangi Arulpragasam while the latter was looking to include a subject in one of her films; she describes the two as "the only weirdos in west London" at the time.
She has worked with several people including M.I.A. (a tracksuit for "Galang"), Klaxons ("Atlantis to Interzone"), Dizzee Rascal, Late of the Pier, Patrick Wolf, Ruff Sqwad, Boy Better Know and Afrikan Boy among others. Munden is a contributing fashion editor of "Super Super magazine", contributor and stylist for "i-D," and has collaborated with Nicola Formichetti of "Dazed & Confused". Her designs have also been worn by Nelly Furtado and Rihanna.
Munden began designing for Klaxons at the beginning of their career. Munden has also styled and art directed a Billionaire Boys Club shoot for "Dazed & Confused", and "Dunk Be True", an exhibition in the East End of London, focusing on the iconic Nike Dunk, in which she also appeared. She and designer Steve Loveridge were commissioned by M.I.A. to contribute artwork for her 2007 album "Kala.
In 2007, Munden was nominated for "Best Menswear Designer" at the British Fashion Awards, alongside Christopher Bailey and Alexander McQueen.
In 2008, she was named by "Rolling Stone magazine" as "Best Fashion Designer" of 2008 in their "Best of Rock" issue.
She has presented her work four times at MAN, an initiative for new menswear as part of London Fashion Week, and also showcased her work in a "Pitti Immagine" sponsored exhibition as part of the Milan Fashion Week. Her first MAN showcase was a film installation (MAN Fall/Winter 2006/07), then a show for Spring/Summer 2007, followed by a film shown on the runway and then her "Future Primitive" show for Spring/Summer 2008.
In collaboration with Nike, a Cassette Playa Nike Blazer Premium was exclusively created and featured in her Spring/Summer 2008 show, to be released in selected international stores in late 2008. In July 2008, her work is presented in the "Fashion V Sport" exhibition at London’s V&A (Victoria & Albert Museum). International outlets where her clothes sell include Dover Street Market in London, Colette in Paris, SlamJam in Milan, Seven in New York, and Side by Side in Tokyo amongst others. On her MySpace account, Munden lists the Kokon to Zai at London and Paris, Walter Store at Antwerp, Henrik Wibskov Store in Copenhagen, the Black Market in Stockholm, Daily Projects in Seoul, Ambush in Singapore, Shine in Hong Kong, and UK Style in Moscow as boutiques that also stock CassettePlaya.
Munden was commissioned by Nintendo DS to provide vinyl and foil artwork rooted in customisation for the console's MySims world game. A 2008 live video jumpdance installation work at the Pitti Uomo in Florence, Italy was particularly well received -showcasing "street gang pixel warriors joined by Sci-fi grime boys" sporting varying garments.
In 2010, Munden appeared in a fashion-themed episode of series six of "The Apprentice".
Carri will be working on a "collaboration" with SHINee's Key in their next concert outfit, hopefully.
Aesthetic.
Influenced by her subjects' art, Munden has also cited several global traditions including '90s skater fashion, Japanese anime, African prints, neon, and '90s rave as influences in addition to animals, science and science fiction. She describes the CassettePlaya universe as "techno, primal, positive, tribal." Casseteplaya is known a pioneer of the new rave genre in fashion although Cassetteplaya has distanced herself from the term, saying it is "Vacant in retro. It’s just a marketing machine... I guess it was a fun time but I’m more excited about what happens now. The next level - the next generation. There’s a mood of neo-spiritualism and futurism that excites me." Her use of paw print fabrics and "evil looking animal masks" led some to describe her fashions as having "a certain wrath-of-Technoticlan vibe." She says "I draw really heavily from ancient hunting rituals, but my collection was also inspired by Eighties and Nineties skate culture...I wanted to bring that ancient Shamanic vibe to the city today." Aztec art was cited as inspiring her use of orange in early lines. She describes some of her designs as "quite cartoon" but that she has "no intention of making people look funny". Designing wear for men, she feels her designs make male wearers more 'masculinated', stating "You have to be hard to carry it off." Interested in video games, her most recent line references YouTube, text messaging and circuit bending, propelled by her desire to create a matrix with wearers "stepping into the gaming world with no way to get back out."

</doc>
<doc id="18360242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360242" title="Sophie Simone Cortina">
Sophie Simone Cortina

Sophie Simone Cortina is a reporter, television host, sports reporter, voice over talent, designer, writer, photographer and, to a lesser extent, actor living between Los Angeles, CA, Chicago, IL, New York City, U.S.A, Mexico City, Mexico, and Europe. Prior to her career as an entertainer and reporter, she had a professional tennis career and was three times national tennis champion in Mexico and also was ranked in the Top 20 in the world as a junior tennis player. She is an avid traveler and has visited over 40 countries as a tennis player and on personal journeys or explorations.
Early life.
Born in Caracas, Venezuela, Cortina grew up in Mexico City with her French mother and her Mexican father. She has been 100% trilingual since she started to speak, fully immersed in a multicultural environment. She attended a French school (Lycée Franco Mexicain) in Mexico City and received a full athletic scholarship to attend the University of Miami, FL, U.S.A. She graduated with honors in International Business & Marketing, minored in Photo Journalism and theatre.
Career.
Cortina played in international tennis tournaments all over the world, including the French Open, US Open and Wimbledon. She finished her professional tennis career due to a shoulder injury from which she underwent surgery while at the University of Miami, and shortly after graduation Sophie started a new career as a reporter, television host, entertainer and sports reporter. She also started a jewelry line named Sophie Simone Designs. This includes international work in many countries for Univision, Telemundo, MTV, MuchMusic Television, Cosmopolitan International Television, Fox Sports, Fox International, AXN, ESPN and now hosts her own daily news show that airs daily on all Sprint Mobile phones. 
She has covered the 2010 FIFA World Cup for Televisa. To a lesser extent Cortina worked as an actor. She has appeared in countless commercials on television and in radio broadcasting in English, French, Spanish and Italian.

</doc>
<doc id="18360243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360243" title="1990 FA Charity Shield">
1990 FA Charity Shield

The 1990 FA Charity Shield was the 68th Charity Shield, a football match contested by the winners of the previous season's Football League and FA Cup competitions. The match was played on 18 August 1990 between 1989–90 Football League champions Liverpool and 1989–90 FA Cup winners Manchester United. This would be the last time either team was to share the trophy, as new regulations were brought in two years later that allowed for extra time and subsequently a penalty shootout if a draw occurred in normal time.
Utility player Clayton Blackmore opened the scoring for United in the first half, but a John Barnes penalty kick drew Liverpool level shortly after the break. The match finished at 1–1 and the two sides shared the trophy for six months each.
New signing Denis Irwin made his Manchester United debut in the game, beginning a 12-year spell at the club which would see him collect numerous major honours.
Absent from the game was Manchester United captain Bryan Robson, who would be out of action until December that year due to injury, his place in the team being taken by Blackmore.
As a curtain–raiser to the match, the England women's national football team played Italy. Carolina Morace scored all four goals in England's 4–1 defeat and made it onto the front page of the following day's La Gazzetta dello Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="18360296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360296" title="The Peel Sessions (The Smiths EP)">
The Peel Sessions (The Smiths EP)

The Peel Sessions is an EP by the English alternative rock band The Smiths. The EP, which was released in 1988, was recorded on 18 May 1983, for the BBC Radio 1 disc jockey John Peel's show which was subsequently broadcast on 31 May 1983. All but "Miserable Lie" were already included on the 1984 album "Hatful of Hollow". The EP did not chart (top 75) but did reach number 90 in the UK singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18360299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360299" title="Halesowen Harriers F.C.">
Halesowen Harriers F.C.

Halesowen Harriers F.C. was an English association football club based in Halesowen. The club played in the West Midlands (Regional) League from 1984 until 1994 and the Midland Football Alliance from 1994 until financial problems led to the club closing down in 2003.
History.
Halesowen Harriers F.C. was founded by Derek Beasley and formed in 1961 as a Sunday league team, although as local laws at the time prohibited football from being played on Sundays, the team had to play all their matches away from home. In 1962 the club joined the Festival League, a Birmingham-based Sunday league, where they won a number of championships. In 1980 the team also reached the semi-final stage of the FA Sunday Cup.
In 1984 the club opted to switch to Saturday football and joined the West Midlands (Regional) League, initially in Division Two, and won the league championship at the first attempt. In the 1985–86 season, the Harriers gained a second consecutive championship, winning the Division One title to gain a place in the Premier Division. The club spent eight seasons in the Premier Division, with a best finish of third place in the 1988–89 season, the same year in which the Harriers achieved their best ever run in the FA Vase, reaching the third round. In 1994 the club was selected to be one of the founder members of the Midland Football Alliance. Financial problems dogged the club, however, and in 2003 it was forced to close down, the last ever Halesowen Harriers match being a home game with Causeway United on 28 April 2003.
Grounds.
The Harriers' first home ground was a park pitch in Bartley Green, followed by a similar pitch in Kingstanding. In 1969 the club began a ground share arrangement at the home of Halesowen Town. Coinciding with the switch from Sunday to Saturday play in 1984, the club opened a new ground at Park Road in Halesowen, which had a capacity of 4,000, with 350 seats. The highest attendance registered at the ground was 672 for a friendly against Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18360305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360305" title="Branice">
Branice

Branice () is a village located in the Opole Voivodeship (southern Poland), near the border with the Czech Republic. It belongs to Głubczyce County and is the seat of Gmina Branice. In 2006 it was inhabited by 2,300 people. It lies approximately south of Głubczyce and south of the regional capital Opole.

</doc>
<doc id="18360311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360311" title="HTR3B">
HTR3B

5-hydroxytryptamine (serotonin) receptor 3B, also known as "HTR3B", is a human gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a subunit of the 5-HT3 receptor.

</doc>
<doc id="18360315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360315" title="HTR3C">
HTR3C

5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 3C is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "HTR3C" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a subunit of the 5-HT3 receptor.

</doc>
<doc id="18360317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360317" title="HTR3D">
HTR3D

5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 3D is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "HTR3D" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a subunit of the 5-HT3 receptor.

</doc>
<doc id="18360320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360320" title="HTR3E">
HTR3E

5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 3E is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "HTR3E" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a subunit of the 5-HT3 receptor.

</doc>
<doc id="18360347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360347" title="Josef Pöttinger">
Josef Pöttinger

Josef Pöttinger (16 April 1903 – 9 September 1970) was a German football player. His nicknames were Sepp and Pötschge. During his career he played for Bayern Munich and had 14 appearances for Germany.
Club career.
Pöttinger debuted with 16 years in the first team of Bayern Munich. He was a striker, renowned for his technical excellence. His opponents' difficulties to stop him often resulted in brutal fouls, which led to constant injuries for Pöttinger and eventually to an early end of his career.
When Bayern Munich won the southgerman championship 1925–26 he had scored 57 times during the season. 1928 was the year of his greatest success with the club, when they reached the semifinals of the German championship. He had to end his career in 1930 due to knee-injury.
National team.
His first game for the German national team was on 18 April 1926 in Düsseldorf against the Netherlands. In the 4:2 win he scored three times. He participated with his team in the Olympic Games 1928.
Coach.
Pöttinger coached the VfB Pankow, 1. SV Jena, Teutonia Munich, VfB Stuttgart, FC Bayern Munich, 1. FC Lichtenfels, and BC Augsburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18360358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360358" title="Affect consciousness">
Affect consciousness

Affect consciousness, or affect integration which is a more generic term for the same phenomenon, refers to an individual's ability to consciously perceive, tolerate, reflect upon, and express affects. These four abilities are operationalized as degrees of awareness, tolerance, emotional (nonverbal) expression, and conceptual (verbal) expression of each of the following eleven affect categories:
The Affect Consciousness Interview (ACI) (Monsen et al., 2008), a semi-structured interview, is used to evaluate an individual's affect consciousness. The ACI evaluates the individual's awareness, tolerance, emotional expression, and conceptual expression of each of the affect categories are evaluated using a nine-point Affect Consciousness Scale (ACS); the most current version contains eleven affect categories. The AC-construct and it's psychotherapeutic implications were first proposed and described by Norwegian Psychology Professor Jon Monsen and his associates in the early eighties. The construct has become increasingly popular and more widely researched in recent years.
Conceptual background.
A number of authors and theoretical traditions inspired the development of the AC- construct, most notably Silvan Tomkins’ Basic Affect Theory, Script Theoretical formulations by the same author and Differential Emotions Theory (Izard, 1977, 1991). Modern self psychological formulations, specifically those advocated by Stolorow,Brandchaft, & Atwood (1995), Stolorow & Atwood
(1992) and Basch (1983) are also central, along with the writings of Stern (1985) and the seminal studiesby Emde and associates (e.g., Sorce, Emde, Campos & Klinnert, 1985) on nonverbal affective communication with infants. Based on Tomkins’ affect and script theory (2008b,1995a), the affect consciousness model posits that affect, along with pain, homeostatic life support processes and the cyclical drives, constitute the primary motivating forces in all human affairs. Of these motivational forces the affects are seen as the primary, and by far the most flexible. (Solbakken, Hansen & Monsen, 2011).
AC Continuum.
A person with a low level of affect consciousness is expected to be unable to make sense of both his or her own feelings and the emotions of others and to have difficulties attributing causes for his or her own and others’ behaviors. A person with high AC is expected to make sense of both his or her and others' emotions. Quoting Solbakken et al. variations in AC can be described as follows: "At low levels these scales indicate poor awareness and recognition of affects, a tendency for being overwhelmed by, unable to cope with and unable to decode meaningful information from affect activation, along with disavowal and shutdown of bodily expressive acts and inability to articulate and express semantic descriptions of affective experience. At intermediate levels affects are stably recognized and accepted, and both bodily expressive acts and semantic articulation of experience are generally acknowledged. Finally, high levels are characterized by capacity for focused and flexible awareness of nuances specific to different contexts and affect intensities, distinct openness to affective activation and its motivating and regulating functions, along with explicit reflection about the information inherent in the affect with its meanings and consequences for one’s understanding of both self and others. At this level the nonverbal and conceptual expressions of affects are clear, nuanced, authentic and characterized by the experience of choice, responsibility and awareness of others’ reactions to one’s communications (or lack thereof)".
Clinical Applications.
Psychotherapy Model.
A specific AC-psychotherapy treatment model (ACT - not to be confused with Acceptance and Commitment Therapy - which is a more recent model) has been developed and systematically tested (Monsen et al.,
1995a, b) for treating severe and complex mental disorders. It has later been revised and tested in a randomized controlled study with chronic pain patients (Monsen & Monsen, 1999, 2000). A recent revision of the model has been described by Monsen & Solbakken (2013) and is currently being tested empirically.
Affect Consciousness and its relationship to Psychopathology.
As noted by Solbakken et al., Affect Consciousness scores (both overall mean of all aspect-scores across affects and scores on each integrating aspect, and discrete affects) are strongly correlated with relevant measures of psychological dysfunction. Affect integration (operationalized through Affect Consciousness constructs and measured with the ACI and ACS) at different levels are stable correlates of psychopathology and psychological dysfunction such as symptom severity, interpersonal problems, personality disorder traits, and general functioning. Furthermore, the integration of specific affects have been shown to have distinct and predictable relationships with various types of relational problems 
Affect Consciousness as a predictor of change in psychotherapy.
It has been shown that in brief time-limited psychotherapy high levels of affect consciousness predict more extensive changes in symptoms and problems. On the other hand Solbakken, Hansen, Havik, & Monsen demonstrated that in open-ended psychotherapy focusing on the experience and expression of emotion, low levels of AC at the onset of treatment predicted greater changes in symptoms, relational difficulties, and personality disorder traits. Thus, under such psychotherapeutic conditions low AC represent primarily an increased potential for change.
Adult Attachment.
Lech's et al. research found a correlation between scores on the Affect Conscious Scale an adult attachment style. High affect consciousness was associated with secure attachment style; and, low affect consciousness was associated with insecure attachment style. The ability to experience and respond to others' affects seems to contribute to the development of a secure attachment style. The relationship between an individual's level of affect consciousness and attachment style may have implications in psychological treatment at changing maladaptive affective and relational patterns.
Mentalization.
It has been suggested that affect consciousness and the concept of mentalization partly overlap; however, there are several noted distinctions between the two concepts. First, compared to mentalization, affect consciousness places more emphasis on the explicit, conscious awareness and expression of affect states. Both mentalization theory and affect consciousness theory argue that the child's experience and expression of affects develop in relationship (primarily between one or more primary caregivers and the infant), but affect consciousness theory focuses more strongly on the biological foundations for affect differentiation and the adaptive properties inherent in discrete affects while emphasizing the individual's own perception and organization of his or her own affects.

</doc>
<doc id="18360411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360411" title="Otahuhu Power Station">
Otahuhu Power Station

The Otahuhu power station site is located in Otara, Auckland and holds two plants; Otahuhu A (open cycle gas turbines, now synchronous compensation) and Otahuhu B (a 404 MW combined cycle). It also is the site for the proposed Otahuhu C power station. The station is owned and operated by Contact Energy.
Otahuhu A (OTG).
The first generating units at Otahuhu were open cycle gas turbine Stal-Laval units, commissioned in 1968. The plant comprised four 45MW gas turbine units.
In 1978, a further two generating units were added, twin pack units using Rolls Royce Olympus gas turbines. 
The Otahuhu A gas turbines were retired from service by the late 1990s. The generators remain in use in synchronous compensate duty, providing reactive power to the grid.
Otahuhu B (OTC).
The combined cycle plant was commissioned in January 2000. This natural gas fired plant comprises a Siemens V94.3A(2) gas turbine in single shaft configuration. The HRSG is unfired triple pressure with reheat. Steam cycle cooling is by a hybrid wet - dry cooling tower, using sea water makeup.
At commissioning, the plant capacity was 385 MW. In 2005, upgrades to plant components (including the gas turbine compressor) resulted in an increase of plant capacity to approximately 404 MW.
Otahuhu C.
The Otahuhu C power station is a proposal for a 400MW combined cycle power station. Resource consents were granted by Auckland Regional Council for the plant in 2001, but construction has never commenced. 
In 2002, the Environmental Defence Society (EDS) appealed the resource consents. EDS argued that the predicted annual emissions of 1.2 million tonnes of carbon dioxide would contribute to climate change via the greenhouse effect and that the consent conditions should require complete carbon offsetting by planting of new forests. The Environment Court agreed with the scientific consensus on anthropogenic climate change and concluded that the proposed CO2 emissions would be an "adverse effect of some consequence". The court declined to impose the forest offsetting condition due to concerns over its "efficacy, appropriateness and reasonableness". 
In December 2002, Contact announced it was postponing the construction of the Otahuhu-C plant because of possible future insecurities of gas supply related to the expected depletion of the Maui gas field. In 2007, Contact said it would still be deferring a decision on the project as it was giving priority to renewable generation. CEO David Baldwin indicated that new generation growth would come primarily from new geothermal capacity. Also the Otahuhu C proposal should wait for the Government's intentions to adopt a market-based carbon pricing system to become clear. Baldwin still considered the Otahuhu C proposal was the most efficient gas-fired proposal in New Zealand and that it could help reduce emissions if it replaced less efficient coal generation.

</doc>
<doc id="18360440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360440" title="Football in Slovakia">
Football in Slovakia

Slovakia has participated in international football as an independent nation ever since 1993 when Czechoslovakia was divided into two new states. Although the country has not yet qualified for the European Championship, it qualified to the World Cup for the first time in 2010, where the side upset perennial power Italy and lost in the Round of 16.

</doc>
<doc id="18360464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360464" title="Microcentro">
Microcentro

Microcentro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18360480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360480" title="C66">
C66

C66 or C-66 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="18360484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360484" title="C67">
C67

C67 or C-67 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="18360487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360487" title="C68">
C68

C68 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18360491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360491" title="C71">
C71

C71 may refer to :
C-71 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18360492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360492" title="C72">
C72

C72 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18360495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360495" title="C76">
C76

C76 may refer to :
C-76 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18360496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360496" title="C77">
C77

C77 may refer to :
C-77 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18360498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360498" title="C78">
C78

C78 may refer to :
C-78 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18360500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360500" title="C84">
C84

C84 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18360501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360501" title="C88">
C88

C88 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18360502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360502" title="Nagarchal language">
Nagarchal language

Nagarchal is a Dravidian language in India. According to the 1971 census, there were 7,100 speakers of the language, but they have since shifted to Hindi and Gondi. The Nagarchal people live in the Balaghat, Chhindwara, Mandla and Seoni districts of Madhya Pradesh, the Durg District of Chhattisgarh, the Bhandara District in Maharashtra, and Rajasthan. Nagarchal speakers are sometimes referred to as Nagarchi.

</doc>
<doc id="18360504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360504" title="C91">
C91

C91 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18360506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360506" title="C92">
C92

C92 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18360508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360508" title="KSMC">
KSMC

KSMC (89.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting from the campus of Saint Mary's College of California in Moraga.
KSMC broadcasts at 89.5 on the FM dial with an effective radiated power of 800 watts, and as of 2012 has been streaming online. 
Since the station's inception in 1947, it has been entirely student run.
The station is especially notable for its Monday night show with DJ Big-V, and the Tuesday night lineup featuring John's Variety Show and the After John Show with AKP.

</doc>
<doc id="18360509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360509" title="C94">
C94

C94 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18360511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360511" title="C95">
C95

C95 may refer to :
C-95 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18360516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360516" title="World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims">
World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims

The World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims takes place on the third Sunday in November every year as the appropriate acknowledgment of victims of road traffic crashes and their families. It was started by RoadPeace in 1993 and was adopted by the United Nations General Assembly in 2005.
History.
In 1993, the first day of remembrance which was organised by RoadPeace. In 1995 the General Assembly of European Federation of Road Traffic Victims added its support and by 1998 the event was being held in a number of countries including Argentina, Australia, Israel, South Africa, and Trinidad in addition to the United Kingdom. The World Health Organisation added its support in 2003 and in 2005 the United Nations General Assembly invited all nations to observe the day 'as the appropriate acknowledgment of victims of road traffic crashes and their families'.
In 2007 events were held in 18 countries; it was marked by candlelight parades in Israel, a multi-faith gathering in Australia, theatre performances in Mexico, and a seminar in Japan.
In 2008 events were held 28 countries including Belgium, Croatia, France, Greece, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxemburg, Mexico, The Netherlands, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Switzerland, Uganda, UK and USA.
In 2009 events were held in 30 countries. Canada's Transport Minister John Baird offered condolences to those affected by the estimated 3,000 fatalities and 200,000 injuries from road crashes that occur every year in Canada. In England a service was held in Canterbury Cathedral and in Ripon Cathedral Some 1,000 people attended a service in Knock Shrine in Ireland Pope Benedict XVI prayed for "all who have been killed or injured in road accidents". Services were also held in Barbados India, Namibia and many other places.
See also.
Road safety

</doc>
<doc id="18360532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360532" title="Shooter's Hill (disambiguation)">
Shooter's Hill (disambiguation)

Shooter's Hill or Shooters Hill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18360536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360536" title="School of Medical Science and Technology">
School of Medical Science and Technology

The School of Medical Science and Technology (SMST) () is an educational and research institute affiliated to the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, India. Founded in 2001 the School of Medical Science and Technology brings together doctors, scientists and engineers to work collaboratively on projects for better healthcare.
The school offers the following courses: Master of Medical Science & Technology (MMST) and PhD. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has described SMST as an innovative model which integrates the two diverse disciplines of engineering and medicine and signal new directions in medical education and healthcare delivery.
Location.
The school is inside the Vikramshila complex in new academic campus of IIT Kharagpur. The institute is about 5 km from the Kharagpur railway station.
History.
The School of Medical Science and Technology (SMST), IIT Kharagpur, was started in 2001 to provide a platform of interdisciplinary teaching and research in the field of medical science and technology. The school began with a 3-year program to train doctors in the engineering aspects of medicine followed by a year of hands-on training. This was followed by a PhD program for research in medical technology.
While addressing the 57th Annual Convocation and Launching of Diamond Jubilee of IIT, Kharagpur in August 2011 Prime Minister Singh said that
Academics.
The courses offered by the institute are:
Masters in Medical Science and Technology (MMST).
The school runs a Masters degree in Medical Science and Technology, a three-year postgraduate course specially designed for M.B.B.S. graduates to train them in art and science of medical research. The aim is to provide a platform for interdisciplinary teaching and research in the field of medical science and technology, which can lead to a better integrated healthcare delivery system. Students spend first two years in doing various course works, which comprises courses ranging from basic engineering subjects like Computer programming, Biophysics, Mathematics, Mechanics and Biomaterials in the 1st semester to advanced courses in fields like Signal processing, Image analysis and processing (related to medical imaging modalities), Genetics, Tissue engineering, Drug discovery, Pattern recognition and Machine learning (related to Artificial Intelligence in medicine, bioinformatics etc.). The last year of course is reserved for internal or external training either in India or abroad on actual research projects.
The students of MMST serve as Medical Officers rendering OPD and Emergency services at BC Roy Technology Hospital, a hospital with Intensive Care Unit and housing research labs for Medical Imaging, Instrumentation and Telemedicine, which provides the clinical acumen to the students for interdisciplinary research.
The students are exposed to all kinds of imaging modalities — microscopic and macroscopic — and will work on advanced image processing systems.
This programme imparts engineering skills to medical professionals and train them for the state-of-the-art medical research in frontier areas of Medical Imaging, Molecular Imaging and Image Analysis, Biomaterials and Implants, Biophysics, Medical Statistics, Telemedicine, Biomedical Instrumentation, Early Detection of Cancer, Immuno-technology, Recombinant DNA Technology, Biomedical Simulation, Wound research and so on.
PhD in Medical Science and Technology.
The institute offers PhD in several areas related to medical technology.
M.Tech in Medical Imaging and Image Analysis.
The school offers a Masters degree in Medical Imaging and Image Analysis, a two-year postgraduate course specially designed for B.Tech/B.E (Electrical, Electronics, Instrumentation). The aim of the course is to provide knowledge to design CAD (computer aided diagnostics) system. During their first year students under go course work: to name a few PIMI (Physics and Instrumentation in Medical Imaging instruments like ultra-sound, C.T, MRI, etc.), Image processing, Biostatistics, MEMS, Pattern Recognition and Machine intelligence, computer vision and advanced image processing.
Second-year students have options to do projects such as DAAD IIT Master Sandwich, internship in MNC, be a part selective ongoing projects, etc.
This programme helps students to apply their technical skills to assist repetitive work, reduce time requirement and improve the efficiency in the line of diagnosis under multiple imaging modules.
Admissions.
Masters in Medical Science and Technology (MMST).
The eligibility criterion for admission to MMST course is the MBBS degree from a medical college recognised by Medical Council of India(MCI) with a minimum of 55% marks in aggregate and having studied mathematics at +2 level (even as additional subject) or from any recognised Open University. Seats are reserved for backward class candidates and persons with disability as per Govt. of India rules. Few seats are also reserved for Armed forces personnel.
The final selection is strictly based on an objective type of entrance test conducted by the Gate,IIT. The test includes objective questions from medical domain as well as from +2 level Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics. The entrance test is conducted annually, in the month of April at Bangalore, Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai and New Delhi IIT campuses. Candidates qualifying in the admission test are called for counselling at IIT Kharagpur before final selection.
M.Tech in Medical Imaging and Image analysis.
Through GATE (EE, EC, IN) and standard GATE rules apply.
Laboratories and facilities.
The students at SMST have access to some of the finest infrastructure available in the country for interdisciplinary research and development activities, some of which are:
Apart from these facilitates students have access to research labs of other departments and shared facilities at Central Research Facility (CRF) centre of IIT Kharagpur.
Collaborations and associated laboratories.
The School of Medical Science and Technology is an interdisciplinary research department. Hence it works in close association with other departments at IIT, Kharagpur such as the Department of BioTechnology, and the Departments of Material Sciences, Physics and Meteorology, Mathematics and Statistics, Electronics and Communication and Mechanical Engineering. SMST is also in close association with the Department of Science and Technology (DST), Department of BioTechnology (DBT) and Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) for research activities.
The school has collaborations with many institutions and centres of excellence throughout our globe. Some of these international collaborations are: 
Corporate collaborations include Texas Instruments (USA), Siemens (India) and Phillips Electronics India Ltd.
Products and patents.
The research team in the SMST is working on development of a low cost total artificial heart (TAH) since last 4 years. The initial experiments on goats have shown promising results. The research team is waiting for the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) approval for human trials, which will be conducted at the Medical College and Hospital, Kolkata. This artificial heart will have significant cost advantages over the USA-made artificial hearts.
A notable example of a successful research project in collaboration with other universities is the Reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance (RISUG) — a novel reversible male contraceptive developed at SMST.
Future plans.
The Institute is planning to set up a 400-bedded state-of-the-art medical hospital and research centre at the campus with a vision of becoming a centre of excellence for interdisciplinary research in medical domain. A foundation stone for this medical research centre was laid in 2007 by then President A.P.J. Abdul Kalam. The institute signed a $50-million MoU with University of California, San Diego, in 2009 for this purpose. This project got delayed because provisions of IIT act, 1961 which prohibits IITs from entering into fields like medicine and tussle between different government ministries. The institute was in constant touch with the Ministry of Human Resource Development and Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to amend the IIT Act to give IITs autonomy to offer medical courses as well. Finally, the Parliament passed the Institute of Technology (Amendment) Bill, 2010, in April 2012. IIT is also in discussion with the Medical Council of India for this project. In June 2012, IIT received fund of Rs 230 crore through a central grant for establishing the medical college. A 45-acre plot has been earmarked by IIT Kharagpur for what promises to be a modern green building with minimal energy consumption and advance facilities.
Once this medical hospital and teaching institute starts functioning, the institute will offer MCI approved courses for MBBS, MD, MS and DM. The institute, in association with the University of California and Johns Hopkins University, will develop a teaching module which will comprise elements of modelling, simulation and virtual reality in-addition to conventional medical wisdom to produce a new breed of tech-savvy doctors. In the first phase, the main focus will be on postgraduate courses. The number of beds would later be increased to 750.
See also.
Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur

</doc>
<doc id="18360542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360542" title="Peter LeBlanc (politician)">
Peter LeBlanc (politician)

Peter David LeBlanc (born December 24, 1938) is a chartered accountant and former political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. He represented Kennebecasis in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1995 to 1999 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Montreal, Quebec, the son of Paul LeBlanc and Beatrice Mary MacDonald. In 1973, he married Carolyn Crowther. LeBlanc served as Minister of Supply and Services from 1997 to 1998. He had been a member of the town council for Rothesay, New Brunswick. LeBlanc was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1999

</doc>
<doc id="18360576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360576" title="Pierre Emmanuel">
Pierre Emmanuel

Noël Mathieu (3 May 1916, Gan, Pyrénées-Atlantiques – 24 September 1984, Paris) better known under his pseudonym Pierre Emmanuel, was a French poet of Christian inspiration. He was the third member elected to occupy seat 4 of the Académie française in 1968, president of PEN International between 1969 and 1971, president of French PEN Club between 1973 and 1976, and the first president of the French Institut national de l'audiovisuel in 1975.
Works.
Each year links to its corresponding "in poetry" article (for poetry) or "[year in literature" article (for prose):

</doc>
<doc id="18360606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360606" title="K-topology">
K-topology

In mathematics, particularly topology, the K-topology is a topology that one can impose on the set of all real numbers which has some interesting properties. Relative to the set of all real numbers carrying the standard topology, the set "K" = {"1/n" | "n is a natural number"} is not closed since it doesn’t contain its (only) limit point 0. Relative to the K-topology however, the set K is automatically decreed to be closed by adding ‘more’ basis elements to the standard topology on R. Basically, the K-topology on R is strictly finer than the standard topology on R. It is mostly useful for counterexamples in basic topology.
Formal definition.
Let R be the set of all real numbers and let "K" = {"1/n" | "n is a natural number"}. Generate a topology on R by taking as basis all open intervals ("a", "b") and all sets of the form ("a", "b") – "K" (the set of all elements in ("a", "b") that are not in "K"). The topology generated is known as the K-topology on R.
Note that: The sets described in the definition do form a basis (they satisfy the conditions to be a basis).
Properties and examples.
Throughout this section, "T" will denote the K-topology and ("R", "T") will denote the set of all real numbers with the K-topology as a topological space.
1. The topology "T" on R is strictly finer than the standard topology on R but not comparable with the lower limit topology on R
2. From the previous example, it follows that ("R", "T") is not compact
3. ("R", "T") is Hausdorff but not regular. The fact that it is Hausdorff follows from the first property. It is not regular since the closed set K and the point {0} have no disjoint neighbourhoods about them
4. Surprisingly enough, ("R", "T") is a connected topological space. However, ("R", "T") is not path connected; it has precisely two path components: (−∞, 0] and (0, +∞)
5. Note also that ("R", "T") is not locally path connected (since its path components are not equal to its components). It is also not locally connected at {0} but it is locally connected everywhere else
6. The closed interval is not compact as a subspace of ("R", "T") since it is not even limit point compact ("K" is an infinite subspace of [0,1 that has no limit point in [0,1])
7. In fact, no subspace of "(R, T)" containing "K" can be compact. If "A" were a subspace of "(R, T)" containing "K", "K" would have no limit point in "A" so that "A" can not be limit point compact. Therefore, "A" cannot be compact
8. The quotient space of ("R", "T") obtained by collapsing "K" to a point is not Hausdorff.

</doc>
<doc id="18360608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360608" title="BESSY">
BESSY

The Berliner Elektronenspeicherring-Gesellschaft für Synchrotronstrahlung m. b. H. ("English": Berlin Electron Storage Ring Society for Synchrotron Radiation), abbreviated "BESSY", is a research establishment in the Adlershof district of Berlin. Founded on 5 March 1979, it currently operates one of Germany's 3rd generation synchrotron radiation facilities, BESSY II. Originally part of the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Scientific Community, BESSY now belongs to the Helmholtz-Zentrum Berlin (since 1 January 2009).
Owing to the radiometry lab of the PTB BESSY is the European calibration standard for electromagnetic radiation.
BESSY supplies synchrotron light and provides support for science and industry. There are institutional long-time users, like the Max-Planck-Society, the German Federal Institute for Materials Research and Testing (BAM) and the national metrology institute of Germany (the PTB). Furthermore, research groups from other institutes or universities can apply for utilization (so called "beam time") for certain projects.
BESSY I.
This original synchrotron facility, costing the equivalent of 66.5 million Euro, became operational on 19 December 1981. It was situated in Wilmersdorf, then a borough of Berlin. The storage ring had a circumference of approx. 60 m. The circulating electrons that provided the radiation were in the energy range of 200 to 800 MeV (Vacuum Ultraviolet through Extreme Ultraviolet).
After its decommissioning in 1999, the component parts of the BESSY I machine were donated to the SESAME project by the German Authorities and have consequently been shipped to Jordan.
Famous achievements of BESSY I were the calibration of the spectrometers for the solar oberservatory probe SOHO as well as for the detectors for the Chandra X-ray Observatory
BESSY II.
Groundbreaking for the new improved BESSY II synchrotron source in Adlershof took place on 4 July 1994, and the facility was inaugurated on 4 September 1998. The project cost was an equivalent of approximately 100 million Euros. The successor of BESSY I has a circumference of 240 m, providing 46 beam lines, and offers a multi-faceted mixture of experimental opportunities (undulator, wiggler and dipole sources) with excellent energy resolution. The combination of brightness and time resolution enables both femtosecond time and picometer spatial resolutions.
Electrons can be accelerated to an energy of up to 1.7 GeV (X-ray regime), and are subsequently injected into the storage ring. Synchrotron radiation emerges from the dipole magnets that bend the beam on a circular path, as well as from undulators and wigglers. The total power input during regular operation is 2.7 MW.
BESSY II can be run in different modes, according to the time-distance between the electron wave packets that circulate in the storage ring:
Experiments at BESSY II are in the fields of X-ray absorption spectroscopy, Photoemission spectroscopy, Photoemission electron microscopy, X-ray microscopy, femtosecond slicing, X-ray lithography, and protein structure analysis.
BESSY maintains a close co-operation with other synchrotron sources in the world, most notably with DESY in Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18360620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360620" title="GRINL1B">
GRINL1B

Glutamate receptor, ionotropic, N-methyl D-aspartate-like 1B, also known as GRINL1B, is a human gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a subunit of the NMDA receptor.

</doc>
<doc id="18360639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360639" title="National sport">
National sport

A national sport or national pastime is a sport or game that is considered to be an intrinsic part of the culture of a nation. Some sports are "de facto" national sports, as baseball is in the United States, while others are "de jure" national sports, as lacrosse and ice hockey are in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18360643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360643" title="Palais de la Culture Amadou Hampaté Ba">
Palais de la Culture Amadou Hampaté Ba

The Palais de la culture Amadou Hampaté Ba is the national performing arts centre for the West African nation of Mali, located in the capitol Bamako. Founded in 1976, the PCAHB is a public establishment, supported by the state for the preservation of traditional means of artistic expression. It is directed by the "Direction Nationale des Arts et de la Culture" of Mali, an arm of the Ministry of Culture, and is home to a number of Malian national institutions, including the Mali Centre of the International Theatre Institute, the National Theatre, the National Orchestra, the National Ballet Company, and the National Institute of the Arts. The current Palace of Culture was constructed in 1996. It is named for the famed Malian novelist and national hero Amadou Hampaté Ba. Its current director is Madame Haïdara Aminata Sy, named March 2008.
Building.
The Palais de la Culture resides in Bamako, Mali on right bank of the Niger River. It is in the neighborhood of Badalabougou SEMA, close to the Pont des Martyrs and spans three hectares, one of which is occupied by the building itself. It is accessible by the south by a paved road which links Bamako's two bridges: Pont des Martyrs and Pont du Roi FAHD. It is bordered to the north by the River Niger, to the south by a paved road which separates it from the neighborhood Badalabougou I, to the east by the Avenue de l’OUA, and to the west by open land.
Artistic Groups.
The artistic groups at the Palais occupy 2/3 of the Palais de la Culture's personnel. There are four such groups.
Events.
As well as artistic events, the PCAHB also plays host to national and international gatherings. The PCAHB was one of the locations for the 2006 World Social Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="18360715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360715" title="Da Vinci Research Park">
Da Vinci Research Park

The Da Vinci Research Park is a science park located on a former airfield in Evere nearby Brussels Airport in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium and it is being managed by the Brussels Regional Investment Company. The research park provides a business incubator for spin-offs of universities and space for companies active in research and development.

</doc>
<doc id="18360734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360734" title="Sotdae">
Sotdae

A sotdae () is a tall wooden pole or stone pillar with a carved bird on its top, built for the purpose of folk belief in Korea. Like "jangseung", wooden totem poles with a sculptured human face, it was usually erected near the entrance of a village to ward off evil spirits as well as to represent villagers' wishes for prosperity and well-being. Later, it was also built as a celebratory or commemorative symbol. For instance, when a son of a family passed a civil service examination called "gwageo", a "sotdae" was set up in the yard. In that case, it was colored in orange and topped with a blue dragon.
Features.
"Sotdae" were generally set up alone, but sometimes, along with "jangseung" (Korean totem poles), "dolta"p (돌탑, a pagoda built with stone) or "sinmok" (신목, sacred trees). It was worshiped as a village guardian. The birds may look like wild geese, crows or ibises in some areas, but ducks are the most common. "Sotdae" have different names according to regions; "soju" (소주), "sojutdae" (소줏대) in Jeolla Province, "soldae" (솔대) in Gangwon Province and Hamhung district, "byeolsindae" (별신대) in coastal areas of Gyeongsang Province,and "sotdaek" (솟댁) in Hwanghae and Pyeongan Province. "Pyojutdae" (표줏대), "georitdae" (거릿대), "susalmok" (수살목) and "seonangdae" (선앙대) are other names. 
Nothing precise is known about the sotdae's origin. However, "sotdae" was believed to be sanctified as a village guardian from when people started agriculture and the unit of society formed based on agricultural villages. Later, as a concept of feng shui prevailed and values of success and honour became important, its meaning seemed to be differentiated from an object of worship to a totem for abundant harvest. Ducks, as migratory birds, had various religious symbols and made the meanings of "sotdae" more diverse.
Origins of worshipping "sotdae".
The worship of "sotdae"-like objects was commonly found in North Asia. Figures or patterns on Bronze Age relics of the that included a pole with a bird on it were discovered around these areas. As people began to develop techniques for metalworking and increased their agriculture production, power differences among tribes emerged. Dominating class sought a political and religious foundation needed to maintain their powers from gods in the heaven. So it was assumed that appearance of sotdae stemmed from the integration between ""Cosmic Tree"" and ""Sky-Birds"".
A similar sacred pole is found among the Omaha tribe of the central United States.
Components of sotdae and their meanings.
Poles and posts.
Poles and posts have religious and symbolic meanings around the world. Poles of sotdae are related to 'the world-axis'. There are three cosmic levels in the concept of the universe in Northern Asian shamanism ― upper, middle, and lower level. They are connected to each other by the world-axis. A tree has roots extending into the earth and also grows toward the sky, which could be a symbol for the world-axis. So the wooden poles or posts were possibly considered to be a pathway for spiritual beings to come down to earth and they became a sacred object to worship by themselves. A similar record was found in a book titled "Dongguksesigi" (동국세시기, 東國歲時記), which said that 12 wooden poles were set up to welcome a god on February 2 in Jeju island. Also "Dangun" 's father, "Hwanung", descended from the heaven to the top of a tree, "Sindansu" (신단수, 神壇樹) in Korea's founding myth. People selected a tree which was beyond the reach of humans and they conducted ceremonial rites before they cut down the tree. On top of that, the poles and posts were believed to offer protection a village against calamities and disasters and also acted like a mast in a U-shaped land area balancing and making the land stable.
Birds.
Sotdae birds may be wild geese, gulls, ibises, Korean magpies or crows, but most commonly they are ducks. Ducks give an important symbolic meaning to sotdae. They are able to travel on water as well as on land and in the air and also can go under water. Because of the relation to water, ducks were regarded to have an ability to control rain and thunder, to survive in the floods and to protect a village from fire. This belief made people think of ducks as a guardian in ancient agricultural societies. Relating to this, a famous scholar, Lee Gyubo (이규보, 李奎報 1168–1241) wrote a following phrase in his garland called "Dongguk I sangguk jip" (동국이상국집, 東國李相國集: Collected works of Minister Yi of Korea): "Because of the rain for 7 days in a row, the capital of Songyang was submerged. The king, Jumong, was riding a duck horse stretching a reed rope across the river and his people were all holding that rope." This suggests that people considered a duck as a rescuer from flood.
Another characteristic of ducks is that they are migratory birds coming to Korea in autumn. Migratory birds appear and disappear on a regular basis and it was believed that ducks travel to the world beyond the Earth and act as a messenger between the physical world and the realm of the spirits. In agriculture, this periodicity might be associated with the cycle of monsoon which brings rain. Also, the fact that ducks are fertile species and lay bigger eggs than chickens do would be a good reason for ducks to be an idolized object representing abundance.
"Meaning of the number of birds and their direction".
The shape of birds on sotdae was carved as minutely as possible but it was sometimes simplified to just Y or ㄱ shape. The number of birds seated on sotdae was different from village to village, from one to three. Commonly one bird was seated on a pole, but sometimes two or three birds on a Y-shape branch were found on a pole ― either facing each other or facing the same direction. Nothing is exactly known concerning the number of birds but it is assumed that the number of birds on a pole was decided according to the number of places which 'qi' should be complemented. The direction of the bird's heads varies. People made sotdae erected toward south to wish moderate weather for farming or let it direct north to bring rain. Sometimes sotdae turned toward the outside of the village to make sure that ducks take all the evil spirits and fly away.

</doc>
<doc id="18360749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360749" title="Kallamb">
Kallamb

Kallamb (Kalamb Tahsil) is one of eight tehsils in the Osmanabad district in the state of Maharashtra, India. Headquarters for the tehsil is the town of Kalamb. Kallamb is known for its market that is one of the biggest agriculture markets in Osmanabad.
Geography.
Kalamb Tahsil is located in the Balaghat mountain range on the Deccan Plateau. Its two primary rivers are the Manjira in the north and the Tirna River (Terna River) in the south, both of which flow eastwards and are tributaries of the Godavari River.
Kalamb Tahsil borders Beed District to the north across the Manjira River; to the east is Latur District; to the south is Osmanabad Tahsil, to the southwest is Solapur District; and Washi Tahsil is to the west.
Demographics.
In the 2001 India census, Kalamb Tahsil had a population of 188,237 with 97,529 males (51.8%) and 90,708 females (48.2%), for a gender ratio of 930 females per thousand males.
In the 2011 Indian census, Kalamb Tahsil was recorded with 219,711 inhabitants.
Villages.
There are ninety-one panchayat villages in Kalamb Tahsil. These include:
Village Name
Awad Shirpura
Hasegaon Kej
Wakdikej
Kanherwadi
Massa (kh)
Andora
Borda
Shelka Dhanora
Kherda
Kothala
Borgaon Kh.
Shiradhon
Pimpalgaon Dola
Saundana Amba
Wakdi Istal
Lasra
Ranjani
Ghargaon
Tadgaon
Jaiphal
Raigavhan
Borgaon
Dabha
Satra
Umara
Ratnapur
Bahula
Adhala
Adsulwadi
Bhogaji
Gambhirwadi
Itkur
Kothalwadi
Tandulwadi
Athardi
Diksal
Khondala
Bhatsangvi
Hawargaon
Khadki
Lohata(west)
Lohata (east)
Hingangaon
Karanjkalla
Bhatshirapura
Naigaon
Pathardi
Partapur
Wagholi
Gaur
Bhosa
Shelgaon Divani
Wanewadi
Satephal
Haladgaon
Saundana (Dhoki)
Yerandgaon
Pimpari (sh)
Wadgaon(jagir)
Nagzarwadi
Pangaon
Sanjitpur
Sapnai
Uplai
Baratewadi
Chorakhali
Malkapur
Yermala
Dudhalwadi
Shelgaon(jagir)
Wathawada
Padoli
Nipani
Hasegaon(shirdhon)
Ekurka
Borwanti
Jawala Khurd
Deodhanora
Nagulgaon
Borgaon Bk.
Shingoli
Wadgaon(shirdhon)
Baramachiwadi
Dhorala
Babhalgaon
Dahiphal
Moha
Mangrul
Govindpur
Deolali
Malkaranja
Khamaswadi
Bangarwadi
Gaurgaon

</doc>
<doc id="18360753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360753" title="Lloro Por Ti">
Lloro Por Ti

"Lloro Por Ti" () is the second single released by Enrique Iglesias from his compilation album "". The song was released as an official single in July 2008.
Enrique Iglesias performed "Lloro Por Ti" on July 17, 2008 on the Premios Juventud along with Aventura.
As of 2010, "Lloro Por Ti" has sold around 700,000 digital downloads worldwide, making it one of Iglesias' best selling Spanish songs.
Music video.
The music video premiered on June 30, 2008 on Ritmoson Latino and can be seen on YouTube.
Remix version.
The official remix of "Lloro Por Ti" features Wisin & Yandel. The video of the remix was shot in Los Angeles, and premiered on MTV Tr3́s.
Chart performances.
After being in the top 10 on the Hot Latin Tracks chart for nearly two months, "Lloro Por Ti" hit number one on November 8. It further remained on the top for 2 weeks; "Lloro Por Ti" is Iglesias' twentieth number-one hits on the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18360760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360760" title="Mercator Research Park">
Mercator Research Park

The Mercator Research Park is a science park located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium and it is being managed by the Brussels Regional Investment Company. The research park provides a business incubator for spin-offs of universities and space for companies active in research and development.

</doc>
<doc id="18360762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360762" title="Rysum">
Rysum

Rysum is a village located 15 kilometers west of Emden in the region of East Frisia, Germany. It is home to the Rysum organ, one of the earliest pipe organs in playable condition.

</doc>
<doc id="18360765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360765" title="Berlin Crisis of 1961">
Berlin Crisis of 1961

The Berlin Crisis of 1961 (4 June – 9 November 1961) was the last major politico-military European incident of the Cold War about the occupational status of the German capital city, Berlin, and of post–World War II Germany. The U.S.S.R. provoked the Berlin Crisis with an ultimatum demanding the withdrawal of Western armed forces from West Berlin—culminating with the city's "de facto" partition with the East German erection of the Berlin Wall.
The 22nd Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union—the last to be attended by the Communist Party of China—was held in Moscow during the crisis.
Background information.
Emigration through Berlin "loophole".
After the Soviet occupation of Eastern Europe at the end of World War II, some of those living in the newly acquired areas of the Eastern Bloc aspired to independence and wanted the Soviets to leave. Between 1945 and 1950, over 15 million people emigrated from Soviet-occupied eastern European countries to the West. Taking advantage of this route, the number of Eastern Europeans applying for political asylum in West Germany was 197,000 in 1950, 165,000 in 1951, 182,000 in 1952 and 331,000 in 1953. 
By the early 1950s, the Soviet approach to controlling national movement, restricting emigration, was emulated by most of the rest of the Eastern Bloc, including East Germany. Up until 1953, the lines between East Germany and the western occupied zones could be easily crossed in most places. Consequently, the Inner German border between the two German states was closed, and a barbed-wire fence erected. In 1955, the Soviets passed a law transferring control over civilian access in Berlin to East Germany, which officially abdicated them for direct responsibility of matters therein, while passing control to a government not recognized in the US-allied West. When large numbers of East Germans then defected under the guise of "visits", the new East German state essentially eliminated all travel between the west and east in 1956.
With the closing of the Inner German border officially in 1952, the border in Berlin remained considerably more accessible than the rest of the border because it was administered by all four occupying powers. Accordingly, Berlin became the main route by which East Germans left for the West. The Berlin sector border was essentially a "loophole" through which East Bloc citizens could still escape. The 3.5 million East Germans that had left by 1961 totaled approximately 20% of the entire East German population. The loss was disproportionately heavy among professionals—engineers, technicians, physicians, teachers, lawyers and skilled workers. The brain drain of professionals had become so damaging to the political credibility and economic viability of East Germany that closing this loophole and securing the Soviet-imposed East-West-Berlin frontier was imperative.
Berlin ultimatum.
In November 1958, Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev issued an ultimatum giving the Western powers six months to agree to withdraw from Berlin and make it a free, demilitarized city. At the end of that period, Khrushchev declared, the Soviet Union would turn over to East Germany complete control of all lines of communication with West Berlin; the western powers then would have access to West Berlin only by permission of the East German government. The United States, United Kingdom, and France replied to this ultimatum by firmly asserting their determination to remain in West Berlin and to maintain their legal right of free access to that city.
In May 1959 the Soviet Union withdrew its deadline and instead met with the Western powers in a Big Four foreign ministers' conference. Although the three-month-long sessions failed to reach any important agreements, they did open the door to further negotiations and led to Premier Khrushchev's visit to the United States in September 1959. At the end of this visit, Khrushchev and President Dwight Eisenhower stated jointly that the most important issue in the world was general disarmament and that the problem of Berlin and "all outstanding international questions should be settled, not by the application of force, but by peaceful means through negotiations."
Khrushchev and Eisenhower had a few days together at Camp David, the presidential retreat. There the leaders of the two superpowers talked frankly with each other. "There was nothing more inadvisable in this situation," said Eisenhower, "than to talk about ultimatums, since both sides knew very well what would happen if an ultimatum were to be implemented." Khrushchev responded that he did not understand how a peace treaty could be regarded by the American people as a "threat to peace." Eisenhower admitted that the situation in Berlin was "abnormal" and that "human affairs got very badly tangled at times." 
Khrushchev came away with the impression that a deal was possible over Berlin, and they agreed to continue the dialogue at a summit in Paris in May 1960. However, the Paris Summit that was to resolve the Berlin question was cancelled in the fallout from Gary Powers's failed U-2 spy flight on 1 May 1960.
Escalation and crisis.
Meeting with US President John F. Kennedy in the Vienna summit on June 4, 1961, Premier Khrushchev caused a new crisis when he reissued his threat to sign a separate peace treaty with East Germany, which he said would end existing four-power agreements guaranteeing American, British, and French access rights to West Berlin. However, this time he did so by issuing an ultimatum, with a deadline of December 31, 1961. The three powers replied that no unilateral treaty could abrogate their responsibilities and rights in West Berlin, including the right of unobstructed access to the city.
In the growing confrontation over the status of Berlin, US President John F. Kennedy undercut his own bargaining position during his Vienna Summit negotiations with Khrushchev in June 1961. Kennedy essentially conveyed US acquiescence to the permanent division of Berlin. This made his later, more assertive public statements less credible to the Soviets. 
As the confrontation over Berlin escalated, Kennedy, in a speech delivered on nationwide television the night of 25 July, reiterated that the United States was not looking for a fight and that he recognized the "Soviet Union's historical concerns about their security in central and eastern Europe." He said he was willing to renew talks. But he announced that he would ask Congress for an additional $3.25 billion for military spending, mostly on conventional weapons. He wanted six new divisions for the Army and two for the Marines, and he announced plans to triple the draft and to call up the reserves. Kennedy proclaimed, "We seek peace, but we shall not surrender."
The same day Kennedy requested an increase in the Army's total authorized strength from 875,000 to approximately 1 million men, along with increase of 29,000 and 63,000 men in the active duty strength of the Navy and the Air Force. Additionally, he ordered that draft calls be doubled, and asked the Congress for authority to order to active duty certain ready reserve units and individual reservists. He also requested new funds to identify and mark space in existing structures that could be used for fall-out shelters in case of attack, to stock those shelters with food, water, first-aid kits and other minimum essentials for survival, and to improve air-raid warning and fallout detection systems.
Vacationing in the Black Sea resort of Sochi, Khrushchev was reported to be angered by Kennedy's speech. John Jay McCloy, Kennedy's disarmament adviser, who happened to be in the Soviet Union, was invited to join Khrushchev. It is reported that Khrushchev explained to McCloy that Kennedy's military build-up threatened war.
Erection of the Berlin Wall.
During the early months of 1961, the government actively sought a means of halting the emigration of its population to the West. By the early summer of 1961, East German President Walter Ulbricht apparently had persuaded the Soviets that an immediate solution was necessary and that the only way to stop the exodus was to use force. This presented a delicate problem for the Soviet Union because the four-power status of Berlin specified free travel between zones and specifically forbade the presence of German troops in Berlin.
During the spring and early summer, the East German government procured and stockpiled building materials for the erection of the Berlin Wall. Although this extensive activity was widely known, few outside the small circle of Soviet and East German planners believed that East Germany would be sealed off.
This material included enough barbed wire to enclose the 96 mile circumference of West Berlin. The regime managed to avoid suspicion by spreading out the purchases of barbed wire among several East German companies, which in turn spread their orders out among a range of firms in West Germany and the United Kingdom.
On June 15, 1961, two months before the construction of the Berlin Wall started, First Secretary of the Socialist Unity Party and Staatsrat chairman Walter Ulbricht stated in an international press conference, ""Niemand hat die Absicht, eine Mauer zu errichten!"" ("No one has the intention to erect a wall"). It was the first time the term "Mauer" (wall) had been used in this context.
On 4–7 August 1961, the foreign ministers of four Western countries (the United States, United Kingdom, France and West Germany) held secret consultations in Paris. The only question on the agenda was how to react to the Soviet provocations in Berlin. In the course of these meetings Western representatives expressed an understanding of the defensive nature of Soviet campaign in Germany, and unwillingness to risk a war.
In less than three weeks the KGB laid on Khrushchev's desk quite accurate descriptions of the Paris talks, well ahead of its rival, the GRU. The intelligence materials correctly noted that, in contrast to the West Germans, U.S. Secretary of State Dean Rusk supported talks with the Soviet Union aimed at preservation of the status quo ante. However, the KGB and GRU warned that pressure in the alliance was forcing the Americans to consider economic sanctions against East Germany and other socialist countries, as well as to accelerate plans for conventional and nuclear armament of their West European allies, including the West German Bundeswehr.[http://www.videofact.com/english/cia_kgb.html]
The West had advance intelligence about the construction of the Wall. On 6 August, a HUMINT source, a functionary in the East-German Communist Party ( SED), provided the 513th Military Intelligence Group (Berlin) with the correct date of the start of construction. At the 9 August weekly meeting of the Berlin Watch Committee, the Chief of the U.S. Military Liaison Mission to the Commander Group of Soviet Forces Germany predicted the construction of a wall. A 9 August 1961 intercept of SED communications informed the West that there were plans to begin blocking all foot traffic between East and West Berlin. The interagency intelligence Watch Committee assessment said that this intercept "might be the first step in a plan to close the border," which turned out to be correct. The Western mishandling of this intelligence is depicted in the novel "The Day Before the Berlin Wall: Could We Have Stopped It? An Alternate History of Cold War Espionage" by T.H.E. Hill.
On Saturday August 12, 1961, the leaders of East Germany attended a garden party at a government guesthouse in Döllnsee, in a wooded area to the north of East Berlin, and Walter Ulbricht signed the order to close the border and erect a Wall.
At midnight the army, police, and units of the East German army began to close the border and by morning on Sunday August 13, 1961 the border to West Berlin had been shut. East German troops and workers had begun to tear up streets running alongside the barrier to make them impassable to most vehicles, and to install barbed wire entanglements and fences along the around the three western sectors and the which actually divided West and East Berlin. Approximately 32,000 combat and engineer troops were used in building the Wall. Once their efforts were completed, the Border Police assumed the functions of manning and improving the barrier. The Soviet Army was present to discourage interference by the West and presumably to assist in the event of large-scale riots.
On 30 August 1961, President John F. Kennedy had ordered 148,000 Guardsmen and Reservists to active duty in response to Soviet moves to cut off allied access to Berlin. The Air National Guard's share of that mobilization was 21,067 individuals. ANG units mobilized in October included 18 tactical fighter squadrons, 4 tactical reconnaissance squadrons, 6 air transport squadrons, and a tactical control group. On 1 November, the Air Force mobilized three more ANG fighter interceptor squadrons. In late October and early November, eight of the tactical fighter units flew to Europe with their 216 aircraft in operation "Stair Step", the largest jet deployment in the Air Guard's history. Because of their short range, 60 Air Guard F-104 interceptors were airlifted to Europe in late November. The United States Air Forces in Europe (USAFE) lacked spare parts needed for the ANG's aging F-84s and F-86s. Some units had been trained to deliver tactical nuclear weapons, not conventional bombs and bullets. They had to be retrained for conventional missions once they arrived on the continent. The majority of mobilized Air Guardsmen remained in the U.S. [http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/ops/berlin.htm]
KGB subversion and disinformation plan.
On 29 July 1961, KGB chief Alexander Shelepin sent a memorandum to Khrushchev containing an array of proposals to create a situation in various areas of the world which would favor dispersion of attention and forces by the USA and their satellites, and would tie them down during the settlement of the question of a German peace treaty and West Berlin. The multifaceted deception campaign, Shelepin claimed, would show to the ruling circles of Western powers that unleashing a military conflict over West Berlin can lead to the loss of their position not only in Europe, but also in a number of countries of Latin America, Asia and Africa.
Khrushchev sent the memo with his approval to his deputy Frol Kozlov and on August 1 it was, with minor revisions, passed as a CPSU Central Committee directive. The KGB and the Ministry of Defense were instructed to work out more specific measures and present them for consideration by the Central Committee.
The first part of the deception plan must have pleased Khrushchev, who in January 1961 had pledged, before the communists of the whole world, to assist movements of national liberation. Shelepin advocated measures to activate by the means available to the KGB armed uprisings against pro-Western governments.
The destabilizing activities started in Nicaragua where the KGB plotted an armed mutiny through an internal revolutionary front of resistance; in coordination with Fidel Castro's Cubans and with the Revolutionary Front Sandino. Shelepin proposed to make appropriations from KGB funds in addition to the previous assistance $10,000 for purchase of arms. Shelepin planned also the instigation of an armed uprising in El Salvador, and a rebellion in Guatemala, where guerrilla forces would be given $15,000 to buy weapons.
The campaign extended to Africa, to the colonial and semi-colonial possessions of the British and the Portuguese. The KGB promised to help organize anti-colonial mass uprisings of the African population in British Kenya, the British Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland and Portuguese Guinea, by arming rebels and training military cadres.
Shelepin suggested to bring to attention of the USA through KGB information channels information about agreements between the USSR, the People's Republic of China, North Korea and North Vietnam about joint military actions to reunify South Korea, South Vietnam, and Taiwan in case of the eruption of armed conflict in Germany. The Soviet General Staff, proposed Shelepin, together with the KGB, should work out the relevant disinformation materials; and reach agreement with Chinese, Korean, and Vietnamese friends about the demonstration of military preparations in those areas.
Shelepin also planned to cause uncertainty in government circles of the United States, the United Kingdom, Turkey, and Iran about the stability of their positions in the Middle and Near East. He offered to use old KGB connections with the chairman of Kurdistan Democratic Party, Mustafa Barzani, to activate the movement of the Kurdish population of Iraq, Iran, and Turkey for creation of an independent Kurdistan that would include the provinces of aforementioned countries. Barzani was to be provided with necessary aid in arms and money. Given propitious developments, noted Shelepin, it would become advisable to express the solidarity of Soviet people with this movement of the Kurds. The movement for the creation of Kurdistan, he predicted, will evoke serious concern among Western powers and first of all in the UK regarding their access to oil in Iraq and Iran, and in the United States regarding its military bases in Turkey. All that will also create difficulties for Iraqi Prime Minister Gen. Abdul Karim Kassim who had begun to conduct a pro-Western policy.
The second component of Shelepin's grand plan was directed against NATO installations in Western Europe and aimed to create doubts in the ruling circles of Western powers regarding the effectiveness of military bases located on the territory of the Western Germany and other NATO countries, as well as in the reliability of their personnel. To provoke the local population against foreign bases, Shelepin contemplated working with the East German and Czechoslovakian secret services to carry out "active measures" to demoralize servicemen in Western Europe (by agents, leaflets, and brochures), and even by terrorist attacks on depot and logistics stations in West Germany and France.
One of the more imaginative strands in the web of Soviet strategic deception concerned the number and even existence of new types of arms and missiles. Along with the General Staff, the KGB long practiced a dubious combination of super-secrecy and bluffing, thereby producing a series of panicky assessments in the West about a bomber gap and then a missile gap. This time Shelepin asked Khrushchev to assign to his organization and the military the task of making the West believe that the Soviets were absolutely prepared to launch an attack in retaliation for Western armed provocations over West Berlin. The disinformation package included the following tasks: 
On November 10, Soviet Defense Minister Rodion Malinovsky and KGB Deputy Chief Peter Ivashutin asked the CPSU Central Committee Secretariat to approve, in addition to the crisis contingency planning by the military forces, deceptive steps directed at producing in the adversary's mind "a profound conviction that the Soviet Union firmly intends to use force in response to military provocations of Western powers and has at its disposal all necessary combat means". The KGB took upon itself the task to inform Western intelligence through unofficial channels that the Soviet Union has taken necessary measures to strengthen its troops in Eastern Germany and to arm them with more modern tactical missiles, newer tanks, and other armaments sufficient for the delivery of a quick and crushing response strike on the adversary. Through the same channels KGB intended to increase the adversary's belief in the high maneuverability and mobility of Soviet armed forces and their readiness, in case the West unleashes an armed conflict in Germany, to move within a minimal time up to the battle lines of the European theater and to convey as a proof thereof that this summer, during the exercises in the Near-Carpathian and other military districts, some divisions demonstrated an average speed of advancement of about 110–130 km per day.
Along the lines of Shelepin's proposal, the KGB's military-industrial consultants suggested other disinformation steps. Perhaps echoing Khrushchev's boast that his missiles could hit a fly in the sky KGB proposed to convey to U.S. intelligence the information that during its recent series of atomic tests—in September–October 1961—the Soviet Union successfully tested a super-powerful thermonuclear warhead, along with a system of detecting and eliminating the adversary's missiles in the air.
The KGB laboratories fabricated evidence for U.S. intelligence about the solution in the Soviet Union of the problem of constructing simple but powerful and user-convenient atomic engines for submarines which allow in the short run increasing considerably the number of atomic submarines up to fifteen.
Finally, the KGB received instructions to promote a legend about the invention in the Soviet Union of an aircraft with a close-circuited nuclear engine and its successful flight tests which demonstrated the engine's high technical capacities and its safety in exploitation. On the basis of the Myasishchev M-50 bomber, with consideration of the results of those flight tests, according to this disinformation, a strategic bomber with nuclear engines and unlimited range had been designed.
Stand-off between US and Soviet tanks.
The four powers governing Berlin (Soviet Union, United States, United Kingdom, and France) had agreed at the 1945 Potsdam Conference that Allied personnel could move freely in any sector of Berlin. But on 22 October 1961, just two months after the construction of the Wall, the US Chief of Mission in West Berlin, E. Allan Lightner, was stopped in his car (which had occupation forces license plates) while crossing at Checkpoint Charlie to go to a theater in East Berlin. The former Army General Lucius D. Clay, U.S. President John F. Kennedy's Special Advisor in West Berlin, decided to demonstrate American resolve. 
Clay sent an American diplomat, Albert Hemsing, to probe the border. While probing in a vehicle clearly identified as belonging to a member of the U. S Mission in Berlin, Hemsing was stopped by East German police asking to see his passport. Once his identity became clear, US Military Police were rushed in. The Military Police escorted the diplomatic car as it drove into East Berlin and the shocked GDR police got out of the way. The car continued and the soldiers returned to West Berlin. A British diplomat—British cars were not immediately recognizable as belonging to the staff in Berlin-was stopped the next day and showed his identity card identifying him as a member of the British Military Government in Berlin, infuriating Clay.
Perhaps this contributed to Hemsing's decision to make the attempt again: on 27 October 1961, Mr. Hemsing again approached the zonal boundary in a diplomatic vehicle. But Clay did not know how the Soviets would respond, so just in case, he had sent tanks with an infantry battalion to the nearby Tempelhof airfield. To everyone's relief the same routine was played out as before. The US Military Police and Jeeps went back to West Berlin, and the tanks waiting behind also went home.
Immediately afterwards, 33 Soviet tanks drove to the Brandenburg Gate. Curiously, Soviet premier Nikita Khrushchev claimed in his memoirs that as he understood it, the American tanks had seen the Soviet tanks coming and retreated. Col. Jim Atwood, then Commander of the US Military Mission in West Berlin, disagreed in later statements. As one of the first to spot the tanks when they arrived, Lieutenant Vern Pike was ordered to verify whether they were indeed Soviet tanks. He and tank driver Sam McCart drove over to East Berlin, where Pike took advantage of a temporary absence of any soldiers near the tanks to climb into one of them. He came out with definitive evidence that the tanks were Soviet, including a Red Army newspaper.
Ten of these tanks continued to Friedrichstraße, and stopped just 50 to 100 metres from the checkpoint on the Soviet side of the sector boundary. The US tanks turned back towards the checkpoint, stopping an equal distance from it on the American side of the boundary. From 27 October 1961 at 17:00 until 28 October 1961 at about 11:00, the respective troops faced each other. As per standing orders, both groups of tanks were loaded with live munitions. The alert levels of the US Garrison in West Berlin, then NATO, and finally the US Strategic Air Command (SAC) were raised. Both groups of tanks had orders to fire if fired upon.
It was at this point that US Secretary of State Dean Rusk conveyed to General Lucius Clay, the US commanding officer in Berlin, that "We had long since decided that Berlin is not a vital interest which would warrant determined recourse to force to protect and sustain." Clay was convinced that having US tanks use bulldozer mounts to knock down parts of the Wall would have ended the Crisis to the greater advantage of the US and its allies without eliciting a Soviet military response. His views, and corresponding evidence that the Soviets may have backed down following this action, support a more critical assessment of Kennedy’s decisions during the crisis and his willingness to accept the Wall as the best solution.
With KGB spy Georgi Bolshakov serving as the primary channel of communication, Khrushchev and Kennedy agreed to reduce tensions by withdrawing the tanks. The Soviet checkpoint had direct communications to General Anatoly Gribkov at the Soviet Army High Command, who in turn was on the phone to Khrushchev. The US checkpoint contained a Military Police officer on the telephone to the HQ of the US Military Mission in Berlin, which in turn was in communication with the White House. Kennedy offered to go easy over Berlin in the future in return for the Soviets removing their tanks first. The Soviets agreed. In reality Kennedy was pragmatic concerning the Wall: "It's not a very nice solution, but a wall is a hell of a lot better than a war."
A Soviet tank moved about 5 metres backwards first; then an American tank followed suit. One by one the tanks withdrew. But General Bruce C. Clarke, then the Commander-in-Chief (CINC) of U.S. Army Europe (USAREUR), was said to have been concerned about Clay's conduct and Clay returned to the United States in May 1962. Gen. Clarke's assessment may have been incomplete, however: Clay's firmness had a great effect on the German population, led by West Berlin Mayor Willy Brandt and West German Chancellor Konrad Adenauer.

</doc>
<doc id="18360781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360781" title="Michel Bégon (1638–1710)">
Michel Bégon (1638–1710)

Michel Bégon, known as Michel V Bégon or le Grand Bégon (25 December 1638 in Blois – 14 March 1710 in Rochefort) was a French ancien regime official. He was intendant de la marine at the port of Rochefort and intendant of the généralité of La Rochelle, as well as a passionate plant collector (he met the naturalist Charles Plumier in the Antilles, and Plumier later named the begonia after him).
Life.
He was the son of Michel IV Bégon (1604 – 17 August 1683, Blois) and his wife Claude Viart. The Bégon family was an established court family, producing as many justices as finance ministers (two great-uncles were avocat and conseiller to the présidial of Blois, and Michel V's father and grandfather were receveurs des tailles). Michel V devient became garde des Sceaux of the présidial of Blois (1662) then president of the tribunal (1667). He only entered the naval administration late in life, aged around 40, when Colbert made him treasurer of the marine du Levant at Toulon (1677) : this was the start of a happy career. Bégon later left the shores of the Mediterranean for north-western France, becoming commissaire général de la marine at Brest (24 November 1680) then at Le Havre (1681). He crossed the Atlantic to take up office as intendant of the Windward Islands (1 May 1682 – 24 November 1684). On his return from the Antilles, he won a new post with the Levant fleet which he had awaited since 4 November 1684, the date of his nomination to the post of intendant des galères at Marseille. 
Michel V was seigneur of Picardière and Mirbelin (or Murbelaix), and also possessed an estate at Saint-Pierre on Martinique, which he sold in 1684 on leaving the Antilles. He was made Intendant of Saint-Domingue and set up his headquarters in the east of the island, Haiti, where he and Bertrand D'Ogeron got involved in the spice trade. In 1686, he became conseiller honoraire of the Parlement d’Aix (he was then intendant des galères at Marseille, fonction a role he occupied from 1 May 1685 to 1688). On 1 September, Michel V Bégon became intendant of Rochefort (1688 – 13 March 1710). In 1694, he also obtained the intendance of the généralité of La Rochelle (1694–1710). His time at Rochefort considerably transformed the port and with Colbert du Terron (1669–1674) he was the prime mover in the development of its town and arsenal. His epitaph at the church of Saint-Louis de Rochefort reads "Hanc nascentem urbem ligeam invenit" / "Lapideam reliquit" ("He found the city born in wood - he left it marble", referring to Augustus's words on the city of Rome). He is thus best known as a builder and it can be said that he was to Rochefort what Girardin de Vauvré was to Toulon.
Family.
Michel V was first cousin to Marie Charron, wife of Colbert, daughter of Jacques Charron (surintendant of Maria Theresa of Spain's household) and Marie Bégon. He married Marie-Madeleine Druilhon on 16 February 1665 at Blois - she was the daughter of Pierre, maître in the Chambre des comptes of Blois. Madeleine had been born in Blois, baptised in the parish of Sainte-Solenne on 29 March 1645 and died in the same town on 25 December 1697. 
The marriage alliances by Michel and Madeleine's children were advantageous for the family's descendents: 

</doc>
<doc id="18360789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360789" title="Erasmus Research Park">
Erasmus Research Park

The Erasmus Research Park is a science park located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium and it is being managed by the Brussels Regional Investment Company. The research park provides a business incubator for spin-offs of universities and space for companies active in research and development.

</doc>
<doc id="18360814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360814" title="Vesalius Research Park">
Vesalius Research Park

The Vesalius Research Park is a science park located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium and it is being managed by the Brussels Regional Investment Company. The research park provides a business incubator for spin-offs of universities and space for companies active in research and development.

</doc>
<doc id="18360821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360821" title="Begon (disambiguation)">
Begon (disambiguation)

Begon or Bégon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18360849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360849" title="Rysum organ">
Rysum organ

The Rysum organ in Rysum Church in Rysum, north Germany, is the oldest instrument of its kind in northern Europe that still largely has its original pipes. It is also one of the oldest playable church organs in the world alongside those in Sion, Kiedrich and Ostönnen. It was originally built in 1457 and rebuilt in 1513. After undergoing several other modifications through the years it was restored to its 1513 condition by Jürgen Ahrend and Gerhard Brunzema in 1959. The organ has seven organ stops on one keyboard.

</doc>
<doc id="18360850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360850" title="Climate change in Russia">
Climate change in Russia

Climate change in Russia describes the global warming related issues in Russia. This includes climate politics, contribution to global warming and the influence of global warming on Russia. In 2009 Russia was ready to reduce emissions 20–25% from its 1990 emission levels by the year 2020.
Agreements.
Kyoto protocol.
When Russia underlined the Kyoto protocol it came in force 16.2-2005. Russia ratified the agreement three months earlier. This agreement did not cause emission cuts for Russia due to an earlier drop in emissions compared to year 1990 for other reasons.
G8.
Six G8 countries would have been ready for the agreement to “at least halve global emissions by 2050” in 2007. Russia and the United States did not agree.
Effects of climate change on Russia.
IPCC.
According to IPCC (2007) climate change effected temperature increase is greater at higher northern latitudes. The temperature increases may effect e.g. agricultural and forestry management at Northern Hemisphere higher latitudes, such as earlier spring planting of crops, higher frequency of wildfires, alterations in disturbance of forests due to pests, increased health risks due to heat-waves, changes in infectious diseases and allergenic pollen and changes to human activities in the Arctic, e.g. hunting and travel over snow and ice. From 1900 to 2005, precipitation increased in northern Europe and northern and central Asia. Changes may affect inland flash floods, more frequent coastal flooding and increased erosion, reduced snow cover and species losses.
Permafrost.
Permafrost thawing may be a serious cause for concern. It is believed that carbon storage in permafrost globally is in the region of 1600 Gt equivalent to twice the atmospheric pool. Protection peatlands from drainage and clearance slows down the rate of greenhouse gases and gives benefits for biodiversity.
Permafrost is soil that has been frozen for two or more years. In most arctic areas it is from a few to several hundred metres thick. Thawing of permafrost soils releases methane. Methane has 25 times the warming potential of carbon dioxide. Recent methane emissions of the world’s soils were estimated between 150 and 250 million metric tons (2008)
Estimated annual net methane emission rates at the end of the 20th century for the northern region was 51 million metric tons. Net methane emissions from permafrost regions north included 64% from Russia, 11% from Canada and 7% from Alaska (2004). The business-as-usual scenarios estimate the Arctic methane emissions from permafrost thawing and rising temperatures to range from 54 to 105 million metric tons of methane per year (2006).
Wildfires.
According to IPCC higher temperatures may increase the frequency of wildfires. In Russia this includes the risk of peatland fires. Peat fire emissions may be more harmful for human health than forest fires. Scientists alarmed by the peatfires in Indonesia in 2004 concluded that “burning peat could be a major contributor to the as yet unexplained accelerating build-up of in the atmosphere since 1998.” In October 2004 in Borneo regionally the atmosphere was covered in thick smoke, visibility was 100 metres, schools shut and flights were cancelled. 
According to Wetlands International the wild fires in Moscow July 2010 were mainly 80–90% from dewatered peatlands. According to UN dewatered bogs cause 6% of human global warming emissions. Moscow air was filled with peat fire emissions in July 2010 and regionally visibility was below 300 metres.
Statistical contribution.
Russia was the fourth top emitter of CO2 in 2009, 5.2% of the global total behind China 25.4%, US 17.8% and India 5.3%.
Russia was the fifth top emitter of all greenhouse gas emissions including building and deforestation in 2005: China 16.4%, US: 15.7%, 3. Brazil 6.5%, 4. Indonesia 4.6%, 5. Russia 4.6%, 6. India 4.2%, 7. Japan 3.1%, 8. Germany 2.3%, 9. Canada 1.8%, and 10. Mexico:1.6%.
In the cumulative emissions between 1850 and 2007 the top emitters were: 1. US 28.8%, 2. China: 9.0%, 3. Russia: 8.0%, 4. Germany 6.9%, 5. UK 5.8%, 6. Japan: 3.9%, 7. France: 2.8%, 8. India 2.4%, 9. Canada: 2.2% and 10. Ukraine 2.2%.
Sectors.
Energy: Peat, oil shale and coal.
Peat, oil shale, lignite and coal are among the most harmful energy sources in respect to global warming emissions.
Peat is often a more harmful energy source than coal for global warming. Peat burning has been used as an energy source in Russia. In 2005 peat-based energy production was 8% of the total energy production in Russia. 
Russia has also used oil shale for energy. 
Russia produced, used and imported coal in 2008. In addition to the environmental and human health issues from harmful emissions of coal, coal mining was also dangerous work in Russia in 2008. Serious accidents have been reported. According to IEA the share of coal and peat electricity was 19% of the gross electricity production in 2008 in Russia (187 TWh / 1,038 TWh).
Deforestation.
Global deforestation was 20% of warming emissions in 1990. 
According to FAO (2007) more than half of the world forests are in five countries: Russia, Brazil, Canada, US and China. 2/3 of world forests are in 10 countries: Russia, Brazil, Canada, US, China, Australia, Kongo, Indonesia, Peru and India. Russian challenges for forests include control of illegal logging, corruption, forest fires and land use.

</doc>
<doc id="18360877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360877" title="GLRA3">
GLRA3

The Glycine receptor subunit alpha-3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "GLRA3" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a subunit of the glycine receptor.
Variants of this receptor subunit is associated with susceptibility to epilepsy.

</doc>
<doc id="18360884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360884" title="The Loddon School">
The Loddon School

The Loddon School is a British independent school for children who have severe and complex learning difficulties. Children catered for have problems associated with autism and epilepsy, including self injury, aggression and disruptive behaviour. The school is located on Wildmoor Lane in Sherfield on Loddon in the English county of Hampshire. It was founded in 1988 as a charitable trust and, as of 2010, caters for up to 29 children at one time, with over 180 staff providing education and care.

</doc>
<doc id="18360901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360901" title="GLRA4">
GLRA4

The glycine receptor, alpha 4, also known as GLRA4, is a human pseudogene. The protein encoded by this gene is a subunit of the glycine receptor.

</doc>
<doc id="18360903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360903" title="Young, Black en Gifted">
Young, Black en Gifted

Young, Black en Gifted, commonly referred to as Y.B.G., is Sunny Boy's debut album, released in December 2005 after he was signed to Mshasho Records in 2004. "Young, Black en Gifted" boosted Sunny's commercial popularity, thus making him a common household name among mainstream music fans. The album also established Sunny as one of the most profound lyrics in Namibia. Most of the tracks features a fusion of hip hop and kwaito. Production comes from The Dogg, Elvo and DJ Kboz.
The song "Best of Both Worlds" performed by Faizel MC featuring The Dogg and Sunny Boy was added to the album as a bonus track.

</doc>
<doc id="18360907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360907" title="Science and technology in Belgium">
Science and technology in Belgium

Science and technology in Belgium is well developed with the presence of several universities and research institutes. As Belgium is a federal state, science is organized at several levels. At the national level, there is the Belgian Federal Science Policy Office (BELSPO) and each of the three regions, Brussels-Capital Region, Flanders and Wallonia have their own regional science and technology development:

</doc>
<doc id="18360929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360929" title="Kabulov">
Kabulov

Kabulov (), in feminine form Kabulova (), is a Tatar Russian last name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18360995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18360995" title="Lancelot de Mole">
Lancelot de Mole

Lancelot Eldin "Lance" de Mole CBE, (13 March 1880 – 6 May 1950) was an Australian engineer and inventor.
He made several approaches to the British authorities in 1912, in 1914 and 1916, in relation to what would become the tank. It was, obviously, ahead of its time; because, in 1912, the need for such a military device had not yet arisen. And, to further complicate matters, due to various bureaucratic blunders, his correspondence was set aside, and not given to the appropriate officers.
Eventually, in 1919, long after the military tank had been built and used in warfare during World War I, a Royal Commission recognized the importance of de Mole's innovative work, and noted the unfortunate consequences of his submissions being overlooked and, therefore, having no connection with the development of the tank at all: that a far better tank would have been developed than the one that the British eventually used, and that it would have been developed at a much earlier date.
Life.
The eldest of the five children — three girls and two boys: Lance, Florence Louise de Mole (1881–1966) (later Mrs. Feldtmann), Winifred Emily de Mole (1886–1903), Clive Moulden de Mole (1886–1934), and Gladys Rose de Mole (1887–1979) — of William Frederick de Mole (1852-1939), an architect and surveyor, and Emily de Mole (1858-1941), née Moulden, Lance de Mole was born in Adelaide on 13 March 1880.
His family moved to Victoria when he was 7 years old, and he was educated at the Melbourne Church of England Grammar School until 1891, and then the Berwick Grammar School. After leaving school he trained as an engineering draftsman.
He married Harriet Josephine Walter (1890-1957) on 21 July 1915.
His younger brother Clive Moulden de Mole (1886–1934) enlisted in the First AIF on 9 September 1914, and Private Clive de Mole was given service number 2518. He was wounded in action, receiving a gunshot wound and a fracture to his left arm, in the Dardanelles on 28 June 1915. He was invalided back to Australia in March 1916. He was promoted to Second Lieutenant (no longer requiring a service number) on 1 January 1919, and to Lieutenant on 1 April 1919. He was discharged from the AIF in the U.K. in September 1919.
Inventions.
He was a prolific inventor; and a number of his inventions were patented.
The tank.
Inspired by the uncomfortable experience of travelling over rough terrain in the Western Australian countryside in 1911, de Mole developed, and then submitted an idea of a tracked armoured vehicle ("chain-rail vehicle which could be easily steered and carry heavy loads over rough ground and trenches") to the British War Office in 1912; in June 1913 he received a reply that his idea had been rejected.
de Mole made several more proposals to the British War Office after 1912, in 1914 and 1916. In 1916 after the Mark I tank had been deployed, he asked to be recognized as the inventor, sending a one-eighth scale model of his invention in 1917 (he had already constructed one for his own purposes in 1912).
A model of his tank is displayed at the Australian War Memorial, Canberra.
He wrote to the British "Munitions Inventions Department" on 19 June 1919 seeking remuneration for the expenses he had incurred in submitting his invention to the Department for use during the war.
de Mole's formal claim.
Royal Commission on Awards to Inventors.
The U.K. Royal Commission on Awards to Inventors (1919), conducted by Mr Justice Charles Henry Sargant (1856-1942), investigated the claims of twelve persons (10 individuals, including de Mole, and one pair) relating to the invention of tanks, delivered its findings and recommendations on 27 November 1919.
The Commission's Report announced that "in estimating the value of the invention of the Tanks for the purpose of recommendations, we have taken into account not merely the precise class of Tanks which went into action at the Battle of the Somme, but also any modified or improved classes of Tanks which may fairly be considered to result from the normal development of the inherent potentialities of the original invention". Notwithstanding this, however, the Report continued, "we have not taken into account any special or exceptional inventions which may subsequently have been applied and have resulted in substantial extra utility".
Mr. Winston Churchill.
Before anything else, the Commissioner registered his view that, "the general idea of the use of such an instrument of warfare as the "Tank" was converted into a practical shape … was primarily due to the receptivity, courage, and driving force of Mr. Winston Churchill"; and, as well, that it should be placed on record that Churchill had made no claim, because "Mr. Churchill has very properly taken the view that all his thought and time belonged to the State, and that he was not entitled to make any claim for an award, even had he wished to do so".
Commission's awards.
Sir William Tritton and Major W.G. Wilson were jointly awarded £15,000, and were recognized for "designing and producing a concrete practical shape the novel and efficient engine of warfare known as the 
"Tank""; the Commissioner emphasized that the considerable design difficulties that were experienced when the tanks took the field of action, which were rapidly remedied, were a consequence of inadequate specifications by the government, and were not due to any design faults on the part of Tritton or Wilson.
Sir Eustace Tennyson d'Eyncourt, the Director of Naval Construction, and Chairman of the Landships Committee, and Major-General E.D. Swinton were each awarded £1,000, for their work in advocating the overall concept, setting design specifications, and overseeing the project.
Mr. Albert Collinson Nesfield and Lieutenant Robert Francis Macfie were each awarded £500 for the separate and independent "conception, embodiment, and communication of the same set of ideas".
Commission's rejection.
The Royal Commission rejected the claims of Lieutenant-Colonel Frederick Lewis Maitland Boothby, Commodore M.F. Sueter, Major Thomas Gerard Hetherington — the separate claims of Boothby, Sueter, and Hetherington were rejected on the grounds that the important services that they had rendered came within the scope of their military employment — and that of Colonel R.E.B. Crompton and his assistant Mr. Lucien Alphonse Legros, on the basis that they had "worked loyally and very hard" at their alloted tasks, they had been well-paid as consulting engineers, and had neither invented nor discovered any of the special features that were ultimately incorporated in the tanks.
In de Mole's case, however, the Commission's Report was far more sympathetic:
Reward.
The Commission recognised the brilliance of de Mole's design, even considering that it was superior to the machines actually developed, but due to its narrow remit, could only make a payment of £987 to De Mole to cover his expenses.
He was made an honorary corporal in 1919; and, early in 1920, it was announced from London that he had been honoured with the bestowal of the award of Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (CBE).
At the formal investiture of the award, on 28 July 1921, in the ballroom of the New South Wales' State Government House, Lord Forster, the seventh Governor-General of Australia, was so nervous that he dropped the decoration before it could be pinned on de Mole's chest.
Post-war.
After the war, de Mole made his case to the Australian government. Inquiries from that government to the British one yielded little but polite responses that Mr de Mole’s ideas had unfortunately been too advanced for their time and thus were not recognized as they should have been.
Employment.
After the war de Mole became an engineer in the design branch of the Sydney Water Board.

</doc>
<doc id="18361017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361017" title="B hut">
B hut

B Hut Picture
A B-Hut is an abbreviation for "Barracks Hut"."" The British Army commonly used the term "Barracks Hut" to refer to temporary billets for military personnel as far back as the 1800s.""The term "Barrack" means: A building or group of buildings used to house military personnel. Often used in the plural. e.g. Barracks. The definition of "Hut" is a temporary structure for sheltering troops."" Barracks Hut was almost always used when referring to cheaply made temporary shelter or housing. Since the US invasion of Afghanistan, the abbreviated term "B-Hut" has become a common term for US soldiers and contractors alike. The B-Hut is much more common in Afghanistan than Iraq due to the lack of infrastructure, building materials (besides mud) and of permanent buildings, by western standards. It is suggested, not confirmed, that the term B-Hut/Barracks Hut was carried over in vocabulary from British occupation and influence in Afghanistan during the early 1900s
Often referred to as a "hooch", the B-Hut usually houses up to eight single persons, but can contain more if not broken down into separate rooms. It is cheaply made (US Gov't cost of about $15,000 each at time of construction)"" of plywood and divided up into 2, 4, 6, or 8 separate rooms with a common walkway down the center, or left "open" containing one large space. A typical B-hut usually has two entrances, two or three fluorescent lights on the ceiling, a small ductless air conditioning unit above each door. Each room usually has a window with a latch for climate control purposes and an electrical outlet for each occupant. B-huts afford no protection from indirect or direct fire and are often ridiculed by the service members and contractors who reside in them, but they offer a small amount of privacy to the occupant in allowing him/her to have their own room - an opportunity rarely afforded to deployed personnel.
B-huts require constant maintenance and painting and are built knowing that they are only expected to last three or four years."" DoD is currently (FY 2011) seeking Afghan contract bids for concrete B-Huts"" which is ironic based upon the meaning of B-Hut. The heat of many forward deployed areas makes quick work of the plywood structure. It is imperative that occupants of this structure keep their living areas clean and free of open beverage or food containers as vermin can easily gain entrance.

</doc>
<doc id="18361022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361022" title="Arizona Colt">
Arizona Colt

Arizona Colt is a 1966 Italian Spaghetti Western directed by Michele Lupo. Its stars Giuliano Gemma.
Releases.
Wild East released this on an out-of-print limited edition R0 NTSC DVD in 2004 under the title "The Man From Nowhere". It was re-released under its "Arizona Colt" moniker in another limited edition R0 NTSC DVD release in 2010 alongside sequel "Arizona Colt Returns"

</doc>
<doc id="18361034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361034" title="Jürgen Ahrend">
Jürgen Ahrend

Jürgen Ahrend (born 1930) is a German organ builder famous for restoring instruments such as the Rysum organ and the Arp Schnitger organ in St. Jacobi, Hamburg (St James's Church) as well as building original instruments. He is interviewed extensively in the film Martinikerk Rondeau, released in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18361043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361043" title="Jeremy Mercer">
Jeremy Mercer

Jeremy Mercer (born 1971 in Ottawa, Canada) is an author and journalist whose books include "Time Was Soft There" (St. Martin's Press, New York, 2005) and "When the Guillotine Fell" (St. Martin's Press, New York, 2008). He has also translated Robert Badinter's "Abolition" into English for University Press of New England. He is a founding member of the Paris arts collective Kilometer Zero. He is also the author of Money for Nothing (October 1999) and The Champagne Gang: High Times and Sweet Crimes (January 1998).

</doc>
<doc id="18361104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361104" title="Rai Gulp">
Rai Gulp

Rai Gulp is an Italian television channel aimed to a children/teenager viewership, and is owned and operated by state-owned RAI television network.
Programmimg.
The programming consists mainly of cartoons, television series and other entertainment programs.

</doc>
<doc id="18361109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361109" title="Model audit">
Model audit

A model audit is the colloquial term for the tasks performed when conducting due diligence on a financial model, in order to eliminate spreadsheet error. Model Audits are frequently referred to as Model Reviews, primarily to avoid confusion with Financial Audit. A study in 1998 concluded that even MBA students with over 250 hours of spreadsheet development experience had a 24% chance of introducing spreadsheet error. Model audits are typically requested by banking organisations, in order to reassure lenders and investors alike that the calculations and assumptions within the model are correct, and that the results produced by the model can be relied upon. When a comprehensive review of the model is required, the scope of review is often extended to include tax and accounting, sensitivity testing and the checking of data contained within the model back to the original financing and legal documentation.
Purpose.
The purpose of a model audit is to provide assurance that the results can be relied upon. For this reason, the party conducting the review will provide a level of reliance on the form of an amount of liability. This may range from a multiple of the fee (2×, 3×, 4× fee, etc.) to a fixed amount, often up to US$20 million. In the event an error or omission is found in the model due to the model auditor's negligence, the organisation relying on the report may choose to sue the model auditor in order to recover any loss.
The objective of the model audit should be to the reduce financial risk that is being taken on by under the transaction to which the financial model relates. As such, it is more important to ensure that the model audit has the proper scope, and is undertaken using a robust methodology, to identify material errors than to negotiate a liability cap if material errors are not identified. The model audit is not, or at least not as a primary purpose, an insurance policy, it is for reducing the financial risk that is being taken on.
Typical scope.
For a full-scope model audit, the following elements would usually be included:
Application.
Model audit has predominately been related to project finance and infrastructure finance, including Public Private Partnership ("PPP") transactions (including PFI in the UK and P3 in the USA).
Model audits are applicable to any financial model that is used to support the taking on of any financial risk, e.g. valuation models, operational models, refinancing models, portfolio model, M&A models etc.
How is it conducted?
Most financial models are produced using Microsoft Excel. The model will routinely contain a number of pages of input data, a sheet of formulas (the 'workings') which drive the model, and the output pages, which are usually in the form of standard financial statements (balance sheet, income statement, cash flow statement, etc.).
Model auditors may undertake a detailed 'bottom-up' review (cell-by-cell checks) of each unique formula, and/or combine a 'top-down' analysis such as the reperformance of calculations based upon the project's documentation ("shadow modelling"), analytical review of trends in key outputs, sensitivity analysis and commercial sense checking.
Debate on alternative approaches.
As noted in the citations, Andy Hucknall of BDO LLP (and many others) argues that the combination of a detailed 'bottom up' all-cells review with 'top-down' analytical review gives the greatest assurance. 
An approach including an 'all cells' review provides assurance on the detailed model logic, as issues related to options not currently active in the Model, such as scenarios or alternative inputs, will not be identified where a reperformance only approach is used as such issues will only be identified by carefully reviewed a model's logic. That said, an 'all cells' review without 'top down' analytical review would lose context, so it is important to use both techniques. 
An alternative approach, put forward by Jerome Brice of Mazars LLP, is that a focus on shadow modelling is a superior approach. Implementing, this alternative approach has led to Mazars LLP becoming one of the leading model auditors in global project finance.
Providers of model audit services.
Given that the concept of formal financial model audits is thought to have started with early UK PFIs, many of the long-standing financial model audit firms are based in London. 
Some of best known model audit firms are:
Some newer entrants to the market are based in Australia but service a global market, such as:
Many of the above firms, such as PwC, BDO, E&Y, Mazars and KPMG, are major accounting firms. This enables them to provide the tax and accounting reviews (usually required in a model audit) in-house or through their internationals networks, avoiding the need for separate subcontractors. It is also likely that they will be providing other services to the transaction such as tax advice or financial, commercial and operational due diligence, and the model audit is provided as part of the package. The benefits of using a major accounting firm includes a less complicated engagement process which balances the benefit of using more specialised providers such as Operis, Corality and Protivity.
Software for model audit.
Spreadsheet tools and software are useful to the model auditor for assessing the model, providing a work plan and for identifying potential errors, but can not replace a properly planned, scoped and undertaken model audit. Commonly used tools include OAK, SpreadsheetProfessional, SpreadsheetAdvantage, Arixcel Explorer, and The Audinator but there are many others.
Changed environment of the credit crunch.
Banks are now more risk averse. Given that they do not pay for the model audit (the sponsors do), but they rely upon the model audit report, they are able to dictate the scope of the model audit. Given that the banks will now insist on a properly scoped model audit, the model audit will finally be seen as a critical financial risk management task, rather than simply have someone to sue if things go wrong.
Competitive dialogue for PPPs.
Procurement of public-private projects is often undertaken under a competitive dialogue regime. This requires bidders to commit earlier in the process, and the implication of not identifying errors in a financial model at any early stage could be that a bidder is unable to rectify the error.
As a result, financial models are being checked earlier in the bid process, not just at financial close - these are known as pre-preferred bidder reviews. In some cases, these will have almost the same scope as a financial close model audit (but with documentation review limited as this will still be being drafted), but in other cases, the pre-preferred bidder review will be limited to an agreed scope of procedures with the objective of maximising risk mitigation whilst minimising the fee. The benefits of a pre-preferred bidder review is that it should lead to a reduced model audit fee at financial close.
The introduction of this process to North America has been controversial. The City of Brampton, for instance, has faced lawsuits and controversy about use of the process.
Cost and duration.
A model audit may take between 1 and 5 weeks, but this does not include the time taken by the model author to rectify the errors identified by the model auditor. The fee is largely dependent upon the scope of review, and if done properly, the number of unique formulae and their complexity.
The cost will also depend on the seniority of staff undertaking the work. Planning of the model audit, as for a statutory audit, is vital to mitigating risk, and thus this needs to be undertaken by senior staff. In planning, the elements of the model audit should be allocated to staff with the appropriate level of experience, technical expertise (e.g. tax or accounting) and seniority. The senior staff needs to look at the big picture of the model to ensure that it makes sense as a whole.

</doc>
<doc id="18361116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361116" title="BRP Diego Silang (PF-9)">
BRP Diego Silang (PF-9)

BRP "Diego Silang" (PF-9) was an "Andres Bonifacio" class frigate of the Philippine Navy in commission from 1976 to 1990. She and her three sister ships were the largest Philippine Navy ships of their time.
History.
Construction and United States Navy service 1944-1946.
"Diego Silang" was built in the United States by Lake Washington Shipyard at Houghton, Washington, as the United States Navy "Barnegat"-class seaplane tender USS "Bering Strait" (AVP-34). Commissioned in July 1944, "Bering Strait" served in the Central Pacific during World War II and on occupation duty in Japan postwar. She was decommissioned in June 1946 and placed in reserve.
United States Coast Guard service 1949-1971.
The U.S. Navy loaned "Bering Strait" to the United States Coast Guard, which commissioned her in 1949 as the "Casco"-class Coast Guard cutter USCGC "Bering Strait" (WAVP-382). Reclassified as a high endurance cutter and redesignated WHEC-382 in 1966, she patrolled ocean stations in the Pacific Ocean, for nearly 22 years, reporting weather data and engaging in search-and-rescue and law-enforcement operations. During the Vietnam War, she served two tours off Vietnam, in 1967-1968 and in 1970.
Republic of Vietnam Navy service 1971-1975.
"Bering Strait" was transferred to South Vietnam in 1971 and was commissioned into the Republic of Vietnam Navy as the frigate RVNS "Tran Quang Khai" (HQ-02). When South Vietnam collapsed at the end of the Vietnam War in April 1975, "Tran Quang Khai" fled to Subic Bay in the Philippines, packed with South Vietnamese refugees.
Acquisition by the Philippines.
On 22 May 1975 and 23 May 1975, a U.S. Coast Guard team inspected "Tran Quang Khai" and several other former "Casco"-class cutters which had been transferred to South Vietnam in 1971 and 1972 and, like "Tran Quang Khai", fled to the Philippines in April 1975. One of the inspectors noted: "These vessels brought in several hundred refugees and are generally rat-infested. They are in a filthy, deplorable condition. Below decks generally would compare with a garbage scow." After "Tran Quang Khai" was cleaned, repaired, and made ready to return to service, the U.S. Navy transferred her to the Republic of the Philippines, with the formal transfer occurring on 5 April 1976.
Philippine Navy service 1977-1990.
The ship was acquired by the Philippine government on 5 April 1976, and was commissioned as Philippine Navy frigate RPS "Diego Silang" (PF-9). On June 1980 she was reclassified and renamed as BRP "Diego Silang" (PF-9), and served the Philippine Navy until her decommissioning on June 1985. She was again recommissioned afterwards as BRP "Diego Silang" (PF-14) and was finally decommissioned on April 1990.
Disposal.
After finding her beyond economical repair, "Diego Silang" was discarded in July 1990 and probably scrapped. Some of her usable parts were made available for her sister ship BRP "Andres Bonifacio" (PF-7).
Technical details.
There were changes made to the "Andres Bonifacio" class as compared to their original design during its service with the US Navy, US Coast Guard and the Republic of Vietnam Navy. The ships were passed to the Philippine Navy with fewer weapons on-board and old surface search radars, and these were addressed later on by the Philippine Navy through modernization programs, including the addition of a helicopter landing pad in 1979.
The single Mk.12 5"/38 caliber gun (127 mm) was "Diego Silang"s primary weapon. It was mounted in a Mark 30 Mod 0 enclosed base ring and had a range of up to yards; the gun was a dual-purpose weapon, capable of anti-surface and anti-air warfare. She also carried two twin Mk.1 Bofors 40mm anti-aircraft gun mounts, four Mk. 4 single 20-millimeterOerlikon anti-aircraft gun mounts, four M2 Browning .50-caliber (12.7-millimeter) general purpose machine guns, and two 81mm mortars.
A helicopter deck was added aft in 1979 by Hatch and Kirk, Inc. It could accommodate a MBB Bo 105C helicopter used by the Philippine Navy for utility, scout, and maritime patrol purposes, although the ship had no capability to refuel or otherwise support visiting helicopters.
Radar system installed include the Sperry SPS-53 Surface Search & Navigation Radar replacing the previously installed AN/SPS-23, while retaining both the AN/SPS-29D Air Search Radar and Mk.26 Mod.1 Fire Control Radar System. 
"Diego Silang" was powered by two Fairbanks-Morse 38D diesel engines with a combined power of around 6,200 brake horsepower (4.63 megawatts) driving two propellers. The main engines could propel the 1,766-ton-displacement (standard load) ship at a maximum speed of around . She had a maximum range of at an economical speed of .
The Philippine Navy made plans to equip "Diego Silang" and her sister ships with new radar systems and long-range BGM-84 Harpoon anti-ship cruise missiles, but this upgrade did not materialize due to the worsening political and economic crisis in the Philippines in the mid-1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18361135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361135" title="Tim Sarkes">
Tim Sarkes

Tim Sarkes is a film and television producer who is known for his production on Run Ronnie Run, as well as for Mind of Mencia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361139" title="Marissa Stott">
Marissa Stott

Marissa Stott (born 13 June ) is an actress who currently resides in Berlin Germany.
One of her most memorable roles was on New Zealand's medical soap opera Shortland Street where in 2005 she played Amanda Warner, twin sister to Dr. Chris Warner. 
Marissa is also a skilled voice artist who has done numerous radio ad campaigns and does regular voice work for La-Z-Boy.

</doc>
<doc id="18361148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361148" title="The Return of Ringo">
The Return of Ringo

Il ritorno di Ringo or "The Return of Ringo" is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western directed by Duccio Tessari and the sequel to the earlier film "A Pistol for Ringo". Its stars Giuliano Gemma who was like in many of his other films billed as Montgomery Wood. The score was composed by Ennio Morricone.
Plot.
Giuliano Gemma plays a civil war soldier who returns home to find his family decimated. As if this wasn't enough, his property has been taken over by a family of Mexican bandits and his fiancee about to marry the Mexican gangster behind all this. He decides to go undercover disguised as a Mexican, and discovers he has a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18361180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361180" title="Elai Lineendunge">
Elai Lineendunge

Elai Lineendunge is the second album by Namibian rapper Sunny Boy, and the first to be released on his own label GreenHouse Entertainment. It was released in December 2006. The album features a much darker sound and much deeper subject matter than, "Young, Black en Gifted". It moved away from the mainstreme original type of kwaito, used on "Young, Black en Gifted" and albums done by Gazza and The Dogg, to a hip hop type of kwaito that Sunny describe as hikwa. This style has become influential and has seen Gazza, Qonja, Chipolopolo, Exit & Mushe and many other new Namibian kwaito artist experimenting with it.
Music.
The first single released was "Bozza", a fast tempo dance song with a funky bass. The second single was "Summertime". Both songs had videos that premier on NBC. "Who's Gonna Be" is a hardcore Elvo-produced kwaito/hip hop song, a duet with The Dogg which contains subliminal threats aimed at critics who are against Mshasho and GreenHouse. The two also claim supremacy in the music industry by calling themselves the Kwaito and Hikwa Masters. On "Another Levela", Sunny raps about how he separates himself from controversies between Mshasho and G. M. P. and moving to another level. The song is also praised for its lyrical structure. The video for "Summertime" got nominated for "Best Kwaito Video" for the 2008 Channel O MVA's.
The album is praised for its good poetry rhymes and stories, and its amazing production.

</doc>
<doc id="18361203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361203" title="Utah State Route 122">
Utah State Route 122

State Route 122 (SR-122) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah, connecting the ghost town of Hiawatha with SR-10.
Route description.
SR-122 begins at the east right-of-way line of the Utah Railway, opposite the coal mine and ghost town of Hiawatha in the Manti-La Sal National Forest. It heads east in generally straight lines, gradually descending a ridge from the foothills of Gentry Mountain into the Castle Valley. About two-thirds of the way to the end at SR-10, SR-122 meets a county road from Wattis, another former mining town.
History.
A pair of roads connecting the coal mining company town of Hiawatha with SR-10 was added to the state highway system in 1931, initially numbered SR-123 but changed to State Route 122 in 1933. One branch headed east along present SR-122; the other turned south at Hiawatha Junction (just east of the Utah Railway crossing) and passed east of Mohrland to end at SR-10 near Huntington. The latter branch was split off as State Route 236 in 1945 and removed from the state highway system in 1969. Another branch, running southeast from Wattis to SR-122, became State Route 50 in 1935 and was also deleted in 1969. A short truncation was made to SR-122 at its west end in 1993, after Hiawatha was disincorporated, so that the U.S. Fuel Company could gate the former Main Street. The end was moved from near a curve on Main Street north of Center Street to the east right-of-way line at the railroad crossing.

</doc>
<doc id="18361208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361208" title="Vohon chy lid">
Vohon chy lid

"Vohon chy lid (Vse ne te)" (, ) is a pop song recorded by Ukrainian popsinger Ruslana, written by her and Oleksander Ksenofotov and co-produced by Ruslana herself. The song serves as the third single (second radio single) from her March 2008-released Ukrainian album "Amazonka" ("").
The music video for "Vohon chy lid" has been finished and was premiered on the 2 November 2008. A 1-minute teaser video has leaked onto YouTube in mid-September.

</doc>
<doc id="18361218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361218" title="BRP Francisco Dagohoy (PF-10)">
BRP Francisco Dagohoy (PF-10)

The BRP "Francisco Dagohoy" (PF-10) was an "Andres Bonifacio" class frigate of the Philippine Navy that served from 1979 to 1985. She was one of six ex-United States Navy "Barnegat"-class small seaplane tenders and ex-United States Coast Guard "Casco"-class high endurance cutters received from the United States after the Vietnam War, two of which were cannibalized for spare parts without entering service. She and her other three sister ships were the largest Philippine Navy ships of their time.
History.
Construction and United States Navy service 1944-1946.
"Francisco Dagohoy" was built in the United States by Lake Washington Shipyard at Houghton, Washington, as the United States Navy "Barnegat"-class seaplane tender USS "Castle Rock" (AVP-35). Commissioned in October 1944, "Castle Rock" served in the Central Pacific during and after World War II. She was decommissioned in June 1946 and placed in reserve.
United States Coast Guard service 1949-1971.
In 1948, the U.S. Navy loaned "Castle Rock" to the United States Coast Guard, which commissioned her that year as the cutter USCGC "Castle Rock" (WAVP-383). She was later reclassified as a high endurance cutter and redesignated WHEC-383. While in Coast Guard service, her primary duty was to patrol ocean stations, reporting weather data and engaging in search-and-rescue and law-enforcement operations. She also performed combat duty in the Vietnam War for a few months in 1971.
Republic of Vietnam Navy service 1971-1975.
"Castle Rock" was transferred to South Vietnam on 21 December 1971 and was commissioned into the Republic of Vietnam Navy as the frigate RVNS "Tran Binh Trong" (HQ-05). She fought in the Battle of the Paracel Islands in 1974.
When South Vietnam collapsed at the end of the Vietnam War in late April 1975, "Tran Binh Trong" fled to Subic Bay in the Philippines, packed with South Vietnamese refugees. On 22 May 1975 and 23 May 1975, a U.S. Coast Guard team inspected "Tran Binh Trong" and five of her sister ships, which also had fled to the Philippines in April 1975. One of the inspectors noted: "These vessels brought in several hundred refugees and are generally rat-infested. They are in a filthy, deplorable condition. Below decks generally would compare with a garbage scow."
Philippine Navy service 1979-1985.
After "Tran Binh Trong" had been cleaned and repaired, the United States formally transferred her to the Republic of the Philippines on 5 April 1976. She was commissioned into the Philippine Navy as frigate RPS "Francisco Dagohoy" on 23 June 1979. On June 1980 she was reclassified and renamed as BRP "Francisco Dagohoy" (PF-10). She served in the Philippine Navy until she was decommissioned in June 1985. Unlike her two other decommissioned sisterships, "Francisco Dagohoy" was never re-activated after her decommissioning.
"Francisco Dagohoy" was discarded in March 1993 and probably scrapped.
Technical details.
There were changes made to the "Andres Bonifacio" class as compared to their original design during its service with the US Navy, US Coast Guard and the Republic of Vietnam Navy. The ships were passed to the Philippine Navy with fewer weapons on-board and old surface search radars, and these were addressed later on by the Philippine Navy through modernization programs, including the addition of a helicopter landing pad in 1979.
The single Mark 12 5-inch/38-caliber (127 mm) gun was "Francisco Dagohoy"s primary weapon. It was mounted in a Mark 30 Mod 0 enclosed base ring and had a range of up to . The gun was a dual-purpose type, capable of both antisurface and antiair warfare. She also carried two twin Mark 1 Bofors 40 mm anti-aircraft guns, four Mark 4 single 20 mm Oerlikon cannons, four .50-caliber (12.7-mm) general-purpose machine guns, and two 81 mm mortars.
Radar system installed include the Sperry SPS-53 Surface Search & Navigation Radar replacing the previously installed AN/SPS-23, while retaining both the AN/SPS-29D Air Search Radar and Mk.26 Mod.1 Fire Control Radar System.
Hatch and Kirk, Inc. added a helicopter deck aft in 1979. Although the ship had no capability to house or service visiting helicopters, the helicopter deck could accommodate one MBB Bo 105C helicopter, used by the Philippine Navy for utility, scout, and maritime patrol purposes.
"Francico Dagohoy" was powered by two Fairbanks-Morse 38D diesel engines with a combined power of around 6,200 brake horsepower (4.63 megawatts), driving two propellers. The main engines could propel the 1,766-displacement-ton (standard load) ship at a maximum speed of around . She had a maximum range of at an economical speed of .
The Philippine Navy made plans to upgrade the entire ship class with new radar systems and the BGM-84 Harpoon long-range anti-ship cruise missile, but this did not materialize due to the worsening political and economic crisis in the Philippines in the mid-1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18361220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361220" title="Coats of arms of Penang">
Coats of arms of Penang

The civic coats of arms of Penang are largely based on the coat of arms of Penang first granted to the Settlement (now State) of Penang, then in the Federation of Malaya, by a Royal Warrant of King George VI dated 11 September 1949. 
Between 1911 (the date of a previous Royal Warrant) and 1946, when the colony of the Straits Settlements was dissolved, the Settlement was represented in the Straits Settlements coat of arms by the second quarter, "Argent on a mount an areca nut palm tree Proper". The Areca-nut palm is the tree from which Penang ("Pulau Pinang", or "Areca-nut-palm Island") derives its name.
Settlement and state arms.
The coat of arms as granted was blazoned
The Prince of Wales's feathers and the motto "Ich Dien" referred to the fact that Penang was founded in 1786 as "Prince of Wales Island", while the blue and white bars are in reference to the Straits of Malacca that surround Penang island and separate it from Province Wellesley on the mainland.
The Areca-nut palm on the crest represents the origins of the Island's name.
The motto "Bersatu dan Setia" ("United and Loyal") was adopted by the Settlement Council of Penang in 1950
. As this was at the height of the Penang secession movement
, the motto may to many people at the time have referred to loyalty to the British Crown, rather than to the Federation of Malaya. Penang also has an unofficial motto, "Let Penang Lead".
Present-day state arms.
Subsequently, after the construction of the Penang Bridge in 1982-1985, the state coat of arms was changed to the present design, which can be blazoned as:
Municipal arms.
The arms of the Municipal Council (from 1 January 1957, City Council) of George Town were granted by the English College of Arms on 4 September 1953, and are based on the arms of the Settlement of Penang:
The motto is a combination of the motto of the Prince of Wales, "Ich Dien" (I serve), and the unofficial motto of Penang, "Let Penang Lead".
Present-day municipal arms.
In 1974, the City Council of George Town was merged with the Penang Rural District Council to form the Municipal Council of Penang Island. The arms of the new municipality is displayed on a native shield and contains much local symbolism, but generally conforms to traditional English heraldic principles, and may be blazoned as follows:
The Municipal Council of Province Wellesley, which replaced the North, Central and South Province Wellesley District Councils, does not have a regular coat of arms.

</doc>
<doc id="18361221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361221" title="Ficus neriifolia">
Ficus neriifolia

Ficus neriifolia is a species of fig ("Ficus"). It is native to Asia, including Bhutan, Burma, China, India, and Nepal.
It is a tree up to 15 meters tall with hairless, leathery leaf blades in varying shapes up to 18 centimeters long. The figs are rounded, oval, or cylindrical and grow in pairs.
This fig is considered good for indoor bonsai, and it is easily shaped and pruned.

</doc>
<doc id="18361248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361248" title="Karisöödi">
Karisöödi

Karisöödi () is a village in Mõniste Parish, Võru County, Estonia. It is the southernmost village in Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361265" title="Burhanath temple">
Burhanath temple

Burhanath temple situated on the bank of river Ganges, has statues dating 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="18361276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361276" title="Madesha">
Madesha

Madesha is an Indian Kannada-language film starring Shivaraj Kumar and Sonu Bhatia. It is directed by Ravi Srivatsa and produced by B M Govardhan Murthy. The movie is slated for an August Release. Audio was launched on 24 Jun 2008.
Controversy.
Madesha was surrounded itself in many controversies even before its release. The censor board gave the film 18+ (A) rating due to its exaggerated and violent action sequences.
Reception.
Keeping in line with the recent trends of Shivaraj Kumar movies, this movie also failed to perform well in box office.

</doc>
<doc id="18361284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361284" title="Reva (disambiguation)">
Reva (disambiguation)

Reva may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18361287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361287" title="Rammuka, Võru County">
Rammuka, Võru County

Rammuka is a settlement in Misso Parish, Võru County, Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361291" title="Tomioka-mae Station">
Tomioka-mae Station

It was opened on .
It is the closest station to the Primate Research Institute, at about 15 minutes on foot.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18361307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361307" title="Tsander">
Tsander

Tsander can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18361316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361316" title="Stockport Heritage">
Stockport Heritage

Stockport Heritage was formed by volunteers in 1987 as a campaigning conservation group to help preserve and regenerate historic and architecturally sensitive buildings in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport, Greater Manchester, England.
Its main work focussed on Staircase House, a 15th-century merchants' warehouse and home with later additions, which had been semi-derelict for a number of years on Stockport's 750 year old Market Place. The group successfully opposed plans to demolish the house. 
Stockport Heritage was granted charitable status in 1988, and was renamed Stockport Heritage Trust. The objective of persuading the local civic authorities to take up the Staircase House project was achieved and the House became the flagship of a regeneration scheme for the historic town centre. The House opened to the public in 2005, after a £4 million restoration by Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council, as a restored historic town house (Staircase House itself) and the town's museum of local history (The Stockport Story Museum) – thus giving the Borough two heritage sites under the same roof. 
In 2001 Stockport Heritage Trust sponsored a Stockport friendship link with Dodge City, Kansas, in consideration of the many American descendants of the Dodge family, who emigrated from Offerton, in the Parish of Stockport, in the 17th century. Members of the Dodge Association regularly visit their ancestral homes in Stockport, one of which is Staircase House. 
Starting in 1992, Stockport Heritage Trust initiated a blue plaque programme commemorating various sites in the town including the birthplace of John Bradshawe, the republican regicide and Lord President of the Council of State of the puritan Commonwealth of 1649-53. The commemorative plaques now record sites and people throughout the town centre and a blue plaque trail was launched in 2007.
Since 1999 Stockport Heritage Trust volunteers have run a free heritage centre open to the public on Market days in the part-13th/14th century Parish Church on the Market Place. This building has also been the subject of a multi-million pound restoration scheme. Alongside their changing exhibitions the Heritage Trust have an archive of several thousand local images accessible to visitors and Trust members produce books,videos,pamphlets and a local Stockport Heritage Magazine. They are also involved in events, giving walks,talks and outreach on local heritage, including civic award schemes and committees on tourism and conservation.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18361342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361342" title="Zenjino Station">
Zenjino Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18361343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361343" title="Charles Hotchkiss Norton">
Charles Hotchkiss Norton

Charles Hotchkiss Norton (November 23, 1851, Plainville, Connecticut – October 27, 1942, Plainville, Connecticut) was an American mechanical engineer and designer of machine tools.
After working for the Seth Thomas Clock company in Thomaston, in 1886 Norton became Assistant Engineer with the Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company at Providence, Rhode Island, redesigning their universal grinding machine. In 1890 he became a partner in the newly established Leland, Faulconer & Norton Company at Detroit, Michigan, designing and constructing machine tools. Returning to Brown & Sharpe in 1896, he designed a grinding machine with larger and heavier grinding wheels, capable of supplying machine parts for the emerging automobile industry. In 1900 he left Brown & Sharpe to found the Norton Grinding Company in Worcester, Massachusetts with support from the Norton Emery Wheel Company (founded by an unrelated Norton); the two firms merged in 1919, with Norton as their Chief Engineer until 1934, when he became their Consulting Engineer. On April 8, 1925, he was a recipient of The John Scott Medal and Premium for his invention of "accurate grinding devices of high power".
Charles H. Norton House, the house in Plainville in which Norton lived until his death in 1942, is today a National Historic Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="18361351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361351" title="The Mucker (novel)">
The Mucker (novel)

The Mucker is a novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs. Originally two stories, "The Mucker" begun in August 1913 and published by "All-Story Weekly" in October and November 1914; and "The Return of the Mucker" begun in January 1916 and published by "All-Story Weekly" in June and July 1916. The book version was first published by A. C. McClurg on . From January 1922 to August 1939, Methuen (UK) published a version of "The Return of the Mucker" under the title "The Man Without A Soul". 
In 1917, Burroughs wrote a third Mucker story entitled "The Oakdale Affair" featuring the "Return of The Mucker" sidekick, Bridge. The story was serialized the next year. In 2008, Leonaur Ltd. published all three stories in the Mucker "trilogy" in a collected volume entitled "The Complete Mucker".
Plot summary.
Billy Byrne is a low class American born in Chicago's ghetto. He grows up a thief and a mugger. "Billy was a mucker, a hoodlum, a gangster, a thug, a tough." He is not chivalrous nor kind, and has only meager ethics - never giving evidence against a friend or leaving someone behind. He chooses a life of robbery and violence, disrespecting those who work for a living. He has a deep hatred for wealthy society.
He trains as a prizefighter but can not stop drinking. When falsely accused of murder, he flees to San Francisco and is shanghaied aboard a ship. Ironically, enforced sobriety, brutal ship's discipline and productive work improves him. The ship's secret mission is soon enacted - the hijacking of a specific yacht to take a millionaire's daughter, Barbara Harding, for ransom. Billy Byrne brutally beats her suitor, Billy Mallory, leaving him for dead.
"He knew that she looked down upon him as an inferior being. She was of the class that addressed those in his walk of life as 'my man.'" After Barbara confronts him and calls him a coward, a change begins in Billy Byrne. He saves the life of one kidnapper, Theriere, rather than letting him be washed overboard, though he cannot fathom his own reasons. After a terrible storm, the ship is damaged and only makes it to land with Billy's help at the wheel. He rescues Barbara from the wreck and brings her ashore. Barbara is kidnapped by headhunters descended from medieval Japanese. Byrne and Theriere race to rescue her from the daimyo's hut in the middle of the village, but Theriere is fatally wounded in the escape.
Billy protects Barbara from the jungle for weeks while his own wounds heal. After realizing he's in love with her, he agrees to let her teach him how to speak properly. When he is again wounded while rescuing two of her father's ships officers from savages, she confesses her love for him also. Learning that Mallory is still alive, and being held by the headhunters along with her father, Billy sets off to free them. During their escape, Billy is severely injured. Certain he is mortally wounded, he sends Mr. Harding and Mallory to care for Barbara. However, the next day finds him clinging to life, and he slowly retraces his steps to where he left Barbara. Believing him dead, they have all left. Months later, he is picked up by a ship.
Upon returning to the States, Billy gets a job as a fighter. As he reads about his victory in the papers, he spots a small notice that Barbara's engagement to Mallory has been broken. Coincidentally, Barbara sees the news about Billy's fight, and sends for him. As he enters her father's posh home, he realizes that he can never fit in there. He explains that the gulf between them cannot be bridged, and that she and Mallory must marry.
PART TWO - The Return of the Mucker (or "The Man Without A Soul")
Billy returns to his old Chicago haunts intending to clear his name. His time with Barbara imbued him with faith in the law and justice. However, he soon realizes that the system is more interested in finding someone guilty than in finding the guilty party. Awaiting the verdict, he reads that Barbara and Mallory are about to marry. He is found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment.
Disillusioned, he jumps from the train carrying him to the state prison. He falls in with Bridge, a poetic gentleman tramp who refuses to turn him in after finding out he's on the lam. He and Bridge head south, pursued by a detective. To avoid capture, Billy determines to cross to Mexico, and Bridge elects to come along.
Mexico is torn by internal warfare, and they are quickly captured by a bandit general, Pesita. He hires Billy into his private army, but Bridge has to seek work at a nearby American ranch. The ranch is owned by Mr. Harding, who has foolishly brought his daughter Barbara to this unstable country, at her insistence, to escape questions about her cancelled marriage.
In the meantime, Billy is sent to case a garrisoned town to plan for Pesita's force to storm and rob the bank. Billy finds the layout trivial and stealthily robs it himself. Coincidentally, Bridge has been sent to the same town to collect the payroll from the bank. Bridge notices a figure on horseback as Billy leaves town. Bridge gives chase to the unknown horseman, and the two exchange fire before recognizing each other. Billy's horse is killed, so Bridge insists he take his ranch horse, Brazos, and escape before the garrison catches him.
Back at the American ranch, some hands spot a large American riding Brazos during a raid by Pesita. The foreman demands that Bridge explain, but he cannot without betraying Billy. All assume Bridge robbed the bank, and the foreman plans to turn him over to general Villa, who will hang him. Barbara helps him escape, but he is later captured. Barbara pays a shady native, Jose, to take a message to the unknown large American, asking him to aid the imprisoned Bridge.
Billy rescues Bridge from jail and they ride back to Pesita's headquarters. When Billy learns that Brazos belongs to an unnamed girl Bridge admires, he decided to return the horse regardless of his own safety. An errand for Pesita stops him at Jose's house, where he is captured by the American foreman and some of Villa's men. Knowing he robbed the bank, they secure him for the night at the ranch. Barbara comes to talk to the unknown American, and discovers Billy. She helps him to escape, and immediately afterward she is kidnapped.
Billy learns about the kidnapping and races back to the ranch. He and the American hands ride out to search for her. The Mexican hands decide to go into town, leaving only Mr. Harding and three servants. Pesita learns that the American ranch is ripe for a raid. Bridge overhears this, takes off to the ranch and organizes its pitiful defences.
Billy tracks Barbara to a native village and rescues her. They return to the ranch in time to save Bridge and Mr. Harding, and they all ride for the USA. At the border military compound, Billy tells Barbara he won't give her up again, and they plan to leave the country. Billy runs into the detective who had chased him, and finds out the guilty man has confessed and Billy himself has been pardoned. Mr. Harding, Barbara and Billy depart for New York, and Bridge returns to his vagabond life.
Criticism.
While "The Mucker" is a relatively obscure novel compared to the better-known science fiction and fantasy novels by Edgar Rice Burroughs, it is highly regarded by some Burroughs fans, including author Richard A. Lupoff, who placed it at fourth place on a reading list of essential Burroughs novels in his 1965 book "". Lupoff calls the novel "a most remarkable technical achievement" and states that "In a single book it is virtually a catalog of the pulps." However, Lupoff ranks "The Return of the Mucker" less highly (and criticizes it for its negative portrayal of Mexicans) and dismisses "The Oakdale Affair" as having little to recommend it.
Billy Byrne is an unusual Burroughs hero because he is not of genteel birth, does not come from a decent or even a sober family, has not been raised with morals and seems to have no inborn ideals or standards. His metamorphosis is due first to the harsh ship discipline, which breaks him of his alcoholism and shows him the satisfaction of honest work done well, and then due to his love for Barbara.
Copyright.
The copyright for this story has expired in the United States and, thus, now resides in the public domain there. The text is available via Project Gutenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18361363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361363" title="Concert Classics, Vol. 4">
Concert Classics, Vol. 4

Concert Classics is an album recorded live by the British band UK.
Recorded in 1978 in Boston, Massachusetts. Released on CD in 1999. This album was also re-released in Japan on CD in 2007 as "Live In Boston". It has also been released as "Live In America". On those later editions the sleeve notes date the concert as September 11, 1978 performed at Paradise Theatre, Boston. However, that date is wrong. It was July 11, 1978. There is no specific date given at all on the Concert Classics edition. 
The packaging for the Concert Classics, Vol 4 edition does not mention the piece "Presto Vivace" as being the opening part of the "In The Dead Of Night" track, although it is there. An even greater error is that the packaging, booklet, and CD label have omitted mention of "The Only Thing She Needs" as being track 3 (thus misidentifying the track numbers for the subsequent songs), even though it actually is included on the disc for a total of seven tracks (all labeling only shows six tracks). 
This album was released without the approval of the band.

</doc>
<doc id="18361366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361366" title="Clare Grant">
Clare Grant

Clare Grant (born August 23, 1979) is an American actress, voice actress, and producer.
Early life.
While growing up in Memphis, Grant voiced many radio commercials, sang competitively and began acting in local theater productions. She is the oldest of eight siblings and is named after her father, Clarence, who was a popular local Memphis DJ. Her mother Glenna is a real estate agent. To support herself through college, Grant modeled through Elite Model Management in Miami, Florida and subsequently modeled in Europe on several campaigns, including L'Oréal.
Career.
Film work.
After booking the first film she auditioned for, a small but pivotal role in "Walk the Line", romantically opposite Joaquin Phoenix, Grant continued to star in several independent films while earning her BFA in Theater Performance at the University of Memphis before moving to Los Angeles. While in Memphis, she met director Craig Brewer who cast her as the lead in two of his indie films before casting her in the film "Black Snake Moan" as Christina Ricci's best friend, and later as the lead in his MTV series "$5 Cover". She then played the lead role of Megan Graves in comic book writer Brian Pulido's first independent feature film "The Graves", followed by the role of Beverly in the film ', directed by Matthew Mishory. In 2013, Grant played the lead role of Martha Collins in the film 'The Insomniac"", directed by Monty Miranda, and voiced Black Widow in the Marvel Animation movie "Iron Man: Rise of Technovore". Most recently, Clare joined an all-star cast in the upcoming feature, "Evil Nature", and the next Peter Bogdanovich produced film, "Phantom Halo". Both films set to release in 2014.
Television work.
Grant's first television role, was the lead role on the Emmy winning Showtime original series "Masters of Horror: Valerie on the Stairs", followed by the series lead role on the MTV series "$5 Cover", about the trials and tribulations of the current Memphis music scene, created by fellow Memphian Craig Brewer. Since then, Grant has appeared in guest starring roles on shows such as "" and "Warren the Ape". She does voices on "Robot Chicken", "MAD", originated a bounty hunter named on , and voices Titania on "Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H.".
In October 2006, after her role in "Masters of Horror: Valerie on the Stairs", she appeared as "Babe of the Month" in a non-nude pictorial in Playboy magazine.
In 2013, Adult Swim announced that Grant co-created and will be starring in and executive producing a pilot based on the webseries she co-created, Team Unicorn.
Other projects.
Grant and Rileah Vanderbilt, under their production company Danger Maiden Productions, created, produced, and starred in the short film "Saber", which won two awards at the 2009 Star Wars Fan Film Awards: Best Action and Audience Choice awards. In 2010, Grant and Vanderbilt began working with Michele Boyd and Milynn Sarley under the group name Team Unicorn. In its first week alone, the team’s first project, "G33k & G4m3r Girls", a parody of Katy Perry's "California Gurls" video, achieved over one million views. Stirring much controversy over its sexy portrayal of the women, "G33k & G4m3r Girls" is a "love letter" written by the girls that pays tribute to their shared mutual passion of gaming, manga, and science fiction. 
Grant continues to create viral videos with Danger Maiden and Team Unicorn. She guest-starred in the second season of the Jane Espenson-scripted romantic comedy web series "Husbands" and has also guest starred on popular geeky webseries such as "The Guild", "Save the Supers" and "Tabletop".
Personal life.
Grant first met actor Seth Green in 2006 at Golden Apple Comics and married him on May 1, 2010 in a private vineyard ceremony in Northern California, by Grant's long time friend and director, Craig Brewer.

</doc>
<doc id="18361372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361372" title="Lake Ter">
Lake Ter

Lake Ter is a small lake at Le Lieu, in the Vallée de Joux of the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="18361378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361378" title="Ida Galli">
Ida Galli

Ida Galli is an Italian film actress best known for her roles in spaghetti western and giallo films in the 1960s and 1970s. Galli has appeared under several pseudonyms, including Evelyn Stewart, Isli Oberon and Arianna.
Life and career.
Ida Galli was born in Sestola, Emilia-Romagna, Italy. Her date of birth has variously been given as 9 April 1942, and 8 October 1939. After finishing school, Galli moved to Rome to find work as an actress. Galli's first film appearance was in 1959's Piero Tellini-directed "Nel blu dipinto di blu", under the pseudonym Arianna. This role caught the attention of Federico Fellini, who cast Galli in a small part in his 1960 film "La dolce vita". Galli has since appeared in over forty-five film roles. One of her significant roles was the part of Carolina in Luchino Visconti's 1963 film adaptation of the novel "Il Gattopardo" ("The Leopard"). She last appeared in 1990's "Con i piedi per aria", directed by Vincenzo Verdecchi.
Although her early roles were usually billed by her real name, Galli mostly acted under the pseudonym Evelyn Stewart. However, her role in Mario Bava's 1963 film "La frusta e il corpo" was credited to the pseudonym Isli Oberon. 
Several of Galli's roles have been in the spaghetti western genre, beginning with "Un dollaro bucato", "Adiós gringo" and "Perché uccidi ancora" in 1965. Galli has also featured in several giallo films, including Lucio Fulci's "Sette note in nero", Umberto Lenzi's "Il coltello di ghiaccio" and Sergio Martino's "La coda dello scorpione". Enrico Lancia, author of the "Dizionario del cinema italiano" series, describes Galli as being at her best in dramatic roles, but notes that her largest success came as a result of adopting the Evelyn Stewart pseudonym and focussing on roles in genre films.

</doc>
<doc id="18361417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361417" title="Villike">
Villike

Villike () is a village in Mõniste Parish, Võru County, Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361423" title="Jacques de Meulles">
Jacques de Meulles

Jacques de Meulles, seigneur of La Source (died 1703), was intendant (1682–86) and interim governor general of New France. He was the son of Pierre de Meulles, king's councillor, treasurer-general of war supplies; d. 1703.
As chief administrator of the Colony, he issued playing cards as legal tender from 1684 onwards owing to a shortage of coins. The funds were used, in part, to pay soldiers who arrived in New France since 1665 to protect and built the colony.
He frequently came into conflict with Louis de Buade de Frontenac, the governor of New France, including a dispute over the siting of Quebec (Meulles wanted to rebuild it further into the lower-town). After his colonial career, he retired to Orléans.

</doc>
<doc id="18361435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361435" title="List of universities and colleges in Zamboanga City">
List of universities and colleges in Zamboanga City

This is a list of tertiary schools in Zamboanga City, Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="18361444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361444" title="BRP Gregorio del Pilar (PF-8)">
BRP Gregorio del Pilar (PF-8)

The BRP "Gregorio del Pilar" (PF-8) was an "Andres Bonifacio" class frigate of the Philippine Navy in commission from 1977 to 1990. She was one of six ex-United States Navy "Barnegat"-class seaplane tenders/ex-United States Coast Guard "Casco"-class high endurance cutters received from the United States after the Vietnam War, two of which were acquired to supply spare parts for the other four. She and her three commissioned sister ships were the largest Philippine Navy combat ships of their time.
History.
Construction and United States Navy service 1944-1946.
"Gregorio del Pilar" was laid down in the United States by Lake Washington Shipyard at Houghton, Washington, as the "Barnegat" class small seaplane tender USS "Wachapreague" (AVP-56), but was converted prior to completion into the motor torpedo boat tender USS "Wachapreague" (AGP-8). Commissioned into the U.S. Navy in May 1944, she served during World War II in the New Guinea campaign, the Philippines campaign, and the campaign in Borneo, and performed postwar service in Borneo. She was decommissioned in May 1946.
United States Coast Guard service 1946-1972.
In 1946, the U.S. Navy transferred "Wachapreague" to the United States Coast Guard, which commissioned her as the Coast Guard cutter USCGC "McCulloch" (WAVP-386). Reclassified as a high endurance cutter and redesignated WHEC-386 in 1966, "McCulloch" served for nearly 26 years, on patrol in ocean stations in the North Atlantic Ocean, reporting weather data and engaging in search-and-rescue and law-enforcement activities.
Republic of Vietnam Navy service 1972-1975.
Transferred to South Vietnam in 1972, she was commissioned as the patrol vessel RVNS "Ngo Quyen" (HQ-17). When South Vietnam collapsed at the end of the Vietnam War in late April 1975, "Tran Binh Trong" fled to Subic Bay in the Philippines, packed with South Vietnamese refugees. On 22 May 1975 and 23 May 1975, a U.S. Coast Guard team inspected "Ngo Quyen" and five of her sister ships, which also had fled to the Philippines in April 1975. One of the inspectors noted: "These vessels brought in several hundred refugees and are generally rat-infested. They are in a filthy, deplorable condition. Below decks generally would compare with a garbage scow."
Philippine Navy service 1977-1990.
After "Ngo Quyen" had been cleaned and repaired, the United States formally transferred her to the Republic of the Philippines on 5 April 1976, and was commissioned into the Philippine Navy as frigate RPS "Gregorio del Pilar" (PF-8), on 7 February 1977. On June 1980, she was renamed BRP "Gregorio del Pilar", and served in the Philippine Navy until she was decommissioned in June 1985. She was again recommissioned afterwards as BRP "Gregorio del Pilar" (PF-12), and due to the ship's poor condition she was finally decommissioned on April 1990.
"Gregorio del Pilar" was discarded on July 1990 and probably sold as scrap.
Technical details.
There were changes made to the "Andres Bonifacio" class as compared to their original design during its service with the US Navy, US Coast Guard and the Republic of Vietnam Navy. The ships were passed to the Philippine Navy with fewer weapons on-board and old surface search radars, and these were addressed later on by the Philippine Navy through modernization programs, including the addition of a helicopter landing pad in 1979.
The single Mk. 12 5-inch/38-caliber (127 mm) gun was "Andres Bonifacio"s primary weapon. It was mounted in a Mark 30 Mod 0 enclosed base ring and had a range of up to yards. The gun was a dual-purpose type, capable of both antisurface and antiair warfare. She also carried a two twin Mk. 1 Bofors 40mm L/60 anti-aircraft guns and two single Mk.3 Bofors 40mm L/60 anti-aircraft guns, four twin 20mm Oerlikon cannons, four M2 Browning .50-caliber (12.7-mm) general-purpose machine guns, and two 81mm mortars.
Radar system installed include the Sperry SPS-53 Surface Search & Navigation Radar replacing the previously installed AN/SPS-23, while retaining both the AN/SPS-29D Air Search Radar and Mk.26 Mod.1 Fire Control Radar System.
Hatch and Kirk, Inc, added a helicopter deck aft in 1979. Although the ship had no permanently assigned aircraft and could provide no servicing for visiting helicopters, the helicopter deck could accommodate a visiting MBB Bo 105C helicopter, used by the Philippine Navy for utility, scout, and maritime patrol purposes.
The ship was powered by two Fairbanks-Morse 38D diesel engines with a combined power of around 6,200 brake horsepower (4.63 megawatts) driving two propellers. The main engines could propel the 1,766-displacement-ton (standard load) ship at a maximum speed of around . She had a maximum range of at an economical speed of .
The Philippine Navy made plans to upgrade the entire ship class with new radar systems and the BGM-84 Harpoon long-range anti-ship cruise missile, but this did not materialize due to the worsening political and economic crisis in the Republic of the Philippines in the mid-1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18361449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361449" title="Vastse-Roosa">
Vastse-Roosa

Vastse-Roosa () is a village in Mõniste Parish, Võru County, Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361463" title="Peebu">
Peebu

Peebu is a settlement in Mõniste Parish, Võru County, Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361472" title="2008–09 Taça da Liga">
2008–09 Taça da Liga

The 2008–09 Taça da Liga was the second edition of the Taça da Liga, also known as "Carlsberg Cup" due to sponsorship reasons. The first matches were played on August 2, 2008, and the final was held on March 21, 2009, at the Estádio Algarve in Faro. Present for the second time in the final of this competition, Sporting Clube de Portugal were once again defeated 3–2 on penalties, this time by their Lisbon rivals S.L. Benfica.
Format.
After the first season, a change in the format was approved by the Portuguese League for Professional Football. The Cup began with a two-legged round between teams from Liga de Honra (2nd level). Winners were joined by the clubs classified 7th–14th from last season's Portuguese Liga (1st level) plus 2 promoted to this season's Liga. There were 6 groups of 3 teams each, and every team played 2 games (once home and once away). Winners of the groups joined the top-6 teams from the last season's Portuguese Liga and there were 3 groups of 4 teams, each team playing 3 games. Winners of the groups and the best second-placed team competed in the one-legged semifinals, with the winners advancing to the final.
Participating clubs.
This is a list of clubs participating in the 2008–09 Portuguese League Cup:
First round.
The matches were played on August 2 (first legs) and August 9 and 10, 2008 (second legs).
Second round.
The matches were played from August 16 to November 5, 2008.
Third round.
The matches were played from December 14, 2008 to January 18, 2009.
Semifinals.
The Semifinals were held as one-legged matches with the two teams that had the highest amount of points in the Third Round being given the home ground advantage. The draw was held at the LPFP headquarters on 20 January 2009, 12:30 UTC. The matches were played on 4 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18361479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361479" title="Tiitsa">
Tiitsa

Tiitsa is a settlement in Mõniste Parish, Võru County, Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361489" title="Giuseppe Addobbati">
Giuseppe Addobbati

Giuseppe Addobbati (December 31, 1909 – January 4, 1986) was an Italian film actor known for his roles in Spaghetti Western and action films in the 1960s and 1970s. He was often billed as John MacDouglas for films released to an American audience.
Addobbati was born in Macharscha (present-day Makarska), then part of Austria-Hungary, and later lived in Trieste. He made over 80 film appearances between 1937 and 1980 often as a police officer or law enforcer. He starred in films such as "The Phantom of the Opera" (1964), "Blood For A Silver Dollar" alongside Giuliano Gemma (Montgomery Wood) and in "The Conformist" (1970). 
He also made several horror film appearances such as "Nightmare Castle" in 1965 alongside Barbara Steele, Paul Muller, Helga Liné, Laurence Clift and Rik Battaglia

</doc>
<doc id="18361490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361490" title="Charlotteville (disambiguation)">
Charlotteville (disambiguation)

Charlotteville may refer to:
or one of a number of cities, towns, villages or hamlets in the United States, including:
These places have usually been named after Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, the queen consort of King George III of the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="18361495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361495" title="Laxmi Kanta Chawla">
Laxmi Kanta Chawla

Laxmi Kanta Chawla is a cabinet minister in present Punjab government and a member of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). She was a college lecturer before becoming the minister. She is the National Vice President of the Bharatiya Janata Party<http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/bjp-mp-navjot-sidhu-to-observe-fast-unto-death-from-tomorrow/1/312070.html>. She had health portfolio earlier and later social welfare portfolio in 2010. She was elected to state legislative assembly from Amritsar.

</doc>
<doc id="18361501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361501" title="WCKQ">
WCKQ

WCKQ (104.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Top-40 format. Licensed to Campbellsville, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Cbc of Marion & Taylor Counties Inc.
History.
The station went on the air as WTCO on 1979-01-17. on 1979-03-23, the station changed its call sign to WTCO-FM, 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18361506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361506" title="Tagakolga">
Tagakolga

Tagakolga is a settlement in Varstu Parish, Võru County, Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361508" title="WCLU-FM">
WCLU-FM

WCLU-FM (102.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Munfordville, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Bowling Green area. The station is currently owned by Royse Radio, Inc.
History.
The station went on the air as WLOC-FM on 2 April 1979. On 30 January 1996, the station changed its call sign to WMCC and on 15 May 1998 to the current WCLU,
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18361513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361513" title="Jacques Duchesneau de la Doussinière et d'Ambault">
Jacques Duchesneau de la Doussinière et d'Ambault

Jacques Duchesneau de la Doussinière et d'Ambault, chevalier (died 1696, Ambrault, near Issoudun, Berry), was intendant of New France from 1675 to 1682. His other offices included counsellor to His Majesty, treasurer of France, commissary for the generality of Tours c. 1664 and general of the king’s finances in Touraine. He was the son of Guillaume Chesneau, chevalier, seigneur, cup-bearer to the king, and of Anne de Lalande.

</doc>
<doc id="18361514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361514" title="WCLU (AM)">
WCLU (AM)

WCLU (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an Oldies format. Licensed to Glasgow, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Bowling Green area. The station is currently owned by Royse Radio, Inc..
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18361524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361524" title="Jean Bochart de Champigny">
Jean Bochart de Champigny

Jean Bochart de Champigny, Sieur de Noroy et de Verneuil, chevalier (after 1645 – December 1720, Havre-de-Grâce), was Superintendent of Finances (with Michel de Marillac) from 1624 to 1626 and intendant of New France from 1686 to 1702. He was the son of Jean Bochart de Champigny, intendant of Rouen, and Marie Boivin.

</doc>
<doc id="18361528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361528" title="WCND">
WCND

WCND (940 AM) is a radio station licensed to Shelbyville, Kentucky, USA. The station is owned by Birach Broadcasting Corporation.
The station had been off the air since at least August 2009. There is no publicly accessible record indicating that the owner of the station filed for authorization to maintain the license while remaining off the air.
On June 1, 2010 WCND returned to the air with a Regional Mexican format branded as "La Explosiva 940".
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18361532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361532" title="Kivioru">
Kivioru

Kivioru is a settlement in Misso Parish, Võru County, Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361533" title="WCPM">
WCPM

WCPM (1280 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country format. Licensed to Cumberland, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Cumberland City Broadcasting, Inc..
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18361538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361538" title="WCTT (AM)">
WCTT (AM)

WCTT (680 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Nostalgia format. Licensed to Corbin, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Encore Communications, Inc.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18361545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361545" title="WCTT-FM">
WCTT-FM

WCTT-FM (107.3 FM, "T-107") is a radio station broadcasting a CHR and rock music format. It is licensed to Corbin, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Encore Communications, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18361547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361547" title="Mares (surname)">
Mares (surname)

Mares is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18361550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361550" title="Baron Hirsch Cemetery">
Baron Hirsch Cemetery

Baron Hirsch Cemetery is a Jewish cemetery on Staten Island, New York setup by Maurice de Hirsch.
History.
In January, 1960, the cemetery drew national attention when 87 headstones were found with yellow paint used to write “Fuhrer,” and the German words for death and fatherland on gravestones bearing such Jewish symbols as the star of David. The incident and others led President Dwight D. Eisenhower to declare that freedom and decency could be destroyed everywhere if Americans ignored the "virus of bigotry” or permitted it “to spread one inch.” 
The cemetery is composed of numerous sections belonging to specific synagogues, Jewish associations, and, most commonly, landsmanshaftn. Each of these is entered, via a gate or pair of stone columns. Many of the landsmanshaftn have dedicated Holocaust monuments to the victims of the Nazis in their ancestral town, some examples 

</doc>
<doc id="18361592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361592" title="Tundu">
Tundu

Tundu is a settlement in Mõniste Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361602" title="Vladimir Titorenko">
Vladimir Titorenko

Vladimir Efimovich Titorenko (, born 1958) is a Russian diplomat and is a former Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Russian Federation to the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria.
He was the Russian Ambassador to Qatar.

</doc>
<doc id="18361616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361616" title="Flakk–Rørvik Ferry">
Flakk–Rørvik Ferry

The Flakk–Rørvik Ferry is an automobile ferry on Norwegian National Highway 715 that connects the peninsula of Fosen with Trondheim. The crossing of Trondheimfjord is performed with the two double-ended ferries MF "Fosen" and MF "Trondheim" and operated by Fosen Trafikklag, making 32 crossings each day each at 25 minutes. In 2007 the line had a daily ridership of 1815 people and 2081 vehicles. It is the fourth most trafficked car ferry line in Norway.
History.
The ferry line was created in 1978 when it replaced the Skansen–Vanvikan Ferry from 1955, that operated from downtown Trondheim. In 2005 the line was the first ferry to take into use the electronic toll collection system AutoPASS used on most toll roads in Norway.
In 2007 the Norwegian Public Roads Administration has made the line subject to public service obligation (PSO), the first contract to be valid from 1 January 2011 to 31 December 2018 with requirements to operate three liquefied natural gas ferries. Four bids were presented, with subsidy bids ranging from –355 million. Fjord1 MRF won the bid at NOK 32 million less than Fosen Trafikklag.
Fleet.
MF "Fosen" was launched from Fosen Mekaniske Verksted on 12 May 1989. The long ship has a capacity of 105 cars and 315 people.
MF "Trondheim" was launched from Fosen Mekaniske Verksted on 17 December 1992. The long ship has a capacity of 124 cars and 315 people.

</doc>
<doc id="18361619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361619" title="Leaving Your Body Map">
Leaving Your Body Map

Leaving Your Body Map is maudlin of the Well's third album, and was released alongside its companion album, "Bath", in 2001, shortly before their break-up.

</doc>
<doc id="18361622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361622" title="DriveSentry">
DriveSentry

DriveSentry is an antivirus program, developed by DriveSentry Inc, to protect Microsoft Windows users from malware. It is available free for personal (non commercial) use, though with restricted functionality.
Company overview.
DriveSentry Inc, founded in 2005, is a computer security company. Headquartered in Mountain View, California, the company also has major operations performed out of Nottingham, England. Originally centered around drive firewall technologies, DriveSentry Inc developed and patented the world's first firewall for disk drives. Since 2005, DriveSentry Inc has expanded into the competitive field of AntiVirus solutions.
Detection methods.
DriveSentry provides a realtime and on demand virus scanner, and uses the following methods to determine if an application contains a virus before allowing it to run:
DriveSentry partners with Offensive Computing and Frame4 Security Services to collect and analyse malware samples for the database list, partnering in this way ensures that the database is fed by multiple sources and therefore offers redundancy.
Although DriveSentry's basic features are available for free, its more "advanced features" such as automatically updating its white and blacklists have to be paid for via a one-off payment.
White/Blacklisting.
Articles in computing publications discussing new malware protection technologies - such as whitelisting - claim that traditional antivirus technologies are having an increasingly hard time keeping up with the latest virus, trojans and other malicious threats. The popularity of the Internet and the ease at which data can now spread, allows threats to propagate faster, requiring traditional antivirus products to play "catch-up" with new zero day threats. The techniques of using white/blacklisting and community feedback, "may" offer greater security
However, this functionality does come at a cost - specifically, whitelisting only allows pre-vetted software to be executed, and prevents all other software from running, even if it is harmless. DriveSentry avoids this issue by allowing the user to be prompted if programs don't appear in the black or whitelist. This then forces responsibility on the end user to determine what is good or bad. DriveSentry attempts to help the user by monitoring the action of the program and calculating and displaying a threat rating.
Furthermore, malicious software which has been included on the whitelist can still be executed.

</doc>
<doc id="18361624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361624" title="Tursa">
Tursa

Tursa is a settlement in Mõniste Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361634" title="Tõrvase">
Tõrvase

Tõrvase is a settlement in Taheva Parish, Valga County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361636" title="Beauharnois">
Beauharnois

Beauharnois may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18361644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361644" title="Murati">
Murati

Murati is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361650" title="Billy Crook">
Billy Crook

Billy Crook may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18361652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361652" title="Kimalase">
Kimalase

Kimalase is a settlement in Misso Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361670" title="Spirit Dreams Inside (Another Dream)">
Spirit Dreams Inside (Another Dream)

"Spirit Dreams Inside -Another Dream-" is the twenty-second single by L'Arc-en-Ciel, released on September 5, 2001. "Spirit Dreams Inside -Another Dream-" is the Japanese-language version of the b-side, "Spirit Dreams Inside". It was their first single of the 21st century and they did not produce another until 2004, when "Ready Steady Go" was released. "Spirit Dreams Inside" was used as the closing theme of "". It debuted at number 1 on the Oricon chart, selling over 201,000 copies in its initial week.

</doc>
<doc id="18361682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361682" title="WCWC">
WCWC

WCWC (1430 AM) is a radio station licensed to Williamsburg, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Whitley County Board of Education.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18361685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361685" title="Newcomer">
Newcomer

A newcomer is someone who has recently arrived or recently joined a group.
Newcomer may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18361699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361699" title="WCYN (AM)">
WCYN (AM)

WCYN (1400 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Cynthiana, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Lexington area. The station is currently owned by Wcyn Broadcasting, Inc..
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18361708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361708" title="Charlottesville (disambiguation)">
Charlottesville (disambiguation)

Charlottesville may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18361711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361711" title="Spilve">
Spilve

Spilve may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18361730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361730" title="Honorific nicknames in popular music">
Honorific nicknames in popular music

Honorific nicknames in popular music are often religious, familial, or (most frequently) royal and aristocratic in nature and are used as a form of expression in the media, or to identify the significance of an artist by fans. Honorific nicknames were used in classical music in Europe as early as the early nineteenth century, with figures like Mozart being called "The father of modern music" and Bach "The father of modern piano music". They were also particularly prominent in African American culture in the post-Civil War era, perhaps as a means of conferring status that had been negated by slavery, and as a result entered early jazz and blues music, including figures such as Duke Ellington and Count Basie.
In American culture, despite its republican constitution and ideology, honorific nicknames have been used to describe leading figures in various areas of activity, such as industry, commerce, sport and the media; "father" or "mother" have been used for innovators, and royal titles like "king" and "queen" for dominant figures in a field. In the 1930s and 1940s, as jazz and swing music were gaining popularity, it was the more commercially successful white artists Paul Whiteman and Benny Goodman who became known as "The King of Jazz" and "The King of Swing" respectively, despite such genres of music originating from African American culture. These patterns of naming were transferred to rock and roll when it emerged in the 1950s. There was a series of attempts to find (and a number of claimants to be) the "King of Rock 'n' Roll", a title that became most associated with Elvis Presley. This has been seen as part of a process of the appropriation of credit for innovation of the then new music by a white establishment. Different honorifics have been taken or given for other leading figures in the genre, such as "The Architect of Rock and Roll", by Little Richard from the 1990s, but this term, like many, is also used for other important figures, in this case including pioneer electric guitarist Les Paul.
Similar honorific nicknames have been given in other genres, including Aretha Franklin, who was literally crowned "Queen of Soul" by disk jockey Pervis Spann on stage in 1968. Other nicknames have been adopted in direct emulation of these, including Michael Jackson's title "King of Pop" from 1989. Honorific nicknames are often part of a process of marketing and may be adopted or dropped by the press and fans over time. They have been strongly promulgated and contested by various artists and occasionally disowned or played down by their subjects. Some notable honorific nicknames are in general usage and commonly identified with particular individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="18361733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361733" title="Rapid transit">
Rapid transit

Rapid transit is a type of high-capacity public transport generally found in urban areas. Unlike buses and trams, rapid transit systems operate on an exclusive right-of-way which is usually grade separated in tunnels or elevated railways.
Modern services on rapid transit systems are provided on designated lines between stations typically using electric multiple units on rail tracks, although some systems use guided rubber tyres, magnetic levitation, or monorail. The stations typically have high platforms, without steps inside the trains, requiring custom-made trains in order to avoid gaps. They are typically integrated with other public transport and often operated by the same public transport authorities, but does not exclude a fully segregated light rail transit. It is unchallenged in its ability to transport large amounts of people quickly over short distances with little use of land. Variations of rapid transit include people movers, small-scale light metro, and the commuter rail hybrid S-Bahn.
The first rapid-transit system was the partially underground Metropolitan Railway which opened in 1863, and now forms part of the London Underground. In 1868, New York opened the elevated West Side and Yonkers Patent Railway, initially a cable-hauled line utilising static steam engines.
The world's largest rapid transit system by both length of routes (including non-revenue track) and number of stations is the New York City Subway; by length of passenger lines, the largest are the Seoul Metropolitan Subway, Beijing Subway, Shanghai Metro and London Underground. The busiest metro systems in the world by daily and annual ridership are the Tokyo subway system, the Seoul Metropolitan Subway, and the Moscow Metro.
Terminology.
"Metro" is the most common term for underground rapid transit systems. Rapid transit systems may be named after the medium through which their busier inner-city sections travel; the use of tunnels inspires names such as "subway", "underground", "Untergrundbahn (U-Bahn)" in German, or "Tunnelbana (T-bana)" in Swedish; the use of viaducts inspires names such as "elevated" ("el" or "L"), "skytrain", "overhead", or "overground". One of these terms may apply to an entire system, even if a large part of the network (for example, in outer suburbs) runs at ground level.
In most of Britain, a "subway" is a pedestrian underpass; the terms "Underground" and "Tube" are used for the London Underground, and the Tyne and Wear Metro, mostly overground, is known as the "Metro". In Scotland, however, the Glasgow Subway underground rapid transit system is known as the "Subway".
History.
The opening in 1863 of the steam hauled Metropolitan Railway marked the beginning of rapid transit. Initial experiences with steam engines, despite ventilation, were unpleasant. Experiments with pneumatic railways failed in their extended adoption by cities. Electric traction was more efficient, faster and cleaner than steam and the natural choice for trains running in tunnels and proved superior for elevated services. In 1890 the City & South London Railway in London was the first electric traction rapid transit railway, which was also fully underground. Both railways were eventually merged into London Underground. The 1893 Liverpool Overhead Railway was designed to be electric traction from the outset.
The technology quickly spread to other cities in Europe and the United States with some railways being converted from steam and others being designed to be electric from the outset. Budapest in Hungary and Glasgow, Chicago and New York all converted or purpose designed and built electric rail services. There were 19 systems by 1940, and 66 by 1984. Cities such as Oslo and Marseille opened extensive systems in the 1960s and many new systems were introduced in Southeast Asia and Latin America.
Advancements in technology have allowed new automated services. Hybrid solutions have also evolved, such as tram-train and premetro, which incorporate some of the features of rapid transit systems. In response to cost, engineering considerations and topological challenges some cities have opted to construct trams systems.
Operation.
Rapid transit is used in cities, agglomerations, and metropolitan areas to transport large numbers of people often short distances at high frequency. The extent of the rapid transit system varies greatly between cities, with several transport strategies.
Some systems may extend only to the limits of the inner city, or to its inner ring of suburbs with trains making frequent station stops. The outer suburbs may then be reached by a separate commuter rail network where more widely spaced stations allow higher speeds. In some cases the differences between urban rapid transit and suburban systems are not clear.
Rapid transit systems may be supplemented by other systems such as buses, trams, or commuter rail. This combination of transit modes serves to offset certain limitations of rapid transit such as limited stops and long walking distances between outside access points. Bus or tram feeder systems transport people to rapid transit stops. In Toronto, over 50% of its rapid transit stations have bus and streetcar terminals within the fare-paid zone, providing a connection without requiring proof of payment.
Lines.
Each rapid transit system consists of one or more lines. Each line is serviced by at least one specific route with trains stopping at all or some of the line's stations. Most systems operate several routes, and distinguish them by colors, names, numbering, or a combination thereof. Some lines may share track with each other for a portion of their route or operate solely on their own right-of-way. Often a line running through the city center forks into two or more branches in the suburbs, allowing a higher service frequency in the center. This arrangement is used by many systems, such as the Copenhagen Metro and the New York City Subway.
Alternatively, there may be a single central terminal (often shared with the central railway station), or multiple interchange stations between lines in the city centre, for instance in the Prague Metro. The London Underground and Paris Métro are densely built systems with a matrix of crisscrossing lines throughout the cities. The Chicago 'L' has most of its lines converging on The Loop, the main business, financial, and cultural area. Some systems have a circular line around the city center connecting to radially arranged outward lines, such as the Moscow Metro's Koltsevaya Line and Tokyo's Yamanote Line.
The capacity of a line is obtained by multiplying the car capacity, the train length, and the service frequency. Heavy rapid transit trains might have six to twelve cars, while lighter systems may use four or fewer. Cars have a capacity of 100 to 150 passengers, varying with the seated to standing ratio—more standing gives higher capacity. Bilevel cars, used mostly on German S-Bahn type systems, have more space, allowing the higher seated capacity needed on longer journeys. The minimum time interval between trains is shorter for rapid transit than for mainline railways owing to the use of block signaling: the minimum headway might be 90 seconds, which might be limited to 120 seconds to allow for recovery from delays. Typical capacity lines allow 1,200 people per train, giving 36,000 people per hour. The highest attained capacity is 80,000 people per hour by the MTR Corporation in Hong Kong.
Passenger information.
Rapid transit operators have often built up strong brands. The use of a single letter as a station sign has become widespread, with systems identified by the letters L, M, S, T and U, among others.In the Singapore MRT, each station was assigned a unique alphanumeric symbol. E.g: EW26 Lakeside (26th station on the East West Line). Interchange stations will then have at least two codes. For example, HarbourFront will have two codes, NE1, 1st station on the North East Line section and CC29, 29th station on the Circle Line section. (NE1/CC29 HarbourFront)
Branding has focused on easy recognition—to allow quick identification even in the vast array of signage found in large cities—combined with the desire to communicate speed, safety, and authority.
In many cities, there is a single corporate image for the entire transit authority, but the rapid transit uses its own logo that fits into the profile. 
A transit map is a topological map or schematic diagram used to show the routes and stations in a public transport system. The main components are color-coded lines to indicate each line or service, with named icons to indicate stations. Maps may show only rapid transit or also include other modes of public transport.
Transit maps can be found in transit vehicles, on platforms, elsewhere in stations, and in printed timetables. Maps help users understand the interconnections among parts of the system; for example, they show the interchange stations where passengers can transfer between lines. Unlike conventional maps, transit maps are usually not geographically accurate, but emphasize the topological connections among the different stations. The graphic presentation may use straight lines and fixed angles, and often a fixed minimum distance between stations, to simplify the display of the transit network. Often this has the effect of compressing the distance between stations in the outer area of the system, and expanding distances between those close to the center.
Timetables are typically only published if the service frequency is so low that passengers can profitably time their arrival at the station; if the service is frequent enough (say 6 or more trains an hour) passengers will never have to wait long and will not need a timetable.
With widespread use of the Internet and cellphones in many countries, transit operators now use these technologies to present information to their users. In addition to online maps and timetables, some transit operators now offer real-time information which allows passengers to know when the next vehicle will arrive, and expected travel times. The standardized GTFS data format for transit information allows many third-party software developers to produce web and smartphone app programs which give passengers customized updates regarding specific transit lines and stations of interest.
Safety and security.
Compared to other modes of transport, rapid transit has a good safety record, with few accidents. Rail transport is subject to strict safety regulations, with requirements for procedure and maintenance to minimize risk. Head-on collisions are rare due to use of double track, and low operating speeds reduce the occurrence and severity of rear-end collisions and derailments. Fire is more of a danger underground, such as the King's Cross fire in London in November 1987, which killed 31 people. Systems are generally built to allow evacuation of trains at many places throughout the system. The high platforms (usually over 1 meter/over 3 feet) is a safety risk, as people falling onto the tracks have trouble climbing back.
Rapid transit facilities are public spaces and may suffer from security problems: petty crimes, such as pickpocketing and baggage theft, and more serious violent crimes. Security measures include video surveillance, security guards, and conductors. In some countries a transit police may be established. These security measures are normally integrated with measures to protect revenue by checking that passengers are not travelling without paying. Rapid transit systems have been subject to terrorism with many casualties, such as the 1995 Tokyo subway sarin gas attack and the 2005 7/7 terrorist bombings on the London Underground.
Infrastructure.
Most rapid transit trains are electric multiple units with lengths from three to over ten cars. Power is commonly delivered by a third rail or by overhead wires. The whole London Underground network uses fourth rail and others use the linear motor for propulsion. Most run on conventional steel railway tracks, although some use rubber tires, such as the Montreal Metro and Mexico City Metro and some lines in the Paris Métro. Rubber tires allow steeper gradients and a softer ride, but have higher maintenance costs and are less energy efficient. They also lose traction when weather conditions are wet or icy, preventing above-ground use of the Montréal Metro but not rubber-tired systems in other cities. Crew sizes have decreased throughout history, with some modern systems now running completely unstaffed trains. Other trains continue to have drivers, even if their only role in normal operation is to open and close the doors of the trains at stations.
Guideway types.
Underground tunnels move traffic away from street level, avoiding delays caused by traffic congestion and leaving more land available for buildings and other uses. In areas of high land prices and dense land use, tunnels may be the only economic route for mass transportation. Cut-and-cover tunnels are constructed by digging up city streets, which are then rebuilt over the tunnel; alternatively, tunnel-boring machines can be used to dig deep-bore tunnels that lie further down in bedrock.
Street-level railways are used only outside dense areas, since they create a physical barrier that hinders the flow of people and vehicles across their path. This method of construction is the cheapest as long as land values are low. It is often used for new systems in areas that are planned to fill up with buildings after the line is built. Surface-level systems may have dedicated rights-of-way, or may operate by street running in mixed traffic.
Elevated railways are a cheaper and easier way to build an exclusive right-of-way without digging expensive tunnels or creating barriers. In addition to street level railways they may also be the only other feasible alternative due to considerations such as a high water table close to the city surface that raises the cost of, or even precludes underground railways (e.g. Miami). Elevated guideways were popular around the beginning of the 20th century, but fell out of favor; they came back into fashion in the last quarter of the century—often in combination with driverless systems, for instance Vancouver's SkyTrain, London's Docklands Light Railway, the Miami Metrorail, and the Bangkok Skytrain.
People mover systems are self-contained rapid transit systems serving relatively small areas such as airports, downtown (central) districts or theme parks, either as independent systems or as shuttle services feeding other transport systems. They are usually driverless and normally elevated. Monorails have been built as both conventional rapid transits and as people movers, either elevated or underground. They are in commercial use in several places, including Germany, Japan and many international airports.
Light metro is used when the speed of rapid transit is desired, but for smaller passenger numbers. It often has smaller trains, of typically two to four cars, lower frequency and longer distances between stations, though it remains grade separated. Light metros are sometimes used as shuttles feeding into the main rapid transit system. Some systems have been built from scratch, others are former commuter rail or suburban tramway systems that have been upgraded, and often supplemented with an underground or elevated downtown section.
Stations.
Stations function as hubs to allow passengers to board and disembark from trains. They are also payment checkpoints and allow passengers to transfer between modes of transport, for instance to buses or other trains. Access is provided via either island- or side platforms. Underground stations, especially deep-level ones, increase the overall transport time: long escalator rides to the platforms mean that the stations can become bottlenecks if not adequately built. Some underground stations are integrated into shopping centers, or have underground access to large nearby commercial buildings. In suburbs, there may be a "park and ride" connected to the station.
To allow easy access to the trains, the platform height allows step-free access between platform and train. If the station complies with accessibility standards, it allows both disabled people and those with wheeled baggage easy access to the trains, though if the track is curved there can be a gap between the train and platform. Some stations use platform screen doors to increase safety by preventing people falling onto the tracks, as well as reducing ventilation costs.
The deepest station in the world is Arsenalna station in Kiev, Ukraine.
Particularly in the former Soviet Union and other Eastern European countries, but to an increasing extent elsewhere, the stations were built with splendid decorations such as marble walls, polished granite floors and mosaics—thus exposing the public to art in their everyday life, outside galleries and museums. The systems in Moscow, St. Petersburg, Tashkent and Kiev are widely regarded as some of the most beautiful in the world. Several other cities such as Stockholm, Montreal, Lisbon, Naples and Los Angeles have also focused on art, which may range from decorative wall claddings, to large, flamboyant artistic schemes integrated with station architecture, to displays of ancient artifacts recovered during station construction. It may be possible to profit by attracting more passengers by spending relatively small amounts on grand architecture, art, cleanliness, accessibility, lighting and a feeling of safety.
Modal tradeoffs and interconnections.
Since the 1980s trams have incorporated several features of rapid transit: light rail systems (trams) run on their own rights-of-way, thus avoiding congestion; they remain on the same level as buses and cars. Some light rail systems have elevated or underground sections. Both new and upgraded tram systems allow faster speed and higher capacity, and are a cheap alternative to construction of rapid transit, especially in smaller cities.
A premetro design means that an underground rapid transit system is built in the city centre, but only a light rail or tram system in the suburbs. Conversely, other cities have opted to build a full metro in the suburbs, but run trams in city streets to save the cost of expensive tunnels. In North America, interurbans were constructed as street-running suburban trams, without the grade-separation of rapid transit. Premetros also allow a gradual upgrade of existing tramways to rapid transit, thus spreading the investment costs over time. They are most common in Germany with the name Stadtbahn.
Suburban commuter rail is a heavy rail system that operates at a lower frequency than urban rapid transit, with higher average speeds, often only serving one station in each village and town. Commuter rails of some cities (such as German S-Bahns, Chennai rail, Australian cityrails, Danish S-tog etc.) widely provide a mass transit within city as urban metro systems. As opposition, in some cities (such as PATH in New York, Dubai Metro, Los Teques Metro, Tyne & Wear Metro, MetroSur and other lines of Madrid Metro, Singapore MRT, Taipei Metro, Kuala Lumpur's RapidKL Light Rail Transit etc.) the mainly urban rapid transit systems branch out to the nearest suburbs.
Some cities have opted for a hybrid solution, with two tiers of rapid transit: an urban system (such as the Paris Métro, Berlin U-Bahn, London Underground) and a suburban system with lower frequency (such as their counterparts RER, S-Bahn, future Crossrail, respectively). The suburban systems run on their own tracks with high frequency, but are often quite similar to commuter rail, and are often operated by the national railways. In some cities the national railway runs through tunnels in the city centre; sometimes commuter trains have direct transfer to the rapid transit system, on the same or adjoining platforms. California's BART system functions as a hybrid of the two: in the suburbs, it functions like a commuter rail, with longer trains, longer intervals, and longer distance between stations; in downtown San Francisco, many lines join and intervals drop to normal subway levels, and stations become closer together. Also, some other urban or "near urban" rapid transit systems (Guangfo Metro, East Rail Line in Hong Kong, Seoul Subway Line 1, etc.) serves the bi- and multi-nucleus agglomerations.
Costs, benefits, and impacts.
, 184 cities have built rapid transit systems. The capital cost is high, as is the risk of cost overrun and benefit shortfall; public financing is normally required. Rapid transit is sometimes seen as an alternative to an extensive road transport system with many motorways; the rapid transit system allows higher capacity with less land use, less environmental impact, and a lower cost.
Elevated or underground systems in city centers allow the transport of people without occupying expensive land, and permit the city to develop compactly without physical barriers. Motorways often depress nearby residential land values, but proximity to a rapid transit station often triggers commercial and residential growth, with large transit oriented development office and housing blocks being constructed. Also, an efficient transit system can decrease the economic welfare loss caused by the increase of population density in a metropolis.
Rapid transit systems have high fixed costs. Most systems are publicly owned, by either local governments, transit authorities or national governments. Capital investments are often partially or completely financed by taxation, rather than by passenger fares, but must often compete with funding for roads. The transit systems may be operated by the owner or by a private company through a public service obligation. The owners of the systems often also own the connecting bus or rail systems, or are members of the local transport association, allowing for free transfers between modes. Almost all transit systems operate at a deficit, requiring fare revenue, advertising and subsidies to cover costs.
The farebox recovery ratio, a ratio of ticket income to operating costs, is often used to assess operational profitability, with some systems including Hong Kong's MTR Corporation, and Taipei achieving recovery ratios of well over 100%. This ignores both heavy capital costs incurred in building the system, which are often subsidized with soft loans and whose servicing is excluded from calculations of profitability, as well as ancillary revenue such as income from real estate portfolios. Some metros, including Hong Kong, are even financed by the sale of land whose value has been increased by the building of the system, a process known as value capture.
Environmental impacts.
The Delhi Metro has won awards for environmentally friendly practices from organisations including the United Nations, RINA, and the International Organization for Standardization, becoming the second metro in the world, after the New York City Subway, to be ISO 14001 certified for environmentally friendly construction. It is also the first railway project in the world to earn carbon credits after being registered with the United Nations under the Clean Development Mechanism, and has so far earned more than 400,000 carbon credits by saving energy through the use of regenerative braking systems on its trains. In order to reduce its dependence on non-renewable sources of energy, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation is looking forward to harness solar energy and install solar panels in some of its metro stations.

</doc>
<doc id="18361754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361754" title="Luis Ladaria Ferrer">
Luis Ladaria Ferrer

Luis Francisco Ladaria Ferrer, S.J.(born 19 April 1944) is a Spanish Jesuit archbishop. He currently serves as Secretary of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith in the Roman Curia, while still teaching at the Pontifical Gregorian University (where he resides) and remaining an active member of the International Theological Commission.
Luis Ladaria Ferrer was born in Manacor, on the island of Majorca, Spain and studied at the University of Madrid, graduating with a degree in law in 1966. He entered the Society of Jesus on 17 October 1966. After attending the Comillas Pontifical University in Madrid and the Sankt Georgen Graduate School of Philosophy and Theology in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, Ladaria was ordained to the priesthood on 29 July 1973.
In 1975 he obtained a doctorate in theology from the Pontifical Gregorian University, with a thesis entitled, "The Holy Spirit in St Hilary of Poitiers", and became professor of dogmatic theology at the Comillas Pontifical University. In 1984, he assumed the same position at the Pontifical Gregorian University of Rome, where he was vice-rector from 1986 to 1994. He became a member of the International Theological Commission in 1992 and a consultor of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith in 1995.
In March 2004, Ladaria Ferrer was named Secretary-General of the International Theological Commission and led the Commission's evaluation, beginning in 2006, of the concept of limbo, that is, of the fate of children who die without having received the sacrament of Baptism. The Commission concluded that there is hope that these children are able to receive salvation and enjoy the beatific vision.
On 9 July 2008, Ladaria Ferrer was appointed Secretary of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith and Titular Archbishop of "Thibica" by Pope Benedict XVI. He continued to be general secretary of the International Theological Commission until 22 April 2009, when he resigned and was succeeded by Charles Morerod, O.P.
His episcopal ordination took place on 26 July 2008 (the ordaining prelate being Tarcisio Cardinal Bertone, SDB his predecessor as Secretary of the Congregation and now Cardinal Secretary of State. The co-consecrators were the new Cardinal Prefect William Joseph Levada and Bishop Vincenzo Paglia, one of the founders of the Community of Sant'Egidio.
Ladaria Ferrer is considered to be theologically conservative, and subscribes to ressourcement, a return to earlier sources, traditions, and symbols of the Church. He also has a predilection for patrology and Christology. On 13 November 2008, he was appointed a consultor of the Congregation for Bishops and on 31 January 2009, a consultor of the Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity. [http://212.77.1.245/news_services/bulletin/news/23286.php?index=23286&po_date=31.01.2009&lang=en#NOMINA%20DI%20MEMBRO%20DELLA%20CONGREGAZIONE%20DELLE%20CAUSE%20DEI%20SANTI
He is a member of the Holy See's team charged with the dialogue with the Society of St. Pius X that began on 26 October 2009. The other members of the team are Father Charles Morerod, Monsignor Fernando Ocariz, Vicar General of Opus Dei, and then-Father Karl Josef Becker, S.J., consultor of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith. However in February 2011, Bernard Fellay, said that the reconciliation talks with the Vatican would soon be coming to an end, with little change in the views of either side. In addition to disputes over the changes introduced by the Second Vatican Council, new problems have been created by plans for the beatification of Pope John Paul II. Fellay said the scheduled beatification of Pope John Paul II on 1 May 2011 poses "a serious problem, the problem of a pontificate that caused things to proceed by leaps and bounds in the wrong direction, along 'progressive' lines, toward everything that they call 'the spirit of Vatican II.'"

</doc>
<doc id="18361785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361785" title="Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm (disambiguation)">
Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm (disambiguation)

Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm is a classic American children's novel by Kate Douglas Wiggin.
Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18361791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361791" title="Francis IV of Beauharnais">
Francis IV of Beauharnais

Francis IV of Beauharnais (1630 in Orléans – 1681 in Orléans), squire, sieur of la Grillère (at Vouzon, Loir-et-Cher) and sieur de la Boische, was a French nobleman. His father was Jean de Beauharnais (1606–1661), maître d'Hôtel ordinaire du roi (one of the seven children of Anne Brachet and her husband Francis II of Beauharnais). His mother was Marie Mallet, and he had 2 siblings.
In 1663 he married Marguerite Françoise Pivart de Chastullé - among their 14 children was the politician Claude de Beauharnais (1680–1738).
Francis IV of Beauharnais was one of the great-grandfathers of the family Eslandoost de Beauville.

</doc>
<doc id="18361797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361797" title="Olympiakos Neon Liosion">
Olympiakos Neon Liosion

Olympiakos Neon Liosion is a Greek football club based in Ilio. The team was founded in 1952, when the city was named Nea Liosia. The home stadium of the team is the National Sports Center Of Ilion.
History.
The first Chairman of Olympiakos Neon Liosion was N. Skarpelis. Some of his successors included Kostas Liosis, Vasilis Liosis, Giannis Pelekoudas, Theodonis, Oikonomopoulos, Tsigos, V. Papadakis, T. Marsonis, Manolitsis, V. Alatas, G. Politis, Giannis Charalabopoulos, and the current Chairman, Zaharias Chatzis.
They participated seven times in the Beta Ethniki between 1974 and 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18361803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361803" title="Kuutsi">
Kuutsi

Kuutsi () is a village in Mõniste Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361806" title="Addobbati">
Addobbati

Addobbati is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18361809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361809" title="Hintsiko">
Hintsiko

Hintsiko is a settlement in Varstu Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361810" title="Invidiousness">
Invidiousness


</doc>
<doc id="18361820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361820" title="90.1 Chilli FM">
90.1 Chilli FM

90.1 Chilli FM (callsign:7EX) is a radio station based in Launceston, Tasmania, Australia.
Originally broadcasting on 1008 kHz AM as 7EX, Launceston's second commercial radio station, the station converted to 90.1MHz FM in 2008.
Grant Broadcasters purchased the station from TOTE Sport Radio in December 2010 and re-launched the station as CHR Chilli FM on 26 January 2011.
On Air.
Weekdays:

</doc>
<doc id="18361821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361821" title="Ritsiko">
Ritsiko

Ritsiko is a settlement in Misso Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361822" title="Invidious">
Invidious


</doc>
<doc id="18361830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361830" title="Ashbury (band)">
Ashbury (band)

Ashbury was an Alternative rock band from Las Vegas. The members were vocalist Brian Lee, Bassist and back-up vocalist Jeremy Lee, guitarist Joey Resly, guitarist Lenny Lujan, and drummer Patrick Martens. They released four studio albums. The band broke up in 2009. 
Independent Success.
The band found success when they won both a local and the subsequent national "Have a Nice Gig" contest that Bon Jovi put on in 2006. After initially playing with Bon Jovi at MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Jon Bon Jovi personally invited Ashbury to open for Bon Jovi's July 19, 2006 show at Giants Stadium in New Jersey. A Las Vegas CBS radio station, Mix 94.1, put Ashbury on their rotation, where they were the most requested group for three weeks in a row. They also licensed the majority of their album "Complacency" to MTV, with their song "Come On" debuting on "The Hills" reality show in late 2006. They performed on national television for the Jerry Lewis MDA Telethon in 2006 and 2008. 
During the group's run it opened for artists such as Panic! at the Disco, Jewel, Live, Collective Soul, and Paramore.
Members.
Brian Lee - Vocalist
Jeremy Lee - Bassist
Joey Resly - Guitarist
Lenny Lujan - Guitarist
Patrick Martens - Drummer

</doc>
<doc id="18361841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361841" title="Paganamaa">
Paganamaa

Paganamaa is a settlement in Varstu Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361865" title="Saru, Estonia">
Saru, Estonia

Saru is a village in Mõniste Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361884" title="Mäemurati">
Mäemurati

Mäemurati is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361886" title="Trans-Swiss Trail">
Trans-Swiss Trail

Trans-Swiss Trail is a long-distance hiking trail in Switzerland. It starts in Porrentruy in the north near the French border, and cuts south over the Alps to finish in Lugano.
Passing through French, German and Italian-speaking areas of Switzerland, the route covers approximately 460km through a wide variety of landscapes, with altitudes between 235m (in Bellinzona) to over 2000m (on the Gotthard pass).
The route is marked with green signposts with the number "2", part of the new national signposting scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="18361901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361901" title="Laurimäe">
Laurimäe

Laurimae is a settlement in Varstu Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361907" title="Tullio Altamura">
Tullio Altamura

Tullio Altamura (born July 18, 1924) was an Italian film actor best known for his roles in Spaghetti Western and action films in the 1960s. 
He made 65 film appearances between 1957 and 1973. He starred in films such as "Blood For A Silver Dollar" alongside Giuliano Gemma (Montgomery Wood).

</doc>
<doc id="18361920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361920" title="WCYN-FM">
WCYN-FM

WCYN-FM (102.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an oldies format. Licensed to Cynthiana, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Lexington area. The station is currently owned by Cumulus Media.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18361928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361928" title="Huti">
Huti

Huti may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18361932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361932" title="Hüti, Võru County">
Hüti, Võru County

Hüti () is a village in Mõniste Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361951" title="WCYO">
WCYO

WCYO (100.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Irvine, Kentucky, USA, the station serves Richmond, Kentucky and surrounding communities, including Lexington. The station is currently owned by Wallingford Communications.
History.
The station went on the air as WCYO on 1988-03-24. on 1991-04-05, the station changed its call sign to the current WCYO.
On-air.
Karl Shannon & Company 6am-10am<br>
Midday Workday with Jason Bailey 10am-3pm<br>
The Drive Home with Steve Bentley 3pm-7pm<br>
Lia 7pm-12am (M-Thur,Sat)<br>
Classic Request Live with Ron Lykins 7p-12am (Fri)<br>
Retro Country USA 6am-8am Sun<br>
Country Gold with Randy Owen 8am-12pm Sun<br>
Rick Jackson's Country Classics 12pm-3pm Sun<br>
Steve Warren & The Country Oldies Show 3pm-5pm Sun<br>
Bluegrass Express with Charlie Hall 6pm-10pm Sun<br>
Into The Blue 10pm-11pm Sun<br>
Sports programming.
100.7 The Coyote is the flagship station for Eastern Kentucky University Colonels sports.

</doc>
<doc id="18361967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361967" title="Kuklase">
Kuklase

Kuklase is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18361974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361974" title="WDDJ">
WDDJ

WDDJ (96.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Paducah, Kentucky, USA. The station is owned by Bristol Broadcasting Company along with "twin stations" "Electric 94.9" in Tri-Cities, Tennessee/Virginia, and "Electric 102.7" in Charleston, West Virginia.
WDDJ broadcasts a Top 40 (CHR) music format. The station targets active young adult females ages 18 to 34.
History.
The station was assigned the callsign WPAD-FM on October 18, 1978. On March 1, 1980, the station changed its call sign to the current WDDJ.

</doc>
<doc id="18361984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361984" title="WDFB (AM)">
WDFB (AM)

WDFB (1170 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Religious format. Licensed to Junction City, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Daytime Only area. The station is currently owned by Alum Springs Vision & Outreach Corp.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18361993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18361993" title="Tsirgumäe">
Tsirgumäe

Tsirgumäe is a settlement in Taheva Parish, Valga County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362002" title="WDFB-FM">
WDFB-FM

WDFB-FM (88.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format. Licensed to Danville, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Alum Springs Educational Corporation.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18362003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362003" title="Jacks-Manning Farm">
Jacks-Manning Farm

The Jacks-Manning Farm, also known as the Vinton Farm was built around 1840 for Robert Jacks near Charles Town, West Virginia, in the Greek Revival style. Jacks had married Julia Davenport, a member of a prominent Jefferson County family. Their daughter, Rebecca Jacks, married Thomas J. Manning, and the property has remained in the hands of descendants of the Manning family. 

</doc>
<doc id="18362022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362022" title="Kalliküla">
Kalliküla

Kalliküla is a settlement in Taheva Parish, Valga County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362023" title="Princess Anne de Bauffremont-Courtenay">
Princess Anne de Bauffremont-Courtenay

Princess Anne de Bauffremont-Courtenay of France was born on 1 April 1919 in Paris. She was the daughter of Pierre d'Alcantara de Bauffremont, Prince-Duc de Bauffremont-Courtenay and Therese Chevrier. She died on 15 February 1945 at Ravensbrück concentration camp in Germany aged just 25. There is a plaque in her memory at the Picpus Cemetery in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18362030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362030" title="Lüütsepa">
Lüütsepa

Lüütsepa is a settlement in Varstu Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362039" title="Sénat conservateur">
Sénat conservateur

The Sénat conservateur was a body set up in France during the Consulate by the Constitution of the Year VIII. With the Tribunat and the Corps législatif, it formed one of the three legislative assemblies of the Consulate. The constitutions of Year X and Year XII (18 May 1804), instituting the First French Empire, did nothing but reinforce the importance of the Sénat conservateur.
History.
Guarding the constitution.
Set up under the direct influence of the regime's new master, First Consul Bonaparte, the Constitution of 22 frimaire year VIII (13 December 1799) was the first to recreate a senate. Bonaparte was to make this "Sénat conservateur", charged with watching over the survival of the Constitution, a key element in his regime. 
This first senate had to be made up of only 60 "inamovible" (immoveable, i.e. permanent) members, aged at least 40, to which had to be added two supplementary members every year for ten years, ending up with 20 supplementary members. There was no longer any question of elections (even indirect ones) to form this assembly. The Constitution provided for Sieyès and Roger Ducos, the outgoing second and third consuls, to become "ex officio" members of the Senate. In consultation with Cambacérès and Lebrun (the new second and third consuls directly designated by the Constitution), it also granted the outgoing consuls the privilege of choosing the majority of the Senate (i.e. 29 other senators). This majority then picked the rest of the members. The Senate thus recruited itself and subsequently replaced deceased members by choosing from among three candidates presented to it by the First Consul, the Tribunat and the Corps législatif.
The Napoleonic senate set itself up at the Luxembourg Palace, based in a semicircle of seats added to the central part of the building by the Palace's architect Chalgrin – in the words of the Constitution, "The sittings the Senate are not be public". The first Sénat conservateur included former members of the revolutionary assemblies (François de Neufchâteau, Garat, Lanjuinais), as well as scholars (Monge, Lagrange, Lacépède, Berthollet), philosophers (Cabanis), and even the explorer Bougainville and the painter Vien, member of the Institut.
The era of "Sénatus-consulte"s.
In year X (1802), a revision of the Constitution reinforced senators' positions. From then on the Senate would rule via acts having the force of law, known as "sénatus-consultes", in all matters unforeseen by the Constitution and which needed political action from the regime. The procedure was used, for example, for the 1802 amnesty for émigrés.
The number of senators rose to 120. First Consul Bonaparte directly controlled the Senate's activity and composition – he convened it, presided over it, reserved the right to present it with its candidates, personally designated three candidates from the list of citizens elected by the electoral colleges and could also name senators of his own initiative.
A pampered elite.
In January 1803 Napoleon created the system of sénatoreries, which ensured the senators' complete compliance and docility. From June 1804 onwards, these were granted to 36 senators and made these senators regional "super-préfets". They gave these senators the right, during their own lifetime, to have a residential palace (a château or a former episcopal palace) and to annual revenue from 20,000 to 25,000 francs – doubling ordinary senatorial pay. For example, Berthollet received the sénatorerie of Montpellier, occupied the bishop's palace at Narbonne and received an annual revenue of 22,690 francs.
Rise and fall of an emperor.
The Constitution of the Year XII (1804) proclaimed the First French Empire and increased the Senate's dependency on Napoleon (now emperor) still more. Napoleon's rewards to his senators became more and more frequent, as did the senators' shows of allegiance to him. Thus, on 1 January 1806, in homage to these "sages de l’Empire" (wise-men of the Empire), the emperor granted the senators 54 enemy flags. The "sénateur maréchal d’Empire" Pérignon then enthusiastically proposed the construction of a triumphal arch to the glory of the emperor, a suggestion warmly backed by his colleagues, including senator Lacépède.
Napoléon summoned into the Senate the French princes, the Great Dignitatries and all his choicest friends, with no limit on numbers. He granted this to his brother Joseph, but also to Cambacérès, Chaptal, Fouché, Fontanes, Tronchet and generals such as Caulaincourt and Duroc. Laden with Napoleon's favours, the senators nonetheless proclaimed his fall on 3 April 1814 and summoned Louis XVIII to take the throne.

</doc>
<doc id="18362044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362044" title="Fox Lake, Montana">
Fox Lake, Montana

Fox Lake is a census-designated place (CDP) in Richland County, Montana, United States. The population was 158 at the 2010 census.
History.
Within the CDP, as well as the settlement of Fox Lake, is located the settlement of Lambert. Lambert was built as a station stop along the Great Northern Railway branch line extending west from Sidney, Montana. Due to the station's proximity to Fox Lake, the post office was originally named Fox Lake. The Lambert post office was established in 1914 with Edmund Bronson as the local postmaster.
Geography.
Fox Lake is located at (47.684208, -104.625103), west of Sidney on Montana Highway 200 near the Fox Lake Wildlife Management Area.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 5.7 square miles (14.8 km²), of which, 4.2 square miles (10.9 km²) of it is land and 1.5 square miles (3.9 km²) of it (26.14%) is water.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 157 people, 58 households, and 41 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 37.3 people per square mile (14.4/km²). There were 64 housing units at an average density of 15.2 per square mile (5.9/km²). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.73% White, and 1.27% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.27% of the population.
There were 58 households out of which 46.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.8% were married couples living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.3% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.39.
In the CDP the population was spread out with 36.9% under the age of 18, 2.5% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 17.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females there were 101.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.1 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $31,000, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $19,250 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $14,443. About 11.4% of families and 16.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 27.7% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty five or over.
Education.
Lambert Public Schools, Districts 4 and 86, operates an elementary, a junior, and a senior high school with a total student enrollment of 90 students in the community. For the purpose of inter-school athletic competition, the Montana High School Association classifies Lambert as a Class C school. The mascot for Lambert Public School athletic teams is the Lion.

</doc>
<doc id="18362045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362045" title="Utah State Route 231">
Utah State Route 231

Utah State Route 231 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18362051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362051" title="WDHR">
WDHR

WDHR (93.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Pikeville, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by East Kentucky Broadcasting and features programing from ABC Radio and Premiere Radio Networks.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18362060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362060" title="Mõniste">
Mõniste

Mõniste, formerly known by its German name Menzen, is a village in Mõniste Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362072" title="Missokülä">
Missokülä

Missoküla is a settlement in Misso Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362074" title="MS-13">
MS-13

Mara Salvatrucha (commonly abbreviated as MS, Mara, and MS-13) is a transnational criminal gang that originated in Los Angeles and has spread to other parts of the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Central America. The majority of the gang is ethnically composed of Central Americans and active in urban and suburban areas. In the U.S., the MS-13 has an especially heavy presence in Los Angeles County and the San Francisco Bay Area in Northern California; the Washington, D.C. metropolitan areas of Fairfax County, Virginia, Montgomery County, Maryland, and Prince George's County, Maryland; Long Island, New York; the Boston, Massachusetts area; Charlotte, North Carolina; and Houston, Texas. There is also a presence of MS-13 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Members of MS distinguish themselves by tattoos covering the body and also often the face, as well as the use of their own sign language. They are notorious for their use of violence and a subcultural moral code that predominantly consists of merciless revenge and cruel retributions.
This cruelty of the distinguished members of the "Maras" or "Mareros" earned them a path to be recruited by the Sinaloa Cartel battling against Los Zetas in an ongoing drug war south of the United States border. Their wide-ranging activities have drawn the attention of the FBI and Immigration and Customs Enforcement, who have initiated wide-scale raids against known and suspected gang members – netting hundreds of arrests across the country.
History.
The Mara Salvatrucha gang originated in Los Angeles, set up in the 1980s by Salvadoran immigrants in the city's Pico-Union neighborhood who immigrated to the United States after the Central American civil wars of the 1980s.
Originally, the gang's main purpose was to protect Salvadoran immigrants from other, more established gangs of Los Angeles, who were predominantly composed of Mexicans and African-Americans.
Many Mara Salvatrucha gang members from the Los Angeles area have been deported after being arrested. Namely, Jose Abrego, a high-ranking member, was deported four times. As a result of these deportations, members of MS have recruited more members in their home countries. The "Los Angeles Times" contends that deportation policies have contributed to the size and influence of the gang both in the United States and in Central America. According to the 2009 National Gang Threat Assessment, "The gang is estimated to have 30,000 to 50,000 members and associate members worldwide, 8,000 to 10,000 of whom reside in the United States."
In recent years the gang has expanded into the Washington, D.C. area; in particular the areas of Langley Park and Takoma Park, Maryland, near the Washington border, have become centers of MS gang activity.
In 2004, the US FBI started the MS-13 National Gang Task Force. The FBI also began teaming with law enforcement in El Salvador, Honduras, Guatemala, and Mexico.
In 2005, the office of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement started Operation Community Shield. By 2011, this operation had made over 20,000 arrests, including more than 3,000 arrests of alleged MS-13 members.
Etymology.
There is some dispute about the etymology of the name.
Some sources state the gang is named for La Mara, a street gang in San Salvador, and the Salvatrucha guerrillas who fought in the Salvadoran Civil War. Additionally, the word "mara" means gang in and is taken from "marabunta", the name of a fierce type of ant. "Salvatrucha" may be a combination of the words "Salvadoran" and "trucha", a Caliche word for being alert. The term, "Salvatruchas" has been explained as a reference to Salvadorian peasants trained to become guerrilla fighters, referred to as "Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front."
Illegal immigration and human smuggling.
According to "The Washington Times", MS "is thought to have established a major smuggling center" in Mexico. There were reports by the Minuteman Project that MS members were ordered to Arizona to target U.S. Border Patrol agents and Minuteman Project volunteers.
In 2005, Honduran Security Minister Oscar Alvarez and the President of El Salvador raised alarm by claiming that Muslim terrorist organisation Al-Qaeda was meeting with Mara Salvatrucha and other Central American gangs to help them infiltrate the United States. FBI agents said that the U.S. intelligence community and governments of several Central American countries found there is no basis to believe that MS is connected to Al-Qaeda or other Islamic radicals, although Alvarez did visit Central America to discuss the issue.
Robert Morales, a prosecutor for Guatemala, indicated to "The Globe and Mail" that some Central American gang members seek refugee status in Canada. Superintendent of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police integrated gang task force, John Robin, said in an interview that "I think members have a feeling that police here won't treat them in the harsh manner they get down there." Robin noted that Canadian authorities "want to avoid ending up like the U.S., which is dealing with the problem of Central American gangsters on a much bigger scale".
On the southern border of Mexico, the gang has unleashed violence against migrants.
Publicized crimes.
On July 13, 2003, Brenda Paz, a 17-year-old former MS member turned informant was found stabbed on the banks of the Shenandoah River in Virginia. Paz was killed for informing the FBI about Mara Salvatrucha's criminal activities. Two of her former friends were later convicted of the murder.
In 2004, the FBI created the MS National Gang Task Force. In 2005, the FBI helped create a National Gang Information Center and outlined a National Gang Strategy for Congress.
On December 23, 2004, one of the most widely publicized MS crimes in Central America occurred in Chamelecón, Honduras when an intercity bus was intercepted and sprayed with automatic gunfire, killing 28 civilian passengers, most of whom were women and children. MS organized the massacre as a protest against the Honduran government for proposing a restoration of the death penalty in Honduras. Six gunmen raked the bus with gunfire. As passengers screamed and ducked, another gunman climbed aboard and methodically executed passengers. In February 2007, Juan Carlos Miranda Bueso and Darwin Alexis Ramírez were found guilty of several crimes including murder and attempted murder. Ebert Anibal Rivera was held over the attack and was arrested after fleeing to Texas. Juan Bautista Jimenez, accused of masterminding the massacre, was killed in prison. According to the authorities, fellow MS-13 inmates hanged him. There was insufficient evidence to convict Óscar Fernando Mendoza and Wilson Geovany Gómez.
On May 13, 2006, Ernesto "Smokey" Miranda, a former high-ranking soldier and one of the founders of Mara Salvatrucha, was murdered at his home in El Salvador a few hours after declining to attend a party for a gang member who had just been released from prison. He had begun studying law and working to keep children out of gangs.
In 2007, Julio Chavez allegedly murdered a man because he was wearing a red sweatshirt and mistaken for a member of the Bloods gang.
On June 4, 2008, in Toronto, Ontario, police executed 22 search warrants, made 17 arrests and laid 63 charges following a five-month investigation.
On June 22, 2008, in San Francisco, California, a 21-year-old MS gang member, Edwin Ramos, shot and killed a father, Anthony Bologna, 48, and his two sons Michael, 20, and Matthew, 16, after their car briefly blocked Ramos from completing a left turn down a narrow street as they were returning home from a family barbecue.
On November 26, 2008, Jonathan Retana was convicted of the murder of Miguel Angel Deras, which the authorities linked to an MS initiation.
In 2008, the MS task force coordinated a series of arrests and crackdowns in the U.S. and Central America that involved more than 6,000 police officers in five countries. Seventy-three suspects were arrested in the U.S.; in all, more than 650 were taken into custody.
In February 2009, authorities in Colorado and California arrested 20 members of MS and seized 10 pounds of methamphetamine, 2.3 kilograms (5 pounds) of cocaine, a small amount of heroin, 12 firearms and $3,300 in cash.
In June 2009, Edwin Ortiz, Jose Gomez Amaya and Alexander Aguilar were MS gang members from Long Island who had mistaken bystanders for rival gang members. As a result, two innocent civilians were shot. Edgar Villalobos, a laborer, was killed.
On November 4, 2009, El Salvadoran leaders of the MS-13 gang allegedly put out a contract on the federal agent responsible for a crackdown on its New York factions, the "Daily" News learned. The plot to assassinate the unidentified Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent was revealed in an arrest warrant for reputed gang member Walter (Duke) Torres. Torres tipped authorities to the plan after he and four MS-13 members were stopped by NYPD detectives for hassling passersby on Northern Blvd. in Queens, New York. He told cops he had information to pass on; he was debriefed October 22 at Rikers Island, where he was being held on a warrant issued in Virginia, according to court papers. Torres said "the order for the murder came from gang leadership in El Salvador," ICE agent Sean Sweeney wrote in an affidavit for a new warrant charging Torres with conspiracy. Torres, who belonged to an MS-13 "clique" in Virginia, said he was put in charge, and traveled to New York in August "for the specific purpose of participating in the planning and execution of the murder plot," Sweeney wrote. Gang members were trying to get their hands on a high-powered assault rifle, like an M-16 to penetrate the agent's bulletproof vest. Another MS-13 informant told authorities the agent was marked for death because the gang was "exceedingly angry" at him for arresting many members in the past three years, the affidavit states. The murder was supposed to be carried out by the Flushing clique, according to the informant. Federal prosecutors have indicted numerous MS-13 gang members on racketeering, extortion, prostitution, kidnapping, illegal immigration, money laundering, murder, people smuggling, arms trafficking, human trafficking and drug trafficking charges. The targeted special agent was the lead federal investigator on many of the federal cases.
In 2010, Rene Mejia allegedly murdered a 2-year-old baby and his mother.
In August 2011, six San Francisco MS-13 members were convicted of racketeering and conspiracy, including three murders, in what was the city's largest-scope gang trial in many years. Another 18 defendants reported to have ties to the gang plead guilty before trial.
In 2011, the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in New Haven, Connecticut was vandalized on multiple occasions with the "MS-13 tag" and "kill whites" in orange spray paint.
Child prostitution.
In 2011, Alonso "Casper" Bruno Cornejo Ormeno, an associate of MS-13 from Fairfax, Virginia was sentenced to 292 months in prison for child prostitution. Ormeno recruited juvenile females into a prostitution ring by locating runaway children.
In June 2012, Rances Ulices Amaya, a leader of MS-13, of Springfield was sentenced to 50 years in prison for child prostitution. He was convicted in February 2012 for trafficking girls as young as 14 into a prostitution ring. They were lured from middle schools, high schools, and public shelters. Once acquired by Amaya, they were required to have sex with a minimum of 10 individuals per day.
In September 2012, Yimmy Anthony Pineda Penado, also known as “Critico” and “Spike”, of Maryland was a former "clique leader" of MS-13. Penado became the 11th MS13 gang member to be convicted of child prostitution since 2011.
Charlotte, North Carolina cases.
In the early 2000s (decade), US authorities investigated MS-13 in Charlotte, North Carolina. Eventually the work led to charges against 26 MS-13 members, including 7 trial convictions in January 2010, 18 guilty pleas, and 11 multi-year prison sentences.
This included the alleged first federal death-penalty conviction for an MS-13 member, Alejandro Enrique Ramirez Umaña, aka "Wizard" (age 25).
In 2005, in Los Angeles, according to a jury in a later sentencing phase, Umaña murdered Jose Herrera and Gustavo Porras (July 27) and participated and aided and abetted the killing of Andy Abarca (September 28). He later came to Charlotte, North Carolina, according to witnesses, as a veteran member of MS-13, to reorganize the Charlotte cell of the gang.
According to witnesses at his later trial, on December 8, 2007, while in the Las Jarochitas, a family-run restaurant in Greensboro, North Carolina, Umaña shot Ruben Garcia Salinas fatally in the chest and Manuel Garcia Salinas in the head. Witnesses testified that the shootings took place after the Garcia Salinas brothers had “disrespected” Umaña’s gang signs by calling them “fake”. Firing three more shots in the restaurant, according to trial testimony, Umaña injured another individual with his gunfire. Trial testimony and evidence showed that Umaña later fled back to Charlotte with MS-13 assistance. Umaña was arrested five days later in possession of the murder weapon. Additional evidence and testimony from the trial revealed that while Umaña was incarcerated while awaiting trial he coordinated attempts to kill witnesses and informants.
Umaña was indicted by a federal grand jury on June 23, 2008. During trial, he attempted to bring a knife with him to the courtroom, which was discovered by U.S. Marshals before Umaña was transported to the courthouse. Thousands of hours were spent on the case over several years. International work was also involved.
The case was investigated by the Charlotte Safe Streets Task Force. The case was prosecuted by Chief Criminal Assistant U.S. Attorney Jill Westmoreland Rose of the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Western District of North Carolina, and Trial Attorney Sam Nazzaro from the Criminal Division’s Gang Unit. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Don Gast and Adam Morris of the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Western District of North Carolina were also members of the government’s trial team.
Charges included:
On April 19, 2010, The jury convicted Umaña of all charges and additionally found him responsible for the 2005 murders during the sentencing phase. On April 28, a 12-person federal jury in Charlotte voted unanimously to impose the death penalty. On July 27, 2010, Chief U.S. District Judge Robert J. Conrad, Jr., of Charlotte, NC, formally imposed the federal death penalty sentence. Also commenting on the decision in the government press release were Assistant Attorney General Lanny A. Breuer, of the Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Anne M. Tompkins of the Western District of North Carolina, Owen D Harris, Special Agent in charge of the Charlotte Division of the FBI, and Rodney Monreo, Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief.
The case was automatically appealed under Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure.
Gang markings and hand signs.
Many Mara Salvatrucha members cover themselves in tattoos. Common markings include "MS", "Salvatrucha", the "Devil Horns", the name of their clique, and other symbols. A December 2007 CNN internet news article stated that the gang was moving away from the tattoos in an attempt to commit crimes without being noticed.
Members of Mara Salvatrucha, like members of most modern American gangs, utilize a system of hand signs for purposes of identification and communication. One of the most commonly displayed is the "devil's head" which forms an 'M' when displayed upside down. This hand sign is similar to the same symbol commonly seen displayed by heavy metal musicians and their fans. Founders of Mara Salvatrucha borrowed the hand sign after attending concerts of heavy metal bands.
Sanctions.
In October 2012 US Treasury Department announced a freeze on American-owned assets controlled by the organization and listed MS-13 as a Transnational Criminal Organization.

</doc>
<doc id="18362077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362077" title="Inigo Triggs">
Inigo Triggs

Henry Inigo Triggs (1876–1923) was an English country house architect and designer of formal gardens, and author.
Family life.
Harry Benjamin Inigo Triggs was born in Chiswick, London, on 28 February 1876, to parents James Triggs, carpet agent, and his wife Celia Anne, née Bryant. His older brother was Arthur Bryant Triggs (1868–1936) born in Chelsea, who in 1887 emigrated to Australia, becoming a wealthy New South Wales grazier (known as The Sheep King) and collector of art, books and coins. The architect Inigo Jones was a distant relative. 1907 he married Gladys Claire.
In 1910 Triggs bought the property then called Fry's Farm, in Liphook, Hampshire. He re-designed the farmhouse and gardens as his home, and renamed it Little Boarhunt, based on a legend about King John hunting boar in the district. The house is now a Grade II listed building, being a representative romantic house of the Arts and Crafts Movement.
H(enry) Inigo Triggs died on 9 April 1923 in Taormina, Sicily, Italy. A memorial tablet is dedicated to him in St Mary's Church, Bramshott.
Career.
Triggs designed many formal gardens and later some country houses, mostly in southern England. He specialised in historical research and in re-creating gardens of the past. His books influenced the Italian mode of the Arts and Crafts style in England. He also designed Cooper's Bridge at Bramshott and the War Memorial in Petersfield High Street in 1922.
In 1906 he was awarded the Godwin Bursary, presenting two reports: "The planning of public squares and open spaces" (76 pages), relating to the cities of Paris, Berlin, Vienna and Munich, including public monuments and fountains; "Le Petit Palais, Paris" (20 pages), a detailed description of the Musée des Beaux-Arts building, Avenue Winston Churchill, designed by Charles Girault and built between 1897 and 1900.
In the 1910s Triggs was in partnership with the architect William Frederick Unsworth (1851–1912), and his son Gerald Unsworth (1883–1946), in Petersfield, Hampshire. W. F. Unsworth had previously designed the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon in 1879, which was destroyed by fire in 1926 and replaced in 1932 with the present Royal Shakespeare Theatre.
In the summer of 1919, Mr Inigo Triggs, well-known to the Trustees of The Whiteley Homes Trust Ltd, was engaged to plan and supervise the landscaping of the area surrounding the cottages of Whiteley Village, Walton on Thames, Surrey. The principle being that the four main roads at right angles to the central feature of the Monument, be called Avenues and the transverse ways bisecting these quadrants to be called Walks. All four of the Walks were turfed and this turfing was continued into the areas between the Walks and the Monument within Circle Road. The remaining unturfed areas within the circle were edged with heather, and existing trees and shrubs were left in place. The entire length of the Avenues were lined with trees, which continued in front of the cottages, with Scotch Pines being used along the North and South Avenues and Lime Trees along East and West Avenues. The other areas were designed separately and included the use of Fruiting Trees and Shrubs and Lavender borders.

</doc>
<doc id="18362080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362080" title="WDNS">
WDNS

WDNS (93.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic rock format. Licensed to Bowling Green, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Bowling Green area. The station is currently owned by Daily News Broadcasting Company and features programing from Motor Racing Network.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18362092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362092" title="Mysore Manjunath">
Mysore Manjunath

Mysore Manjunath is an Indian violinist. The son and disciple of violinist Prof. Mahadevappa, Manjunath performed his first concert at the age of 8 in Mysore. Trained under his father, Manjunath received special coaching in violin technique and improvisation. He is one of the Mysore brothers duo.
Educaion.
Manjunath did his Master of Music at the University of Mysore securing First Rank and 4 gold medals and continued to do research in the Art of Violin Playing and was awarded Ph’D by the University of Mysore.
Career.
Manjunath has performed all over the world. He regularly performs along with his elder brother Mysore Nagaraj. He has played at Royal Albert Hall - London, Sydney Opera House - Australia, International Violin Conference, Common Thread Music festival in United States, Federation Square in Melbourne, World Music Festival in Chicago, Esplanade Theatre in Singapore, World Music Series by BBC, Santa-Fe Festival in New Mexico. He has collaborated with musicians and orchestras including Ned McGowan, Mark Wood, Fabrizio Cassol, Jai Uttal, Joe Craven, Fred Hamilton, Todd Haaby, Pandith Vishwamohan Bhat, Ronu Majumdar, N. Rajam, Tejendra Majumdar such as Aka Moon, Spenifex, Ictus.
He has conducted workshops and presented papers and demonstrations at the University of Delaware, Wesleyan University, University of Iowa, Utrecht University in the Netherlands, University of Chicago, University of Iowa, University of North Texas, University of Osaka in Japan, MIT, Texas A&M University, Griffith University - Australia, and the University of North Carolina.
Awards and honours.
He is one of the youngest recipients of the Rajyotsava Award by the Government of Karnataka. He has received the Excellence award from American Institute of World Culture, Honors from the American Arts Council, Best Violinist awards from The Music Academy, Best violinist award from the Indian fine arts society, Aryabhata Award, Meritorious Award from University of Oklahoma-USA, Samskruthi Sinchana Award, Y.T.Tatachari National Award, Sangeeth Samrat, Sangeeth Rathna, Sangitha Vidwanmani, Gana varidhi, Tantri Vadya Shiromani - Asthana Vidwan from Sri Kanchi Kamakoti Peetham, Chowdiah National Award by Academy of Music, Rotary Excellence Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18362101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362101" title="Mutemetsa">
Mutemetsa

Mutemetsa is a settlement in Varstu Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362112" title="WDOC">
WDOC

WDOC (1310 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Southern Gospel format. Licensed to Prestonsburg, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Wdoc, Inc. and features programing from Premiere Radio Networks and Salem Communications.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18362113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362113" title="Sooblase">
Sooblase

Sooblase is a settlement in Taheva Parish, Valga County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362123" title="Kriiva">
Kriiva

Kriiva is a settlement in Misso Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362124" title="WDXR">
WDXR

WDXR (1450 AM, "1450 The Touch") is a radio station licensed to serve Paducah, Kentucky, USA. The station, established in 1957, is currently owned by Virginia-based Bristol Broadcasting Company, Inc.
Programming.
WDXR broadcasts an urban adult contemporary format. The station changed to the current format, which includes Rhythm and Blues and Gospel music, on April 20, 2005. In additional to music, the station features local news, a community calendar, and "Paducah Black History Minute". The station also features syndicated programming from Citadel Media.
History.
The beginning.
This station began regular operation on December 24, 1957, broadcasting with 1,000 watts of power on a frequency of 1560 kHz. The station was assigned the call sign WDXR by the Federal Communications Commission.
WDXR was originally owned by Earl Weaks McKinney-Smith, serving as both company president as the station's first news director. McKinney-Smith had the FCC transfer the WDXR broadcast license to a new company called WDXR, Inc., which was owned by both E. Weaks McKinney-Smith and his wife, Lady Sarah McKinney-Smith. After E. Weaks McKinney-Smith died in February 1974, control of WDXR, Inc., passed solely to Lady Sarah McKinney-Smith.
Move to 1450.
In December 1978, WDXR, Inc., reached an agreement to sell this station to Paducah Broadcasters, Inc. The deal, contingent on a simultaneous transaction for WPAD, was approved by the FCC on February 14, 1979. WDXR formerly broadcast on a frequency of 1560 kHz, before exchanging frequencies with WPAD (1450 AM) in February 1979. At the time of the swap, WDXR broadcast a middle of the road music format.
In April 1989, Pollack Communications, Inc., agreed to sell WDXR to Metro Media of Kentucky, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on June 30, 1989, and the transaction was consummated on July 11, 1989. This would prove short-lived as Metro Media of Kentucky, Inc., reached an agreement in June 1991 to sell this station to the Mason-Dixon Broadcasting Company. The deal was approved by the FCC on July 19, 1991, and the transaction was consummated on September 5, 1991.
In January 1996, the Mason-Dixon Broadcasting Company contracted to transfer the broadcast license for this station to Hilltopper Broadcasting, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on February 28, 1996, and the transaction was consummated on March 19, 1996.
In August 2000, Hilltopper Broadcasting, Inc., announced an agreement to sell WDXR to Forever Communications, Inc., subsidiary WRUS, Inc., as part of a five-station deal valued at a reported $5 million. The deal was approved by the FCC on November 13, 2000, and the transaction was consummated on February 2, 2001. At the time of the sale, WDXR aired a mix of news and ESPN Radio sports talk programming.
WDXR today.
In December 2003, Forever Communications, Inc., reached an agreement to sell this station to Bristol Broadcasting Company, Inc., as part of a five-station deal for a cash price of $3.15 million. The deal was approved by the FCC on February 20, 2004, and the transaction was consummated on March 15, 2004. At the time of the sale, WDXR broadcast a sports radio format. WDXR adopted an urban adult contemporary music format in April 2005.
Bristol Broadcasting Company broke ground on an expansion on its existing radio studio and office complex in May 2008. Company officials cited continuing growth at the nine-station complex as the reason for the new construction.

</doc>
<doc id="18362133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362133" title="Hargla">
Hargla

Hargla () is a village in Taheva Parish, Valga County in southern Estonia. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 169.

</doc>
<doc id="18362136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362136" title="WEKB">
WEKB

WEKB (1460 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an Oldies format. Licensed to Elkhorn City, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by East Kentucky Broadcasting and features programing from CNN Radio and Westwood One.
History.
The station went on the air as WBPA on 1979-10-09. on 2005-03-23, the station changed its call sign to the current WEKB.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18362148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362148" title="Sakurgi">
Sakurgi

Sakurgi is a settlement in Mõniste Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362150" title="WEKC">
WEKC

WEKC (710 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Gospel format. Licensed to Williamsburg, Kentucky, USA, the station transmits the daytime Only area because it shares the same frequency as "clear channel" station WOR-AM in New York City. The station is currently owned by Gerald Parks.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18362158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362158" title="University Militias">
University Militias

In some Southern European and Latin American countries University Militias were military units for training college students.
Cuba.
A University Militia known as the José Antonio Echeverría Brigade was formed in 1959, which later became the 154th Battalion of the National Revolutionary Militias. The unit is presently known as the 154th Regiment of the Territorial Troops Militias.
Italy.
The University Militia was formed in 1931 and was made up of university students undergoing reserve officers' training. Front-line units were also formed from the University Militia.
Spain.
The University Militias also known as I.M.E.C. are at present a method to fulfill compulsory military service in Spain. In it, militiamen undergo military training in the Reserves until the drill of the militia is professional.
Basically it consists of university-level students completing compulsory military service as officers (second lieutenant) or non-commissioned officers (sergeant) of the reserves, receiving military training in three periods (6 months in the first year, three months the two following years).
To be able to apply for training and to become an officer or non-commissioned officer on the reserve list the first two years of university courses that were attended must be passed and medical, physical, and psychotechnical tests commensurate to the rank must be passed.
There exists one independently for each of the three services: Army, Navy (I.M.E.C.A.R.), and Air Force.
History.
According to José Ignacio Ripol de Churruca, a Spanish reserve marine infantry lieutenant, University Militias were created as a result of the outbreak of the War of Independence, and the consequent large number of casualties sustained among ensigns and lieutenants of the officer corps of the regular army. The far-seeing person who saw the way to fill in these gaps, was Gil de Bernabé, Colonel of Artillery and Director of the Academy of Segovia. The quarry which Gil de Bernabé used to fill these gaps among the cadre of professionals was the university students, whose intellectual training made them suitable to be assimilated quickly and, after an accelerated course, for the duties of an officer in combat.
The Colonel depended on three sources. First, the students of the University of Toledo who facing the imminent danger of the city falling into the hands of the French left on foot, with their professors at the lead, leaving for Segovia, a city still not occupied, where it positioned itself and named itself the Literary Battalion. Second, the Maestrantes de Ronda, good horsemen skilled in the use of the sword, and lastly, the cadets of Segovia who followed their Colonel and who it is certain, by his training, found themselves quickly taken on by the Army of the South.
Gil de Bernabé with the force of this human capital presented to the Defense Board in Cadiz a project whose most outstanding paragraph is that which reads: " Utilize as a quarry the 15,000 bachelor, licentiate, and doctoral students and even professors to be able to produce 8,000 subaltern officers, if chiefs and even generals are not included."
The Navy offered the installations of its Naval Academy in San Fernando to form that which was called the "National and Patriotic Military Academy." In it were trained infantry, cavalry, artillery and engineer officers.
Once the siege of Cadiz was raised the Academy languished. As it has been said before nobody remembers when Santa Bárbara ceased to thunder. It remained definitely closed in Granada, where it moved to, in 1823.
From this date nobody could remember the subject anymore until the R.O. (Royal Order) of 29-VII-1918 created the figure of the reserve officer, because of the excellent results that civilian graduates had given in the belligerent armies during the European War (1914-1918). The majority of Spaniards who adopted this system to do compulsory military service and to take the commission of ensign, had the privilege of choosing Branch and Regiment and also the city, which would be his residence.
During the Civil War Academies were created on both sides to train ensigns, who in the Nationalist zone, received provisional grades, at its conclusion at the end of the struggle both lost their "Status." The star was not sewn on the cuff, but upon the black taffeta which was worn on the left side of the jacket and over the heart.
In 1940 the creation of the University Militias was promulgated, by law, entry into which was open to: "All students over 18 years old who attend courses in the different faculties, Technical Schools and any other teaching institution which confers degrees of duly recognized superior character." The first class of the army graduated in 1942, that of the Navy in 1944 and that of the Air Force in 1948. In 1972 this service suffered a restructuring initiating the IMEC (Instrucción Militar para la formación de las Escalas de Complemento/Military Instruction for the training of the Reserve List) period and much more recently the latest reform came under the name SEFOCUMA (Servicio de formación de cuadros de mando/Command cadre training service) where a few, previously chosen for their academic record, had the privilege to become ensigns in these Arms for them to prove by their studies a better aptitude and found themselves accommodated in the assigned quotas to be able to serve the Army, Navy or Air Force.
From 1992 Spain belonged to the CIOR and to the CIOMR, abbreviations which stand for Confederación Interaliada de Oficiales de la Reserva (Interallied Confederation of Reserve Officers) and that of the Médicos de la Reserva (Medical Reserve Officers). They meet twice a year, first, in Brussels during winter and then in rotating turns among member nations. This year (2001) they met in Spain: Madrid and Toledo. In the former the work sessions took place in the CESEDEN (Centro Superior de Estudios de la Defensa Nacional/Center for Advanced National Defense Studies) and in the latter the new classes participated in Military competitions at the Infantry Academy. In total 1,114 delegates came among them Generals, Chiefs and Officers of 30 European and American Nations.
The emergence of the Professional Armies erased with a bureaucratic stroke of the pen all possibility of serving the country in double capacity Civilian and Military, becoming double citizens—Twice a Citizen—as no less than Winston Churchill called them.
The law which stopped the promulgation and which regulated the future forces of the Reserves, did not give the opportunity to be able, like in other nations of the Western World, to be an Officer, working as a civilian, being able to be promoted in his military role, by means of courses or trainings, which the State gave as an incentive for businesses to be able to dispense with their co-workers for short periods of time, during which the said could dedicate themselves to their second occupation.
Although Spaniards trace the beginnings of University Militias to the early 19th century, it is noteworthy that in 1762 in the Philippines, at that time a Spanish colony, four companies were raised from volunteer students of the University of Santo Tomás, a colonial college, to fight the British invasion of the colonial capital Manila. These military units were organized again in 1780 as militia companies, which were part of the Spanish colonial army and which existed until 1785.
Venezuela.
Presently there exists the Bolivarian University Militias.

</doc>
<doc id="18362159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362159" title="Sarise">
Sarise

Sarise is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362168" title="Parmupalu">
Parmupalu

Parmupalu is a settlement in Mõniste Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362170" title="2008–09 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
2008–09 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

The 2008–09 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio season was the twenty-fourth since its establishment. The season began with the first regular season games on 12 September 2008 and ended with the play-off final on 29 May 2009.
Venues.
The teams do not have grounds of their own due to restricted space in San Marino. Each match was randomly assigned to one of the following grounds:
Regular season.
Results.
All teams play twice against the teams within their own group and once against the teams from the other group.
Play-off.
The playoff was held in a double-eliminination format. Both group winners earned a bye in the first and second round.
First Round.
The matches were played on 7 May 2009.
Second Round.
The matches were played on 12 May 2009.
Third Round.
The matches were played on 15 and 16 May 2009.
Fourth Round.
The matches were played on 19 and 20 May 2009.
Semifinal.
The match was played on 25 May 2009 at Stadio Olimpico, Serravalle.
Final.
The final was played on 29 May 2009 at Stadio Olimpico, Serravalle. The winners qualified for the first qualifying round of the UEFA Champions League 2009–10.

</doc>
<doc id="18362171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362171" title="Fastrac">
Fastrac

Fastrac may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18362174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362174" title="Foakes">
Foakes

Foakes is an English surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18362179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362179" title="Poonam Bajwa">
Poonam Bajwa

Poonam Bajwa (born 5 April 1989) is an Indian actress, who predominantly appears in Tamil and Telugu language films. A Punjabi by birth, she made her acting debut in the 2005 Telugu film "Modati Cinema", following which she appeared in several noted Telugu films, including "Boss" opposite superstar Nagarjuna and Bhaskar's "Parugu". She debuted in Tamil in 2008 with the Hari-directed masala film "Seval" and subsequently starred in "Thenavattu", "Kacheri Arambam", both co-starring Jeeva, and "Drohi".
Most of her films are successful. She usually plays the role of a second heroine in most of her films.

</doc>
<doc id="18362183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362183" title="Käänu">
Käänu

Käänu is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362208" title="Aspidistra (disambiguation)">
Aspidistra (disambiguation)

Aspidistra is a plant genus (from the Greek "aspidion", a small round shield).
Aspidistra may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18362214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362214" title="Al-Shamsi">
Al-Shamsi

Al-Shamsi (الشامسي) is a very large Arabian tribe (with many sub-tribes) that mostly inhabit the northeastern part of the Arabian peninsula. They are located mainly in Northern Oman, the United Arab Emirates, and to a lesser extent Kuwait, Qatar, eastern Saudi Arabia and Bahrain. Due to the large nature of the tribe, there are today in fact many branches that trace themselves to Al-Shamsi tribe.
Origins.
It is presumed that Al-Shamsi tribe was the progeny of who was said to be the brother of khraiban "al-nuaimi", and in turn the father of the Al Nuaimi tribe.
which emigrated from Ma'rib after the destruction of the dam. The Azd are Qahtanite Arabs and not Adnanite. [http://www.familytreedna.com/public/ArabianPeninsulaDNAProject/]
Migration.
The Al-Shamsi family were the Rulers of Al-Hamriyah in the 1960s. Sheikh Saif Al-Shamsi was a Ruler of Al-Hamriyah in Sharjah.
Related tribes.
It is thought that Al-Shamsi is related to the following Arabian tribe:
The following are branches of Al-Shamsi:

</doc>
<doc id="18362223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362223" title="Maria of Gothia">
Maria of Gothia

Maria of Gothia was the first wife of David of Trebizond.
Family.
She was a daughter of Alexios I of Theodoro, ruler of the Principality of Theodoro in Crimea. Theodoro was also known as Gothia because its territory had previously belonged to the Crimean Goths, who had undergone Hellenization under the influence of the Byzantine Empire. Her family were the Gabras, considered to be Byzantine Greeks of partial Armenian descent.
Alexios I was a son of Stephen of Theodoro, who emigrated to Moscow in 1391 or 1402 along with his son Gregory. Stephen's patronymic suggests he may have been the son of Basil of Theodoro. The relation of Stephen to the first known prince of Theodoro, Demetrios is uncertain, though Demetrios could be his grandfather.
"The Goths in the Crimea" (1936) by Alexander Vasiliev presented the theory that Demetrios and his successors were descendants of Constantine Gabras, the "doux" of Trebizond in the early 12th century. Constantine is considered a nephew of Theodore Gabras, the 11th century Duke of Trebizond mentioned in the Alexiad by Anna Komnene. However the exact relation is uncertain; Constantine could also be a younger brother or even son of Theodore.
Marriage.
Maria sailed from Gothia, and married David of Trebizond September 1426 in Trebizond. A report by historian Theodore Spandounes, dated to 1538 names the wife of David as Helena Kantakouzene, the sister of Irene Kantakouzene. Spandounes adds that Helena was visited by her brother George in Trebizond sometime after 1437, which implies Maria may have been dead by that time. On the other hand, based on an epitaph composed by John Eugenikos for her nephew Alexis, who died in Trebizond, Maria's brother John and her nephew Alexis were resident in Trebizond in 1447. It is unlikely they would have remained there after her death and her son-in-law's subsequent remarriage.
The children of David have been attributed variously to Maria or Helena by various genealogies. They included Basil, Manuel and George Komnenos, princes decapitated by orders of Mehmed II of the Ottoman Empire in 1463. Their sister Anna married first Mohammed Zagan Pasha, Beglerbeg of Macedonia and secondly to Sinan Beg, son of Ilvan Beg. Another daughter reportedly married Mamia II, Prince of Guria. Cyril Toumanoff gives Maria, a third daughter, as wife of Constantine Mourousis.

</doc>
<doc id="18362228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362228" title="Hürova">
Hürova

Hürova () is a village in Mõniste Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362235" title="Lotte Toberentz">
Lotte Toberentz

Lotte Toberentz, born Maria Charlotte Toberentz (May 27, 1900 – January 1964) was the head overseer of the Uckermark concentration camp for girls in its early years. From December 1944 to April 1945 she was "Lagerführerin" (camp leader) of the Ravensbrück concentration camp.
She was tried in the Third Ravensbrück Trials at Hamburg in 1948 for her role as Camp Leader at Uckermark. She was acquitted of all crimes due to a lack of evidence. However, the indictment included only crimes against Allied nationals and German non-conformist girls and young women prisoners. It is clear that she was not tried for crimes in Ravensbrueck Concentration Camp. Freed after the trial, Toberentz became an official in the German police force.
There is evidence of SS Wardress complicity in the crimes of the Camp Administration. "In late 1944, SS women in Ravensbrueck set up next to the crematorium a provisional gas chamber. Here the SS from late Jan to April 1945 gassed 5 to 6,000 detainees."
Also, the US Holocaust Museum shows that "in late March 1945, the SS transported about 5,600 female prisoners from Ravensbrück to the Mauthausen and Bergen-Belsen concentration camps. In April 1945, the SS guards forced about 20,000 female prisoners, as well as most of the remaining male prisoners, on a brutal and forced evacuation on foot toward northern Mecklenberg."
Literature.
THE CAMP WOMEN: The Female Auxiliaries Who Assisted the SS in Running the Concentration Camp System, by Daniel Patrick Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="18362241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362241" title="Norwalk High School (Iowa)">
Norwalk High School (Iowa)

Norwalk High School is located in the town of Norwalk, Iowa, which is roughly five miles south of Des Moines

</doc>
<doc id="18362243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362243" title="Joo Jong-hyuk">
Joo Jong-hyuk

Ryan (; born Joo Jong-hyuk on 29 October 1983) is a South Korean actor and singer. He's the lead vocalist of the K-pop group "Paran" and is also the oldest of the five members.
He graduated from Chungang University with a Major in Theater and Film. He's fluent in English, Korean and Japanese languages.

</doc>
<doc id="18362260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362260" title="Luhamaa">
Luhamaa

Luhamaa is a small area in Misso Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia, on the Russian border. The Luhamaa border crossing is located on the European route E77 (road from Pskov to Riga).
The official Luhamaa village was abolished in 1997 by dividing the lands between Hindsa, Määsi and Pruntova villages. The border crossing is officially located on the territory of Lütä village.

</doc>
<doc id="18362266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362266" title="Luutsniku">
Luutsniku

Luutsniku is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362268" title="Postmortem (comics)">
Postmortem (comics)

Postmortem is a fictional cyborg supervillain in the Marvel Universe. He was an ally of Dracula, and an enemy of Blade. He first appeared in "Blade the Vampire Hunter" #9 (March 1995).
Fictional character biography.
Postmortem was a scientist who for decades had maintained a secret laboratory in the 13th floor of the Chrysler Building in Manhattan, largely paid for with funding by Dracula. He developed a kind of nanite that could rewrite a subject's genetic code, ostensibly to create a "next generation" of vampire. The scientist tested the nanites out on himself and was transformed into Postmortem.
Postmortem was confronted in his laboratory by the vampire hunter Blade, and mistook him for an agent of Dracula, coming to cancel the project's funding. They fought, and Blade succeeded in killing Postmortem.

</doc>
<doc id="18362287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362287" title="ACTTAB Radio">
ACTTAB Radio

ACTTAB Radio (callsign 1TAB) is a narrowcast radio station based in Canberra. It is owned by the Australian Capital Territory Totalizator Agency Board (ACTTAB), the Territory Government’s betting and gaming agency.
ACTTAB Radio broadcasts are a relay of Sport 927 in Melbourne. The station broadcasts live commentary of thoroughbred, harness and greyhound racing along with race form and betting information. Other sports are also covered in breakfast and weekend programming.

</doc>
<doc id="18362292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362292" title="Randomness extractor">
Randomness extractor

A randomness extractor, often simply called an "extractor", is a function, which being applied to output from a weakly random entropy source, together with a short, uniformly random seed, generates a highly random output that appears independent from the source and uniformly distributed. Examples of weakly random sources include radioactive decay or thermal noise; the only restriction on possible sources is that there is no way they can be fully controlled, calculated or predicted, and that a lower bound on their entropy rate can be established. For a given source, a randomness extractor can even be considered to be a true random number generator (TRNG); but there is no single extractor, which has been proven to produce truly random output from any type of weakly random source.
Sometimes the term "bias" is used to denote a weakly random source's departure from uniformity, and in older literature, some extractors are called unbiasing algorithms, as they take the randomness from a so-called "biased" source and output a distribution that appears unbiased. The weakly random source will always be longer than the extractor's output, but an efficient extractor is one that lowers this ratio of lengths as much as possible, while simultaneously keeping the seed length low. Intuitively, this means that as much randomness as possible has been "extracted" from the source.
Note that an extractor has some conceptual similarities with a pseudorandom generator (PRG), but the two concepts are not identical. Both are functions that take as input a small, uniformly random seed and produce a longer output that "looks" uniformly random. Some pseudorandom generators are, in fact, also extractors. (When a PRG is based on the existence of hard-core predicates, one can think of the weakly random source as a set of truth tables of such predicates and prove that the output is statistically close to uniform.) However, the general PRG definition does not specify that a weakly random source must be used, and while in the case of an extractor, the output should be statistically close to uniform, in a PRG it is only required to be computationally indistinguishable from uniform, a somewhat weaker concept.
NIST Special Publication 800-90B (draft) recommends several extractors, including the SHA hash family and states that if the amount of entropy input is twice the number of bits output from them, that output can be considered essentially fully random.
Formal definition of extractors.
The min-entropy of a distribution formula_1 (denoted formula_2), is the largest real number formula_3 such that formula_4 for every formula_5 in the range of formula_1. In essence, this measures how likely formula_1 is to take its most likely value, giving a worst-case bound on how random formula_1 appears. Letting formula_9 denote the uniform distribution over formula_10, clearly formula_11.
For an "n"-bit distribution formula_1 with min-entropy "k", we say that formula_1 is an formula_14 distribution.
Definition (Extractor): ("k", "ε")-extractor
Let formula_15
be a function that takes as input a sample from an formula_14 distribution formula_1 and a "d"-bit seed from formula_18, and outputs an "m"-bit string.
formula_19 is a ("k", "ε")-extractor, if for all formula_14 distributions formula_1, the output distribution of formula_19 is "ε"-close to formula_23.
In the above definition, "ε"-close refers to statistical distance.
Intuitively, an extractor takes a weakly random "n"-bit input and a short, uniformly random seed and produces an "m"-bit output that looks uniformly random. The aim is to have a low formula_24 (i.e. to use as little uniform randomness as possible) and as high an formula_25 as possible (i.e. to get out as many close-to-random bits of output as we can).
Strong extractors.
An extractor is strong if concatenating the seed with the extractor's output yields a distribution that is still close to uniform.
Definition (Strong Extractor): A formula_26-strong extractor is a function
such that for every formula_14 distribution formula_1 the distribution formula_30 (the two copies of formula_18 denote the same random variable) is formula_32-close to the uniform distribution on formula_33.
Explicit extractors.
Using the probabilistic method, it can be shown that there exists a ("k", "ε")-extractor, i.e. that the construction is possible. However, it is usually not enough merely to show that an extractor exists. An explicit construction is needed, which is given as follows:
Definition (Explicit Extractor): For functions "k"("n"), "ε"("n"), "d"("n"), "m"("n") a family Ext = {Ext"n"} of functions
is an explicit ("k", "ε")-extractor, if Ext("x", "y") can be computed in polynomial time (in its input length) and for every "n", Ext"n" is a ("k"("n"), "ε"("n"))-extractor.
By the probabilistic method, it can be shown that there exists a ("k", "ε")-extractor with seed length
and output length
Dispersers.
Another variant of the randomness extractor is the disperser.
Randomness extractors in cryptography.
One of the most important aspects of cryptography is random key generation. It is often necessary to generate secret and random keys from sources that are semi-secret or which may be compromised to some degree. By taking a single, short (and secret) random key as a source, an extractor can be used to generate a longer pseudo-random key, which then can be used for public key encryption. More specifically, when a strong extractor is used its output will appear be uniformly random, even to someone who sees part (but not all) of the source. For example, if the source is known but the seed is not known (or vice versa). This property of extractors is particularly useful in what is commonly called Exposure-Resilient cryptography in which the desired extractor is used as an Exposure-Resilient Function (ERF). Exposure-Resilient cryptography takes into account that the fact that it is difficult to keep secret the initial exchange of data which often takes place during the initialization of an encryption application e.g., the sender of encrypted information has to provide the receivers with information which is required for decryption.
The following paragraphs define and establish an important relationship between two kinds of ERF--"k"-ERF and "k"-APRF--which are useful in Exposure-Resilient cryptography. 
Definition ("k"-ERF): "An adaptive k-ERF is a function" formula_37 "where, for a random input" formula_38 ", when a computationally unbounded adversary" formula_39 "can adaptively read all of" formula_38 "except for" formula_3 "bits," formula_42 "for some negligible function" formula_43 (defined below).
The goal is to construct an adaptive ERF whose output is highly random and uniformly distributed. But a stronger condition is often needed in which every output occurs with almost uniform probability. For this purpose Almost-Perfect Resilient Functions (APRF) are used. The definition of an APRF is as follows:
Definition (k-APRF): "A" formula_44 "APRF is a function" formula_37 "where, for any setting of" formula_46 "bits of the input" formula_38 "to any fixed values, the probability vector" formula_48 "of the output" formula_49 "over the random choices for the" formula_3 "remaining bits satisfies" formula_51 "for all" formula_52 "and for some negligible function" formula_43.
Kamp and Zuckerman have proved a theorem stating that if a function formula_37 is a "k"-APRF, then formula_37 is also a "k"-ERF. More specifically, "any" extractor having sufficiently small error and taking as input an "oblivious", bit-fixing source is also an APRF and therefore also a "k"-ERF. A more specific extractor is expressed in this lemma:
Lemma: "Any" formula_56"-extractor" formula_57 "for the set of" formula_58 "oblivious bit-fixing sources, where" formula_43 "is negligible, is also a k-APRF."
This lemma is proved by Kamp and Zuckerman. The lemma is proved by examining the distance from uniform of the output, which in a formula_56-extractor obviously is at mostformula_56, which satisfies the condition of the APRF.
The lemma leads to the following theorem, stating that there in fact exists a "k"-APRF function as described:
Theorem (existence): "For any positive constant" formula_62", there exists an explicit k-APRF" formula_63", computable in a linear number of arithmetic operations on" formula_25"-bit strings, with" formula_65 "and" formula_66.
Definition (negligible function): In the proof of this theorem, we need a definition of a negligible function. A function formula_43 is defined as being negligible if formula_68 for all constants formula_69.
Proof:
Consider the following formula_32-extractor: The function formula_37 is an extractor for the set of formula_72 oblivious bit-fixing source: formula_63. formula_37 has formula_75, formula_76 and formula_77.
The proof of this extractor's existence with formula_78, as well as the fact that it is computable in linear computing time on the length of formula_25 can be found in the paper by Jesse Kamp and David Zuckerman (p. 1240).
That this extractor fulfills the criteria of the lemma is trivially true as formula_76 is a negligible function.
The size of formula_25 is:
Since we know formula_78 then the lower bound on formula_25 is dominated by formula_85. In the last step we use the fact that formula_62 which means that the power of formula_85 is at most formula_88. And since formula_85 is a positive integer we know that formula_90 is at most formula_85.
The value of formula_3 is calculated by using the definition of the extractor, where we know:
and by using the value of formula_25 we have:
Using this value of formula_25 we account for the worst case, where formula_3 is on its lower bound. Now by algebraic calculations we get:
Which inserted in the value of formula_3 gives
which proves that there exists an explicit k-APRF extractor with the given properties. formula_103
Examples.
Von Neumann extractor.
Perhaps the earliest example is due to John von Neumann. His extractor took successive pairs of consecutive bits (non-overlapping) from the input stream. If the two bits matched, no output was generated. If the bits differed, the value of the first bit was output. The Von Neumann extractor can be shown to produce a uniform output even if the distribution of input bits is not uniform so long as each bit has the same probability of being one and there is no correlation between successive bits.
Thus, it takes as input a Bernoulli sequence with "p" not necessarily equal to 1/2, and outputs a Bernoulli sequence with formula_104
More generally, it applies to any exchangeable sequence – it only relies on the fact that for any pair, 01 and 10 are "equally" likely: for independent trials, these have probabilities formula_105, while for an exchangeable sequence the probability may be more complicated, but both are equally likely.
Cryptographic hash.
Another approach is to fill a buffer with bits from the input stream and then apply a cryptographic hash to the buffer and use its output. This approach generally depends on assumed properties of the hash function.
Applications.
Randomness extractors are used widely in cryptographic applications, whereby a cryptographic hash function is applied to a high-entropy, but non-uniform source, such as disk drive timing information or keyboard delays, to yield a uniformly random result.
Randomness extractors have played a part in recent developments in quantum cryptography, where photons are used by the randomness extractor to generate secure random bits.[http://newsroom.spie.org/x4741.xml?highlight=x535]
Randomness extraction is also used in some branches of computational complexity theory.
Random extraction is also used to convert data to a simple random sample, which is normally distributed, and independent, which is desired by statistics.

</doc>
<doc id="18362315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362315" title="Ectenolites">
Ectenolites

Ectenolites is a genus of small, slender, cylindrial Ellesmeroceratids that resemble "Ellesmeroceras" but are smaller and proportionally narrower. Septa, as typical for ellesmerocerids, are close spaced with shallow lobes on either flank. The body chamber is proportionally long, the shell itself slightly compressed. The dorsal side at the beginning of the shell, opposite the aperture and body chamber, is strongly convex so to produce a sense of endogastric curvature with the apex and siphuncle aligned.
The siphuncle in "Ectenolites" lies along the ventral side; is tubular, composed of short orthochoantic septal necks and thick concave connecting rings. The posterior portion is filled with irregularly spaced transverse diaphragms. 
"Ectenolites" is one of two ellesmeroceratid genera known to have passed from the Late Cambrian into the Early Ordovician ( Gasconadian) and is found widespread in North America from the Tribes Hill of New York to the Tanyard of Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18362320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362320" title="Todd Edwards">
Todd Edwards

Todd Edwards (born December 9, 1972) is an American house and garage producer. He currently resides in Los Angeles.
History.
Todd Edwards began his musical career around 1992. He employs vocal reconstruction techniques to his songs, creating a unique vocal collage set to a four-on-the-floor beat. Marc "MK" Kinchen, who is primarily responsible for pioneering this technique, is one of Edwards's influences.
Edwards is a committed Christian. This is evident by recurring hidden messages found in his compositions, which often contain religious phrases.
With remixes numbering in the hundreds, some of the artists Edwards has remixed include Wildchild, St. Germain, Benjamin Diamond, Justice, Klaxons and Dimitri From Paris. Much like his solo albums, his remixes make use of a complex vocal sampling technique, which in some cases renders the original track almost unrecognizable.
Beginnings.
In his early records, Todd Edwards was influenced by house music and grew into the UK garage and 2-step garage scene. Inspired by Todd Terry, MK, and experiences from his own trials and errors, Todd Edwards developed a unique sound of vocal sampling in place of musical instrument sampling on his tracks. In 1995, there was some talk developing about Edwards. His manager was approached by St. Germain, who asked Edwards to do a remix of his song, "Alabama Blues". Although Edwards has produced and remixed some great remixes in this time, he didn't begin to DJ until the early 2000s. He went out gradually landing more gigs in the UK, hoping to land a bigger one than the next. For an American native, Edwards quickly gained underground popularity in Europe.
2001-present.
Edwards co-produced and performed vocals on the Daft Punk song "Face to Face" from the album "Discovery". The song reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Club chart in 2004. In 2006, Edwards sang on each track of the LP "Odyssey", but on the album he used multiple alias names. Edwards continues to produce and remix tracks today, and has many tours planned for the future. In 2012, Edwards released the EP "I Want You Back" made in collaboration with French producer Surkin. In April 2013, he revealed that he had contributed to Daft Punk's album "Random Access Memories"; he expressed that it was difficult keeping his involvement a secret. He provided vocals for "Fragments of Time" and co-wrote the song.
His upcoming project is a vocal album featuring Edwards' own singing and co-produced by engineer Peter Franco. Edwards noted that Thomas Bangalter of Daft Punk convinced him to pursue such a project, and may oversee it.

</doc>
<doc id="18362338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362338" title="Weavers' cottage">
Weavers' cottage

A weavers' cottage was (and to an extent is) a type of house used by weavers for cloth production in the putting-out system sometimes known as the domestic system.
Weavers' cottages were common in Great Britain, often with dwelling quarters on the lower floors and loom-shop on the top floor. Cellar loomshops on the ground floor or in the basement were found where cotton was woven, as they provided high humidity. A loom-shop can be often recognised by a long row of windows which provided maximum light for the weaver.
Cottage industry.
Medieval period peasants' cottages have rarely survived, while the prestigious dwellings of merchants and traders are still in evidence. The urban poor manufactured items in the living area of their cottages. The rural poor, bound to the land owner, worked in one of their master's buildings. With the rise of a non-agrarian society, subsistence level domestic manufacture became common, and the introduction of machinery required either the living room to be enlarged and modified or the addition of a separate room. Requirements were similar for any domestic manufacturing craft industry.
In a rural home the living room was enlarged so the weaver could benefit from heat from the single hearth. To provide enough light to operate a loom, a long window of up to ten lights occupied one wall. Alternatively, an extra storey was added so that manufacture was separated from family life. The loom shop was marked by the long multi-light mullioned window that became common in urban settings. Three-storey terraced cottages are now referred to as Weavers' cottages.
Most extant cottages in the north-west date from the late-18th and early-19th century when weaving had ceased to be a sideline. They were adapted or built specially at a time when spinning technology was sufficiently advanced to supply the needs of the weavers. Wool and silk manufacture were slower to adopt power driven looms than the cotton industry. Terraces of three-storey brick-built domestic workshops were built in Macclesfield after silk weaving was introduced around 1790 and more than 600 weavers had looms in their homes in 1825. Domestic workshops for velvet cutting survived in the Cadishead area until 1914.
Loomshop.
To be an efficient manufacturing facility, a loomshop needed good daylight, controlled ventilation, un-obstructed space, provision for storage, heat, and access for goods and workers. Hand looms were manual, the artisan raised the heddles using foot levers, and threw the shuttle the width of the loom by hand, forward and back. The left hand was used to operate the batten that compressed the pick. Broader cloth could not be woven this way, so the weaver used a child to throw back the shuttle. John Kay's flying shuttle of 1733, removed the need for the child. The weaver jerked the two hammers or pickers with a picking stick held in the right hand. The pickers propelled the shuttle, and the left hand operated the batten.
A loom shop would either be built as an attached shed entered from outside or as a garret above the house entered through a trap-door from below or by external stairs to minimize disruption when a new beam was brought in. Animal fibres (wool, silk) did not need sizing so considerations of humidity were unimportant. It was usual for a loomshop to contain three or four looms which were worked by members of the family. In the house below was a kitchen and scullery and living room on the ground floor and two bedrooms on the first, a typical two-up-two-down cottage. Sometimes a row of cottages would have a common loom-shop above, allowing several looms to be worked.
It was believed that artisan weavers wove cloth during poor weather and worked on their land when possible. It is more likely that some weavers worked full-time at the loom, breaking off to help their neighbours during the harvest. Some smallholders were weavers to supplement their main income. Full-time weavers tended to cluster in rows of cottages forming a hamlet while the smallholders cottage was likely to be solitary.
The man of the house was the most productive and worked full-time, his wife shared her time between the loom and childcare. Unmarried children were employed and trained on the job.
Lancashire cellar loomshops.
By the end of the 17th century three localised areas of textile production could be identified in Lancashire. Linen was woven in the west of the county and in Manchester while in upland Pennine regions, woollens were woven and in central Lancashire the emphasis was on fustians, cloth made with a linen warp and wool weft. In central Lancashire weavers subsequently switched to calico, cloth with a cotton warp and a cotton weft. In the 1790s, the demand for calico expanded and more towns switched to cottton weaving producing cloth for the emerging printing industry.
Weaving cotton requires humid conditions and cotton needed to be sized, strands of warp thread were coated with a layer of paste to prevent chafing against the healds and reeds in the batten. If the size hardened it broke the thread. Loomshops were built in the basement or on the ground floor. The weavers kept the floor beneath the loom moist, sometimes by digging channels into the clay floor and pouring in water. The loomshop was entered through the family accommodation so humidity was not lost to the outside. In such a cottage, one ground floor room became the manufactory, and the family lived in the other, a kitchen living room. Sometimes a basement was excavated beneath the family home lit by elongated windows. The term 'cellar loomshop' was used for both ground floor and basement establishments.
In the peak years of handloom weaving around 1820, there were 170,000 handloom weavers in Lancashire . The 1851 census recorded 55,000 hand loom weavers in the county while the 1861 census records 30,000 and the 1871 census 10,000. By 1891, few were left. The figures give some indication of number of weavers cottages that existed. It is probable that there would be four looms in each shop. 
Legacy.
At the time of rapid urbanisation, rows of terraced houses were constructed to accommodate the new urban workers. In East Anglia detached cottages were built from timber and cob, while woollen weaving communities favoured three-storey two-up two-down with a loom shop above.
The loomshop design was adequate until power was needed and in a sense the early weaving sheds were extended loom shops.
In art.
In 1884, Vincent van Gogh made a series of drawings and paintings of rural artisan weavers and the loomshops in their cottages. Van Gogh was interested in the "meditative appearance" of the weavers. "A weaver who has to direct and to interweave a great many little threads has no time to philosophize about it, but rather he is so absorbed in his work that he doesn't think but acts, and he feels how things must go more than he can explain it." he wrote in 1883.
By then rural weaving was not a prosperous trade; income varied dramatically depending upon crop yields for material and market conditions. Weavers were living a poor life, especially in comparison to urban centers of textile manufacturing nearby such as Leiden. The rural artisan's livelihood had become increasingly precarious.
Van Gogh wrote to his brother Theo, "Their life is hard. A weaver who stays hard at work makes a piece of about 60 yards a week. While he weaves, his wife has to sit before him, winding – in other words, winding the spools of yarn – so there are two of them who work and have to make a living from it."

</doc>
<doc id="18362381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362381" title="Hurtado">
Hurtado

Hurtado is a Spanish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18362400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362400" title="Hurtado de Mendoza">
Hurtado de Mendoza

Hurtado de Mendoza may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18362497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362497" title="Mother Sky">
Mother Sky

"Mother Sky" is a song by the krautrock group Can, written by members Holger Czukay, Jaki Liebezeit, Michael Karoli, Irmin Schmidt, and Damo Suzuki. Lasting fourteen and a half minutes, it was recorded in July 1970 for the soundtrack of Jerzy Skolimowski's film "Deep End" and released in 1970 on Can's "Soundtracks" album. It opens in mid guitar solo before settling down into a familiar Can groove as singer Damo Suzuki mulls the relative merits of madness and "Mother Sky".
"Mother Sky" was covered by the UK band Loop for their "Black Sun" 12" in 1988 and is available as a bonus track on the "Fade Out" CD.
It was also covered by Th' Faith Healers on their debut album "Lido" in 1992.
In March 2005, "Q" magazine placed "Mother Sky" at number 48 in its list of the 100 Greatest Guitar Tracks.
Soundtrack.
It is heard in Fatih Akin's 2002 Solino.
References.
Here is link to the guitar solo: http://www.spoonrecords.com/sounds/MikiSolo.mp3

</doc>
<doc id="18362503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362503" title="List of managers and coaches who have qualified for the UEFA Pro Licence">
List of managers and coaches who have qualified for the UEFA Pro Licence

The following managers and coaches have passed the qualifications required in order to hold a UEFA Pro Licence, the highest-level managerial qualification in association football.
Italy.
Qualified in 2003.
"Official FIGC list"
Qualified in 2004.
"Official FIGC list"
Qualified in 2005.
"Official FIGC list"
Qualified in 2006.
"Official FIGC list"
Qualified in 2007.
"Official FIGC list"
Qualified in 2008.
"Official FIGC list"
Qualified in 2009.
"Official FIGC list"
Qualified in 2010.
"Official FIGC list"
Qualified in 2011.
"Official FIGC list"
Qualified in 2012.
"Official FIGC list"
Qualification outside England and Italy.
Some managers and coaches that have completed the Pro Licence outside England and Italy include:
Coaching diplomas.
The following list of managers were awarded a diploma as a result of 10 years experience:
The following coaches attended the Diploma Course in 2003:

</doc>
<doc id="18362504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362504" title="Mount Morris, Pennsylvania">
Mount Morris, Pennsylvania

Mount Morris is an census-designated place in Greene County, Pennsylvania, United States. Its located in Perry Township, near I-79. As of the 2010 census the population was 737 residents.
Geography.
Mount Morris is located at (39.733135, -80.067842), on Interstate 79 near the West Virginia state line. Its elevation is 938 feet (286 m).
Places of interest.
High Point Raceway, a motocross track, is located in Mount Morris. The track hosts races in the AMA Motocross Championships series,
including the High Point Nationals held each Memorial Day weekend.

</doc>
<doc id="18362512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362512" title="Anari (1975 film)">
Anari (1975 film)

Anari is a 1975 Bollywood romance film directed by Asit Sen.
Playback singers.
Asha Bhosle

</doc>
<doc id="18362524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362524" title="Chikubayama Masakuni">
Chikubayama Masakuni

Chikubayama Masakuni (born August 21, 1957) is a former sumo wrestler from Ukiha, Fukuoka, Japan.
Career.
He joined Miyagino stable and debuted in March 1973. His ring name (shikona) was named after former "yokozuna" Yoshibayama, his stablemaster. His active career was relatively modest. He had not been able to reach the top "makuuchi" division for a long time, but finally reached it in September 1986. He spent only two tournaments in the top division, peaking at maegashira 13.
Retirement from sumo.
He retired from being an active wrestler in January 1989. He became the Miyagino stablemaster in the same year. He recruited later "yokozuna" Hakuhō Shō. He was forced to give up the Miyagino elder name in 2004 when it was acquired by the former Kanechika (he had apparently only been renting it from the widow of the previous coach), but he remained in the stable under the name Kumagatani, and was still regarded as Hakuho's mentor. In December 2010 he regained the Miyagino name and status of head coach after Kanechika was demoted by the Japan Sumo Association for being caught on tape discussing alleged match-fixing.

</doc>
<doc id="18362564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362564" title="Brian MacLeod">
Brian MacLeod

Brian MacLeod may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18362613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362613" title="Soolätte">
Soolätte

Soolatte is a settlement in Varstu Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362625" title="Isidre Nonell">
Isidre Nonell

Isidre Nonell i Monturiol (, ) (November 30, 1872, Barcelona, Spain – February 21, 1911, Barcelona) a Catalonian painter and drawer belonging to post-impressionism known for his expressive portrayal of the socially marginalized of Barcelona society. (He is also said to belong to modernism and postmodernism.)
Life.
Isidre Nonell was born in 1872 (not in 1873 as indicated by some biographers). His parents, Isidre Nonell i Torras de Arenys de Mar and Àngela Monturiol i Francàs of Barcelona, owned a small but prosperous factory of soup noodles. Together with his childhood friend, Joaquim Mir, with whom he attended the same school in the neighborhood of Sant Pere in the old part of town in Barcelona, he developed artistic ambitions at an early age.
His early teachers included Josep Mirabent, Gabriel Martínez Altés and Lluís Graner. From 1893 to 1895 he studied at the Escola de Belles Arts de Barcelona (Fine Arts School of Barcelona). He met Ricard Canals, Ramón Pichot, Juli Vallmitjana, Adrià Gual, and Joaquin Sunyer with whom he developed an interest in landscape painting, studying light. The study of sunlight and its effects on color were a main part of Impressionism, which was then active. They were called the "Saffron Group" for the warm tones they used, as well as the "Sant Martí Group" after the town they painted in.
In 1894, he began producing illustrations for "La Vanguardia". He later drew for other periodicals, including "L'Esquella de la Torratxa", "Barcelona Cómica", "Pèl & Ploma", and "Forma".
In 1896, Nonell went with Ricard Canals and Juli Vallmitjana to the spa town of Caldes de Boí in the Catalonian Pyrenees to work at the spa run by Vallmitjana's family. There, he saw a large number of people suffering from the illness of cretinism, which became a subject of his paintings.
In February 1897, he went to Paris with Ricard Canals. There he exhibited and shared a studio with Picasso. He returned to Barcelona in 1900. At the beginning of 1901, he made paintings of women, such as gypsy and working-class women, and still lifes. He exhibited in the Sala París in Barcelona twice, in 1902 and 1903. The reaction to his works of poor gypsy women was very hostile.
His Work.
The oil paintings show the influence of impressionism and pointillism expressed in a new way. Thick strokes layered one after another do not quite mix colors in the eye, leaving a directness of emotion. His subjects, most often women, are the poor and marginalized people of society: poor women (often with children), gypsies, wounded soldiers repatriated from the Cuban war, and people suffering from cretinism.
Though, his magazine drawings were critical of society, his other works show a deep feeling for those who suffered. His frank portrayal of poverty earned him mostly criticism and rejection.

</doc>
<doc id="18362655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362655" title="Woolley, Cambridgeshire">
Woolley, Cambridgeshire

Woolley is a hamlet in Barham and Woolley civil parish, part of the Huntingdonshire district of Cambridgeshire, England. 
A 12th century church dedicated to St. Mary was demolished in 1962 due to dwindling population and the deteriorating fabric of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="18362670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362670" title="Andhera">
Andhera

Andhera ("The Darkness") is a 1975 Bollywood horror film directed by Shyam Ramsay and Tulsi Ramsay.

</doc>
<doc id="18362761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362761" title="Pähni">
Pähni

Pahni is a settlement in Varstu Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362784" title="Kilomani">
Kilomani

Kilomani is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362789" title="Andolan (1995 film)">
Andolan (1995 film)

Andolan is a 1995 Bollywood film starring Govinda, Sanjay Dutt, Mamta Kulkarni and Somy Ali, directed by Aziz Sejawal and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala.

</doc>
<doc id="18362792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362792" title="Taheva">
Taheva

Taheva is a settlement in Taheva Parish, Valga County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362819" title="Nishi Kani Station">
Nishi Kani Station

It provides access to the Kani campus of Meijo University.
This station was opened on .
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18362824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362824" title="Kellämäe">
Kellämäe

Kellämäe is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362840" title="Hulaku">
Hulaku

Hulaku is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362851" title="Tiilige">
Tiilige

Tiilike is a settlement in Misso Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362853" title="Kanigawa Station">
Kanigawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18362881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362881" title="Nihon Rhine Imawatari Station">
Nihon Rhine Imawatari Station

It was opened on .
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18362882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362882" title="Ruusmäe">
Ruusmäe

Ruusmäe is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.
Rogosi manor.
Rogosi estate () in Ruusmäe village was founded circa 1600, during the Polish time, by the Polish nobleman Stanislav Rogosinsky. This fist edifice was probably made of wood and smaller than the presently visible main building.
The estate belonged to the von Liepsdorff family between 1629 and 1776, and during their ownership the current building was constructed. It was heavily reconstructed in the 19th century, when it belonged to the von Glasenapp family. In 1918-20 the estate was nationalised during the sweeping land reforms that followed the Estonian Declaration of Independence. The son of the last owner, Guido von Glasenapp, was given compensation in the form of another farm in recognition for his service during the Estonian War of Independence. The manor was however left empty and fell into ruins during the 1920s. In 1930-34, it was renovated and put into use as a school. A restoration was carried out in 1989-1991 and again in 1999.
The manor is open to the public and houses a school, guest house, and a local museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18362896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362896" title="H.a.n.d.">
H.a.n.d.

h.a.n.d.'s earliest known game is "Treasure Strike: Full Swing", developed in collaboration with publisher, Kid, who released the PC follow-up to the Dreamcast original in 2004. The company consists of two other divisions—North Point Inc. for the development of mobile phone apps and other software, and S.N.S. Inc. who work on social games for Facebook and Mixi for external publishers.

</doc>
<doc id="18362902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362902" title="Pahiatua (New Zealand electorate)">
Pahiatua (New Zealand electorate)

Pahiatua is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate in the Wairarapa region. It existed from 1896 to 1996, and was represented by nine Members of Parliament, including Prime Minister Keith Holyoake for 34 years.
Population centres.
In the 1896 electoral redistribution, rapid population growth in the North Island required the transfer of three seats from the South Island to the north. Four electorates that previously existed were re-established, and three electorates were established for the first time, including Pahiatua. The original area of the Pahiatua electorate included the towns of Pahiatua and Woodville. Over time, the electorate shifted slightly north, until the town of Dannevirke was covered following the 1918 electoral redistribution.
The 1946 electoral redistribution took the abolition of the country quota into account, and as a rural electorate, the area covered by the Pahiatua electorate increased significantly. The electorate to the south was abolished, and its area distributed to the and Pahiatua electorate. Eketahuna and Castlepoint were gained by the electorate in that process.
History.
The Pahiatua electorate existed from 1896 to 1996. Early holders of the seat were John O'Meara from 1896 to 1904, William Henry Hawkins from 1904 to 1905, Robert Beatson Ross from 1905 to 1911, James Escott from 1911 to 1916, Harold Smith from 1916 to 1919, Archibald McNicol from 1919 to 1922, and Alfred Ransom from 1922 to 1943.
The seat was held by Prime Minister Keith Holyoake for 34 years, until he resigned to become Governor-General. In 1996 John Falloon, who had been the MP for Pahiatua for 19 years, chose to retire.
Members of Parliament.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="18362906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362906" title="Varstu">
Varstu

Varstu is a small borough ("") in Varstu Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362917" title="Shin-Kani Station">
Shin-Kani Station

It was opened on . 
Lines.
While not part of Shin-Kani Station, JR Kani Station, or just Kani Station, is right next to Meitetsu Shin-Kani Station. Kani Station is on the Taita Line bound for Tajimi and Mino-Ōta.
Layout.
Platforms.
There are two physical platforms. One physical platform has Platform 1, which serves trains bound for Mitake. Although the line from Shin-Kani to Mitake is a continuation of the same Hiromi Line from Inuyama, the lines are physically disconnected at Shin-Kani Station and passengers wishing to go beyond Shin-Kani must transfer at Shin-Kani. There is a second wicket within the station for such passengers. Therefore, passengers transferring must pass through one set of gates, and passengers starting their trip at Shin-Kani must pass through two sets of gates. Platform 1 supports trains with no more than two cars, so only so-called "one man" trains can go from Shin-Kani to Mitake. 
The other physical platform has Platform 2 and Platform 3, both serving trains bound for Inuyama. Platform 2 can support trains with no more than 4 cars, and Platform 3 can support trains with no more than 6 cars.
There is one exit. When leaving, there is a convenience store on the left and ticket machines and a staff window on the right. Outside the station are taxis and on the station's right, when exiting, is JR's Kani Station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18362918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362918" title="1913 Canadian National Challenge Cup">
1913 Canadian National Challenge Cup

The 1913 Connaught Cup was the inaugural edition of the Canadian National Challenge Cup, one of the oldest soccer tournaments in Canada and one of the first national championships. It was won by Norwood Wanders of St. Boniface, Manitoba. Current editions of the tournament feature a representative from each provincial association and a final match; in 1913, the competition was played in a four-team league format (under the old system, a win was worth 2 points with a draw worth 1).

</doc>
<doc id="18362923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362923" title="Korkuna">
Korkuna

Korkuna is a settlement in Taheva Parish, Valga County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18362930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362930" title="SeaGen">
SeaGen

SeaGen is the world's first large scale commercial tidal stream generator. It was four times more powerful than any other tidal stream generator in the world at the time of installation.
The first SeaGen generator was installed in Strangford Narrows between Strangford and Portaferry in Northern Ireland in April 2008 and was connected to the grid in July 2008. It generates 1.2 MW for between 18 and 20 hours a day while the tides are forced in and out of Strangford Lough through the Narrows. Strangford Lough was also the site of the very first known tide mill in the world, the Nendrum Monastery mill where remains dating from 787 have been excavated.
Background.
Marine Current Turbines, the developer of SeaGen, demonstrated first prototype of tidal stream generator in 1994 with a 15 kilowatt system in Loch Linnhe, off the west coast of Scotland. In May 2003, the prototype for SeaGen, 'SeaFlow', was installed off the coast of Lynmouth, North Devon, England. Seaflow was a single rotor turbine which generated 300 kW but was not connected to the grid. SeaFlow was the world's first offshore tidal generator, and remained the world's largest until SeaGen was installed.
Technology.
SeaGen generator weighs 300 tonnes. each driving a generator through a gearbox like a hydro-electric or wind turbine. These turbines have a patented feature by which the rotor blades can be pitched through 180 degrees allowing them to operate in both flow directions – on ebb and flood tides. The power units of each system are mounted on arm-like extensions either side of a tubular steel monopile some in diameter and the arms with the power units can be raised above the surface for safe and easy maintenance access. The SeaGen was built at Belfast's Harland and Wolff's shipyards.
Environmental impact.
SeaGen has been licensed to operate over a period of 5 years, during which there will be a comprehensive environmental monitoring programme to determine the precise impact on the marine environment.
Problems.
During the commissioning of the system a software error caused the blades of one of the turbines to be damaged. This left the turbine operating at half power until autumn 2008. The incident is being investigated and MCT is confident that it will not happen again.
Full power operation was finally achieved on 18 Dec 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18362938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362938" title="Akechi Station (Kani)">
Akechi Station (Kani)

Layout.
The station has two platforms serving three tracks as illustrated below.

</doc>
<doc id="18362956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362956" title="Gōdo Station (Gifu)">
Gōdo Station (Gifu)

Layout.
The station has one platform serving one track.

</doc>
<doc id="18362959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362959" title="Krćevac">
Krćevac

Krćevac (Cyrillic: Крћевац) is a village in the Topola municipality of the Šumadija District in Central Serbia, located 3.9 km from Zagorica and 5.2 km from Topola.
Etymology.
The name "Krćevac" stems from "krčanje" which translates to "burning/clearing of forest". The region of Šumadija was/is densely wooded and so the village owes its name to the intense forest clearing effort that was undertaken when the area was settled. Local lore holds that the area of today's Krćevac burned for three months before the land became clear for farming.
Demographics.
According to the 1991 census data, the population was 794. According to the 2002 census, this had declined slightly to 775, composed of 636 adults, with an average age of 42.9 years (41.9 years among males and 43.8 years among females). There were 216 households in the village with an average of 3.59 members per household.
In 2002, Serbs constituted 98.7% of the population, Montenegrins 1.03%, Croats 0.12%, and Muslims 0.12%.
Historic Sites.
Krćevac is home to a fountain built by Alexander Karađorđević on 29 September 1858. Karađorđević built the fountain on the land that he had known, and tended to, since childhood. The land was the same location of Karađorđe Petrović's farm fields. The land was sold by the House of Obrenović during the 1868-1883 period. 
The Ottoman Turks referred to Krćevac as Karađorđe's House of Hajduks ('"ajdučka kuća") due to the wooded areas of Krćevac serving as a safe haven for those who fought to abolish Turkish rule during the First Serbian Uprising.

</doc>
<doc id="18362978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362978" title="Blue Ribbon fishery">
Blue Ribbon fishery

A Blue Ribbon fishery is a designation made in the United States by government and other authorities to identify recreational fisheries of extremely high quality. Official "Blue Ribbon" status is generally based on a set of established criteria which typically addresses the following elements:
Criteria as used by Utah Division of Wildlife Resources. Specific criteria may vary by state.
Many quality recreational fisheries are informally referred to as "Blue Ribbon" by government agencies, tourist, media, environmental, sportsman organizations and writers, but are not officially designated as such by established criteria.

</doc>
<doc id="18362980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362980" title="Mitakeguchi Station">
Mitakeguchi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18362985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362985" title="2008 Rogers Masters – Singles">
2008 Rogers Masters – Singles

Novak Djokovic was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals to Andy Murray.
Rafael Nadal won in the final 6–3, 6–2, against Nicolas Kiefer.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18362996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18362996" title="Mitake Station (Gifu)">
Mitake Station (Gifu)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18363002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363002" title="Freedom of the City of Dublin">
Freedom of the City of Dublin

The Freedom of the City of Dublin is an award bestowed by the people of Dublin in Ireland on a person nominated by the Lord Mayor. It is usually awarded for contributions made to the life of the city, as an honour given to certain visiting dignitaries.
This award is rarely given; only 76 people have been given the Freedom of Dublin. Among the recipients are American presidents John F. Kennedy and Bill Clinton, as well as Mother Teresa. Two recipients who were unable to attend to receive the award are Nelson Mandela, who was still in prison, and also Aung San Suu Kyi, who was under house arrest. However, Mandela accepted his award a few months after his release from captivity at an open-air ceremony outside the Lord Mayor's residence, the Mansion House, on 1 July 1990, and Suu Kyi received her award on 18 June 2012 during a six-hour visit to the city.
U2 and Paul McGuinness are also holders of this award. Other recipients are Bob Geldof, Ronnie Delany, Louis le Brocquy, and Thomas Kinsella. Rugby player Brian O'Driscoll and human rights campaigner Father Peter McVerry S.J. will be given the award in 2014.
Ancient privileges and duties.
Holders of this award have some ancient privileges and duties such as:
Some of the ancient duties are that,

</doc>
<doc id="18363038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363038" title="2008 Rogers Cup – Singles">
2008 Rogers Cup – Singles

Justine Henin was the defending champion, but retired from the sport on May 14, 2008.
Dinara Safina won in the final 6–2, 6–1, against Dominika Cibulková.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18363039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363039" title="Boing (Italy)">
Boing (Italy)

Boing is an Italian TV channel marketed at children and teenagers, produced and broadcast in Italy by Mediaset and TBSE. It is available on digital terrestrial television and digital satellite television. The French and Spanish versions of Boing also launched.

</doc>
<doc id="18363051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363051" title="Apne Rang Hazaar">
Apne Rang Hazaar

Apne Rang Hazaar is a 1975 Bollywood film, which was directed by director Ravi Tandon. The soundtrack is composed by Laxmikant-Pyarelal and features playback singer Lata Mangeshkar.

</doc>
<doc id="18363117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363117" title="700 Eleventh Street">
700 Eleventh Street

700 Eleventh Street is a high-rise building and the is the second tallest commercial building in Washington, D.C..
The building is a twin building to Metro Center I, which is one block away. The building stands at 199 feet (61 meters) with 13 floors, and was completed in 1992. It is currently the 6th-tallest building in Washington, D.C. The architectural firm who designed the building was the firms Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (New York), Melvin Mitchell Architects. It currently serves as the headquarters for the law firm Williams & Connolly.

</doc>
<doc id="18363122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363122" title="Magic Tour Highlights">
Magic Tour Highlights

Magic Tour Highlights is an EP by Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band, which consists of four live audio tracks and their accompanying videos, and was released for digital download on July 15, 2008. The performances were recorded during the 2008 Magic Tour, and feature guest musicians, as well as Danny Federici's last performance with the group.
The proceeds from the sales will support the Danny Federici Melanoma Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="18363132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363132" title="2008 Rogers Masters – Doubles">
2008 Rogers Masters – Doubles

Mahesh Bhupathi and Pavel Vízner were the defending champions. They were both present but did not compete together.
Bhupathi partnered with Mark Knowles, but lost in the quarterfinals to Lukáš Dlouhý and Leander Paes
Vízner partnered with Martin Damm, but lost in the second round to Mario Ančić and Jeff Coetzee.
Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić won in the final 6–2, 4–6, [10–6], against Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan.
Seeds.
All seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18363146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363146" title="Peter J. Reynolds">
Peter J. Reynolds

Peter John Reynolds (6 November 1939 – 26 September 2001) was a British archaeologist known for his research in experimental archaeology and the British Iron Age and for being recruited as the first director of Butser Ancient Farm, a working replica of an Iron Age farmstead in Hampshire.
Early life.
Reynolds was born on 6 November 1939 in Shifnal, Shropshire, England. He was educated at The Priory School, Shrewsbury. He read Classics at Trinity College, Dublin, graduating in 1962 with a Double First. He then studied for a teaching diploma at Reading University.
Career.
After completing his teaching diploma, Reynolds became the classics master at Prince Henry's Grammar School, Evesham. Here, he was also a Sixth Form tutor. 
Reynolds was the director of the Butser Iron Age farm, a living experiment in Iron Age archaeology. Public education was a major focus of the farm, as was furthering archaeological knowledge. Over the years of its operation, hundreds of experiments were conducted at Butser covering a wide range of subjects in Iron Age life in Britain, including the construction of houses, the storage of grain, the keeping of livestock, and the production and use of ancient technologies. 
Reynolds was an innovative researcher, who made a major contribution to our understanding of Iron Age life.
A full list of his publications can be found here http://www.butser.org.uk/iafhist08_hcc.html.<br>
The work of Butser Farm is described here http://www.butser.org.uk/
He demonstrated that ancient roundhouse dwellings could be constructed without a hole to let smoke escape, a feature that may have drawn the interior air through far too quickly, but that the smoke simply passed through the thatched roofs.
Personal life.
Reynolds was twice married. He married Bridget in 1976. Together, they had a daughter, Jemma.

</doc>
<doc id="18363147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363147" title="Pimplinae">
Pimplinae

Pimplinae are a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae. 
Pimplinae are idiobiont ectoparasitoids of Holometabola often the pupae of Lepidoptera. Species of "Tromatobia" parasitize the egg sacs and adults of spiders, 
There are 95 genera.
Pimplinae are (very generally) sturdy black species with orange markings.The first tergite is box-like with the spiracle anterior to the middle.

</doc>
<doc id="18363149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363149" title="Clarkoceras">
Clarkoceras

Clarkoceras is a breviconic ellesmerocerid cephalopod, one of only two genera known to have crossed from the Late Cambrian, Trempealeauan, into the Early Ordovician, Gasconadian. (Flower 1964, Teichert 1988); the other being "Ectenolites".
Description.
Clarkoceras has a rapidly expanding, laterally compressed, relatively short, endogastrically cyrtoconic shell; The upper or dosal side is more strongly convex longitudinally than the lower or ventral side is concave. Sutures are essentially straight and close spaced indicating very short camerae (chambers). The siphuncle is relatively large, 0.3 the dorsoventral dimension and is ventral, although not necessarily marginal. (Flower 1964, Furnish and Glenister 1964).Septal necks are straight, reaching about half way back to the previous septum and the connecting rings are thick and layered 
Taxonomy.
"Clarkoceras" was first thought by Clarke to be a pilocerid, who in 1897 give it the name "Piloceras newton-winchelli". Ruedemann in 1905 recognized this as belonging to the Ellesmerocerida and renamed it "Clarkoceras newton-winchelli" (Clarke), which became the genotype.
Distribution and Range.
The earliest known "Clarkoceras" comes from the upper Trempealeauan Wanwankou Member of the Fengshan Formation in northern China, one of twelve ellesmeroceratid genera from the upper Late Cambrian. (Chen and Teichert 1983, Teichert 1988). In North America "Clarkoceras" is found in early Lower Ordovician, Gasconadian age shallow marine sediments near Smith Basin, State of New York, the Llano Uplift of Central Texas, and the El Paso Group of the eastern Rocky Mountains of Trans-Pecos Texas and Southern New Mexico. 

</doc>
<doc id="18363151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363151" title="Disease surveillance in China">
Disease surveillance in China

Surveillance for communicable diseases is the main public health surveillance activity in China. Currently, the disease surveillance system in China has three major components:
There are 35 notifiable infectious diseases, which are divided into Classes A, B, and C. The functions of the surveillance include explaining the natural history of infectious diseases, describing the distribution of case occurrence, triggering disease-control effort, monitoring epidemic of infectious diseases during natural disasters, predicting and controlling epidemics and providing the base of policy adjustment.
Data collected through the disease surveillance network serve as the basis for formulating health policies and devising strategies for preventing disease. A computerized reporting system for notifiable diseases has been established that links China's 30 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities. Mechanisms for providing timely feedback to units that report data and for systematically assessing the quality of those data are important attributes of this system.
National Disease Reporting System (NDRS).
In 1959, a system for reporting infectious diseases was established. Data collected at the village level are reported to prevention units in township hospitals. From the prevention units, data are transmitted through county health and epidemic-prevention stations to provincial centers and then on to the Chinese Academy of Preventive Medicine. Since 1977, the Ministry of Public Health has convened annual meetings to analyze these data on the morbidity and mortality associated with infectious diseases.
In 1987, a Nationwide Antiepidemic Computer Telecommunication Network (NATCN) was established as an official information system for the National Disease Reporting System (NDRS). The Ministry of Public Health and the provincial centers of health and epidemic prevention support this network, which monitors disease epidemics at various levels within the public health system. As technical facilities of the network improve, use of the NACTN will expand into all aspects of public health surveillance.
Computer Network Development.
After receiving approval from the Ministry of Public Health in 1986, the Chinese Academy of Preventive Medicine (CAPM) began to establish a nationwide microcomputer communication network. The purpose was to link all the country's provincial centers of health and epidemic prevention in an effort to improve the system for preventing epidemics. After a year was spent establishing and modifying the system, a network that connected the capitals of 30 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities began operating in 1987. The primary function of the network was to collect data on the morbidity and mortality associated with reportable communicable diseases, to obtain information on outbreaks of other types of disease, and to provide monthly and annual reports to local and national health authorities.
Morbidity and Mortality Monthly Reports (MMMR).
Each month, all provinces transmit county-level summaries of the numbers of cases and deaths associated with 35 notifiable communicable diseases to the Academy of Preventive Medicine. Reports are sent on the 13th to 15th day of each month via the NACTN. At the central node of NACTN, the Academy's Center of Computer Science and Health Statistics compiles and analyzes the data, provides feedback to the provinces, and creates national summaries within one week. Copies of the MMMR are distributed regularly to health authorities at various levels.
Morbidity and Mortality Annual Report (MMAR).
Each January, all provinces provide supplementary reports to revise and update the monthly reports submitted during the previous year. Age- and occupation-specific reports of mortality and morbidity are also submitted at this time. In April, after the surveillance data have been reviewed at the national meeting on epidemic diseases, the MMAR and other analytical reports are distributed.
Computer Telecommunication of Surveillance Data: Technical Issues.
Until the 1980s, no public digital communications system was available in China. In establishing the nationwide communication network, modems with common analog telephone lines had to be used. Making this large communication system run successfully posed major challenges. With some of the problems in mind, the system was designed to have strong fault-tolerant redundancy - with the capability for self-correction - to overcome the myriad of problems caused by poor-quality telephone lines and cumbersome telephone exchange systems.
The NACTN was enhanced by incorporating the following functions.
Future Developments of the NACTN.
In collaboration with the NACTN, a few provinces have established subnetworks to facilitate local communication.
National Disease Surveillance Points (DSPs).
In the period 1980-1989, the network of DSPs covered 29 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities that had a combined population of 10 million persons (<1% of China's population). When the network was proposed in 1978, it was not possible to obtain a population-based random sample. Because participation in the network was voluntary, the data collected were biased, even after attempts were made to adjust the sample to improve national representativeness. Persons covered by the DSPs tended to be from the upper-middle socioeconomic stratum.
In 1989, efforts were begun to select a new sample of surveillance points. We used stratified cluster random sampling to select 145 DSPs in 30 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities, which have a combined population structure similar to that shown in the national census. Data on individual births and deaths, as well as on infectious diseases and certain types of behaviors (e.g., tobacco smoking), are recorded. At the household level, information on socioeconomic indicators, health-care conditions, and environmental factors is collected.
Information obtained from the DSPs is compared with data obtained from the National Disease Reporting System to enable policymakers to estimate more accurately the burden of morbidity and mortality associated with infectious disease. More importantly, policy makers can evaluate information from the DSPs in relation to the economic development, cultural background, and health-care-service use by the population covered by this surveillance system.
Data collected at DSPs:
Each month, data collected by the township hospitals and village prevention units are submitted to the country, which then conveys the information through the provincial centers to the Chinese Academy of Preventive Medicine. The Academy distributes monthly reports to the Ministry of Public Health, to provincial health authorities, and to all DSPs. An annual report is also published and distributed.
Surveys and Investigations.
Surveys and investigations are conducted by the DSPs to improve the quality and promote the use of data collected. These surveys and investigations are designed to generate information that can be used by policymakers. At present, the following activities are being undertaken:
Development of the Network of Disease Surveillance Points.
Samples of persons already monitored under existing DSPs will be used for data collection to address important and emerging public health issues. Issues to be addressed include a prospective study of the health consequences of smoking, an assessment of drinking-water quality and disease occurrence, an evaluation of the national "Expanded Program on Immunization", and an epidemiologic study of hepatitis. By selecting samples in this fashion, investigators can correlate data from these special studies with data routinely collected under the system of DSPs.
Surveillance of Specific Infectious diseases.
The following are examples of surveillance for specific infectious diseases.
Quality control of data collection.
Quality control (QC) in association with data collection (DC) has been an important component of disease-surveillance activities in China.
Use of surveillance data for control of disease.
Surveillance data have been used to implement and evaluate public health programs.
When six provinces around the Yangtze River were heavily flooded in 1991, the central government expressed serious concern about disease-prevention activities in these provinces. In response, experts were dispatched to the flooded area, and prevention guidelines were developed and distributed to the affected provinces. Simultaneously, a system for collecting daily reports of disease activity was established. Every 3 days, DSP data on infectious disease morbidity were compared with data from previous years to identify potential outbreaks. For example, rates of hepatitis during the flood were compared with rates for the comparable time periods from the preceding 2 years. Data collected from June to October 1991 indicated that infectious diseases had been controlled effectively during the flood.
In a study sponsored by the World Bank, data collected in DSPs in the period 1986-1989 have been used to study the epidemiologic transition in China. Mortality from leading causes of death was projected for 2010 and 2030. After risk factors were assessed and the impact of preventive programs on these chronic diseases was estimated, mortality rates were recalculated. These analyses were used to develop recommendations for program planning to the Ministry of Health.
After surveillance data on morbidity from meningitis in China were reviewed by empirical analysis and Boyer's Theorem, it was predicted that morbidity from this disease would peak in 1984 or 1985. Additional analyses suggested that the vaccination program that had been conducted for several years, which provided vaccination only for children <12 months of age, would not be adequate to control the predicted upsurge in disease. Therefore, a new vaccination program was adopted that expanded coverage to all children <5 years of age in areas in which surveillance data (including serum epidemiologic data) identified a high risk of meningitis outbreaks. The results in Henan Province suggested that the intensified vaccination coverage was successful in decreasing rates of meningitis.
After data from 1988 to 1989 on rates of poliomyelitis and vaccination coverage were reviewed, high-risk areas were identified. In these areas, persons received supplementary vaccination in 1989-1990. By 1991, rates of poliomyelitis had begun to fall.

</doc>
<doc id="18363152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363152" title="Omega Training Group">
Omega Training Group

Omega Training Group, Inc. was a company that provided analysis, training development, Interactive Multimedia Instruction (IMI), and integrated logistics support for defense-oriented programs. Omega provided products and services to United States Department of Defense agencies, the defense industry, and commercial clients.
Headquartered in Columbus, Georgia, USA, just north of the U.S. Army Infantry Center and School at Fort Benning, Omega employed approximately 750 employees in locations all over the United States.
On July 29, 2008 Cubic Corporation finalized the acquisition of Omega Training Group.

</doc>
<doc id="18363166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363166" title="Southern Conference Baseball Tournament">
Southern Conference Baseball Tournament

The Southern Conference Baseball Tournament is the conference championship tournament in baseball for the Southern Conference. The winner of the tournament receives the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. The event is scheduled for the Wednesday through Saturday before Memorial Day each year, five days prior to the NCAA Regionals.
Tournament.
The Southern Conference Baseball Tournament is held annually. Beginning in 2009, the top eight teams (eleven teams sponsor baseball in the conference) participated in a two-bracketed double-elimination tournament. The previous format included ten teams participating in the tournament with the lowest four seeds (#7–#10) competing in a single elimination first round. The winner receives an automatic bid to the NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament while the other teams must rely on an at-large bid.
History.
The Southern Conference first held a baseball tournament in 1950. Maryland and Virginia Tech from the North division, and Clemson and Wake Forest from the South played the inaugural year in Greensboro, North Carolina, with Wake Forest defeating Maryland for the title. In 1951, Clemson, Duke, Maryland, and West Virginia met, with Duke defeating Clemson in the final. Duke repeated their title in 1952, over N.C. State, George Washington, and Richmond. Duke, George Washington, Maryland, and North Carolina participated in 1953, with Duke again the winner.
The tournament was renewed in 1984 as a four-team tournament. The tournament was held at Joseph P. Riley, Jr. Park in Charleston, South Carolina from 1997 to 2008, and again in 2010 and 2011.
Composite Records.
"Current schools only, 1984 through 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="18363171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363171" title="1914 Canadian National Challenge Cup">
1914 Canadian National Challenge Cup

The 1914 Connaught Cup was the second edition of the Canadian National Challenge Cup, one of the oldest soccer tournaments in Canada and one of the first national championships. It was won by Norwood Wanders of St. Boniface, Manitoba. Current editions of the tournament feature a representative from each provincial association and a final match; in 1914 as well as 1913, the competition was played in a league format (under the old system, a win was worth 2 points with a draw worth 1).

</doc>
<doc id="18363233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363233" title="Juan Ismael Calzada">
Juan Ismael Calzada

Juan Ismael Calzada is a Mexican botanist and collector. Dr Calzada is credited with the discovery of the elm "Ulmus ismaelis", named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="18363256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363256" title="Kogrõ">
Kogrõ

Kogrõ is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18363311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363311" title="Paye">
Paye

PAYE refers to pay-as-you-earn tax.
Paye or PAYE may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18363322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363322" title="Urban metabolism">
Urban metabolism

Urban Metabolism is a model to facilitate the description and analysis of the flows of the materials and energy within cities, such as undertaken in a Material flow analysis of a city. It provides researchers with a metaphorical framework to study the interactions of natural and human systems in specific regions. From the beginning, researchers have tweaked and altered the parameters of the urban metabolism model. C. Kennedy and fellow researchers have produced a clear definition in the 2007 paper ‘’The Changing Metabolism of Cities’’ claiming that urban metabolism is “the sum total of the technical and socio-economic process that occur in cities, resulting in growth, production of energy and elimination of waste.” With the growing concern of climate change and atmospheric degradation, the use of the urban metabolism model has become a key element in determining and maintaining levels of sustainability and health in cities around the world. Urban metabolism provides a unified or holistic viewpoint to encompass all of the activities of a city in a single model.
History.
With deep roots in sociology, Karl Marx and fellow researcher Friedrich Engels may have been the first to raise concerns around issues which we would now call urban metabolism. Marx and Engels concentrated on the social organization of the harvesting of the Earth's materials by “ analysing the dynamic internal relationships between humans and nature.” Marx used the metaphor of metabolism to refer to the actual metabolic interactions that take place through humans’ exertion of physical labour to cultivate the Earth for sustenance and shelter (M. Fischer-Kowalski, 1998). In short, Marx and Engels found that when humans exerted such physical labour they ultimately altered the biophysical processes as well. This acknowledgement of altering the biophysical landscape is the first stepping stone for the creation of urban metabolism within social geography. They also used metabolism to describe the material and energy exchange between nature and society in as a critique of industrialization (1883)which created an interdependent set of societal needs brought into play through the concrete organization of human labour. Marx advocated that urban metabolism becomes a power in itself (like capitalism), and will control society unless society is able to control it. 
Later, in reaction against industrialization and coal use, Sir Patrick Geddes, a Scottish biologist, undertook an ecological critique of urbanization in 1885, making him the first scientist to attempt an empirical description of societal metabolism on a macroeconomic scale. Through his experimental study of urbanization he established a physical budget for urban energy and material throughput by way of an input output table.
It wasn't until 1965 when Abel Wolman fully developed and used the term urban metabolism in his work, “The Metabolism of Cities” which he developed in response to deteriorating air and water qualities in American cities. In this study Wolman developed a model which allowed him to determine the inflow and outflow rates of a hypothetical American City with a population of 1 million people. The model allows the monitoring and documentation of natural resources used (mainly water) and the consequential creation and out-put of waste. Wolman’s study highlighted the fact that there are physical limitations to the natural resources we use on a day to day basis and with frequent use, the compilation of waste can and will create problems. It also helped focus researchers and professionals of their time to focus their attention on the system wide impacts of consumption of goods and sequential production of waste within the urban environment. 
Working off of Wolman’s pioneering work in the 60’s, environmentalist Herbert Girardet (1996) began to see and document his findings in the connection between urban metabolism and sustainable cities. Girardet laid the foundation for the industrial ecology approach to urban metabolism in which it is seen as the “conversion of nature into society.” Aside from being a great advocate and populariser for urban metabolism, Girardet significantly coined and drew the difference between a ‘circular’ and ‘linear’ metabolism. In a circular cycle, there is nearly no waste and almost everything is re-used. Girardet characterizes this as a natural world process. On the other hand, a ‘linear’ metabolism which is characterized as an urban world process has a clear resource in-put and waste out-put. Girardet emphasizes that the accelerated use of linear metabolisms in urban environments is creating an impending global crisis as cities grow.
More recently the metabolism frame of reference has been used in the reporting of environmental information in Australia where researchers such as Newman have begun to link urban metabolic measures to and it has been suggested that it can be used to define the sustainability of a city within the ecosystems capacity that can support it. Though, it should be noted that this research has stayed mainly at a descriptive level and did not reach into the political or social forces of urban form and stages of flow. From this research there has been a strong theme in present literature on urban sustainability is that of the need to view the urban system as a whole if we are to best understand and solve the complex problems.
Two Main Schools of Approach.
The Odum School of the Emergy Method.
Developed in 1970’s H.T. Odum, a systems ecologist, wanted to emphasize the dependence on the source of almost all energy on the planet; the sun. Odum believed that previous research and development on urban metabolism was missing and did not account for qualitative differences of mass or energy flows. Odum’s study took this into count and he coined the term ‘’emergy‘’ to track and account for the metabolic flows by measuring the solar energy used directly or indirectly to make a product or deliver a service. This method also emphasizes the use of a standard unit of measurement to calculate energy, nutrient and waste movement in the biophysical system; the unit chosen was ‘’solar emergy joules.’’ At first glance, the notion to use standard units seems like a beneficial idea for calculating and comparing figures; in reality the ability to convert all urban processes into solar emergy joules has been proven a difficult feat and difficult for all users to understand. Thus, the emergy method is not widely used and has not been mainstreamed despite the fact that some scholars still utilize the technique. .
The Material Flow Analysis (MFA).
The Material Flow Analysis or MFA, researched by Baccinni and Brunner in the 1990’s, “measures the materials flowing into a system, the stocks and flows within it, and the resulting outputs from the system to other systems in the form of pollution, waste, or exports.” . Much like Wolmans case model for a hypothetical American City, this method is based on the concept that the mass of the resources used will equal the mass ‘’plus’’ stock changes out. . The MFA technique has become the mainstream school of urban metabolism because it uses more practical units that the public, workers, government officials and researchers can understand.
Applications.
There are four main uses of urban metabolism that are used today by urban planners and designers; sustainability reporting, urban greenhouse gas accounting, mathematical modelling for policy analysis and urban design.
Sustainability Indicators.
With the issue of sustainability at the core of many environmental issues today, one of the main uses of Urban Metabolism in the modern era is to track and record levels of sustainability in cities and regions around the world. Urban metabolism collects important and very useful information about energy-efficiency, material cycling, waste management and infrastructure in urban environments. The urban metabolism model records and analyzes environmental conditions and trends which are easily understood for policy makers and consequently comparable over time making it easier to find unhealthy patterns and develop a plan of action to better the level of sustainability.
Greenhouse Gas Accounting.
Staying in line with the notion of sustainability, urban metabolism is also a helpful tool for tracking greenhouse gas emissions on a city or regional level. As mentioned above, with the proliferation of linear metabolisms such as cars, the production of greenhouse gases has increased exponentially since the birth and mass production of the automobile causing a problem for our atmosphere. Urban metabolism has been proven to be a necessary tool for measuring levels of greenhouse gas because it is an out-put or waste product that is produced through human consumption. The model provides quantifiable parameters which allow officials to mark unhealthy levels of GHG emissions and again, develop a plan of action to lower them.
Mathematical Models.
Aside from the two accounting applications above, urban metabolism has begun to develop mathematical models to quantify and predict levels of particles and nutrients within the urban metabolism model. Such models have mostly been created and used by MFA scholars and are helpful in determining present and future sub-processes and material stocks and flows within the urban environment With the ability to predict future levels, these mathematical models allow progress to be made and possible pollution prevention programs to be instated rather than end-of-the-pipe solutions which have been favoured in the past.
Design Tools.
Through utilization of the 3 applications above, scholars and professionals are able to use urban metabolism as a design tool to create greener and more sustainable infrastructure from the beginning. By tracing flows of energy, materials and waste through urban systems as a whole, changes and alterations can be made to close the loops to create circular metabolisms where resources are recycled and almost no waste is produced. Such initiatives are being made around the world with technology and inventions which make building green that much easier and accessible. 

</doc>
<doc id="18363345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363345" title="Palli, Võru County">
Palli, Võru County

Palli is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18363347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363347" title="2008 Rogers Cup – Doubles">
2008 Rogers Cup – Doubles

Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, but Srebotnik chose not to participate, and only Sugiyama competed that year.
Sugiyama partnered with Ayumi Morita, but lost in the quarterfinals to Květa Peschke and Rennae Stubbs.
Cara Black and Liezel Huber won in the final 6–1, 6–1 against Maria Kirilenko and Flavia Pennetta.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18363356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363356" title="Rakhwala">
Rakhwala

Rakhwala is a 1971 Bollywood musical film directed by Adurthi Subba Rao. It stars Dharmendra, Leena Chandavarkar and Vinod Khanna.

</doc>
<doc id="18363358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363358" title="Clayton Walnum">
Clayton Walnum

Clayton Walnum is a writer of many books about programming in C#, DirectX and C++.
Clayton Walnum started programming computers in 1982, when he traded an IBM Selectric typewriter to buy an Atari 400 computer (16K of RAM). 
Clay has since acquired a degree in computer science, and written over 30 books (translated into many languages). He is also the author of hundreds of magazine articles and software reviews, as well as countless programs.

</doc>
<doc id="18363359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363359" title="VDO-X">
VDO-X

VDO-X (Or Video Exchange) is software to set up and manage a Content Delivery Network.
Overview.
VDO-X is professional web-based management software to deploy and manage a Content Delivery Network. The software is focused at large size media assets and large volume delivery.
It offers support for all major streaming delivery services and web servers. These services can be used in a mixed setup.
VDO-X automatically senses the popularity of assets in specific regions of the CDN and automatically copies assets to edge servers near these regions. Viewers are redirected to these servers. In the case of unavailability, viewers are automatically redirected to other edge or core servers.
VDO-X offers full self-provisioning for each user. Users can upload assets, manage assets, set up live streams and see realtime statistics.
Many APIs are offered for deep integration with asset management, content management, transcoding, portal and billing systems.
The flexibility and automation level of VDO-X allows a small staff to operate a CDN that handles thousands of delivery servers, thousands of customers and millions views per day.
Basic functions.
VDO-X allows the administrator to:
VDO-X allows the operator to:
VDO-X allows the account holder to:
Standards.
VDO-X is built around the latest web standards. VDO-X supports Flash Media Server, Windows Media Services, QuickTime Streaming Server, Wowza Media Server, Icecast, Internet Information Server and Apache. API's are open, including RSS, XML and SOAP. 
Metafile URL generation for many playlist types is supported, including MOV, QTL, XSPF, SMIL, RAM, ASX, XML and WML. 
Many media clients including QuickTime, Windows Media, Flash, Silverlight, 3GPP are supported. 
Logs are written in W3C format so they can be analyzed by many third party tools.
Next Generation CDN mechanisms.
VDO-X is a software based solution versus network layer solution. Regular CDN's use a mix of network layer routing solutions, DNS or BGP redirection tweaks and caching/proxying mechanisms to build a CDN. This requires specific network components, specific DNS servers, specific delivery hardware and specific storage solutions.
VDO-X on the other hand is a software suite that runs on any generic web server. It can be rolled out in any IP network, and even on multiple IP networks without the need for depending on or changing the network infrastructure or its components. The result is more flexibility, and no dependency on networks, specific and expensive hardware.
Dynamic asset replication versus static asset replication
Instead of copying every asset to each server, VDO-X copies assets only to those servers that are connected to specific regions where the assets are popular. This is done instantly.
This saves copying time so assets are live within a few minutes. It also saves a lot of storage on edge servers/clusters/PoPs. And compared to plain caching/proxying, the VDO-X asset replication is controlled and manageable.
Dynamic server-network range matching versus static server-network matching
VDO-X lets you match any edge delivery server to any global ISP network or IP network range. This is N-to-N: you can match multiple networks to multiple servers. Matching is a matter of a click, and is instant. Other CDN's have static relays and changes can take days to become effective.
Dynamic user redirection versus static user redirection
VDO-X can immediately redirect an end user to any server in its distributed cloud based on the availability of servers and the IP origin of the end user. Like point 3, this is static with other CDN's and changes can take up to two days.
Integrated support for all streaming services, protocols and formats, plus web acceleration support
Traditional CDN's offer web file acceleration and offer limited or less integrated streaming support. Most CDN's started with web acceleration and bolted on streaming support afterwards.
All delivery servers in the VDO-X CDN can deliver any file and stream type so you can maximize resources utilization, and the web interface enables generic and integrated management features for all popular delivery technologies. 
Extensive reporting
VDO-X shows load and availability of every server, accounts popularity, requests from networks, assets status, etcetera. Realtime reports are available for the CDN operator (CDN overview), for each content user (account overview) and for each asset. The CDN operator also has in-depth uptime, load and traffic reporting tools. Content users have in-depth historical reports.
User friendly, self-service web interface
VDO-X offers a full-featured yet user friendly web interface for managing their CDN account.
Unique IP
VDO-X was developed in-house by lack of existing CDN technologies. The core technologies were developed before other CDN solutions came to market and the approach is different from other solutions so it is unique IP that is protected by Dutch and International laws.
History.
Jet Stream BV, the developers of VDO-X started webcasting in 1994 and developed redirection, monitoring and log processing tools for their increasing number of large webcast projects. These tools were further developed into separate commercial products, alongside an integrated media delivery framework server with support for all major streaming protocols.
In 2002 Jet Stream launched a project called VDO-X to start an open CDN in the Netherlands. This project is adopted by all the ISPs and broadcasters in the Netherlands. Jet Stream has handed over the project to the Amsterdam Internet Exchange, the worlds largest internet hub. The AMS-IX Video Working Group is working towards an open CDN protocol. ISPs are implementing the protocol to offload streaming capacity to their own networks. In summer 2008 the European Champions League, the Tour de France and the Olympics were broadcast using the Open CDN approach.
In 2002 Jet Stream also launched the StreamZilla media delivery service, which is a popular CDN in Europe, with over 1 billion delivered views in six months and fast growing. This CDN with A+ status for global performance uses a European-wide network to distribute the content globally and is setting up edge servers to increase the performance and capacity in remote regions. StreamZilla is powered by XL Media Server and VDO-X.
In 2008 Jet Stream has integrated its content delivery management tools into an integrated web-based management environment, called VDO-X CDN 2008 Suite and is making the software available to the market. A preview of this release is available at the company website.
Market.
VDO-X is used by many Dutch and Belgian broadcasters, and a growing number of European network owners, internet access providers, hosting providers and network operators. VDO-X is also used for a new nation-wide CDN in Russia. 
VDO-X 2008 is currently tested by a large number of network operators, carriers, hosting providers and CDN's from all continents.
Network owners are reluctant to outsource their content delivery to third party CDN operators: they pay a lot to distribute while their own infrastructure is unused. Using VDO-X, anyone with an IP network can upgrade their network to become a full-featured Content Delivery Network.

</doc>
<doc id="18363372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363372" title="Flush (Brian Welch song)">
Flush (Brian Welch song)

"Flush" is a song by American rock musician Brian "Head" Welch that was released as the first single from his debut album, "Save Me from Myself", on July 8, 2008 exclusively on the iTunes Store.
Production.
In the digital booklet that came with "Flush", composer Brian Welch commented on the production of the song. The song was "created accidentally" in 2005. Welch had just finished writing the song "Save Me from Myself" and was planning to leave the studio for the night. However, he lost the key to the studio, and decided to remain there while his friend brought the key to him. While Welch was waiting for his friend, he had the thought "I'm gonna go back inside, grab my keyboard, and whatever my hands do, I'll make a song out of it." He immediately started playing the opening riff for "Flush". Welch then recorded the idea. When recording the sound of him puking for the beginning of the song, Welch brought a microphone into the studio bathroom. He then " a huge cup of chunky liquids" and puked into the toilet.
Themes.
In the digital booklet that came with "Flush", composer Brian Welch discussed the themes that inspired the song lyrically. He explained that "Flush" is about "flushing all the crap in life down the toilet and starting out fresh." When he wrote the lyrics, he recalled when he was younger. Welch commented, "All the drama that I experienced with getting drunk and doing drugs all the time seemed interesting and amusing to write about. That life style is total insanity and I'm glad to be out of it." He went on to say that the purpose of the song is to inspire alcoholics and drug addicts to "get clean" and that "if I can encourage even one drug addict or alcoholic to get clean with 'Flush,' then the song has served its purpose."
Music video.
The music video for "Flush", directed by Frankie Nasso of Nova Entertainment, was released on September 5, 2008. According to a press release about the music video:
The content of the music video has reportedly caused select retailers to pull "Save Me from Myself" from their shelves. This prompted Welch to provide his explanation of the video:
Reception.
Reception for "Flush" has been mostly neutral. Some reviewers found the puking introduction odd, and Allmusic writer William Ruhlmann wrote about it, "... there can't be too many Christian albums which contain songs like "Flush" that begin and end with the sound of someone vomiting into a toilet. But that's the point." Some reviewers even thought the puking introduction was unnecessary, and "Christianity Today" writer Andrea Goforth commented on it, "... don't think it was really necessary to record the sound of someone vomiting ... to convey the ugliness of drunkenness and addictions ..." Goforth continued to criticize "Flush", comparing it to Korn's 1998 single, "Freak on a Leash", "'Flush' ... just doesn't have quite the same effect as 'Freak on a Leash' did back in 1998."
Some reviewers, however, praised the song. Artistdirect writer Rick Florino said, "... 'Flush' ... touts the line between catchy and epic ... The song itself beckons multiple listens with numerous layers to delve back into on each go around." Despite criticism, Goforth did confess that the song had some good aspects in the interpretation, "... Head's approach to songwriting is honest and unflinching. Rather than take the easy route, he goes in deep for confession." Jesusfreakhideout writer Kevin Hoskins also praised the message of the song, stating, "'Flush' is about trashing all of the garbage in our life. The screaming chants of 'come on, get up, let's change' drive the message home."

</doc>
