<doc id="18383702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383702" title="Watch (TV channel)">
Watch (TV channel)

Watch is a general entertainment channel broadcasting in the United Kingdom and Ireland, as part of the UKTV network. The channel launched on 7 October 2008 on satellite through Sky, on cable through Virgin Media and Smallworld Cable, and on IPTV through BT TV and TalkTalk Plus TV.
History.
The channel launched on 7 October 2008 as the new flagship channel for the UKTV network of channels. The channel would feature general entertainment programmes, primarily from the programme archive of the BBC, who own a 50% share of the network through the corporation's commercial arm BBC Worldwide. The channel featured flagship programmes from the BBC, such as "Torchwood", general entertainment programmes from the corporation and international variations to popular current British programming, such as "Dancing with the Stars" (US version of popular BBC programme "Strictly Come Dancing") and the various American editions of "Wipeout", which is titled as "Total Wipeout USA" to avert confusion with the same-named British programme. The channel also featured programmes displaced following the repositioning of other UKTV channels, such as the move of all non-crime drama to the channel following Alibi's launch, and programming already shown on other UKTV channels in greater numbers, such as "Traffic Cops". The Watch Channel Controller is currently Paul Moreton.
Timeshift.
The channel also operates a timeshift service, called Watch +1, where the programme schedule is repeated by the channel one hour later. The channel receives no special branding with the occasional exception of a special Digital on-screen graphic (DOG). It launched the same day as the main Watch channel on 7 October 2008 and was reported by AGB Nielsen Media Research on 2 September 2008.
Watch HD.
On 29 July 2011, UKTV announced that it had secured a deal with BSkyB to launch three more high-definition channels on Sky. As part of Virgin Media's deal to sell its share of UKTV, all five of UKTV's HD channels would also be added to Virgin's cable television service by 2012. Watch HD launched on 12 October 2011 on Sky and Virgin Media, two days after Dave HD, while Alibi HD launched in July 2012. All three channels are HD simulcasts of the standard-definition channels.
Identity.
2008-2010.
When Watch launched in October 2008, the original on screen identity featured a large eye ball nicknamed 'Blinky'. The music used in the background of the television advertisements is 'You Will Leave a Mark' by Oxford band A Silent Film. The channels original idents featured a liveaction video of the eye ball being pushed around by a large and varied group of people around various settings until the eye ball ends up in the centre of the screen and the Watch name appears at the bottom of the screen. The set of four idents were produced by Red Bee Media for the channel. However, in April 2009, the four existing idents were edited by Aardman Animations to make the inflatable eyeball blink. In addition, four new CGI idents were introduced as well as the edited idents and in May 2010, a new ident for "Scream if You Know the Answer!" was added.
During May 2010, UKTV were reportedly planning to overhaul the brand identity of Watch, after only eighteen months in operation. The broadcaster held a branding agency pitch and made an appointment within a month, with the review was being handled by creativebrief. The work included the creation of a fresh logo, strap-line and tone of voice for the channel, however, a spokeswoman for UKTV denied suggestions that the broadcaster would change the name of the channel and said that the overhaul was about "tweaking the brand and aligning it better with our overall strategy".
2010-2012.
The new Watch logo and channel presentation launched on 23 September 2010, focusing on the idea that “TV is better shared!”. The new identity, created by agency Harriman Steel, includes a new strapline, “Watch... together”, along with new idents, end frames and a new logo. The idents feature a scene against a black background with various elements of the scene being provided, by people in black outfits. The scenes progress with the appearance of the film being seen in reverse until the ident pans to a screen displaying three phrases related to the scene ending with the word "together." before the Watch logo is placed over the last phrase forming the channel tagline. Other promotional material makes use of the channel tagline or the appearance that the channel promotions are held in place by the black dressed men, as seen by the various covered hands shown at the edge of promotion end boards.
2012-present.
On 23 January 2012, it was announced that Watch would receive a rebrand for a second time, created by DixonBaxi and was to be launched on 7 February 2012, but this was postponed until 9 March 2012.
Programming.
The channel broadcasts a variety of programmes from the archives of the BBC and from international broadcasters. The following programmes are currently airing on the channel, with the producer listed if the programme doesn't originate from the BBC programme archives:
In addition to the entertainment programming, the channel also broadcasts a variety of films.
The channel also produced and broadcast the programmes "Richard & Judy's New Position" and "Tarrant Lets the Kids Loose" for a time, however, these are no longer broadcast.
Most watched programmes.
The following is a list of the ten most watched shows on Watch, based on Live +7 data supplied by "BARB" up to 13 October 2013. The number of viewers does not include repeats or Watch +1.

</doc>
<doc id="18383710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383710" title="Musical ear syndrome">
Musical ear syndrome

Musical ear syndrome (MES) describes a condition seen in people who have hearing loss and subsequently develop auditory hallucinations. "MES" has also been associated with musical hallucinations, which is a complex form of auditory hallucinations where an individual may experience music or sounds that are heard without an external source. It is comparable to Charles Bonnet syndrome (visual hallucinations in visually impaired people) and some have suggested this phenomenon could be included under this diagnosis.
History.
Musical hallucinations and MES have only become widely recognizable in the last few decades of research, but there are indications throughout history that have described symptoms of musical hallucinations. The Romantic composer Robert Schumann was said to have heard entire symphonies in his head from which he drew as inspiration for his music, but later in his life this phenomenon had diminished to just an A note that played ceaselessly within his head. An alternative explanation is that his symptoms were caused by syphilis or mercury poisoning used for its treatment. The Russian composer Dmitri Shostakovich was also recorded as experiencing music hallucinations after some shrapnel was removed from his skull.
Populations.
The occurrence of MES has been suggested to be very high among the hearing impaired through acquired deafness or the ear condition known as tinnitus. Though exact causation is uncertain, it has been theorized that the "release phenomenon" is taken into affect. The "release phenomenon" says that individuals with acquired deafness may experience musical hallucinations because the lack of stimulation, which can give room for the brain to interpret internal sounds as being external. 
Sufferers typically hear music or singing and the condition is more common in women. The hallucinatory experiences differ in phenomenology from that commonly experienced in psychotic disorders although there may be some overlap. The most important distinction is the realization that the hallucinations are not real. Delusional beliefs associated with the hallucinations may occur, but some degree of insight should be preserved. There should not be any other psychotic symptoms present, especially hallucinations in other modalities. There should be an absence of serious mental illness, although mild cognitive impairment is often associated with MES.
Causes.
It is postulated that by the "release phenomenon" MES is caused by hypersensitivity in the auditory cortex caused by sensory deprivation, secondary to their hearing loss. This "hole" in the hearing range is "plugged" by the brain confabulating a piece of information – in this case a piece of music. A similar occurrence is seen with strokes of the visual cortex where a visual field defect occurs and the brain confabulates a piece of visual data to fill the spot. This is described by sufferers as an image in the visual field.
The hallucinations are usually not unpleasant but may cause irritation due to their persistent nature. It is common for sufferers to have a history of tinnitus. The condition may be associated with early stages of dementia.
Investigations such as magnetic resonance imaging or CT scanning and electroencephalograms (EEGs) may be worthwhile, but will rarely show any serious pathology. It is believed that because this kind of phenomenon is usually heterogenous in causation, a wide variety of factors need to be considered, which could give possible explanation for why MES is seen as under diagnosed. Some of these factors may include significant trauma to the head or any side-effects from substances such as antidepressants, marijuana, alcohol, procaine, or general anesthesia.
Treatment.
Given the unknown nature of MES, treatments have been largely dependent on an individual basis. Treatments can vary from being as little as self-reassurance to pharmaceutical medications.
Medications can be helpful, such as antipsychotics, benzodiazepines or antiepileptics, but there is very limited evidence for this. Some case studies have found that switching to a prednisolone steroid after a betamethasone steroid which caused MES helped alleviate hallucinations or the use of the acetylcholinesterase inhibitor, Donepezil, have also found that it successfully treated an individual's MES. However, because of the heterogeneous etiology, these methods cannot be applied as general treatment, but should be considered
Other than treatment by medicinal means, individuals have also successfully alleviated musical hallucinations by cochlear implants, listening to different songs via an external source, or by attempting to block them through mental effort, depending on how severe their condition is

</doc>
<doc id="18383725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383725" title="Hell Pizza">
Hell Pizza

Hell Pizza is a New Zealand-based pizza chain. Hell began in New Zealand in 1996 next to Victoria University, and has expanded within New Zealand and to the UK, Australia, Ireland, Canada, Korea and India.
History.
Hell Pizza International is owned by Warren Powell, Callum Davies and Stu McMullin. In 2006, Hell sold the New Zealand Master Franchise rights to Tasman Pacific Foods (the NZ master franchisee for Burger King) for NZ$15,000,000 and aimed to expand to the UK. The NZ Master Franchise rights were purchased back from Tasman Pacific Foods in 2009.
There are currently 65 stores nationwide in New Zealand. Since arriving to the UK in 2006, Hell have opened a pilot store in Fulham, as well as two franchisee operated stores in Clapham and Shepherds Bush, all in London. Australia has opened two stores in South-east Queensland. Hell also opened its first stores in Dublin, Ireland, and Vancouver, Canada, in 2009, India in 2010, and in Korea.
In 2009, Hell Pizza owner Warren Powell verbally pledged to pay all proceeds from a Hell takeaway van at the Big Night In Telethon to the charity KidsCan, amounting to about NZ$10,000. Julie Nelson, chief executive of the charity, said "after seeing reports that some of the money raised was failing to reach needy children, Powell reneged on the deal." On 14 August 2011, the Hell Pizza Facebook page stated "We can confirm that we have now contributed $10,000 to the KidsCan Charitable Trust."
In July 2010, after hackers attacked the Hell Pizza customer database, 230,000 customers were advised to change their passwords.
Marketing.
The Hell theme is used in the menu: its seven standard pizzas are named after the seven deadly sins.
The company is notable for its humorous advertising and for being the first company in New Zealand to offer online pizza ordering, in 1996. Their logo, and their pizzas, are used on the Sporting Hell segment on the television show "Pulp Sport".
Hell Pizza has had a number of complaints about its advertising.
Condom advertising.
On 31 October 2006 Hell announced through a press release it would be promoting its "Lust" pizza by distributing 170,000 branded condoms. They said that "while the primary aim of the campaign is to promote our LUST pizza, let's not forget that promoting the use of condoms has important public benefits such as sexual education, the prevention of pregnancy and the prevention of sexually transmitted infections".
Within days, groups such as Family Life International, Focus on the Family and the Catholic Church had lodged complaints with the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA). The Family First Lobby said Hell has "crossed the line of what is decent and acceptable advertising material to be put in letterboxes of families".
Mocking of Christianity.
A radio advertisement that featured a humorous conversation about Hell was felt to be mocking of Christianity and deemed offensive. The ASA ruled that there were no grounds to take any action on the complaint since "it did not reach the threshold to be likely to cause serious or widespread offence".
"Selling your soul".
The expression "sell your soul" was used in flyers, the company website and in television and radio advertising. It attracted a complaint to the ASA on the grounds of being "This flippant attitude towards something that many New Zealand citizens ... believed to be significant and consequential..." The ASA ruled that there were no grounds to proceed about the complaint since it is a common saying and recognised to be dark and satirical. Hell also purchased the soul of a 24-year-old Wanganui man for $5001, after the online auction website Trademe withdrew his attempt to sell it there.
Halloween dead celebrities.
In November 2008, while under management from Tasman Foods, Hell Pizza New Zealand apologised for an advertisement featuring skeletal remains of Sir Edmund Hillary, Heath Ledger, and the Queen Mother, dancing on gravestones. The apology was to Hillary's family, which complained the ad was in "extremely poor taste". The ad was withdrawn from the company website on 3 November.

</doc>
<doc id="18383730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383730" title="Gymnocalycium saglionis">
Gymnocalycium saglionis

Gymnocalycium saglionis is a globular cacti species from South America. Plants are larger and have thick curved spines making this species popular among collectors.
Its most common and native habitat is in mostly in Salta, Tucuman, Catamarca, San Juan, and La Rioja − on rocky soil with low vegetation.
Description.
Named after J. Saglion, an important plant collector in France around 1840, Gymnocalycium saglionis is known to grow very slowly, and grow best in warm and part shady conditions, but and tolerate extremely bright situations but are likely to suffer from sun scorch or stunted growth if over exposed to direct sunlight during the hottest part of the day in summer.
The body can range from Dull-green or blue-green, almost cylindrical more or less flattened up to 40 cm in diameter, up to 90 cm tall. Spines can grown to 3−4cm long, colors varies from yellowish-brown, reddish or white becoming grey with time which contrast well against the green body, 1−3 centrals and 10−15 radials bent against the stem.
Spines become bright red when wet. Flowers 1.4 inch (3.5 cm) long, white or reddish, often more than one simultaneously. Fruits globular, reddish or dark pink, splits sideways with tiny, shiny black brown seeds.
"Gymnocalycium saglionis" is now cultivated around the world, commonly for sale.

</doc>
<doc id="18383740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383740" title="Shi Zhongci">
Shi Zhongci

SHI Zhongci (Chinese: 石钟慈; December, 1933 - ), also known as Zhong-Ci SHI, is a computational mathematician of the People's Republic of China, and an academician of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS).
Career.
Shi was born in Ningbo, Zhejiang Province on December 5, 1933. 1955, He graduated from the Ningbo Middle School. He first studied mathematics at the Department of Mathematics, Zhejiang University, under the guidance of Professor Su Buqing. Shi then was transferred to Fudan University together with Su Buqing.
After graduating from the department of mathematics of Fudan University in 1955, Shi became one of first Chinese visiting scholars in Soviet Union, and studied computational mathematics at the Steklov Institute of Mathematics in Moscow from 1956 till 1960.
Upon returning in 1960, Shi served in the institute of computational technology of CAS. From 1965 to 1986, he was a professor in the Department of Mathematics of University of Science and Technology of China. From 1987 to 1991, he became the director of computation center of CAS. From 1997, Shi served as the Dean of School of Science, Shanghai Jiao Tong University. He is now a research fellow of computation center of CAS, and the director of national key laboratory of scientific and engineering computation. Shi currently is a vice-dean of College of Sciences, Zhejiang University, and a researcher at the Center of Mathematical Sciences, Zhejiang University.

</doc>
<doc id="18383753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383753" title="The Jimi Hendrix Concerts">
The Jimi Hendrix Concerts

The Jimi Hendrix Concerts is a posthumous live album by Jimi Hendrix released in August 1982. The album contains eleven songs from six different concerts between 1968 and 1970. The album spent eleven weeks in the UK Albums Chart peaking at No. 16. In the U.S. it was less successful, reaching only No. 79 in the Billboard 200. The album was re-released on CD in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18383764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383764" title="Jiangxi University of Science and Technology">
Jiangxi University of Science and Technology

Jiangxi University of Science and Technology () is located at Ganzhou City, Jiangxi Province, People's Republic of China.
History.
Formerly this university was known as Jiangxi Institute of Metallurgy and it was established in 1958. Jiangxi Institute of Metallurgy was renamed as Southern Institute of Metallurgy in 1988.
Schools.
School of Environmental & Construction Engineering<br> 
School of Material & Chemical Engineering<br>
School of Mechanical & Electronic Engineering<br>
School of Information Engineering<br>
School of Economics & Management<br>
School of Sciences<br>
School of Liberal Arts & Law<br>
School of Foreign Studies<br>
School of Continuing Education<br>
School of Higher Vocational & Technical Education (Nanchang Campus)<br>
And Applied Science Institute (Jinshawan Campus)

</doc>
<doc id="18383775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383775" title="39th Rescue Squadron">
39th Rescue Squadron

The 39th Rescue Squadron (39 RQS) is part of the 920th Rescue Wing at Patrick Air Force Base, Florida. It operates HC-130 Hercules aircraft conducting search and rescue missions.
History.
The 39th conducted search, rescue, and escort missions in Japan and Korea during and following the Korean War and in Southeast Asia from, January 1967-April 1972. It also flew missions included refueling rescue helicopters and performing airborne command, control, and communications functions during combat rescue operations. The 39th again flew search and rescue in and around Japan from, 1992-1994. It has trained for combat search and rescue, performed search and rescue missions, and refueled rescue helicopters since 1997.
Operations.
On 16 January 1967, the squadron was formed at Udorn Royal Thai Air Force Base with six Lockheed HC-130Hs transferred from the 37th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron.
On 8 June 1967 the squadron relocated from Udorn RTAFB to Tuy Hoa Air Base, South Vietnam and began to receive HC-130Ps to replace their HC-130Hs. The HC-130P was the first aircraft able to refuel helicopters and so provided a dramatic increase in range for helicopters, particularly those involved in CSAR missions. By mid-1969, the squadron was operating 11 HC-130Ps from Tuy Hoa.
On 16 September 1970 the squadron relocated from Tuy Hoa AB to Cam Ranh Air Base.
In March 1972 the squadron moved from Cam Ranh AB to Korat Royal Thai Air Force Base. On 1 April 1972 the 39th ARRS was dissolved and the aircraft and crews temporarily became part of Detachment 4 of the 3rd Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Group at Korat. On 8 July 1972 the Detachment was redesignated the 56th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="18383783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383783" title="Bajram Nebihi">
Bajram Nebihi

Bajram Nebihi (born 5 August 1988 in Ingolstadt) is a German professional footballer who plays for FC Augsburg.
Career.
Nebihi began his career with TSV Ingolstadt Nord before scouted from city rival Grün-Weiß Ingolstadt. After few years with Grün-Weiß Ingolstadt he signed with FC Ingolstadt 04 in July 2004. He left after only one year with FC Ingolstadt 04 to sign in summer 2005 for Jahn Regensburg. He played between June 2006 for Jahn Regensburg and gave in 2006 his senior-debut for TSV Aindling. Nebihi left after one year who played 29 games and scores 4 goals TSV Aindling to sign for FC Augsburg. After one year with the reserve team from FC Augsburg he then signed in summer 2008 with Zob Ahan F.C.. On 21 July 2009 SV Wacker Burghausen signed the 20-year-old midfield player, who previously played for Zob Ahan F.C. in the Iran Pro League and signed for one year. He left his club on 30 June 2010 with an unknown finish.

</doc>
<doc id="18383805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383805" title="McDougall–Campbell House">
McDougall–Campbell House

The McDougall–Campbell House is an English Arts and Crafts-style house in Portland, Oregon, United States. It has elements of the English Cottage Style incorporated into the design. The house was designed by architect Josef Jacobberger and built in 1910.
Dominant are characteristics of the Arts and Crafts Movement, including use of natural materials (wood, brick, tile, stone), built-in cabinetry, shingles, a variety of window types, asymmetrical floor plans, multiple steeply pitched gables, an open porch, brick chimneys and rooms with an open flow extending to the exterior.
Important are elements of the English Cottage style including the eyebrow dormer, wrought iron work and the jerkinhead or clipped gable that is an architectural feature whose origins trace back to the thatched roof of Medieval England.
Jacoberger's use of the jerkinhead gable on the McDougall–Campbell House represents one of the earliest uses of that particular feature in Portland and the earliest known use of it by Jacobberger. This is significant because Jacobberger was admired and his creatively conceived, prominently placed architectural elements on houses were copied by other architects and builders. Because of this early use by Jacobberger, the jerkinhead gable became familiar with Portland architects and builders a decade before it appeared as a commonplace element on English Cottage Style houses of the 1920s. 
Jacobberger designed three residences in Portland displaying the jerkinhead gables. The first was the McDougall–Campbell House in 1910. The second was the Arts and Crafts Style Alfred H. and Mary E. Smith House of 1912. He did not use it again until he designed the 1922 English Cottage Style Dr. James Rosenfeld House.
Landscaping contributes to the setting of the McDougall–Campbell House. Trees, shrubs, stone steps, lawn areas, walkways, a terracotta tiled patio, and terraces make up the yard, which is informal, overgrown and reminiscent of an English garden. A rock retaining wall runs the length of the property.
The Alexander McDougall Family purchased Lot 25 in Blythswood, the addition to Willamette Heights, in 1912. Their newlywed daughter, Marie McDougall, and her groom, Casmir Campbell, took possession of the Jacobberger-designed house that existed on the western portion of the lot. Alexander and his son, Natt, commissioned architect Ellis F. Lawrence to design their homes on the remaining lot. The three grand residences were connected by paths and raised footbridges to create the McDougall Estate.

</doc>
<doc id="18383810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383810" title="Peter Moskos">
Peter Moskos

Peter Moskos is a former Baltimore Police Department officer who is now an assistant professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice and the CUNY Graduate Center in the Department of Sociology. The son of military and Greek American sociologist Charles Moskos, he specializes in policing, crime, and punishment. Moskos was listed by "The Atlantic" as one of their "Brave Thinkers of 2011".
"Cop in the Hood".
Moskos authored the award winning 2008 book "Cop in the Hood", describing his experiences as a police officer in Baltimore's Eastern District from 1999 - 2001. Moskos, a Harvard graduate student raised in a white middle class liberal household describes his first hand experiences with poverty and violent crime in the Baltimore Police Department's Eastern District which encompassed a virtually all African American ghetto of East Baltimore.
In the book, Moskos argues in favor of reforming the criminal justice system and the legalization of drugs. After calling for drug legalization in a "Washington Post" op-ed, Moskos was attacked by President Obama's Drug Czar, Gil Kerlikowske, and the President of the International Association of Chiefs of Police, Russell B. Laine.
Corporal punishment.
Moskos second book advocated judicial corporal punishment as an alternative to incarceration and was reviewed in "The Economist" and other publications.

</doc>
<doc id="18383846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383846" title="Road transport in Peterborough">
Road transport in Peterborough

The City of Peterborough in the East of England has an extensive and well integrated road network, owing partly to its status as a new town. Since the 1960s, the city has seen considerable expansion and its various suburbs are linked by a system of parkways.
The A1/A1(M) broadly follows the path of the historic Great North Road from St. Paul's Cathedral at the heart of London, through Peterborough (Junction 17), continuing north a further 335 miles (539 km) to central Edinburgh.
Numbered Junctions.
Peterborough has so many roundabouts and grade separated junctions within its roads and parkway system that junctions are numbered using the same system as is used to number British motorway and major A road junctions to guide and help divers. Peterborough is to date the only city within the United Kingdom to use the system in this way and has been using this system since the 1970s.
Parkways and major roads.
The parkways were constructed under guidelines from the Peterborough Development Corporation as a system of high speed roads to connect the new townships which housed London's post-war overspill population and were mostly built from the early 1970s to the late 1980s
The majority of Peterborough's parkways are dual carriageways, to accommodate the large quantity of local traffic within the city, and national and regional traffic bypassing it. However, due to their age, many of the parkways do not have hard-shoulders. Most of the parkways that bypass the city have graded roundabout junctions.
Wittering to Norman Cross.
The A1 is located just to the west of Peterborough. The road does not play a major part in Peterborough's road network itself although it is a major route. The road goes past RAF Wittering before meeting the A47 at Wansford on a grade separated junction. The A1 than moves south passing very close to the Nene Valley Railway line before reaching the city section of the A605 at another grade separated junction before reaching the A1139/A605 Oundle Section grade separated junction. This is also where the A1(M) starts and as a motorway the road quickly moves southward to reach the A15 at Norman Cross where the motorway moves out of the Peterborough area.
Glinton to New England (Werrington Parkway).
The Werrington Parkway runs from the south of Glinton, where the A15 forks into the Peterborough east bypass and main road into the city centre. The road is dual carriageway from Glinton to the centre of Peterborough. There are no grade separated junctions along its route but does contain a number of smaller roundabouts which give direct and easy access to Warrington and its industrial estastes. The Parkway then becomes less and standand dual-carrigeway to which speed limits are in place to pass though New England and its retail park along with a major supermarket just pior to reaching the junction with the A47 at a major junction. Because of the speed restrictions along the majority of its route traffic coming into Peterborough are now encouraged to use the Paston Parkway instead to access the city centre and in the past few years signposts have been changed to reflect this.
Glinton to Eye (Paston Parkway/A15 Spur Road).
The Paston Parkway bypasses the eastern edge of Peterborough, terminating at a roundabout with the A1139, where the city bypass becomes the Frank Perkins Parkway. The road starts at the southernmost roundabout of the Glinton and heads eastward as a single carriageway before coming to a roundabout for local traffic. The road then becomes a major dual carriageway, although it has only one grade separated junction (with the A47), with the other junctions being roundabouts. In 2008, Peterborough City Council funded the dualling of the northernmost stretch of the Paston Parkway between two roundabouts east of Gunthorpe. This has significantly reduced congestion, as the route is used as a commuter run between the city's Eastern Industry development in Fengate and settlements north of the city.
City Centre.
The A15 moves southward as a minor dual carriageway from its junction with the A47 with several more roundabouts lining its route. The road goes past some rail sidings that are rarely used and also goes past a retail shopping area on the site of the city's former Parcel Force depot. After passing the city's Toys R Us store the A15 reaches Queensgate Shopping Centre. The road passes the shopping centre between two of the centre's major Car Parks with a 1980's style footbridge crossing over the top. Two roundabouts are located at either end of the complex. The southern roundabout is a junction with the A1179 and gives access to the city's Bus Station (part of the shopping centre). The A15 then passes though the Westgate shopping area and the city's courts before reaching a roundabout where the dual carriageway part of the road ends.
City Centre to Norman Cross.
The A15 moves out of Peterborough heading southwards as a single carriageway road going past Peterborough United Football Ground. After some traffic light junctions the A15 goes under the A1139 before coming to a roundabout for a business estate. Than the A15 quickly comes to a second roundabout with the A1260 near to Serpentine Green. Than the A15 moves into open countryside before touching the outermost part of Yaxley where it meets the B1091. The A15 again moves into countryside before reaching the A1(M) at a major junction at Norman Cross.
Eye.
The A1139 starts as a single carriageway road at a minor roundabout with the A47 at Eye. After a second small roundabout the road passes though some housing before meeting the A15 on a major roundabout near Paston.
Frank Perkins Parkway.
The Frank Perkins Parkway is named after Frank Perkins, local founder of Perkins Engines and is the main Eastern Bypass for Peterborough. The parkway has access to the Perkins Engines site. The Parkway heads south as a major dual carriageway from a major roundabout with the A15 near Eye and quickly passes its first junction, which is restricted to southbound traffic and the Perkins Factory before reaching to Junction 6 which is a major inlet for city bound traffic. The road then passes over the River Nene and quickly reaches junction 4 where it meets the A605, which heads out of Peterborough, and the A1129 which leads to the southern part of the city. After junction 4 the road reaches junction 3A where the Fletton Parkway begins.
Fletton Parkway.
Fletton Parkway comprises the entire southern bypass of Peterborough and terminates westbound at the A1. The Fletton Parkway officially starts at Junction 3A as a major dual carriageway after which it is named as the Frank Perkins Parkway due to them being constucted at different times. Junction 3A is an access road for the Kingston Park distribution centres, a large IKEA depot and access to the new A605 Stanground Bypass. The dual carriageway quickly passes over the A15 before reaching the grade separated junction with the A1260 which links up with the A15 and the A47. The road than moves very quickly to junction two, which is a local access road to the Orton and Hampton townships, briefly widening to 3 lanes before reaching its final junction with the Orton Parkway. The Fletton Parkway then meets the A1, the A1(M) and the A605 at Junction 17.
Orton Parkway.
The Orton Parkway is a short minor dual carriageway, that is officially classed as the A1139, although it is not part of the main road itself. There is one small roundabout which provides local access to Orton Goldway, Orton Southgate and Orton Brimbles. The road also helps to carry traffic to events at the nearby East of England Showground.
Longthorpe Parkway and Thorpe Road.
The A1179 is a short major road that is half dual carriageway and half single carriageway. It runs from the A1260 to the A15 near Queensgate shopping centre, passing over a metal arch bridge over the East Coast main line just before its eastern end.
Nene Parkway.
The A1260 is a major road that serves the western side of Peterborough. The road is dual-carriageway from its southern terminus with the A15 at Hampton to its northern terminus with the A47 at Longthorpe. The road is also known as the "Nene Parkway" and serves as major route from getting from the southern end of Peterborough to the Northern end without having to travel into to the centre of the city via the A15. The road itself starts at Hampton at a small roundabout with the A15 where after it goes past Serpentine Green at another roundabout before it very quickly heads to a major junction where its meets the A1139 (Fletton Parkway). After that junction the road takes on the form of a major dual-carriageway with its own grade separated junctions where it meets the A605 on a restricted junction before passing over the River Nene before meeting the A1179 (Longthorpe Parkway) on another junction. After that junction the road quickly heads north before coming to a major junction with the A47 where the road ends on a large roundabout with the A47 passing over on top. In 2008, the city council undertook improvements to the roundabout at the southern terminus of the parkway, increasing the southbound and eastbound approaches to three approach lanes and adding a third lane northbound on the roundabout for traffic using a newly constructed running-lane between junctions 1 and 2, where there are now three lanes northbound. Traffic lights have also been installed. Traffic signals are also planned on the roundabout at the northern terminus of the parkway with the A47 Soke Parkway.
Thorney to Eye.
The A47 heads west to Peterborough from Wisbech. It bypasses Thorney along a minor dual carriageway. Eye is bypassed by a single carriageway where the A47 meets the A16 and then the A1139 at separate roundabouts. The A47 then becomes dual carriageway, passing a large rubbish tip to reach a major junction with the A15 at Paston.
Soke Parkway (Longthorpe to Wansford).
The Soke Parkway consists of the entire section of the A47 that runs through Peterborough. As a trunk route, the stretch of road is maintained by the Highways Agency, who have recently undertaken an update of road lighting on the route. This section of road is called the "Soke Parkway" (named after the Soke of Peterborough). When this was first built, in the mid-1970s, the A47 followed what is now the A1139 "Paston Parkway". Apart from a roundabout on the eastern edge of the city, the parkway is an unbroken major dual carriageway. The road passes over the A15 (Paston Parkway) as a roundabout and than heads westwards passing one grade separated junction with a local road. The road then meets the city section of the A15 on an unusual junction. It crosses the East Coast Main Line near to a Morrisons (former Safeway), and Boulevard and Brotherhood retail parks in New England. After passing the A15 the A47 quickly heads south-westwards, where after passing another grade separated junction for local traffic the road meets the A1260 at Longthorpe. The Nene Parkway terminates in the Peterborough Longthorpe Grade separated junction (GSJ) (which opened in December 1987) where it meets the A1260 Nene Parkway. There is a GSJ for Bretton and a Sainsbury's, and it passes the Bretton Woods Community School. The £1.2m Peterborough Westwood GSJ opened in January 1987. After passing this junction the A47 heads westward into open countryside where it bypasses Castor and Ailsworth before the road becomes a single carriageway before reaching the A1 at Wransford.
Stanground/Kingston Park.
The A605 comes into Peterborough from Whittlesey and comes into the city via the Stanground bypass. Once on the bypass the road heads towards the Kingston Park distribution center and then turns right at the roundabout and continues under the A1139 Fletton Parkway. From there it follows a short piece of single carriageway until it meets up with the Stanground roundabout junction with the A1139 and B1091. From there it continues towards the city and once again under the A1139 and finally meets with the A15 at the Peacock junction just short of the Peterborough United football ground.
City Section.
This section of the A605 is now completely isolated from the rest of the other sections of this road. The city section starts at the Town Bridge junction with the A15 near Peterborough United football ground. The road heads in a westward direction towards the A1 as single carriageway. The road meets the A1260 at a restricted junction near The Ortons with the road passing underneath. The road than passes into The Ortons, where it provides a lot of local traffic to those who live in those areas. The road passes a couple of roundabouts which allow for local access, and also Ferry Meadows before reaching an industrial estate and Business park, where it meets a spur of the A1139. The road than passes another small roundabout before reaching the A1.
To reach the Peterborough to Elton section of this road you must follow the A1139 spur until the junction with the main A1139 then take a right at the roundabout and follow the signs for the A1/A1(M)/A605 Northampton/Oundle
Peterborough to Elton.
The A605 leaves its junction with the A1(M)/A1/A1139 as a major single carriageway by widening to three lanes, before climbing up a hill close to the Peterborough (Morborne) FM & DAB radio transmitter is located. It then moves back to two lanes before moving on to Elton and out of Peterborough.

</doc>
<doc id="18383870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383870" title="S. R. Rana">
S. R. Rana

Sardar Singh Rewabhai Rana (1878–1957), often abbreviated 'S.R. Rana', was an Indian political activist, founding member of the Paris Indian Society and the vice-president of the Indian Home Rule Society.
Singh Rewabhai Rana was born to a high-caste Rajput family in the Kathiawar district, and was a claimant to the throne of the princely state of Limbdi, hence also Rana's title of 'Sardar'. Rana was educated at Elphinstone College, graduating with a baccalaureate from Bombay University in 1898. 
In 1899, Rana left for Paris, where he began a jewellery business trading in pearls. He is known to have lived with a German woman who – although she was not married to him – came to be known as Mrs. Rana. It was at this time that Rana came to associate with Indian nationalist politicians, including Lala Lajpat Rai who is known to have visited Paris and stayed with the Ranas. In 1905, Rana became one of the founding-members of the Indian Home Rule Society, of which he was the vice president. Together with Munchershah Burjorji Godrej and Bhikaji Cama he founded the Paris Indian Society that same year as an extension of the Indian Home Rule Society on the European continent. As Shyamji Krishna Varma did also, Rana announced three scholarships in memory of Rana Pratap Singh for Indian students, each worth Rs 2,000.
Together with Cama he came to develop close links with the French and Russian Socialist movements. and with her attended the second Socialist Congress at Stuttgart in 1907. From then on, he was a regular contributor to "Bande Mataram" (published by Cama from Paris) and "The Talvar" (from Berlin), which were then smuggled into India.
The years immediately prior to World War I were however the turning point for Rana's personal and political life. Along with his dying son Ranjit and his German Wife, he was expelled by the French Government to Martinique in 1911. The activities of the Paris Indian Society were curtailed under pressure from the French Sûreté, and finally suspended in 1914. His wife was also refused permission to enter France for a cancer operation.

</doc>
<doc id="18383877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383877" title="420th Flight Test Flight">
420th Flight Test Flight

The 420th Flight Test Flight (420 FLTF) is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve squadron. It was last assigned to the 413th Flight Test Group of Air Force Reserve Command at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport, Arizona, where it was inactivated on 31 October 2007.
The flight was first active during World War II as the 420th Night Fighter Squadron. The squadron served from 1943 to 1944 as an Operational Training Unit for night fighter aircrews.
The 420th Air Refueling Squadron was activated under Tactical Air Command in 1954 but moved to England, where it served under United States Air Forces Europe until being inactivated as Strategic Air Command assumed the role of single manager for USAF air refueling. In 1985 the night fighter and refueling squadrons were consolidated into a single unit.
The 6520th Test Squadron was organized in 1989 by Air Force Systems Command. In 1992, as the USAF eliminated Major Command controlled (MAJCON) units, the 6520th was consolidated with the 420th and redesignated the 420th Flight Test Squadron. The squadron was inactivated as a regular unit in 1997, but was activated four years later in the reserves as the 420th Flight Test Flight.
History.
World War II.
The squadron was first established in mid-1943 as the 420th Night Fighter Squadron, a defensive Night Fighter interceptor squadron at the Army Air Forces School of Applied Tactics (AAFSAT) at Orlando Army Air Base, Florida. Night fighter combat over the skies of England made the USAAF aware of the need for night air defense training and tactics development.
AAFSAT was ordered to develop a training program to produce pilots with night fighting skills. The 420th Night Fighter Squadron was designated as the Operational Training Unit (OTU) at Orlando for the training program.
AAFSAT's immediate requirement was to train night fighter pilots for two operational squadrons that were destined for Hawaii and for Panama. However, initially the training program could not be carried out due to a lack of training aircraft. The school acquired a collection of aircraft from AAF Training Command. Only a few Douglas P-70 Nighthawks were modified for night operations. Production delays at Northrop for the P-61 Black Widow fighter aircraft required the unit to use what it had until the first YP-61s were received in early 1944.
In January 1944 the entire program moved to Hammer Field, California and was placed under IV Fighter Command. The move placed the squadron near Northrop manufacturing facility at Hawthorne, California and most programmed P-61 squadrons were planned for operations in the Pacific and China Burma India Theaters.
In March 1944 the 420th was disbanded when the AAF found that standard military units, based on relatively inflexible tables of organization were proving less well adapted to the training mission. Accordingly a more functional system was adopted in which each base was organized into a separate numbered unit during a reorganization of units in the United States. The squadron's personnel and equipment were transferred to Squadron A of the 450th Army Air Forces Base Unit (Night Fighter Replacement Training Unit).
Cold War.
The 420th Air Refueling Squadron was activated in 1954 by Tactical Air Command to provide dedicated air refueling for TAC bombers, fighters, and fighter bombers. The 420th was activated at Alexandria AFB, Louisiana and was the first TAC air refueling squadron. The squadron received KB-29Ps fitted with the refueling boom.
In 1955 the unit deployed to United States Air Forces in Europe and was based at RAF Sculthorpe, Norfolk, England to provide air refueling for USAFE squadrons. However, the KB-29s were simply too slow to refuel jet fighters. The increasing performance of operational fighters made it necessary to boost the performance of the tankers, and this was done by re-equipping with the KB-50 Superfortress in 1957 which provided greater speed to refuel jet aircraft. KB-50s were modified to KB-50J configuration in 1958 which added a J-47 turbojet engine underneath each wing in place of the auxiliary fuel tanks to increase the speed of the aircraft. The KB-29P was phased out in 1958.
Unfortunately, the elderly KB-50Js began to deteriorate almost as soon as they were delivered, and due to a chronic parts shortage TAC was forced to resort to cannibalization to keep the retrofitted tanker aircraft flying. Landing gear malfunctions were frequent, and many parts started to break simply because of old age. More and more maintenance had to be performed in order to keep the aircraft flying.
By 1963 the squadron's aircraft began to be phased out, the mission being taken over primarily by Air National Guard Boeing KC-97 Stratotankers. rotating to Europe under Operation Creek Party. The squadron inactivated in early 1964 and its KB-50Js were sent to the Military Aircraft Storage and Disposition Center at Davis-Monthan AFB. Arizona.
B-2 Spirit Flight Testing.
Air Force Systems Command] activated the 6520th Test Squadron in March 1989 at Edwards AFB, California. Its mission was the pre-operational testing of the B-2 Spirit stealth bomber. The B-2 was first revealed to the public on 22 November 1988, when AV-1 (82-1066 "Spirit of America") was unveiled at Air Force Plant 42 near Palmdale, California. At this time the aircraft was still not ready for its first flight. Taxi tests began on 10 July 1989. The B-2 finally made its first flight on 17 July 1989 from Palmdale. The flight lasted 112 minutes and ended with a landing at Edwards and delivery to the 6520th.
After carrying out initial tests, AV-1 was used for radar cross section tests. In early 1993, AV-1 was placed in long term storage to await upgrading to full service configuration prior to joining the operational fleet. The second test aircraft (AV-2, 82-1067 "Spirit of Arizona") flew for the first time on 19 October 1990 from Palmdale, landing at Edwards AFB. It was heavily instrumented and served as the loads test aircraft.
AV-3 (82-1068 "Spirit of New York") took to the air for the first time on 18 June 1991. It was the first radar and navigation test aircraft. AV-4 (82-1069 "Spirit of Indiana") followed on 17 April 1992, and AV-5 (82-1070 "Spirit of Ohio") on 5 October 1992. These two planes were used for avionics and weapons testing. The first bomb to be tested with the B-2 was a 2000-lb Mk 84, which was dropped from AV-4 on 12 September 1992. AV-5 was the intended for armament, climactic, and low-observability testing.
On 1 October 1992, the 6520th Test Squadron was consolidated with the 420th Air Refueling Squadron. The next day the consolidated unit was renamed the 420th Test Squadron.
The last development aircraft, AV-6 (82-1071 "Spirit of Mississippi") flew on 2 February 1993. It was used for technical order validation and for further weapons and avionics testing. By January 1995 the six B-2s had logged more than 2300 hours in the air in more than 490 flights. Terrain-following certification flights were undertaken by AV-4 in September 1996. By January 1997, the B-2 had reached limited operational capability and testing at Edwards was phased down. B-2 flight testing was transferred to the 419th Flight Test Squadron and the squadron was inactivated at the end of 1997.
T-38 Talon Flight Testing.
The 420th was reactivated in 2001 at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport, Arizona (formerly Williams AFB) as the 420th Flight Test Flight. The flight acted as a T-38 Talon functional check flight organization. The 420th replaced Operating Location E of the 622d Regional Support Group, which originally stood up in May 2000. After the 413th Flight Test Group was created at Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, transferred to the group in 2003.
The unit supported the T-38C avionics upgrade program by flying depot-level test sorties and acceptance check flights after the cockpit upgrades were completed. In addition, pilots would pick up aircraft and bring them to Mesa for upgrade at a Boeing facility and then deliver them after the work was complete. The squadron was inactivated on 30 October 2007 due to budget reductions.
Lineage.
420th Night Fighter Squadron
'"420th Air Refueling Squadron
420th Flight Test Flight

</doc>
<doc id="18383888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383888" title="Hum Log">
Hum Log

Hum Log may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18383906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383906" title="2008 in Canadian literature">
2008 in Canadian literature

This is a summary of the year 2008 in Canadian literature.

</doc>
<doc id="18383907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383907" title="List of people from Resen">
List of people from Resen

Below is a list of notable people born in Resen, Republic of Macedonia or its surroundings:

</doc>
<doc id="18383912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383912" title="Moratalla CF">
Moratalla CF

Moratalla Club de Fútbol was a Spanish football team based in Moratalla, in the Region of Murcia. Founded in 1979 and dissolved in 2011, it held home matches at "Estadio Casa Felipe", with a capacity of 3,000 seats.
History.
"Moratalla Club de Fútbol" was founded in 1979. It first appeared in national category ten years later, competing in Group XIII in the fourth division.
In 2008–09, the club made its first presence in the third level promotion playoffs, being ousted by CD Alcalá 0–2 on aggregate. However, after Lorca Deportiva CF was relegated for lack of payment to its players, Moratalla took its place, making its first appearance in the category on 30 August 2009, in a 0–2 away loss against Real Murcia Imperial, and eventually being relegated back.
The team was dissolved after the 2010–11 season due to economic problems, and its place was bought by a recently founded club, FC Jumilla.

</doc>
<doc id="18383924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383924" title="Lisa Macuja-Elizalde">
Lisa Macuja-Elizalde

Lisa Teresita Pacheco Macuja-Elizalde (born October 3, 1964) is a Prima Ballerina. In 1984, she became the first Filipina prima ballerina, and first foreign soloist to ever join the Kirov Ballet. In the Philippines, she is the Artistic Director of Ballet Manila and Vice-Chairman of the Philippine UNESCO National Commission. She was also the Commissioner of the National Commission on the Role of Filipino Women. Macuja-Elizalde is also Directress and faculty member of the Ballet Manila School – a training center for ballet professionals who are steeped in the Russian Vaganova method.
Biography.
Early years.
Lisa was born at Lourdes Hospital in the City of Manila, Philippines. She is the daughter of Cesar Macuja and Susan Pacheco. Lisa is the second among four siblings. Her elder brother, Julio II (Joly) was born in 1963. She had a younger brother who was a teenage actor and musical artist named Jerome who was born in 1967, but died in a car accident on September 30, 1984, just three days before his 20th birthday, during her first season at the Kirov Ballet. She is the sister of Gia Macuja Atchison, an actress and musical artist, who was born in 1971, and who is married to musician Robert Atchison. Raised as a Catholic, Lisa attended St. Theresa's College in Quezon City, Philippines, where she was a consistent honor student in grade school until she graduated salutatorian in her high school class. At age 8, she started her first ballet class with Felicitas Layag-Radaic as her mentor, who kept a vigilant eye on her early years as a ballerina, and saw her through five Royal Academy of Dancing (RAD) syllabus examinations in the ten years while she was under her school. At age 11, she danced onstage for the first time in a ballet recital called "Twinkle Toes in Tinsel Land" that was shown on February 29, 1976 at the Meralco Theater, Pasig City, Philippines. She was an apprentice and young soloist of Dance Theater Philippines (DTP). She received her advanced certificate from the Royal Academy of Dancing, and earned a scholarship to the Vaganova Choreographic Institute in Leningrad. She was the principal dancer of the renowned Kirov Ballet between 1984 and 1986. She returned to Manila in 1986 and became the first artist-in-residence of the Cultural Center of the Philippines (CCP) while dancing with Ballet Philippines. In 1988, she became a ballerina of the Philippine Ballet Theater (PBT) and had since remained Philippine-based, performing as principal ballerina in major local productions and as international guest artist in Russia, Lithuania, Latvia, Ukraine, Georgia, Armenia, the United States, Cuba, Mexico, Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, Singapore, and New Zealand. In 1995, she established her very own ballet company, Ballet Manila, envisioned as a ballet company by the dancers, of the dancers and for the dancers, dance training and education rank among the foremost priorities of the group under the watchful eyes of Macuja-Elizalde and ballet master Osias Barroso, who have drilled the company in the highly-rigorous Russian (Vaganova) method of classical ballet.
During the first 10 years of Ballet Manila’s touring, Lisa Macuja-Elizalde has led the Company on four performance tours of 16 cities in Russia, four performance tours of 15 cities in the U.S.A., and in Arts Festivals such as the Aberdeen Youth Festival in Scotland, and the Folk Arts Festival in South Korea, the Asia Arts Festival in Beijing, China, the Angkor-Gyeongju World Culture Expo in Angkor-Wat, Cambodia and the Philippine Fiesta in Japan. She also led her Company in Outreach performance tours of more than 45 cities and towns throughout the Philippines.
Career and education.
In 1982, Lisa was a scholar of the USSR Ministry of Culture when she entered the Vaganova Choreographic Institute, currently known as the Academy of Russian Ballet at Saint Petersburg, Russia. Lisa trained under former Kirov ballerina Tatiana Alexandrovna Udalenkova who taught her the Russian Vaganova technique. At the Leningrad Choreographic School, Lisa was coached by Natalia M. Dudinskaya, then, under the artistic director Konstantin Sergeyev. She graduated at the top of her class in 1984, as she became the first foreign soloist to be invited to join the Kirov ballet. At the Kirov, Lisa was taught by Galina P. Kekisheva, under artistic director, Oleg Vinogradov. It was at the historical Maryinsky Theater that Lisa first premiered as principal ballerina in The Nutcracker, Don Quixote, and Giselle.
She received an Associate of Arts degree in General Studies in 2004, and her Bachelor of Science degree in Business Management (with honors) in 2007, from the University of Phoenix, U.S.A., which is an online correspondence school.
Media personality.
It was on March 11, 2007 when Lisa Macuja-Elizalde launched her radio show aptly billed as 'Art 2 Art', with the hope to nurture a relationship between the Filipino audience and the artists, thereby, further promoting art consciousness to the public with a lively exchange of ideas and experiences by guest artists on radio. Macuja-Elizalde's 'Art 2 Art' is produced by the Manila Broadcasting Company, the largest radio network in the Philippines and in Asia with over 500 radio stations all over, with its flagship station DZRH, the oldest radio station in the Philippines covering 97% of the archipelago.
On October 28, 2008, on its 30th Anniversary, the Catholic Mass Media Awards (CMMA), an event in the Philippines that honors the mass media communicators and the projects that promote Christian values in the most outstanding way during the past year, Art 2 Art was given a special citation as the Best Educational Program in Radio category, "for inspiring people by featuring the stories behind the success of personalities who received the national artist award." Macuja-Elizalde accepted the award in behalf of Art 2 Art.
On July 2012, Senator Miriam Defensor-Santiago, in a resolution filed on Monday, urged President Benigno Aquino III to confer on prima ballerina Lisa Macuja-Elizalde the title of National Artist for Dance.
Santiago said she filed Senate Resolution 808, Santiago after watching "World Stars of Ballet," which starred Macuja-Elizalde.
Macuja was the first foreign soloist in the prestigious Kirov Ballet, also known as the Imperial Russian Ballet.
"Lisa is hailed as the 'ballerina of the people.' No Filipina ballerina has yet surpassed the recognition and pride Lisa Macuja-Elizalde has brought to the Philippines. She is the embodiment of talent, creativity and imagination, technical proficiency of the highest order, grace, and humanity that makes her worthy of the title of National Artist," Santiago said.

</doc>
<doc id="18383928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383928" title="T.H. Properties">
T.H. Properties

T.H. Properties (THP) is a suburban Philadelphia-based builder with a corporate office located in Harleysville, PA.
The company was the 8th fastest growing builder in 2007 with a 13% increase in home closings and a 24% increase in annual revenue. Inc. Magazine also ranked T.H. Properties as the 7th fastest growing U.S. company in 1997. Builder Magazine ranked THP #78 on its Builder 100 list in 2008, which is based on the total number of settled homes in a specific year. In 2009, THP had projected the closing of 350 units in 2009, down from 385 in 2008 and 501 in 2007. On April 30, 2009, THP filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The company emerged from bankruptcy on January 19, 2012.
Company History.
T.H. Properties is a family of fully integrated homebuilder and real estate service companies known collectively as "THP." The company is engaged in the acquisition, development, construction and sales of premier housing communities in southeastern Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
THP was founded by brothers Todd and Tim Hendricks in 1992 with the goal of creating affordable, quality new homes to first-time homebuyers and first-time "move-up" homebuyers. At its peak in 2005, THP delivered over 600 homes and generated over $170 million. It also controlled over 7,000 lots, and by 2007, was selling a variety of projects in 18 active communities. At the height of its operations, THP employed over 250 people in site infrastructure, construction, sales, customer service and administration. 
It currently remains one of the largest privately owned homebuilders by volume in the Philadelphia area and in the Lehigh Valley, and is currently in Chapter 11 reorganization.
Philanthropy.
T.H. Properties has gained attention for its involvement in various charitable activities, both on a local and international level. Grammy-nominated recording artist Sarah Kelly wrote the song "Still Afraid" for the company to bring attention to neglected children who live in the slums of Cairo, Egypt. THP also sent several teams of employees to Biloxi, Mississippi, to assist in the clean-up effort after the area was devastated by Hurricane Katrina in 2005. The company also sponsored many local events and charities.
List of Past and Present Projects.
Active construction projects are in bold:
- Acorn Avenue
- Annandale
- Arbor Court
- Avalon
- Beechwood
- Belcourt
- Bellevue
- Belmont Estates Phase I and II
- Berkshire Court Phase I and II
- Berwind Estates
- Bowen's Court
- Brayton Gardens
- Brenton Point Phase I, II and III
- Brinley Court
- Brookdale 
- Brownstone Mill
- Burbank Grove
- Biltmore Estates
- Barton Ridge
- Castle Hill
- Channing View
- Claridon Court Phase I and II
- Cliffside Manor
- Coddington View
- Court at the Ledges
- Crossways
- Crosswinds Phase I and II
- De La Salle
- Edgehill
- Elms
- Emerald Hills
- Enclave at Bowen's Court
- Estates of Warwick
- Everett Court
- Fairlawn Court Phase I and II
- Garden View
- Greenvail Estates
- Hammersmith Farm
- Hawthorne Estates
- Hearthstone Valley
- Hunter Ridge Phase I and II
- Kingscote
- Kingston Hill Phase I & II
- Monroe Court
- Northgate
- Orchard Hill
- Orchard Ridge
- Park Avenue
- Prescott Farm
- Preston Court 
- Providence Phase I and II
- Regency Manor
- Reserves at Annandale
- Reserves at Fairlawn Court
- Ridgeway Estates
- Rosecliff Manor
- Rosewood
- Sherwood Village
- Summerlea
- Summerwind Phase II
- The Ledges
- Vernon Court
- Village at Wynstone
- Wayside
- Wedgewood Place
- Westport Farm
- Whitehorne
- Wickford Hunt Phase I and II
- Wickham Place
- Windmill Court
- Whitfield Estates
- Wyndham Phase I and II
Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection and Reorganization.
In March 2009, Wachovia National Bank filed suit against THP, Tim Hendricks and Todd Hendricks to immediately recover $7.6 million. Two other lenders filed suits shortly thereafter and also canceled THP's lines of credit. 
On April 30, 2009, the company filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, PA. The combination of the Great Recession, severe slump in the housing market and the credit crisis forced THP to file for Chapter 11 as part of its ongoing efforts to reorganize its core business and restructure its lender obligations.
Status of Reorganization.
By December 2010, THP was actively building in six communities and completed construction in five other communities. The company reached repayment agreements with most creditors and lenders. Several lenders are currently financing Biltmore Estates and Northgate .
THP submitted its reorganization plan on November 2, 2011, and the plan was approved by Judge Steven Raslavich on January 19, 2012. The confirmation was filed with the court on January 20, 2012. The plan allows the company to use proceeds from several communities to repay its debt.
See also.
List of companies based in the Philadelphia area

</doc>
<doc id="18383939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18383939" title="X-ray Raman scattering">
X-ray Raman scattering

X-ray Raman scattering (XRS) is non-resonant inelastic scattering of x-rays from core electrons. 
It is analogous to Raman scattering, which is a widely used tool in 
optical spectroscopy, with the difference being that the wavelengths of the
exciting photons fall in the x-ray regime and the corresponding excitations
are from deep core electrons.
XRS is an element-specific spectroscopic tool for studying the electronic structure of matter. In particular, it probes the excited-state density of states (DOS) of an atomic species in a sample.
Description.
XRS is an inelastic x-ray scattering process, in which a high-energy x-ray photon gives energy to a core electron, exciting it to an unoccupied state. The process is in principle analogous to x-ray absorption (XAS), but the "energy transfer" plays the role of the x-ray photon "energy absorbed" in x-ray absorption, exactly as in 
Raman scattering in optics vibrational low-energy excitations can be observed
by studying the spectrum of light scattered from a molecule. 
Because the energy (and therefore wavelength) of the probing x-ray can be chosen
freely and is usually in the hard x-ray regime, certain constraints 
of soft x-rays in the studies of electronic structure of the material are
overcome. For example, soft x-ray studies may be surface sensitive and they require a vacuum environment. This makes studies of many substances, such as numerous liquids impossible using soft x-ray absorption. One of the most notable applications in which x-ray Raman scattering is superior to soft x-ray absorption is the study of soft x-ray absorption edges in high pressure. Whereas high-energy x-rays may pass through a high-pressure apparatus like a diamond anvil cell and reach the sample inside the cell, soft x-rays would be absorbed by the cell itself.
History.
In his report of finding of a new type of scattering, Sir Chandrasekhara Venkata Raman proposed that a similar effect should be found also in the x-ray regime. Around the same time, B. Davis and D. Mitchell reported in 1928 on the fine-structure of the scattered radiation from graphite and noted that they had lines that seemed to be in agreement with carbon K shell energy. Several researchers attempted similar experiments in the late 1920s and early 1930s but the results could not always be confirmed. Often the first unambiguous observations of the XRS effect is credited to K. Das Gupta (reported findings 1959) and Tadasu Suzuki (reported 1964). It was soon realized that the XRS peak in solids was broadened by the solid-state effects and it appeared as a band, with a shape similar to that of a XAS spectrum. The potential of the technique was limited until modern synchrotron light sources became available. This is due to the very small XRS probability of the incident photons, requiring radiation with 
a very high intensity. Today, the XRS technique is rapidly growing in importance. It can be used to study near-edge x-ray absorption fine structure (NEXAFS or XANES) as well as extended x-ray absorption fine structure (EXAFS).
Brief theory of XRS.
XRS belongs to the class of non-resonant inelastic x-ray scattering, which has a cross section of 
Here, formula_2 is the Thomson cross section, which signifies that the scattering is that of electromagnetic waves from electrons. The physics of the system under study is buried in the "dynamic structure factor" formula_3, which is a function of momentum transfer formula_4 and energy transfer formula_5. The dynamic structure factor contains all non-resonant electronic excitations, including not only the core-electron excitations observed in XRS but also e.g. plasmons, the collective fluctuations of valence electrons, and Compton scattering.
Similarity to x-ray absorption.
It was shown by Yukio Mizuno and Yoshihiro Ohmura in 1967 that
at small momentum transfers formula_4 the XRS contribution of 
the dynamic structure factor is
proportional to the x-ray absorption spectrum. The main difference is that
while the polarization vector of light couples to momentum of the
absorbing electron in XAS, in XRS the momentum of the incident photon
couples to the charge of the electron. Because of this, the momentum transfer
of XRS plays the role of photon polarization of XAS.

</doc>
<doc id="18384025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384025" title="Argyris Samios">
Argyris Samios

Argyris Samios (; born 2 January 1990) is a Greek footballer who plays as an Attacking Midfielder.
Career.
Born in Athens, Samios began playing football for local side Panathinaikos F.C. He has played on loan for Egaleo F.C. in the Beta Ethniki and Olympiakos Chersonissos F.C. and Apollon Smyrni F.C. in the Gamma Ethniki.

</doc>
<doc id="18384052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384052" title="Bira Circuit">
Bira Circuit

Bira Circuit is a motor racing track named after Thai prince Prince Birabongse Bhanutej Bhanubandh. The circuit has been operated by Bira Circuit One Company, Limited. The track, initially opened in 1985, covers an area of . It is a permanent motor and motorbike racing circuit with an offroad track, a rally stage and a go-kart facility. It is located in 111 Moo 5 Banglamung, Chonburi, Northeast of Pattaya. The circuit located on State Highway 36 which is from Bangkok and from the CBD of Pattaya.
The circuit is twisty and bumpy which consist of elevation and two chicanes, a fast downhill double apex corner. There are 30 pits for racecars, plus a control tower, medical center and meeting room. The grandstand and spectator area can accommodate up to 30,000 people. It is also the only circuit in Thailand that meets the standard of Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (F.I.A.). The South East Asia Touring Car Zone Challenge (SEATCZC) has been run at Bira Circuit since 1992 and the Asian Formula 2000 (AF2000) since 1997. The Circuit has full facilities for arranging all kinds of motorsport events; race meeting, racing school, test drives and etc.
Bira's go-kart track can race up to 100 km/h on the straights depends on the weather conditions. In order to meet Commission Internationale de Karting's standard, the go-kart track was overhauled in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18384102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384102" title="Nesoddtangen">
Nesoddtangen

Nesoddtangen is a village in, and the administrative centre of Nesodden in Akershus, Norway. It had 11,795 residents in 2011; about two thirds of the municipality's population. It's located some 4 miles (7 kilometers) south west of Oslo, and passenger ferry is the most used commuting transportation. Of the working population in Nesoddtangen, more than 90% work in Oslo. 
The name "Nesoddtangen" is a triple tautology, consisting of three parts, "nes", "odd" and "tangen", all being synonyms signifying a small cape or promontory.

</doc>
<doc id="18384111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384111" title="Cython">
Cython

The Cython programming language is a superset of Python with a foreign function interface for invoking C/C++ routines and the ability to declare the static type of subroutine parameters and results, local variables, and class attributes. It actually is a Python to C source code translator that integrates with the CPython interpreter on a low-level.
Overview.
Cython is a compiled language that generates CPython extension modules. These extension modules can then be loaded and used by regular Python code using the import statement. Cython is written in Python and works on Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X, producing source files compatible with CPython 2.4 through 3.3.
It works by producing a standard Python module. The difference from standard Python behavior however, is that the original code of the module is actually written in Python but is then translated into C. The resulting code is not completely independent, although it is fast, but rather makes many calls into the CPython interpreter and CPython standard libraries to perform actual work. This saved considerably on Cython's development time but requires a dependency on the Python interpreter and standard library for the module.
Despite the fact that most of the code is being output in C. At least a small stub loader written in interpreted Python is usually required (unless you want to create a loader in C, working with messy undocumented internals of CPython), but this is not a major problem due to the dependency on the Python interpreter.
Hello World.
Cython has an unusually involved hello world program because it interfaces with the Python C API and the codice_1 extension building facility. At least three files are required for a basic project:
The following code listings demonstrate the build and launch process.
These commands build and launch the program
History.
Cython is a derivative of the Pyrex language, and supports more features and optimizations than Pyrex.
Cython was forked from Pyrex in 2007 by developers of the Sage computer algebra package, because they were unhappy with Pyrex's limitations and could not get patches accepted by Pyrex's maintainer Greg Ewing, who envisioned a much smaller scope for his tool than the Sage developers had in mind. They then forked Pyrex as SageX. When they found people were downloading Sage just to get SageX, and developers of other packages (including Stefan Behnel, who maintains LXML) were also maintaining forks of Pyrex, SageX was split off the Sage project and merged with cython-lxml to become Cython.
Example.
Cython files have a codice_4 extension. At its most basic, Cython code looks exactly like Python code. However, whereas standard Python is dynamically typed, in Cython, types can optionally be provided, allowing for improved performance, allowing loops to be converted into C loops where possible. For example:
Static type declarations and Performance.
A Cython program that implements the same algorithm as a corresponding Python program may consume fewer computing resources such as core memory and processing cycles due to differences between the CPython and Cython execution models. On the one hand, a basic Python program is loaded and executed by the CPython virtual machine, so both the runtime and the program itself consume computing resources. On the other hand, a Cython program is compiled to C code, which is further compiled to machine code, so the virtual machine is used only briefly when the program is loaded.
Cython employs:
Since C is the intermediate language, performance will depend on the C compiler.
Uses.
Cython is particularly popular among scientific users of Python, where it has "the perfect audience" according to Python developer Guido van Rossum. Of particular note:
Cython's domain is not limited to just numerical computing. For example, the lxml XML toolkit is written mostly in Cython, and Cython is used to provide Pythonic bindings for many C and C++ libraries like the messaging library ZeroMQ. Cython can also be used to develop parallel programs for multicore machines; this feature makes use of the OpenMP library.

</doc>
<doc id="18384115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384115" title="Barnes and Thornburg Building">
Barnes and Thornburg Building

The Barnes and Thornburg Building is a high rise in Indianapolis, Indiana originally known as the Merchants National Bank Building. In 1905 that bank engaged the architectural firm of D. H. Burnham & Company of Chicago to design a new bank headquarters on the southeastern corner of the Washington and Meridian streets, the most important intersection in Indianapolis. Initial occupancy of the lower floors took place in 1908, while the upper floors were not completed until 1912.
Daniel Burnham was one of the architects associated with the Chicago School. He designed the Merchants Bank Building using Louis Sullivan's formula of base, shaft, and capital. The base, consisting of the first floor and mezzanine, is of Indiana limestone. The shaft is of red brick, while the attic floor capital has profuse Classical moldings of terra cotta.
The 17 floors are used primarily for office space. The building and its annex at 7 E. Washington Street were added to National Register of Historic Places in 1982. Its current owner and primary occupant is the law firm of Barnes & Thornburg, LLP.
Most of the first floor was, until 2011, most recently occupied by a Borders Book Store.

</doc>
<doc id="18384122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384122" title="Chatsworth Apartments">
Chatsworth Apartments

The Chatsworth Apartments is an apartment building located at 630 Merrick Street in Detroit, Michigan, within the campus of Wayne State University. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Description.
The Chatsworth Apartments is a nine-story, apartment building, built of reinforced concrete with tan-colored brick and tile. The apartment building was constructed at a cost of approximately $560,000 to accommodate the influx of residents into Detroit in the 1920s. It included an underground parking garage with a sixty-five car capacity - an uncommon feature at the time.
As of 2008, the building is owned by Wayne State University, and is used as housing for graduate and professional students.

</doc>
<doc id="18384132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384132" title="Joey Cristofanilli">
Joey Cristofanilli

Joey Cristofanilli is a bassist who played in the bands Magic, Rough Cutt, Ratt, and Jag Wire.
With the bands Magic and Rough Cutt, he was bandmates with keyboardist Claude Schnell, who later became famous for playing keyboards in the band Dio.
After Rough Cutt, he played in the band Ratt.
With Ratt, he filled in for Juan Croucier, who briefly went back to Dokken after joining Ratt. In addition to playing on the version of "You're In Trouble" that was a bonus track on some copies of the "Ratt EP", he also co-wrote "Wanted Man" on "Out of the Cellar".
After Ratt, he played in the band Jag Wire.

</doc>
<doc id="18384143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384143" title="Hsiang-Tung Chang">
Hsiang-Tung Chang

Hsiang-Tung Chang () (November 27, 1907 – November 4, 2007) was a renowned neurophysiologist of China and an academician of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS). He carried out fundamental studies on the structure and function of the central nervous system. Chang was one of the pioneers in the study of dendritic potentials and among the first to recognize the functional significance of dendrites in the central nervous system. He was the first to propose a fundamental distinction between axosomatic and axodendritic synapses. Chang was regarded as one of founders of China's neuroscience. He helped found Shanghai Institute of Brain Research of CAS (later Institute of Neuroscience of CAS). 
Chang was born in Zhengding, Hebei Province. He graduated from the department of physiology of Peking University in 1933, and obtained a doctor of philosophy in physiology from Yale University in the United States in 1946. From 1948 to 1952, Chang was an assistant professor at Yale School of Medicine. From 1952 to 1956, Chang was an associate researcher at Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research. After his return to China in late 1956, he served as a research fellow at Shanghai Institute of Physiology of CAS. He became the director of Shanghai Institute of Brain Research of CAS in 1980 and, since his retirement in 1984, the honorary director of the Institute. 
Chang became foreign academician-elect of USSR Academy of Sciences in 1966, honorary foreign member of Royal Academy of Medicine of Belgium in 1982 and honorary member of International Association for the Study of Pain in 1989. He received the Lifetime Achievement Award from International Neural Network Society in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18384154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384154" title="Hans Martin Sutermeister">
Hans Martin Sutermeister

Hans Martin Sutermeister (September 29, 1907 in Schlossrued - May 5, 1977 in Basel; pen name: Hans Moehrlen) was a Swiss physician and medical writer, politician, and activist against miscarriages of justice.
Life.
Early years.
Sutermeister was the brother of composer Heinrich Sutermeister; his grandfather was Otto Sutermeister. A minister's son, Sutermeister studied theology in Germany, changing to medicine at University of Basel just before completing his degree. After his promotion with his uncle Hans Hunziker in 1941, Sutermeister published, under the pseudonym “Hans Moehrlen” (following the surname of his great-grandfather Christophe Moehrlen), an autobiographical novella about his life as a bachelor. The novella describes his philosophical change of direction towards a monist view of love and happiness, inspired by natural science; remarkably is its heartedness in times of war. In the following years, Sutermeister published a series on neopositivist medical thought. He was especially interested in psychosomatic medicine and music psychology. For example, according to him, “swing music is restful” because the brain becomes fatigued when it is worked too hard, as in acquiring knowledge of new facts. Both students and business men can benefit by such music … the best way to rest the brain after such fatigue is to “regress” to more basic or primitive forms of thought and feeling.
During World War II, he worked for the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration in Germany, Poland and Czechoslovakia, as well as a physician at the Swiss border. After the war he wrote for medical journals and was an instructor in psychophysiology at the Volkshochschule (Folk high school) in Bern. In 1945, he opened his first a family medical practice in Bern.
In order to get a venia legendi in History of Medicine and Medical Psychology (Psychosomatics), Sutermeister successively deposited, at the beginning of the 1950s, three post-doctoral theses at the Medical Faculty of the University of Berne:
Sutermeister was in contact with the medical historian Erich Hintzsche particularly because of his work "Schiller as physician", and he participated in a seminar on medical history 1953 in Lugano. In a letter to Hintzsche, Henry E. Sigerist described Sutermeister's review, published in 1955 as Volume 13 of the "Berne contributions to the history of medicine and natural sciences", as “a very nice work … that is interesting even to literary historians.” The assessor Jakob Klaesi recommended to the Dean of the Faculty Bernhard Walthard to allow Sutermeister's habilitation allow for the government to issue Sutermeister's habilitation as a lecturer in Medicine history and Psychosomatic medicine. Hintzsche, however, who decided jointly, rejected his habilitation.
Politics.
He joined the Ring of Independents political party and began his political career in the legislature of the Canton of Bern. From 1967 to 1971 he served as a member of the municipal executive, as well as director of the city's schools. As school director, he promoted comprehensive schools. Although he had a reputation as a progressive within his party, he also stirred some concern both inside and outside the party by fiercely criticizing "The Little Red Schoolbook", an educational manifesto deriving from the 1968 student protest movement that urged students to reject societal norms. "Der Spiegel" quoted his warning to all educators: We will not permit our youth, who are today still healthy, and our freedom-based Western culture, to be undermined by such softening-up tactics, which are clearly controlled from the East, and made 'Ready for conquest' by Communism.
and added that some schools banned the book; Radio Bern canceled a broadcast on it; and bookstores canceled orders; the city authorities determined that the book was not seditious, but with police assurance that they had the power to do so, banned it as posing a danger to minors. His actions revealed latent attitudinal and generational divisions within the party, and he was not re-elected in 1971.
In 1972, he opened his new family medical practice in Basel.
Activism against miscarriages of justice.
In the 1960s, Sutermeister became interested in forensic pathology, and began to involve himself in investigating and attempting to right miscarriages of justice. He traveled widely and wrote analyses on false recognition, intimidation by prison inmates, uncritical acceptance of expert testimony, suggestibility and emotionalism in jurors and psychological errors by judges. His book "Summa Iniuria", which treats hundreds of cases, is one of the most thorough German-language works in the field. He concerned himself particularly with the case of Pierre Jaccoud, whom he was convinced had been wrongly convicted of murdering Charles Zumbach based on faulty forensic work. At one point Pierre Hegg, the head of the police criminological laboratory, sued him for defamation. His efforts on behalf of Jaccoud made him a prominent and effective opponent of courtroom injustice, and he went so far as to assemble the funds to hire Horace Mastronardi and other lawyers to appeal Jaccoud's conviction. Despite his efforts, the case was never reopened.
The criminal law expert Karl Peters puts Sutermeister's "Summa iniuria" in the context of the earlier works of Erich Sello, Max Alsberg, Albert Hellwig, Max Hirschberg and Heinrich Jagusch and considers him as a "committed fighters for a constitutionally protected Criminal Justice".
Bibliography.
The bibliography of Hans Martin Sutermeister includes a fictional novel and around 150 scientific articles, essays and books, some of them Investigative journalism written by the Swiss writer Hans Martin Sutermeister, pen name Hans Moehrlen (1907–1977). Sutermeister was a prolific writer on topics related to psychosomatic medicine, music psychology and history of medicine as well as contemporary Swiss society and cultural criticism, whom Karl Peters in 2008 declared "a fierce fighter for justice."
Sutermeister is best remembered for his contradictory political as a both-left-and-rightwing libertarian-authoritarian presence in local media. Every line of work that he has written since 1942 seeming, directly or indirectly, in favour of a monist worldview. To that end, Sutermeister used his scientific writing to defend his political convictions, as shown in several book reviews. He first achieved acclaim with his non–fictional books from "Psychologie und Weltanschauung" (1944) to "Schiller als Arzt" (1955) and cemented his place in local history as one of the greatest Swiss pamphletists with the publication of "" shortly before his death.
Sutermeister wrote non-fiction—including book reviews, editorials, and investigative journalism—for a variety of Swiss periodicals, mainly medical journals. He particularly wrote a book-length investigation of comprehensive schools in Switzerland and another of miscarriages of justice in the form of "", a retrospective of criminal justice mainly in Switzerland and Germany.
No attempts have been made until now to comprehensively collect the entirety of his miscellany.
Books.
Sutermeister composed one novel, "Zwischen zwei Welten", which is autobiographical; it was inspired by his period working as a student during wartime; it records his experiences living and tramping in a town where he later finished his medical studies; the names are partially fictionalized:
Among his Non-fiction books are the writings of his Neopositivist period (1942–1945) which culminates in his article "Der Neopositivismus als neue Einheitsweltanschauung" (1945; see below): 
Academic work.
Doctoral dissertation:
At the University of Berne, Sutermeister presented subsequently three Habilitation theses, which were all rejected:
Articles.
Sutermeister wrote dozens of essays and book reviews. His insights into history of medicine, literature, and politics (defending in particular anti-fascist, liberal socialist, freethought and somehow anti-communist ideas) during the following years. Since his death, many essays have disappeared, with the first attempt at a comprehensive collection being this list. Some of his essays, mainly during his time as member of the Ring of Independents political party, took the form of pamphlets and were published and distributed (by himself) independently.
The following list contains the articles which are both registered in PubMed and can be considered as outstanding because of their scope, theme range or length:
Volume 40, Issue 6, 8 February 1951, Pages 121-122. PMID 14827825
Other cultural manifestation.
As a member of the so–called bernese nonconformists, Sutermeister spoke in the Junkere 37 (sometimes called Speakers' Corner of Bern). Some fragments of these manifestations are traceable in the "Nonkonformismus Archiv Fredi Lerch".
While Sutermeister was not known for his aesthetic work, he did compose two “little waltz” and a poem:

</doc>
<doc id="18384183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384183" title="1924–25 Montreal Canadiens season">
1924–25 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1924–25 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 16th season and eighth as a member of the National Hockey League (NHL). The Canadiens once again made it to the Stanley Cup Final but lost to the Victoria Cougars.
Regular season.
This was the first season for the Montreal Maroons and Boston Bruins - the first American NHL team. The Montreal Forum, was built to house the Maroons. However, it was the Canadiens who played in it first. The season started earlier, on November 29, and because the Mount Royal Arena couldn't produce ice, it was decided to move a game against the Toronto St. Patricks to the Forum. The Canadiens beat the St. Patricks 7–1, as Billy Boucher scored a hat trick before 8000 fans.
The Canadiens improved their scoring, scoring 93 goals in 30 games, giving up 56. Georges Vezina led the league in goals against average of 1.9 per game. All six team's starting goalie had a GAA under 4. Aurel Joliat led the Canadiens on offence, scoring 29 goals.
Playoffs.
NHL Championship.
The third seed Montreal Canadiens played against the second seed Toronto St. Patricks in a total goals series. The winner of that series was to go on and play the first seed team, the Hamilton Tigers. But it was not to happen that way. During the total goals series, the Hamilton players demanded $200 each for the extra six games played during the regular season and the league threatened to suspend the players and the team. Last-ditch efforts to reach a compromise failed and the Tigers were suspended. It was suggested that the Ottawa Senators be included in the playoffs, but Charlie Querrie and Leo Dandurand cited a fourth place finish didn't qualify Ottawa a playoff berth and it was decided that Montreal and Toronto had played for the league title. NHL president Frank Calder announced that the Canadiens played home games at the Forum, but Leo Dandurand said that they would be played at Mount Royal Arena unless it were necessary to move to the Forum, citing home games were home games, and the Canadiens played better in front of their own fans. Calder backed down from his stand. Montreal won the series against Toronto and was awarded the Prince of Wales Trophy and earned the right to play for the Stanley Cup.
Montreal Canadiens vs. Toronto St. Patricks
"Montreal wins total goals series 5 goals to 2"
Finals.
Over in the Western Canada Hockey League, the third place Victoria Cougars won their league championship and would face the Montreal Canadiens for the Stanley Cup championship. Victoria easily beat Montreal three games to one out-scoring the Canadiens 16 to 8. This marks the first, and last, time since the inception of the NHL that a non-NHL team won the Stanley Cup. On a foot-note, though, the Seattle Metropolitans could have claimed the Cup during the flu cancelled season of 1919, but chose not to out of good-sportsmanship. The series was played in Patrick Arena in Victoria.
Montreal Canadiens vs. Victoria Cougars
"Victoria Cougars win best-of-five series 3 games to 1 for the Stanley Cup"
Roster.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18384209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384209" title="Barbara Jo Allen">
Barbara Jo Allen

Barbara Jo Allen (September 2, 1906 – September 14, 1974) was an actress also known as Vera Vague, the spinster character she created and portrayed on radio and in films during the 1940s and 1950s. She based the character on a woman she had seen delivering a PTA literature lecture in a confused manner. As Vague, she popularized the catch phrase "You dear boy!"
Allen's acting ability first surfaced in school plays. Following her high school graduation, she went to Paris to study at the Sorbonne. Concentrating on language, she became proficient in French, Spanish, German and Italian. After the death of her parents, she moved to Los Angeles where she lived with her uncle.
Radio, film and television.
In 1937, she debuted on network radio drama as Beth Holly on NBC's "One Man's Family", followed by roles on "Death Valley Days", "I Love a Mystery" and other radio series. According to Allen, her Vera Vague character was “sort of a frustrated female, dumb, always ambitious and overzealous… a spouting Bureau of Misinformation.” After Vera was introduced in 1939 on "NBC Matinee", she became a regular with Bob Hope beginning in 1941.
Allen appeared in at least 60 movies and TV series between 1938 and 1963, often credited as Vera Vague rather than her own name. The character she created was so popular that she eventually adopted the character name as her professional name. From 1943 to 1952, as Vera, she made more than a dozen comedy two-reel short subjects for Columbia Pictures. 
In 1948, she did less acting and instead opened her own commercial orchid business, while also serving as the Honorary Mayor of Woodland Hills, California. In 1953, as Vera, she hosted her own television series, "Follow the Leader", a CBS audience participation show. In 1958, she appeared as Mabel, the boss of the flight attendants, in Jeannie Carson's syndicated version of her situation comedy "Hey, Jeannie!" The program aired only six episodes in syndication.
Animation.
She also did voices for animation, notably as the fairy Fauna in "Sleeping Beauty" (1959) and the Scullery Maid in "The Sword in the Stone" (1963).
Allen's first marriage was to actor Barton Yarborough. They had one child together. In 1946, the couple co-starred in the two-reel comedy short, "Hiss and Yell", nominated for an Academy Award as Best Short Subject. In 1931-32, Allen married Charles H. Crosby. In 1943, she married Bob Hope's producer, Norman Morrell. They had one child and were married for three decades, until her 1974 death in Santa Barbara, California.
Filmography.
Features:
Short Subjects:

</doc>
<doc id="18384221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384221" title="Twenty (Robert Cray album)">
Twenty (Robert Cray album)

Twenty is a blues album by Robert Cray. It was released on 24 May 2005, through Sanctuary Records.
Note.
Robert Cray plays "Poor Johnny" on Eric Clapton's 2007 Crossroads Guitar Festival DVD. Cray also played the song "Twenty" it was not featured on the DVD, although it can be viewed on Youtube

</doc>
<doc id="18384237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384237" title="Majordomo Records">
Majordomo Records

Majordomo Records is an indie record label formed as an imprint of Shout! Factory, a Los Angeles-based audio/video label started by the founders of Rhino Records. The label's products are distributed through Sony BMG in the United States, Universal Music in Canada and Pinnacle in Europe. The imprint specializes in indie rock, alternative and punk music.
Artists signed with Majordomo Records.
List includes artists previously signed with the label:

</doc>
<doc id="18384252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384252" title="One North Pennsylvania">
One North Pennsylvania

One North Pennsylvania, formerly known as the Oddfellows Building, is a high rise building in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was completed in 1908 and has 16 floors. It is primarily used for office space.

</doc>
<doc id="18384254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384254" title="Chettisham railway station">
Chettisham railway station

Chettisham railway station is a former railway station in Chettisham, Cambridgeshire. It was on the Great Eastern Railway route between Ely and March. Although the station closed in 1960, the line is still in use.
History.
The Eastern Counties Railway (ECR) opened their line from to and Peterborough on 14 January 1847. The ECR was amalgamated with other railways in 1862 to form the Great Eastern Railway. The station was originally named "Chittisham"; it was renamed "Chettisham" on 1 August 1901.
The station closed to passengers on 13 June 1960 but was briefly reopened with temporary platforms as "Ely Temporary Station" in 1991/2 while Ely Station was being renovated in connection with the electrification of the main line from Cambridge to King's Lynn

</doc>
<doc id="18384259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384259" title="Ofotens Bilruter">
Ofotens Bilruter

Ofotens Bilruter is a bus company based in Narvik, Norway, that operates schedules services in Ofoten. Owned by TIRB, it is part of Hurtigruten Group, and operates on contract with Nordland County Municipality. This includes the city buses in Narvik, regional buses in Ofoten, and Airport Express Coach branded buses to Harstad/Narvik Airport, Evenes and NOR-WAY Bussekspress branded buses to Bodø.
History.
The company was founded on 7 April 1938 to conduct transport on the newly opened road from Narvik to Harstad. In 1941 it started the route Narvik–Fauske–Bodø in cooperating with Saltens Bilruter. In 1947 the company extended the service to Fauske to include routes to the railway Nordlandsbanen that had opened to Lønsdal Station.

</doc>
<doc id="18384281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384281" title="Hoe-farming">
Hoe-farming

Hoe-farming is a collective term for certain forms of agriculture. In the farming of some early societies, and in some traditional cultures of the recent times or the near past, the tillage was done with simple manual tools like digging sticks or hoes, for example seeding was done manually by making holes for the seeds, putting them inside, then covering them.
The precursor to hoe-farming may be intensive gathering. As for its future, it does not necessarily “become superseded” by applying plough and animal traction, because ecological factors are also very important. Even the prevalence of the tsetse fly can matter . Also cultural factors can be considered (for example the local belief system can contain taboos against animal traction).
Hoe-farming often coincides with long fallow systems and shifting cultivation, contrasted to permanent plough-based cultivation systems and the intensification of agriculture. Hoe-farming may contain slash and burn clearance techniques, but they are not strictly necessary. It is usually embedded in the logic of subsistence agriculture.
Examples.
A traditional area of hoe-farming (“Hackbaugürtel”) included Sub-Saharan Africa, India and Maritime Southeast Asia, and the middle parts of the Americas. Presumably early forms of agriculture were much more widespread in the past, but could remain dominant against the spread of intensive farming mainly in the tropics.
The Isanzu were hoe-farming people (while the neighboring Hadzabe kept on living as hunter-gatherers).

</doc>
<doc id="18384282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384282" title="Narragansett Church">
Narragansett Church

Narragansett Church may refer to several churches in Rhode Island, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18384291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384291" title="Black Bank railway station">
Black Bank railway station

Black Bank railway station was a railway station in Black Bank, Cambridgeshire which is now closed. The station platforms have been demolished but the goods shed still stands and remains in use. Although the station is closed, the line is still in use.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18384303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384303" title="Tarlan Ahmadov">
Tarlan Ahmadov

Tarlan Ahmadov (, born 17 November 1971) is a retired Azerbaijani international football defender who was captain of the national team. During his international career he earnt 73 caps, ranking him fourth in Azerbaijan's all time appearance. Ahmadov played his club football in Azerbaijan, Russia, Ukraine and Iran, ending his career with Olimpik Baku in 2009.
Club career.
Ahmadov started his career at Termist Baku before moving to Neftchi Baku in 1989 and then Turan Tovuz in 1992. Ahmadov's first adventure playing outside of Azerbaijan was for Terek Grozny during the 1993 season, appearing 14 times. Ahmadov returned to Azerbaijan for the start of the 1993–94 season, signing for Qarabağ. Ahmadov played for Qarabağ for four seasons before heading back to Russia with Anzhi Makhachkala, though it was a short stay, playing five times before signing with Neftchi Baku in 1997. After three season, which included a short spell at Shafa Baku, Ahmadov yet again headed to Russia, this time signing for Fakel Voronezh in the Russian Top Division. After only seven games Ahmadov returned to Neftchi Baku, before moving to Shafa Baku again, having fallen out of favor at Neftchi. With the 2002-03 Azerbaijan Championship not being held, Ahmadov headed to Iran to sign for Esteghlal. After Esteghlal, Ahmadov signed for Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League. Ahmadov returned to Azerbaijan halfway through the 2003–04 with Qarabağ, before moving to Karvan for two seasons and then Olimpik Baku for the final three seasons of his career. Ahmadov retired from football at the end of the 2008–09 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18384321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384321" title="3tera">
3tera

3tera, Inc., (founded in 2004) is a developer of system software for utility computing and cloud computing. It is headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California. It was acquired by CA Technologies in 2010.
3tera is among the pioneers in the cloud computing space, having launched its AppLogic system in February, 2006. Cloud computing is the set of technologies and business practices that enable companies of all sizes to build, deploy, monitor and scale applications using resources accessed over the internet. Web 2.0, SaaS, Enterprise and government users are adopting cloud computing because it eliminates capital investment in hardware and facilities as well as reduces operations labor.
Cloud computing software.
3tera's flagship product, AppLogic, is used by numerous service providers as the foundation for their cloud computing offerings. 
AppLogic is a turnkey system that converts arrays of servers into virtualized resource pools that users can subscribe to in order to power their applications. Users can define not only virtual machines but also complex application infrastructure like firewalls, VPNs, load balancers and storage, all with nothing more than a browser. Service providers offer a variety of services based on AppLogic, including:
What generally distinguishes 3tera's model is that AppLogic is made available both as a service or as a software license. This allows customers to obtain service from a number of providers, move easily between providers, as well as operate in-house cloud computing services.
3Tera's principal founder was the late Vladimir Miloushev. Prior to its acquisition, the management and founders included Barry X Lynn, Chairman and Chief Executive; Peter Nickolov, President and Chief Technology Officer; Bert Armijo, Senior Vice President of Product Development; Eric Tessler, Vice President of Engineering, Essy Nickolova, Vice President of Marketing Communications, Robbie Vann-Adibè, Vice President of Sales; Krasimira Nikolova, Chief Financial Officer. .

</doc>
<doc id="18384328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384328" title="Stonea railway station">
Stonea railway station

Stonea railway station is a former railway station serving the small village of Stonea, Cambridgeshire. Although the station closed in 1966, the line is still in use.

</doc>
<doc id="18384337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384337" title="In Praise of the Vulnerable Man">
In Praise of the Vulnerable Man

"In Praise of the Vulnerable Man" is a song from Alanis Morissette's seventh studio album, Flavors of Entanglement. 
The single was released to digital download on August 18, 2008.
The digital single includes the radio edit and the b-side "Break". The perform in the TV show "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" was used as the video clip and the only form of disclosure of the single.
The song was performed on the "Flavors of Entanglement Tour".

</doc>
<doc id="18384344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384344" title="Beit She'arim">
Beit She'arim

Beit She'arim (, "lit." House of Gates) is a moshav in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee near Ramat Yishai, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 528.
During the 1920s Luise Lea Zaloscer and her sister Klara Barmaper organized the purchase of the planned Moshav's land on behalf of the JNF in Yugoslavia. In 1926 a group of immigrants from Yugoslavia settled in the place and established a Moshav, taking the name from the ancient city of Beit She'arim, the ruins of which are today a national park. Due to economic hardships the majority of the first settlers left in the 1930s, and in 1936 the moshav was reestablished by members of HaNoar HaOved VeHaLomed, immigrants from Yugoslavia and Eastern Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18384364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384364" title="Stemple">
Stemple

Stemple may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18384367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384367" title="List of Indian divisions in World War II">
List of Indian divisions in World War II

This is a list of Indian divisions in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="18384378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384378" title="Constitution of Mauritania">
Constitution of Mauritania

The current Constitution of Mauritania was adopted on 12 July 1991. There have been several constitutions since Mauritania's independence in 1960.
Current constitution.
Mauritania's current constitution was adopted on 12 July 1991. Under the Constitution, Islam is the state religion (Article 5), and the President must be a Muslim (Article 23). A 2006 referendum made the first changes since its initiation.
Previous constitutions.
1961 Constitution.
As soon as the Islamic Republic of Mauritania was proclaimed in October 1958, the Territorial Assembly changed its name to the Constituent Assembly and immediately initiated work to draft a national constitution; the document was unanimously adopted by the Constituent Assembly in March 1959 in place of the French constitution, and on November 28, 1960, Mauritania declared its independence. The constitution was ratified on May 20, 1961. 
The 1961 Constitution clearly reflected the influence of the Constitution of the French Fifth Republic in its dedication to liberal democratic principles and inalienable human rights as expressed in the 1789 Declaration of the Rights of Man and in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. In addition, the Constitution underscored the state's determined quest for independence and unity by proclaiming Islam the official religion. Somewhat paradoxically, freedom of religion was also guaranteed. Strict adherence to both sets of principles would seemingly have given rise to conflict, especially in the area of jurisprudence; however, in practice the government sought with acceptable success to balance the demands of the two.
Under the Constitution, the government was composed of three branches: executive, legislative, and judicial. The executive branch was headed by the president of the republic and included ministers whom he appointed and the administrative bureaucracy. The president was elected by universal suffrage for a five-year term and could serve an indefinite number of terms. From 1966 until the coup in 1978, all candidates for the office had to be nominated by the Mauritanian People's Party ("Parti du Peuple Mauritanienne"—PPM), be at least thirty-five years old, and have full exercise of their political and civil rights. In sharp contrast to its French antecedent, the Mauritanian Constitution strengthened presidential power by combining it with the function of prime minister, while making the National Assembly subordinate. Like a prime minister, the president participated in legislative processes that would otherwise reside in the domain of the National Assembly. At the same time, the Constitution prevented the president from dissolving the National Assembly, and it also denied the assembly the right to unseat the president by means of a vote of no confidence.
In its entirety, the Constitution came to resemble those of other francophone African states that were also adopted under the influence of General Charles de Gaulle's Fifth Republic and in response to the perceived need for strong, centralized leadership. In light of the highly fragmented polities typical of much of sub-Saharan Africa at that time, however, a system of checks and balances was thought to be overly cumbersome for the immediate tasks at hand.
Other presidential powers included commanding the armed forces; appointing civil servants, military officers, judges, and ambassadors; ratifying treaties and other international agreements; initiating or amending legislation; eliciting advisory opinions on proposed legislation from the Supreme Court; and exercising a temporary veto over legislation. Perhaps the president's greatest power lay in his right, in times of peril, to declare an emergency and exercise extraconstitutional authority.
The National Assembly was subordinate to the president. At independence, the assembly numbered forty deputies, all of whom were elected as a slate by universal suffrage for five-year terms. By 1971 the number had grown to fifty and by 1975 to seventy-eight, including the new deputies from the annexed portion of the Western Sahara, Tiris al Gharbiyya. The presidency of the assembly was the second highest position in the government and often the locus of traditionalist opposition to Daddah. Along with three vice presidents and two secretaries, the president of the assembly was elected from among the deputies. The assembly's limited power derived from Article 39 of the Constitution and included the formulation of broad policies on national defense, education, labor, and public administration. The assembly also had responsibility for legislating civil rights and taxation. All other legislative powers, including the implementation of specific policy decisions, fell to the president. In general, Daddah's handling of policy matters underscored the imbalance between the two branches of government. For example, although the president was required to present an annual message to the nation and might also provide supplemental statements to the assembly, he alone determined what information to share with legislators, who could not compel him to be more forthcoming. The president could also bypass the legislature completely by submitting proposed legislation to a popular referendum. Finally, the assembly's relatively short session, fixed at four months per year, limited the amount of legislation it could pass.
Constitutional amendments were permissible if they did not threaten the state or its republican form of government. Either the president or the National Assembly could propose an amendment, which would then require a two-thirds vote in the legislature in order to become law. If the proposed amendment received only a simple majority, the president could submit it as a referendum. In fact, the latter process was never necessary. Two major amendments were passed in the 1960s, one in 1965 institutionalizing one-party government, and a second in 1968 pertaining to local administration, the status of magistrates, and the designation of Hassaniya Arabic as an official language.
Although the Constitution did not provide for a system of checks and balances, the assembly did have three ways to limit presidential power. First, it could refuse requested budgetary appropriations, although the president could circumvent the assembly's budgetary veto by simply promulgating an interim budget based on total receipts of the previous year. Second, if able to muster a two-thirds vote, the assembly could impeach the president or any of his ministers for treason or plotting against the state. The Supreme Court, a body appointed by the president, would judge the charges in such cases. Finally, the assembly could, in effect, override a presidential veto if, after a second reading, the law received an absolute majority in the assembly and was declared constitutional by the Supreme Court.
1980 draft constitution.
The military regime that toppled Daddah in 1978 abolished the Constitution that had been ratified on May 20, 1961. Then in December 1980, when he unexpectedly announced a return to civilian rule, Haidalla promulgated a new provisional constitution. That draft constitution provided for a multiparty system and freedom of association, provisions Haidalla hoped would attract support from the labor union movement. Following an abortive coup attempt in March 1981 by former members of the military government, however, Haidalla reneged on his intention of returning Mauritania to civilian rule and scrapped the draft constitution.
1985 Constitutional charter.
The Constitutional Charter of the CMSN, which was promulgated on February 9, 1985, served as a de facto constitution. The charter unequivocally eliminated any of the pretenses of democracy embodied in the 1961 constitution. At the same time, it pledged adherence to the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights and to the charters of the United Nations (UN), the Organization of African Unity (OAU), and the League of Arab States (Arab League). The charter also proclaimed Islam the state religion and sharia the only source of law. Article 14, however, presaged a return to democratic institutions and a new constitution that would bear some semblance to the 1961 Constitution.
The fundamental powers and responsibilities of the CMSN, outlined in Article 3 of the charter, included establishing the general policies of the nation, promulgating ordinances to carry out policy, monitoring actions of the government, ratifying international agreements, and granting amnesty except in cases of retributory justice and religious crimes (see Law and Crime, ch. 5). Articles 4 through 10 pertained to the internal organization of the CMSN and presidential succession. Members were nominated to the CMSN by ordinance of that body, and it alone decided the procedures by which it would conduct its business. Included within the CMSN was the Permanent Committee, consisting of all CMSN members posted to Nouakchott. The Permanent Committee met in ordinary session once every fifteen days and in extraordinary session when convoked by the president. The CMSN was required to meet in ordinary session every third month and in extraordinary session when convoked by the president after approval of the Permanent Committee, or upon the request of one-third of the members. If the president were temporarily absent, the president of the CMSN would nominate a member of the Permanent Committee to carry out the routine affairs of state. If the president were temporarily incapacitated, the Permanent Committee would nominate one of its members to manage affairs of state for a period not to exceed one month. In the event of the president's death or a long-term incapacitation, the Permanent Committee would designate one of its members to carry out the functions of president for one week, after which the entire CMSN would appoint a new president from among its members.
Articles 11 and 12 determined the manner in which the president nominated civilian and military members of government. As head of state and commander in chief of the armed forces, the president made all nominations for civilian and military posts and for members of the government. Similarly, he could dismiss an appointee at any time. The final four articles of the Constitutional Charter dealt with maintenance of public order and enforcement of CMSN ordinances.
A second ordinance, promulgated at the same time as the charter, governed the internal organization of the CMSN and supplemented the charter. The preamble to this ordinance unequivocally entrusted the CMSN with national sovereignty and legitimacy, but only until replaced by democratic institutions.
The first three articles established de jure membership and rank in the CMSN and delineated the relationship between members of the government and the CMSN. Members of the CMSN ranked higher than members of the government. Accordingly, no member of the CMSN could be sued, searched, arrested, held, or tried while carrying out official duties. No member could be arrested or sued in criminal cases or minor offenses without authorization from either the full CMSN or the Permanent Committee, unless caught in flagrante delicto.
The second article dealt with the selection and responsibilities of the president of the CMSN, who was chosen in a secret ballot by a two-thirds majority of its members and could be deposed in the same way. The president presided over debates and ensured that the Permanent Committee complied with the charter and the committee's regulations. He also controlled debate and could suspend the session at any time. Internally, the CMSN included five advisory commissions dealing with cultural and social affairs, security affairs, public works and development, economy and financial affairs, and education and justice. The commissions monitored the implementation of policy in their respective areas.
In reality, the CMSN in 1987 was a coterie of officers, most of whom were Maures, representing a variety of sometimes overlapping and sometimes discrete corporate and ethnic interests. Among its members, rank, status and influence varied widely. In debates, which were resolved by consensus, the opinions and positions of the acknowledged "big men" were not likely to be challenged openly by members of lower status, who instead might have engaged in surreptitious maneuvering or plotting behind the scenes. The most powerful member of the CMSN in the late 1980s was Taya, who was often described as hardworking and dedicated and whose achievements were the result of strength of purpose rather than political ambition. The second most powerful figure was the minister of interior, information, and telecommunications, Lieutenant Colonel Djibril Ould Abdallah, who was often described as "Taya's strongman."
The military government operated through a cabinet whose members, both civilian and military, were appointed by the president, presumably after consultation with members of the CMSN. In 1987 approximately one-third of the fifteen cabinet ministers were also members of the CMSN, although that ratio changed with every cabinet reshuffle. Cabinet officers were responsible for implementing policies initiated by the CMSN.

</doc>
<doc id="18384390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384390" title="The Essential Harry Belafonte">
The Essential Harry Belafonte

The Essential Harry Belafonte is a two-disc compilation recording by Harry Belafonte, released in 2005 on the Legacy label.
The 37 tracks span Belafonte's career from 1952 to 1977, including his RCA Victor and Columbia Records releases. All selections for inclusion were made by Belafonte himself.
Allmusic stated: "Harry Belafonte's influence on pop music is much more far reaching then many realize, as he was one of the first performers to bring worldbeat rhythms to the U.S. charts in the postwar era... Innovative, intelligent, and unceasingly creative, Belafonte is long overdue for a critical reappraisal."

</doc>
<doc id="18384393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384393" title="Stoklands Bilruter">
Stoklands Bilruter

Stocklands Bilruter AS was a bus company operating in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county, Norway. It operated on a contract with the Nordland county municipality.
The company was founded in 1924 by Ludvig Stokland that started operation with a Ford Model T. A few years later he started scheduled services between Presteid and Skutvika and also between Hamsund and Buvåg. In 1935, he bought his first bus. The company became a limited company in 1959, and by 1986 Stockland Bilruter had 29 vehicles. The next year, it was bought by Saltens Bilruter.

</doc>
<doc id="18384394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384394" title="Fukuoka 17">
Fukuoka 17

Fukuoka #17 Branch Prisoner of War Camp was a Japanese Prisoner-of-war camp located at the Mitsui Kozan Miike Kogyo-Sho coal mine and Mitsui Zinc Foundry in Shinminato-machi, Omuta-shi, Fukuoka-ken, Japan, during World War II.
History.
The Camp was opened 7 August 1943 and was gradually populated by 1,735,000 prisoners of war of mixed nationalities, mostly Australian, American, British and Dutch. The British, Dutch and Australians were survivors of the Burma Railway construction in Thailand (Siam). The last group to arrive were all Australians, in June 1945; they had formerly been held in the Fukuoka 13-D Oita POW camp.
The site was originally the labourers' quarters built by the Mitsui Coal Mining Company owned by the Baron Mitsui. The camp was gradually expanded with further buildings constructed over the years.
Description.
The camp measured 200 yards by 1000 yards and was surrounded by a 12 feet high wooden fence fixed with heavy gauge wire. There were 33 barracks, all one story buildings 120' x 16' with ten rooms to a barracks. Constructed of wood with tight tar paper roofs, and windows with panes. Officers were billeted three or four per room measuring 9' x 10', with four to six enlisted men accommodated in rooms of same size. There was no heating whatsoever, which was a serious problem in the winter months as the men were living on starvation diets. Each room had one 15-watt light bulb.
The canteen was run by what became known as the "American Mafia" led by Lieutenant Little. There were two meals served each day, usually one cup of rice and some radish soup. Protein was rarely provided.
The camp commandant was Asao Fukuhara, who was executed after the war for war crimes. The camp doctor was an unidentified Japanese surgeon who forced men to work even when critically ill. 
The prisoners knew the guards by nicknames. These included the Sailor, One-armed Bandit, Pig, Smiley, Long Beach, Riverside, Flangeface, Fox, Screamer, Devil, Wolf, Blinkey, Mouse, Big Stoop, Gold teeth, Turtle, Devil, Billy Goat, Rat, Greyhound, Wingy, Pretty Boy and The Bull.
Baron Mitsui's company leased the POWs from the Japanese Army, who received payment from the Company of about 20 yen per day. The American, Australian and Dutch POWs all worked in the Mitsui coal mine whilst all the British worked in the nearby Mitsui zinc foundry. Pay for privates and NCOs was 10 yen per day and all POWs received about 5 cigarettes each day. 
The camp was liberated on 2 September 1945, by which time most of the POWs were in a desperate state of health. Many POWs were suffering from severe beri-beri and were only 50% of their normal weight. Camp survivors were evacuated via the destroyed Nagasaki about ten days after liberation.

</doc>
<doc id="18384396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384396" title="1900 K Street">
1900 K Street

1900 K Street is a high-rise skyscraper located in Washington, D.C., United States. The building broke ground in 1995, with its construction being completed in 1996. The building rises to , containing 13 floors and a total floor area of 102,851 m². The architect of the building was Cesar Pelli & Associates Architects, who designed the postmodern architectural style of the building, which is built with glass and steel material. The building serves for office use. The building is managed by Hines, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18384397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384397" title="Kneel Cohn">
Kneel Cohn

Kneel Cohn (born January 12, 1976) in The Bronx, New York is the primary songwriter, lead singer and guitarist for The Dead Stars On Hollywood, known for the songs "Prozac Smile" and "Flaunt it Like This". He has performed with, produced songs and done remixing and production work with bands including Collide, Contagion, Patti Rothberg, and members of Crass, Buzzcocks, The Dandy Warhols, UK Subs, Consolidated, Black 'n Blue and Sin Corporation.
He appears in the film "Blast", starring Liesel Matthews, Adam LaVorgna and PJ Soles and a cameo in the documentary "Vegucated".
Cohn is vegan and known for his involvement in animal rights issues. In April 2009 he designed and launched Vegetable Slut, a line of animal rights activist pinback buttons and t-shirts.
He is currently producing a benefit compilation CD for the non-profit organization CFEI (Compassionate Farming Education Initiative) featuring songs by Moby, Yoko Ono, Bright Eyes, The Pretenders, Nellie McKay, Howard Jones, Princess Superstar and The Dead Stars On Hollywood.
Biography.
Personal life.
Kneel's former girlfriend Barbara Swan is the cousin of Kathleen Hanna of the bands Bikini Kill (credited for starting the riot grrrl movement) and Le Tigre.
Kneel is credited for the skating name of roller derby all-star "Baby Ruthless" of New York City's Gotham Girls Roller Derby. A character inspired by her known as "Babe Ruthless" is portrayed by Ellen Page in the Drew Barrymore film Whip It. The original Baby Ruthless, Cohn's ex-girlfriend, is featured in the UK band Towers Of London's music video for their song "How Rude She Was".
Kneel is the nephew of cartoonist Dave Berg, creator of "Mad" magazine's "The Lighter Side".

</doc>
<doc id="18384404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384404" title="Some Rainy Morning">
Some Rainy Morning

Some Rainy Morning is a blues album by Robert Cray, it was released on 9 May 1995 through Mercury Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18384406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384406" title="Thomas Building">
Thomas Building

Thomas Building was a high rise building in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was completed in 1895 and had 13 floors. It was primarily used for office space. It was destroyed by fire in November 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18384407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384407" title="Attahk">
Attahk

Attahk is the eighth studio album by Magma. It was released in 1978.
After "Üdü Ẁüdü", Magma disbanded for a year until reuniting under a slightly different direction than before. This album incorporated elements of funk, R&B, gospel, and pop music.
Some songs on this album - such as "Rindë" - as well as some from "Live/Hhaï" (1975) and "Üdü Ẁüdü" (1976) - are incorporated in "Ëmëhntëhtt-Ré" (2009).
Track listing.
All songs written by Christian Vander.
Side two.
Note: On the most recent release of the CD by Charly Records, track 2 is labelled as "Spiritual (Gospel)".
Personnel.
with

</doc>
<doc id="18384427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384427" title="SMS Panther (1885)">
SMS Panther (1885)

SMS Panther was a torpedo cruiser ("Torpedoschiff") of the Austro-Hungarian Navy. She and her sister ship, "Leopard," were part of a program to build up Austria-Hungary's fleet of torpedo craft in the 1880s.
Design.
The Navy Commander ("Marinekommandant") of the Austro-Hungarian fleet, Vice Admiral Maximilian Daublebsky von Sterneck, outlined in a memorandum of 8 September 1884 the requirements for a cruiser equipped with a reinforced ram bow for ramming as well as torpedoes for attacks on larger warships. Such vessels would also be small and fast enough to undertake patrol and reconnaissance duties. They were originally classified as "torpedo ships" ("Torpedoschiff") - equivalent of a torpedo cruiser in other navies. In 1903 they were reclassified as 3rd Class Cruisers, then in 1909 as small cruisers ("Kleine Kreuzer").
When funds for two ships were approved by the Austro-Hungarian Reichsrat, bids were solicited from British builders. The order went to the firm of W.G. Armstrong at Elswick, Newcastle upon Tyne and its chief designer, William Henry White (afterwards the British Director of Naval Construction from 1885 to 1902).
As designed by White, "Panther" was a steel-hulled vessel of 1,557 tons displacement. She measured 240 feet nine inches in length with a beam of 34 feet 11 inches and a draft (as
completed) of 14 feet five inches. Propulsion was supplied by two compound steam engines with four cylindrical boilers, giving a speed of 19.4 knots. The crew comprised 186 officers and men.
Original armament of "Panther" consisted of two 12cm Krupp guns, four 4.7cm quick-firing guns and six 4.7cm revolver cannon with four 14-inch torpedo tubes. The torpedo tubes were located singly, in the bow and stern and at either beam. "Panther" was built with as pronounced a ram bow as the larger Austro-Hungarian warships of the time.
Service.
"Panther" was launched on 13 June 1885. The Austro-Hungarian Navy's supervising naval architect, Siegfried Popper, found that the ship's draft aft was four feet 11 inches more than intended. After lengthy disagreement, White and the shipyard admitted the error, which was partly offset through a shift in the cruiser's weight distribution, so that the excessive draft aft was reduced to two feet five inches. 
Upon completion, "Panther" was leader of a torpedo boat flotilla. "Panther" and "Leopard" represented Austria-Hungary at the Barcelona World's Exposition in 1888. In 1891 "Panther's" four 4.7cm guns were replaced with ten newer-model guns of the same caliber. She was reclassified as a 3rd Class cruiser in 1903 and as a small cruiser ("Kleiner Kreuzer") in 1909. Also in 1909, the aft torpedo tube was removed and four 6.6cm guns added to her armament.
When the First World War began in 1914, "Panther" was moved from Trieste to Cattaro. She took part in the bombardment of enemy batteries on Mount Lovcen (which dominated Cattaro Bay) on 9 September 1914 and 8/9 January 1916. In May 1917 she was moved to Pola as a seagoing training ship for the submarine commander's school.
"Panther" was withdrawn from service in October 1918 only weeks before the collapse of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Allocated to Britain as a war reparation in 1920, she was immediately sold and scrapped in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18384430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384430" title="Tony Brennan">
Tony Brennan

James Anthony Brennan (13 January 1916 – 4 November 1965), better known as Tony Brennan, was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Clonoulty-Rossmore and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team from 1939 until 1953. Brennan is regarded as one of Tipperary’s greatest-ever players.
Biography.
Tony Brennan was born in Clonoulty, County Tipperary in 1916 to a family steeped in sporting history. His uncles, on his father's side, were outstanding athletes in their day in their native place of Boyle, County Roscommon. A maternal uncle was Phil Byrne who won four All-Ireland hurling medals with Tipperary in 1895, 1896, 1898 and in 1899. Another uncle, Tom Byrne, won two All-Ireland football medals with Dublin in 1892 and 1894.
Brennan became interested in hurling at a young age, however, his career as a hurler almost ended when he fractured his skull at the age of twelve. After spending three weeks in hospital he recovered and was able to resume his playing career.
Brennan was educated at the local national school and later attended Thurles CBS where his hurling skills were further developed. In 1930 he was a member of the Dean Ryan Cup team and was full-back on the team that won the first ever Harty Cup for the school in 1933. Brennan’s final year of secondary school took him to Rockwell College where he won numerous honours for being an outstanding athlete in 1935. That same year he played for the college's Harty Cup team, however, his side was beaten in the final by the North Monastery from Cork. At that time the All-Ireland colleges' championship was played on an inter-provincial basis and Brennan was selected for Munster on four occasions from 1931 to 1935.
In 1937 Brennan joined the Irish-speaking battalion of the Irish Army and was stationed at Renmore, County Galway for eight years. He remained in the army for all of his life.
Tony Brennan died accidentally on 4 November 1965. On that day he and his father-in-law embarked on a pheasant shoot. Brennan had borrowed a shotgun from a neighbour that had a defective catch. While changing the gun from one hand to another to put a pheasant he had just shot into his bag, the firearm accidentally discharged and fatally wounded him.
Brennan was posthumously honoured in 2000 when he was named in the full-back position on the Tipperary Hurling Team of the Century.
Playing career.
Club.
Brennan began his club hurling career with his local Clonoulty-Rossmore club. After moving to Galway in the late 1930s he joined the local club there in Renmore. Brennan won a junior county title in the late 1930s and played senior hurling with the club until his return to Clonoulty in 1945. In 1951 the club reached their first county final in several decades, however, Brennan never realized his ambition of winning a county medal as Holycross-Ballycahil were victorious on that occasion.
Inter-county.
Brennan first came to prominence on the inter-county scene with the Tipperary minor team in the early 1930s. He won a Munster title in this grade in 1931, however, his side were later defeated in the All-Ireland semi-final. Two years later in 1933 Brennan added a second Munster minor medal to his collection. The subsequent All-Ireland final saw Tipp defeat Galway by 4-6 to 2-3 giving Brennan a coveted All-Ireland medal. He missed Tipp’s Munster minor final victory in 1934, however, he returned in time to capture a second consecutive All-Ireland medal.
After moving to Renmore, Brennan lined out with the Galway junior hurling team. He won a Connacht junior title, however, All-Ireland success in this grade eluded him.
In 1945 Brennan was back in his native-county and was invited onto the Tipperary team. He played at centre-forward that year as Tipp defeated Limerick in a memorable provincial final. It was Brennan’s first Munster senior title. The subsequent All-Ireland final pitted Tipperary against Kilkenny for the first time in eight years. Brennan was moved to full-forward for that game as a crowd of almost 70,000 went to Croke Park. Tipp took a 4-3 to 0-3 lead at half-time, however, ‘the Cats’ fought back. Nevertheless, Tipperary won the game by 5-6 to 3-6 giving Brennan his first senior All-Ireland medal.
It would be four years later in 1949 before Brennan tasted further success. He captured a National Hurling League medal at the start of the year before later winning a second Munster medal following another victory over Limerick. The subsequent All-Ireland final saw Tipp play Laois, the surprise winners of the Leinster final. The game turned into a rout as the Munster men completely overpowered the Leinster men. Brennan collected a second All-Ireland medal following a 3-11 to 0-3 victory.
In 1950 Brennan began the year by winning a second National League title with Tipp. 
Tipperary later took on Cork in the Munster final. The stakes were high as both sides realized that whoever won would be the favourites to take the All-Ireland title. The game itself has gone down in history as a nadir in the history of crowd-troubled matches. It is estimated that up to 50,000 people packed into FitzGerald Stadium to witness the game as gates were broken down, walls were scaled and the playing field was frequently invaded. Oranges, sods of earth and overcoats were thrown at Tipp goalkeeper Tony Reddin as he tried to do his duty. In the end Tipp won the game by 2-17 to 3-11. In the All-Ireland final Tipperary faced Kilkenny. The game failed to live up to expectations, however, Brennan added a third All-Ireland medal to his collection following a 1-9 to 1-8 victory.
1951 saw Cork and Tipp meet once again in the provincial final. The atmosphere was different from the previous encounter; however, Tipp still won the game giving Brennan a third Munster medal in-a-row, his fourth overall. Wexford won the Leinster final for the first time in several decades that year and provided the opposition in the All-Ireland final. Wexford’s Nicky Rackard gave a superb display of hurling, however, the Tipp forwards ran riot and notched up 7-7 to Wexford’s 3-9. with that Brennan had captured his fourth All-Ireland medal.
1952 began well for Brennan when he won his third National League medal. Later in the Munster semi-final Tipp secured their 15th consecutive championship win, a record which still stands today. It looked as if Doyle’s side would cruise to almost certain further Munster and All-Ireland titles; however, Cork put a stop to this with a narrow victory in the Munster final. 
In 1953 both Cork and Tipperary met for the fourth consecutive year in the Munster final. The latter team was now on a downward spiral and duly lost the game by 3-10 to 1-11. This was Brennan’s final appearance for Tipperary as he retired from inter-county hurling shortly after the defeat.
Provincial.
Brennan also lined out with Munster in the inter-provincial hurling competition. He captured his sole Railway Cup winners’ medal in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="18384454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384454" title="Yao Tongbin">
Yao Tongbin

Yao Tongbin (Chinese: 姚桐斌; September 3, 1922 - June 8, 1968) was a Chinese scientist and an expert in missile and aerospace materials and technology.
Yao was born in Wuxi, Jiangsu Province. He graduated from the department of metallurgy of Shanghai Jiao Tong University in July 1945, and obtained a doctorate of engineering from University of Birmingham in UK in 1951. After returning to China in September 1957, Yao served in the fifth research institute affiliated to Ministry of National Defense, headed by Qian Xuesen. He helped found the Institute of Materials and Technology (later affiliated to 7th Ministry of Mechanical Industry) and became the director. Yao was persecuted in Cultural Revolution, and was beaten to death on June 8, 1968, at the age of 45. Because of his significant contribution to China's astronautical materials and technology, Yao was awarded posthumously the "Two Bombs, One Satellite" Achievement Medal in 1999 by Chinese government.

</doc>
<doc id="18384455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384455" title="Aslak Brekke">
Aslak Brekke

Aslak Brekke (October 6, 1901 – 1978) was a prominent vocalist of one of the Scandinavian poetic genres that is referred to as stev.
As a folk music singer, he was also well-known.
He was born in Vinje, Telemark.
One way to describe his style of singing, might be to use his own words, that he recited the songs, to a greater degree, rather than straightforward singing them. And often he would follow the pulse of the song, with foot-tapping.
Aslak lived as a postman in his early years. It is said that he could be heard far off, as he was singing all the way while treading his bicycle. Eivind Groven was a childhood friend of him, and Eivind`s wife Ragna recalled how he came to Groven farm in the late 1920`s. Then he sang from the moment he arrived and all through the evening. His repertoire was almost incredible, Ragna recalled.
Musical/poetic career highlights include :
When Aslak Brekke first was broadcast on national radio, the more urban public reacted with scorn. They were not used to his way of singing, finding it crude and unlearned. Eivind Groven noted that the public might not be trained in the "old Norwegian tonal ways" as he put it. His voice and singing could be compared to Bob Dylan in his younger years.
Aslak Brekke and Eivind Groven met each other for the last time in the summer of 1976. Groven died the next winter, Brekke in 1978. Groven, ill from Parkinson`s disease, approached, and Aslak exclaimed: "Eivind, are you still counted among the living?"
The two of them sat down and sang old ditties and songs all evening, to the delight of all other present.
The Norwegian/English edition of "Aslak Brekke og visune hans", was released in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18384478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384478" title="António Sebastião Spínola">
António Sebastião Spínola

António Sebastião Spínola (Machico, Porto da Cruz, 13 July 1875 – Machico, Porto da Cruz, 19 March 1956) was an Inspector General of Finances and Chief of Cabinet of the Finance Minister Professor Oliveira Salazar and afterwards of Finance Minister Professor João Pinto da Costa Leite, 4th Conde de Lumbrales, Councilor and Administrator of the "Fundação da Casa de Bragança", etc.
He was the oldest child and son of António Sebastião Spínola (Machico, Porto da Cruz, 2 March 1845 - ?), a natural son recognised on 7 January 1853, landowner in the Island of Madeira, and wife (m. Machico, Porto da Cruz, 18 May 1874) Maria José da Silva (Machico, Porto da Cruz, 18 October 1854 - ?), also a natural daughter.
He married firstly in Funchal, São Pedro, on 6 September 1902 to Maria Gabriela Alves Ribeiro (Funchal, São Pedro, 14 June 1884 - ?), daughter of Francisco Antonio Rivera y Amigo (Galicia, Pontevedra, Pontevedra, Santiago de Covelo, 1855 - ?), a Galician merchant in Funchal where he lived, and wife (m. Funchal, Sé, 20 November 1880) Virgínia Alves (Funchal, Sé, 1860 - ?), also a natural daughter, by whom he had four children: 
He married secondly Alice de Lemos de Araújo, without issue.

</doc>
<doc id="18384496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384496" title="Notgrove">
Notgrove

Notgrove is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire, England, approximately 28.5 (17.8 miles) to the east of Gloucester. It lies in the Cotswolds, an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
History.
The village was recorded as "Natangrafum" between 716–43. It was listed in the Domesday Book of 1086 as "Nategrave" or "Nategraua", the name coming from the Old English "næt" + "grāf" meaning "wet grove or copse".
Governance.
Notgrove is part of the Sandywell ward of the district of Cotswold, represented by Councillor Robin Hughes, a member of the Conservative Party. Notgrove is part of the constituency of Cotswold, represented at parliament by Conservative MP Geoffrey Clifton-Brown. It is part of the South West England constituency of the European Parliament.
Geography.
Notgrove is in the county of Gloucestershire and lies within the Cotswolds, a range of hills designated an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. It is about 28.5 km (17.8 miles) to the east of Gloucester. It is approximately 17.5 km (11 miles) east of its post town Cheltenham and about 7 km (4.5 miles) west of Bourton-on-the-Water. Nearby villages include Turkdean, Cold Aston, Hazleton, Naunton and Salperton.
Church.
The parish church is dedicated to Saint Bartholomew. It is a Norman church, believed to be on the site of a Saxon cemetery. It houses effigies to the descendants of Richard Whittington (Dick Whittington).

</doc>
<doc id="18384505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384505" title="Yaxley and Farcet railway station">
Yaxley and Farcet railway station

Yaxley and Farcet railway station is a former station in Yaxley, Cambridgeshire, just south of Peterborough.
History.
The station was opened by the Great Northern Railway on 19 May 1890, originally being named "Yaxley"; just over five years later, in July 1895, it was renamed "Yaxley and Farcet".
The station was closed on 6 April 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="18384506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384506" title="The Pennsylvania North">
The Pennsylvania North

The Pennsylvania North is a high-rise building located in Washington, D.C., United States. The building was constructed in 1990. The building rises to , containing 14 floors. The architect of the building was Hartman-Cox Architects. The building serves as an office use building.

</doc>
<doc id="18384528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384528" title="Archaeobelodon">
Archaeobelodon

Archaeobelodon is an extinct genus of proboscidea of the family "Gomphotheriidae" endemic to Europe and Africa during the Miocene from 16.9—16.0 Ma, living for approximately .
"Archaeobelodon" was an ancestor of "Platybelodon" and "Amebelodon". "Archaeobelodon" had a trunk and tusks. It reached a weight of about 2305 - 3477 kg, being smaller than a modern elephant.

</doc>
<doc id="18384543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384543" title="Dita Field Hockey">
Dita Field Hockey

Dita (pronounced DEE-tuh) is a sporting goods company which specializes in field hockey sticks and turf shoes. While Dita is sold worldwide, its main distributors are located in the USA, the UK, and the Netherlands. 
Popularity.
In the United States, Dita is best known for its use at the college level with teams such as Wake Forest, Michigan State, UMass, Iowa, Ohio University, UVA, Duke,Indiana, Drexel, Delaware, and current NCAA D-I champions Maryland. Members of the USA Women's National Team, such as Michelle Kasold, Jesse Gey, Kat Sharkey, Torrie Albini, and former Olympian Kelly Doton, use Dita sticks especially the EXA 500, EXA 400, and EXA 300. Players on the Men's National Team also favor the EXA series, in particular the EXA 600 and EXA 200.
Every year Dita awards the DITA/NFHCA Coach of the Year awards in NCAA Division I, II, III, and High School.
History.
Dita is an Urdu word, meaning 'heaven sent, or gift from God'. The company originated in what is now Pakistan through founder Allah Dita. It specialized in field hockey, cricket, and table tennis equipment, but has since dropped the last two to focus exclusively on field hockey. The brand name was bestowed by Allah Dita's son, Mr. K. M. Iqbal, in his honor.
Dita received one of its highest honors in recent history when Teun de Nooijer, two time FIH Player of the Year, chose to create his own signature stick to be fed into the Dita line. Named the Giga #14 after his jersey number, it helped to launch the company's modern branch of composite sticks: the Gigas, the Terras, and the Exas.

</doc>
<doc id="18384545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384545" title="Fletton railway station">
Fletton railway station

Fletton railway station was a railway station in Fletton, Cambridgeshire just south of Peterborough. It was once home to an extensive goods yard.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18384561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384561" title="110 East Washington Street">
110 East Washington Street

110 East Washington Street is a high rise in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was completed in 1921 and has 15 floors. It is used for residential housing.

</doc>
<doc id="18384567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384567" title="ItsJustSomeRandomGuy">
ItsJustSomeRandomGuy

ItsJustSomeRandomGuy is the alias of Michael Agrusso, an American voice acting teacher, writer, and performer working and living in Los Angeles, California. The channel is the source of the YouTube video parody series ""Hi, I'm a Marvel...and I'm a DC"", which spoofs Apple's "Get a Mac" television commercials, known for their opening lines, "Hello, I'm a Mac..." "...And I'm a PC."
Background.
In late February/early March 2007, Agrusso read the Internet news that the films based on the DC Comics characters The Flash and Wonder Woman both lost their directors due to creative differences with Warner Brothers on the same day. In contrast, several future films based on Marvel Comics characters were in production. He later saw a "Get a Mac" commercial, which he was inspired to use to parody the contrast success of Marvel and DC film productions.
Marvel/DC parodies.
Agrusso first wrote the scripts for four videos, using two characters, Spider-Man (Marvel) and Superman (DC), as their companies' representatives. He and Li filmed action figures in real time against a white sheet using the iSight camera on Agrusso's Mac notebook. They filmed the first video in an hour, and did the editing and voice work in another hour. On March 6, 2007, he created the ItsJustSomeRandomGuy channel on YouTube, and posted the first video. After posting the first two videos throughout March 2007, Agrusso posted six more videos in the subsequent months, also introducing other Marvel and DC characters, as well as original characters Lance (the bartender), Lars (a.k.a. Lance 2.0) and an unnamed referee.
Fearing the "Hi, I'm a Marvel" format would get old and repetitive, Agrusso and Li introduced a Heroes' Bar setting for their characters in their sixth and eighth Marvel vs. DC videos. They later abandoned the "Hi, I'm a Marvel" format altogether and started a new video series: "After Hours". The first three "After Hours" episodes allowed Agrusso to expand his cast with characters from other comic book movie adaptations. The ending of "After Hours #3" revealed a plot and set up the rest of the 7-part series as a complex and serious storyline in which Lex Luthor attempts to prevent Stan Lee from creating the Marvel Universe. Each subsequent episode became longer in playing time. The last two of "After Hours" had to be cut up into two parts and posted separately. The saga also explored new settings, most notably the wood-themed Villains Hangout.
Between "After Hours #4" and "#5", Agrusso informed fans that he was attending Comic Con 2007. There, representatives from Marvel.com approached him and Li and interviewed them. Afterwards, on August 14, Marvel.com posted the videotaped interview on their website. Concurrently, Agent M, an official Marvel.com blogger, also interviewed Agrusso and posted the channel's first video along with the interview transcript onto his blog. Since then, Agent_M has posted six other videos from Agrusso's channel. Also, in the interim period between "After Hours #5" and "#6", Agrusso created a new spin-off for the Green Goblin character. Titled "Goblin Bloggin", it parodies Internet bloggers, as the Green Goblin rants about his life and relationships, and responds to emails. Agrusso set up a real hotmail account specifically for fans to write emails to the fake blog: goblinbloggin@hotmail.com. He posted "Goblin Bloggin' #2" between "After Hours #6" and "#7" on October 7, 2007, and "Goblin Bloggin' #3" between "Happy Hour #1" and "#2" on July 6, 2008.
On December 2, 2007, the channel posted a holiday-themed video that strayed from the humorous tone of their videos with a theme of giving and receiving gifts. Based on Clement Clark Moore's poem, "'Twas the Night Before Christmas," Agrusso originally wrote it as a Christmas present to Li in December 2006. The video was featured on YouTube's main page for weeks.
More than two months after the last "After Hours" episode, which hinted at a second season with the Joker, Agrusso posted a promo video on January 27, 2008 for "Happy Hour", the channel's second video series with a storyline. The promo has nothing to do with the real "Happy Hour" storyline. Three months later, on April 19, 2008, "Happy Hour #1" debuted at the 2008 New York Comic Con and was posted on the channel hours later. Then the series would go on a five-month hiatus, as the summer of 2008 began. A month after the "Happy Hour" promo was released, Agrusso released news on the channel on February 19, 2008, that he was hired by the New York Comic Con to make promotional videos for their event in April 2008. However, he could not post them unless he got the rights from Marvel and DC. Two days later, he posted his first of three Marvel-centric promotional videos, indicating that Marvel supported and permitted him to post his videos with their characters. He posted the other two videos during the next two months before the event. On April 11, 2008, a week before the convention, Agrusso released more news that NYCC scheduled a live panel for him to premiere his first episode "Happy Hour" and talk with fans. The panel on April 19, 2008, called "ItsJustSomeRandomPanel", began with an opening montage, which compiled clips from his videos. (This video was posted on the channel later that night.) Agrusso officially started with a confession that he forgot to buy a second airline ticket for Li. Instead, he showed a video of her greeting to the fans, in which Li explains her important role in making the videos and guilt-tripped Agrusso in the process. This, too, was posted on the channel that night. Agrusso continued the presentation with the DC-centric promo videos he made for the convention. At the request of DC, he was not allowed to post them on the channel, and for the most part, the Internet public has not seen them. He then described "Happy Hour" as a series with actual sets, special effects and bigger storylines, but retaining the same humor. Then he showed the two-part "Happy Hour #1". He later posted these videos as well, posting an unprecedented total 4 videos in one night.
Following the videos, there was a short Q&A session. The following is a summary of what Agrusso said:
In the summer of 2008, five superhero movie blockbusters opened: "Iron Man", "The Incredible Hulk", "Hancock", "", and "The Dark Knight". In response, Agrusso created a second "Hi, I'm a Marvel" series, this time with Iron Man (Marvel), the Hulk (Marvel), Batman (DC) and Hellboy (Dark Horse) instead of Spider-Man and Superman. The series spanned across the duration of the summer as the new superhero movies opened.
On October 3, 2008, over five months since the debut of "Happy Hour #1", Agrusso posted "Happy Hour #2". The reason for the time gap was that Agrusso and Li went back to the "Hi, I'm a Marvel" format during the 2008 summer movie season, making seven videos in that time. On November 5, 2008, Agrusso posted "Happy Hour #3". On January 15, 2009, Agrusso posted "Happy Hour #4". In the video information section, he posted this message: ""To Be Concluded at the New York Comic Con on February 7 at 4:00 on ItsJustSomeRandomGuy's Panel! Premiering online afterwards!"" On February 8, 2009, "Happy Hour #5" debuted at the 2009 New York Comic Con and was posted on the channel hours later. This concluded the "Happy Hour" storyline.
Agrusso was again hired by the New York Comic Con to make promotional videos for their event in February 2009. On December 18, 2008, December 31, 2008, January 13, 2009, January 21, 2009, and January 28, 2009, he posted five more Marvel-centric promotional videos, the second of which parodies the MasterCard "priceless" television commercials. In addition to the promotional videos, NYCC again scheduled a panel for Agrusso and Li, this time to premiere the season finale of "Happy Hour", more new videos, and hold a question and answer session.
In February 2009, Agrusso and Li took several intentional steps to connect with fans of ItsJustSomeRandomGuy. They created a Twitter account so that fans could be more easily updated about their activities, they collaborated with another parody video maker, The Fine Brothers, by voicing Batman in their Lost parody series, and on February 24, 2009, they hosted a live Q&A session on blogTV to answer questions from fans who could not be at New York Comic Con 2009. On February 24, 2009, immediately after their live Q&A session via blogTV, Agrusso and Li recorded a 10-minute video on blogTV, allowing for anyone who missed the session to view a sampling of it. As of March 28, 2009, the video has been viewed over 11,830 times. On February 26, 2009, Agrusso submitted a request to YouTube that ItsJustSomeRandomGuy be a YouTube partner channel, and it was promptly accepted. As a partner, Agrusso and Li now receive a share in revenue for advertisements seen during their videos, and they also have partner privileges, such as the automatic play of a video, the ability to post more than three playlists on their channel, and the distribution of their videos to "the largest worldwide online video community" via YouTube and its syndication partners. On March 26, 2009, Agrusso posted a short video announcing that he and Li would begin broadcasting weekly live chat sessions on blogTV, every Tuesday night starting on March 31, 2009.
2009 saw the opening of "Watchmen" and "". In response, Agrusso started a third "Hi, I'm a Marvel" series with Wolverine, Sabretooth, Deadpool, Cyclops, and Gambit representing Marvel and Rorschach, Doctor Manhattan, The Comedian and Nite Owl representing DC. The first video was posted on March 4, 2009, the second was posted on March 13, 2009, and the third was posted on March 23, 2009. Also in 2009, Agrusso began spoofing the major summer blockbusters with his the Marvel/DC characters since no comic book movies from Marvel and DC were being released.
In 2010, Marvel released Iron Man 2 and DC released Jonah Hex. Argusso created a fourth "Hi, I'm a Marvel" series to coincide with the film's releases. He uses Iron Man to represent Marvel and Jonah Hex to represent DC. The first video released on May 5, 2010 and the second released on May 24, 2010. The video that premiered on May 24 was ItsJustSomeRandomGuy's 100th upload.
Characters.
The characters within these parodies are mostly based on characters from DC or Marvel Comics.
Villains.
Marvel.
Characters from other companies make occasional appearances, such as Hellboy (Dark Horse Comics), Woody from "Toy Story" (Disney), Spawn (Image Comics), Kick-Ass (Icon), The Losers (Vertigo), and Constantine (Vertigo).
Real-Life people are also used in episodes. Bob Kane, Stan Lee, Bill Finger, Jack Kirby, and Steve Ditko are all shown
Ontario PGA Golf Merchandise Show.
On October 16, 2008, Agrusso posted this message on the ItsJustSomeRandomGuy channel:
""We got hired to make a video for the Ontario PGA Golf Merchandise Show! Check it out in my favorites!""
He then added a video to the "Favorites" section on the channel, which promotes the aforementioned event. Although the video was posted by the ONTPGA YouTube channel on August 27, 2008, the video is clearly Agrusso's and Li's work, as it is in the same format as his other videos (live-action figurines voiced by Agrusso). While he does not use any Marvel or DC action figures, there is a cameo appearance by Agrusso's original character, Lance M. Donovan.
Reception and popularity.
As of November 25, 2012, 165,528 YouTube users were subscribed to the channel and its videos had been viewed more than 79 million times; the channel's first video has been viewed over 4.8 million times. An official press release by New York Comic Con via Comic Book Resources called Agrusso "a genuine Internet superstar." In July 2008, q4music.com ranked one of the channel's videos as one of the top ten YouTube videos of the month.
Several online magazines such as Wonderland Stream magazine, Comic Book Resources, Newsarama, Comic Mix, and SpoutBlog have posted interviews with Agrusso, the channel's creator. Several others have reviewed, researched, and written articles about the channel, giving it even wider exposure. In fact, the channel has become so popular that Joe Leo, a columnist for the Apple's advertising strategic partner, PowerBook Central, took note and wrote an article in his column about it.
Although Agrusso does not work for Marvel, Marvel.com has a featured blog that shows the videos and posts their interviews with him. In March 2008, Marvel gave him the rights to use their characters in promotional videos for New York Comic Con 2008. The channel re-invents the personalities of several comic book characters, including the Green Goblin. On October 1, 2008, Iron Man director Jon Favreau mentioned ItsJustSomeRandomGuy's work in a Los Angeles Times live chat: "I LOVE the Marvel/DC YouTube bits on Iron Man and Dark Knight. Awesome. The Marvel guys love them too."
The channel primarily discusses comic book films from the two major comic book companies (Marvel and DC) using humor. Agrusso writes, performs, and shoots his videos at home with Li's help.
Since the channel's first video in March 2007, several other successful Marvel/DC video series have been created, as well as promotional videos for a major comic book convention, which also gave Agrusso his own discussion panel to talk about the channel. Several external websites have posted its videos on their own webpages.
Videography.
Marvel/DC: After Hours, Happy Hour and Zero Hour.
2004-2005.
"Characters from Marvel and DC movies drink, chat, and feud with each other at a "heroes' bar." It is revealed that Lex Luthor is plotting something with Lance M. Donovan, the bartender. Superman, Batman, and Spider-Man combat Luthor's plot to destroy the Marvel Universe.
The Comic Book Movie Championships!
On February 2013, RandomGuy announced "Marvel Vs. DC: The Comic Book Movie Championships!", where all Marvel and DC's theatrically released movies are put in a tournament bracket, with the matches earning each a video characters debating, and votes being cast on the comments section. The winners of each matchup are bolded.
Music.
Original music.
Agrusso uses the GarageBand program on his computer to create much of the background music for his videos. He has composed a few pieces of music:

</doc>
<doc id="18384576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384576" title="Donita K. Paul">
Donita K. Paul

Donita Kathleen Paul (born November 20, 1950) is a best-selling contemporary Christian fiction novelist. Best known for her fantasy "DragonKeeper Chronicles" series, she won a finalist medal in the Christy Awards for the first installment of the "DragonKeeper Chronicles", "DragonSpell." She has also written romances and juvenile novels under the name Kathleen Paul. Born in Lawrence, Kansas, Paul now lives in eastern Colorado.
Biography.
Paul studied elementary education in college as preparation for being a mother, but she soon became a single mother and worked as an elementary-school teacher. It wasn't until a flesh-eating bacterium in her leg put her in the hospital for 21 days that she seriously turned to writing at her mother's urging. She submitted a romance novel she had written for her thirteen-year-old daughter, and it was published.
Writing career.
Paul began writing as a teen. She and three or four friends would write during the week and share their stories at a Friday night slumber party. She took the Institute of Children’s Literature correspondence course when her children were preschoolers, and she later wrote a romance novel for her thirteen-year-old daughter, but she didn’t settle down to writing until she got an infection in her leg that ultimately ended her school-teaching career.
After her initial success writing romances, Paul tried fantasy when her mother challenged her to write "something different, bigger, deeper". The eventual result was the "DragonKeeper Chronicles".
Bibliography.
Chiril Chronicles Series.
New Series.
In February 2014 a new trilogy will be out with the first book named as "One Realm Beyond".
Retitled Novel.
Beginning with the second printing, "The Vanishing Sculptor" is now known as "Dragons Of Chiril".

</doc>
<doc id="18384601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384601" title="Peace of Raciąż">
Peace of Raciąż

Peace of Raciąż was a treaty signed on 22 May 1404 between Kingdom of Poland, Grand Duchy of Lithuania, and the Teutonic Knights, regarding the control of the Dobrzyń Land and Samogitia. Poland in essence confirmed the Treaty of Kalisz of 1342 and Lithuania – the Treaty of Salynas of 1398. The treaty was not stable and the situation soon changed with the Polish-Lithuanian–Teutonic War of 1409–1411.
Poland, with support of the papacy, was able to increase its ties with the Grand Duchy, by signing the Union of Vilnius and Radom in 1401. The same year Samogitians rebelled against the Knights. The rebels burnt several Teutonic castles. The Knights retaliated by raiding Kaunas and Hrodna. In 1402 the Order allied with Lithuanian duke Švitrigaila, brother of Jogaila, who promised to follow the Treaty of Salynas and cede Samogitia to the Knights.
When neither side could achieve decisive victory and Vytautas the Great wanted to direct his attention to a war against Yury of Smolensk, the negotiations started in summer 1403. The final treaty was signed in Raciąż and addressed some of the territories disputed between Poland, Lithuania and the Order: the Dobrzyń Land was to return to Poland for a fee, Samogitia was to remain with the Order, and the discussion regarding the Gdańsk (Danzig) region was inconclusive. Švitrigaila was allowed to return to Podolia.
When in 1408 Vytautas concluded his wars in the east with the Grand Duchy of Moscow, he was able to concentrate on the Teutonic Knights again. Samogitians rebelled for the second time in 1409. That led to a new war between Poland–Lithuania and the Knights, who were decisively defeated in the Battle of Grunwald in 1410. The Peace of Thorn (1411) changed borders determined by the Peace of Raciąż.

</doc>
<doc id="18384629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384629" title="Holme railway station (Cambridgeshire)">
Holme railway station (Cambridgeshire)

Holme railway station is a former station in Holme, Cambridgeshire.
History.
The first section of the Great Northern Railway (GNR) - that from to a junction with the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway at Grimsby - opened on 1 March 1848, but the southern section of the main line, between and , was not opened until August 1850. Holme was one of the original stations, opening with the line on 7 August 1850.
On 1 August 1863 Holme became a junction station with the opening of the Ramsey Railway, between Holme and Ramsey.
The Ramsey branch closed to passengers on 6 October 1947, and Holme station closed on 6 April 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="18384641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384641" title="Munsey Trust Building">
Munsey Trust Building

"Munsey Trust Building" was an historic high-rise office building located in Washington, D.C., United States, on E Street, N.W., between 12th and 13th Streets (adjacent to the National Theatre (Washington, D.C.)).
History.
The building's architect was McKim, Mead & White of New York City, and built for newspaper sydicate publisher, Frank A. Munsey (1854–1924). Known then as the "Dealer in Dailies" and the "Undertaker of Journalism", Munsey was extremely controversial and often feared and despised by both readers and reporters alike. But he anticipated many trends in modern journalism and his papers in the early 20th Century were often very pictorial and graphic plus being widely distributed, influential and popular. A contemporary of the much more famous William Randolph Hearst (1863–1951), also a "newspaper tycoon" and predecessor of the current Rupert Murdoch, the Australian publisher who migrated to Great Britain and later to the United States and has a similar reputation.
Construction of the ""Munsey Trust Building"" was completed in 1905. The building rose to containing 13 floors, and was one of the highest structures in the city at the time, besides the Washington Monument, the Capitol dome, the tower of the old Post Office headquarters on Pennsylvania Avenue, and various church spires.
The first National Headquarters of the Girl Scouts of the USA was in Room 502 from 1913 until 1916.
After protests and court action to block demolition, the building was demolished in 1982, by contractor, for the Pennsylvania Avenue Development Corporation.
The site of the former building now contains the 16-story National Place Building.
There is also a similarly styled ""Munsey Building"" in Baltimore, Maryland by Baldwin & Pennington of Baltimore and also McKim, Mead and White of New York at the southeast corner of North Calvert and East Fayette Streets, across from the Battle Monument Square. Constructed in 1911 to replace after just five years, the previously just-constructed headquarters offices and printing plant (behind huge glass department store first-floor windows) of ""The News"" which he had just purchased in 1908 from Gen. Felix Agnus along with the ancient ""The Baltimore American"", one of the oldest papers in the country, published since 1773. These papers were later purchased from Munsey in 1923 by Hearst and merged as the daily ""Baltimore News-Post"" and Sunday's ""Baltimore American"" and later combined in 1964 as ""The News American"" After a few years, Munsey converted this building to serve as the headquarters to his newly chartered "Munsey Trust Company" founded 1913 which was reorganized two years later as "The Equitable Trust Company" with himself as chairman of the board. By the late 1990s, Equitable Trust had become one of the largest banks in Maryland and the Baltimore metropolitan area. By the 2000s it had been subsumed in a series of mergers and out-of-town take-overs by regional banks. Its name remains on the cornice of the Baltimore "Munsey Building", which was converted in 2010's to luxury apartments and condos, and after a series of fast-food shops on the ground floor replaced the ornate banking customer service lobby, finally an M & T Bank branch opened in the historic banking and newspaper headquarters building in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18384645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384645" title="Leonidas Pantelides">
Leonidas Pantelides

Leonidas Pantelides () (born 11 January 1953 in Nicosia) is the former Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Cyprus to Sweden, Greece and Russia.
He is presently serving as Director of President Christofias' Diplomatic Office. In 2004 Pantelides published a philosophical book in Greek titled "Eudemos" (About Time).

</doc>
<doc id="18384656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384656" title="Live/Hhaï">
Live/Hhaï

Live/Hhaï (also known as Magma Live; Live Köhntark; and Hhaï Live) is the first live album and fifth album in total by French Progressive rock group Magma. It was recorded in Paris between the 1st and 5 June 1975 at the Taverne de l'Olympia, and was first released in 1975.
The album has been re-released many times: in 1978 on Tomato Records, 1989 and 2009 on Seventh (the band's own label), 2001 on Victor and 1996 and 2001 on Charly.
It is widely regarded as one of the band's seminal releases.
The track titles were slightly altered due to copyright restrictions on the preceding albums. The first two tracks are the title track from "Köhntarkösz" (1974). "Ëmëhntëht-Rê (Announcement)" and "Hhaï" were eventually incorporated into what became the 2009 release, "Ëmëhntëhtt-Ré". "Kobah" is a rearranged version of "Kobaïa" from their 1970 "debut album". "Lïhns", a previously unreleased track, has yet to be recorded in the studio, but was performed live at the Trianon club for their 40th anniversary DVD release, "Mythes et Légendes, Volume III", which was released in 2007. The last two tracks make up the second half of "Mekanïk Destruktïw Kommandöh" (1973), with "Mëkanïk Zaïn" substituting for that album's "Nebëhr Gudahtt".
Track listing.
"All songs by Christian Vander"

</doc>
<doc id="18384663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384663" title="Nor-Ferjer">
Nor-Ferjer

Nor-Ferjer was a joint venture ferry company created by Hardanger Sunnhordlandske Dampskipsselskap (HSD) and Stavangerske in 2005 to compete for public service obligation on car ferry routes outside Rogaland and Hordaland, Norway. The company won four contracts for transport before being merged into Tide Sjø in 2007 after HSD, Gaia Trafikk and Stavangerske merged to form Tide.

</doc>
<doc id="18384685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384685" title="Work That Pole">
Work That Pole

"Work that Pole" is the second single from "The Originators", a 2002 album by East Coast hip hop group The Beatnuts. It was released by Landspeed Records in 2002 as a promo 12 inch. The song is produced by The Beatnuts and features raps by Juju, Psycho Les and Tony Touch, as well as a chorus by an uncredited female vocalist. As a featured performer, Tony Touch also provides scratches on "Work that Pole". The song's lyrics detail encounters with attractive women. The song's beat is characterized by its quick drums, vocal sample and minimalistic Latin vibe.
"Work that Pole" failed to chart or receive an accompanying music video. The song still received positive critical attention: Low Key of MVRemix.com described it as a "a funky stripper anthem that should have everybody in the club's going crazy," while Steve "Flash" Juon of RapReviews.com claimed that Tony Touch added a positive touch to the "sexed out" track. The well-received song was featured on Landspeed Records' compilation "Essential Underground Hip Hop, Vol. 1".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18384686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384686" title="Station Place de la Bourse (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Place de la Bourse (Tram de Bordeaux)

Place de la Bourse station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux. 
Situation.
The station is located on the quay of Maréchal Lyautey, at place de la Bourse in Bordeaux. The station is not equipped with shelters nor does it distributes tickets, so as not to disfigure the historic facades of the Place de la Bourse.
Junctions.
There are no junctions with other tram lines or buses at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18384688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384688" title="Pomquet">
Pomquet

Pomquet is a small Acadian village located in Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Pomquet is home to approximately 900 inhabitants, most of Acadian ancestry. Many others visit and decide to make Pomquet their home – for its beauty, sense of community, and connection to the land and water. The community is nestled along two harbours (Pomquet and Monk's Head) separated from St. George's Bay by the barrier island that houses the unique Pomquet Beach.
Pomquet's beginnings date back thousands of years, when the Mi'kmaq settled the land and made use of the richness of the harbours, the bay and the forests. Acadians affected by the Great Expulsion of 1755 and French settlers came to the area in the late 18th century, and cleared the land bordering the two harbours for farmland. The relationship between the Mi'kmaq and the Acadians was one of mutual respect.
Pomquet residents have a strong sense of community. Historically, this was centred on the Roman Catholic Church. L'Église Ste. Croix was built on a promontory in the centre of the community in the late 19th century. The Church was and continues to be a focal point for many members of the community. The cemetery below the church records the genealogical history of the majority of families in Pomquet, including the founding families.
École Acadienne de Pomquet, which provides P-12 education entirely in French, is another focal point for community events.
Chez Deslauriers and the Pomquet Museum both provide historical information for visitors.
Pomquet has evolved into a community with a strong sense of self and connection to the land and water. Farming and fishing continue to be practiced in Pomquet, but most residents have found employment in the larger centre of Antigonish.
History.
The name Pomquet, also historically spelled Pomquette, is derived from the Mi'kmaq word "popumkek" or "pogumkek" likely meaning "sandy beach", "a good place to land", or "a sand beach with bushes growing on it". All of these are in reference to Pomquet Beach. The name "Pomquet" pays homage to the first inhabitants of the area – the Mi'kmaq.
It is not known when the first native people arrived in the Pomquet area. Mi'kmaq artifacts have been found in several locations along the shores of Pomquet Harbour, and Acadian oral history suggests that at least two burial grounds were present, one in Pomquet Point and the other in Monk's Head, at the site of the first chapel in Pomquet.
Pomquet was first settled by Acadians in 1773. These Acadians were exiles from Saint-Malo, France. They arranged passage to Nova Scotia with merchants from nearby Jersey, a British Crown Dependency. The families likely initially arrived in the Acadian community of Arichat and then traveled to Tracadie and Havre Boucher, before moving westward along the coastline to Pomquet Harbour.
The first families to arrive and settle on the shores of Pomquet Harbour were named Broussard, Duon (now Deon, D'Eon and DeYoung), Doiron, and Vincent (all Acadians) and Louis Lamarre, a Frenchman. When they arrived, 23 Mi'kmaq families were living in the area. In 1789, these five families were issued land grants along Pomquet Harbour and Taylor Creek (located near the present community hall) by the Nova Scotia government.
These families were joined between 1785 and 1794 by another group of exiled Acadians who had made their way from St. Malo and were likely related to the first group of settlers by marriage. These families were named Brosard (Broussard), Landry, Boudrot (now Boudreau), Melançon (now Melanson), Rosia (now Rogers), and Daigle, and accompanied by Louis Morell of Quebec. Another 16 land grants were issued in 1793 to the original settlers and to those following them.
In 1817, two soldiers (likely originally from Belgium), captured by the British during the Napoleonic Wars and imprisoned on Georges Island in Halifax Harbour made their way to Pomquet. They were Jean-Baptiste Reny-Rombaud or Reny-Rimbeau (now Rennie) and Jean-Baptiste Vendome (now Venedam). Settlers that arrived later in the 19th century included Philipart (likely French), DeKrauz (now Cross) from St. Pierre and Miquelon, Toupais (likely French), Drouillet (origin unknown), Wolfe (from Chezzetcook), Benoit (from Tracadie), and Deslauriers (originally Jacquet from Quebec and now Delorey) from Tracadie.
The early settlers were self-sufficient, and initially survived mainly by fishing. They fished flatfish (flounder), eel, and smelts from Pomquet Harbour, trout and salmon from Pomquet River, and mackerel and lobsters from St. George's Bay.
After a few years, the settlers began clearing the land for growing crops and raising livestock.
From the initial arrival by Acadians, the settlement of Pomquet was linked to the Acadian communities of Arichat and Cheticamp in Cape Breton, economically, culturally, religiously, and by familial connections. The first Acadian and French settlers in Pomquet were mostly Roman Catholic and shortly after their arrival, were served by the Roman Catholic Church.
For the first few years after their arrival, the goal of the Acadian settlers was survival, establishing a claim to the land, and then clearing the land for farming. They were aided to a great extent by the Mi'kmaq and their knowledge of the land.
École Acadienne de Pomquet.
L'école Acadienne de Pomquet was built in 2001. There are more than 200 students from kindergarten to grade 12 that attend the school. The school is a member of the Conseil Scolaire Acadien Provincial (CSAP).

</doc>
<doc id="18384690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384690" title="Endō Motonobu">
Endō Motonobu

According to some historical records, Motonobu may have been the son of a yamabushi from Yonezawa.

</doc>
<doc id="18384717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384717" title="Cedar Creek Ecosystem Science Reserve">
Cedar Creek Ecosystem Science Reserve

The Cedar Creek Ecosystem Science Reserve is an ecological research site located primarily in East Bethel, Minnesota in the counties of Anoka and Isanti on the northern edge of the Minneapolis-Saint Paul metropolitan area. Encompassing of native upland forests and prairie and lowland swamps and meadows, the site contains over 900 plots of long-term experimental gardens which evaluate plant competition and biodiversity. The herbivory research division examines animal and plant relationships. Led by prominent American ecologist G. David Tilman, the University schedules more than 130 faculty, post-doctoral researchers, graduate students, staff, and undergraduate researcher interns to the site as of 2006.
Established in 1940 by the University of Minnesota, the site was designated a National Natural Landmark by the National Park Service in 1975 and 1980 under the Historic Sites Act. It received this designation in May 1975 from the United States Secretary of the Interior, giving it recognition as an outstanding example of the nation's natural history. The designation describes it as a
Relatively undisturbed area where three biomes meet (tall grass prairie, eastern deciduous forest and boreal coniferous forest), supporting 61 species of mammals and 183 species of birds. A nationally and internationally famous research center.
It was later designated by the National Science Foundation as a Long Term Ecological Research site in 1982. Minnesota ecologists purchased land parcels through 1929 until the University's acquisition in 1940. The site is currently operated by the University's College of Biological Sciences in cooperation with the Minnesota Academy of Science.
Represented as the birthplace of the modern science of ecosystem ecology, the research site tested the first radio collars for animal tracking in the 1950s and developed prescribed burning techniques for savannas. The claim is attributed to limnologist Raymond Lindeman (1915-1942) who performed his PhD research on the ecological dynamics of Cedar Bog Lake located in the reserve. Linking Sir Arthur Tansley's coined term "ecosystem" to field research, his studies were influential in forming modern ecosystem ecology.
Originally the site was officially designated the "Cedar Creek Forest" which takes its name for Cedar Creek that winds through East Bethel. The bog where the site initially began was informally called by professors "Decodon Bog." The site was known as "Cedar Creek Natural History Area" until its change in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18384722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384722" title="Justin Harman">
Justin Harman

Justin Harman became Irish Ambassador to Spain in 2009, and was the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ireland to the Russian Federation between 2003 and 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18384726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384726" title="Gibson-Todd House">
Gibson-Todd House

The Gibson-Todd House was the site of the hanging of John Brown, the abolitionist who led a raid on Harpers Ferry, West Virginia before the opening of the American Civil War. The property is located in Charles Town, West Virginia, and includes a large Victorian style house built in 1891.
The house was built by John Thomas Gibson, who led the first armed response to Harpers Ferry during Brown's raid as commander of the Virginia Militia in Jefferson County. Gibson went on to serve as an officer for the Confederacy. After the war he was mayor of Charles Town.
Among those present at Brown's hanging were Stonewall Jackson, John McCausland, J.E.B. Stuart and John Wilkes Booth. When the old Jefferson County jail was demolished, Gibson saved stones from the building and built a monument to the event on the property.
The house was designed by Thomas A. Mullett, son of Alfred B. Mullett. Mullett also designed the New Opera House and the new Charles Town jail.

</doc>
<doc id="18384743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384743" title="Stormrise">
Stormrise

Stormrise is a real-time tactics video game developed by The Creative Assembly's Australian studio and published by Sega for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360.
Story.
The game is a real-time tactics game, with the ability to control units in the air, on the surface, and underground. "Stormrise" is set in a post-apocalyptic world, presenting a civilization that has begun to once again emerge after a catastrophic event. Two warring factions arise from the rubble: the Echelon, a technologically advanced race that endured the planet's fallout by way of self-induced hibernation, and the Sai, a tribal society that adapted to the new environment and evolved.
Development.
"Stormrise" was in development at The Creative Assembly's Australian studio and was released for the Xbox 360, Microsoft Windows, and PlayStation 3 in March 2009. The Windows version requires Windows Vista as the engine has been built on and designed around DirectX 10.1.
Critical reception.
"Stormrise" received generally negative reviews. Early reviews from "Edge" gave "Stormrise" for the Xbox 360 a 4/10. "Edge" is quoted as saying "certainly, releasing it so close to "Halo Wars" suggests deliberate commercial suicide - that its genuinely progressive ideas will be ignored and lost as a result is a minor tragedy. Although "Stormrise" had some interesting concepts, its overall execution made for some horrendous gameplay."
The PS3 version has received similar reviews from GamesTM with a score of 5/10. GamesTM described Stormrise as having "Cumbersome controls and an ornery camera make any intriguing ideas irrelevant."
PushSquare scored the PS3 version 2/4 claiming that the game was "heavy on innovation but weak on execution". PSM3 Magazine UK gave the game 7.9/10. PSM3 said the game was "smarter than the average console RTS but not quite brilliant." "Hyper's" Daniel Wilks commends the game, saying "when Whip Select workit is a brilliant innovation. The full 3D rendering of the landscape is great." However, he criticises the game for "the muddy graphics [that hinder gameplay. Whip Select is awkward to use during pitched battles."
Kevin VanOrd of GameSpot said in his review of the game, "Stormrise is one of those games that makes you wonder, 'What were they thinking?' This real-time strategy game is, from top to bottom, misconceived, frustrating, frequently broken, and rarely fun." VanOrd claimed "Developer Creative Assembly has built an entire product around a fundamentally flawed control scheme and neglected almost every important facet of the RTS genre." He ultimately scored the game a 2.5/10. VanOrd summed it up by saying "This frustrating, broken mess is one of the worst strategy games in years."
Tom Price of TeamXbox gave the game a fairly good review of 7.3/10. Price said the game had "Some really cool ideas that needed a bit more help from the game’s interface and information-delivery systems." He also said the game was "almost too innovative for its own good."
Patch cancellation and departure of staff.
Development of the second patch was cancelled on 28 April 2009 one month after release. The Creative Assembly indicated that the cancellation was due to the financial costs involved, stating "The second patch that has been worked on by The Creative Assembly Australia will not make it into the hands of the Stormrise players, due to costs and risks associated with testing and certifying the new changes and features."
The critical response and low sales have been cited as being factors in the financial decision.
Following the cancellation of the patch, Ken Turner, the creative director behind Stormrise, was released from the studio.

</doc>
<doc id="18384753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384753" title="Peace of Busza">
Peace of Busza

The Peace of Busza (Busha, Bose) also known as the Treaty of Jaruga was negotiated by Stanisław Żółkiewski of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and Iskender Pasha of the Ottoman Empire in Busza (Bose) near the Jaruga and Dniester rivers on September 23, 1617. Polish and Ottoman armies met, but decided to negotiate, instead of to fight. In this peace treaty Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth agreed to cede the Khotyn to the Ottomans and to stop its interference in Moldavia.
That 1617 treaty stated that Poland would not interfere in the internal affairs of Ottoman vassals in Transylvania, Moldavia and Wallachia, the Commonwealth was to prevent Cossacks from raiding lands in the Ottoman Empire, while ceding Khotyn. In return, the Ottoman Empire promised to stop Tatar raids. The Ottoman Empire also had the right to interfere in Transylvania, Moldavia and Wallachia and select the rulers of that region.
The treaty would be violated by both sides, as Cossacks and Tatars would continue to raid the borderlands. This would lead to a new war, but the "status quo" of the peace of Busza would be confirmed in the aftermath of the Polish-Ottoman War (1620–1621) by the Treaty of Khotyn.

</doc>
<doc id="18384765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384765" title="City of Bones (Mortal Instruments)">
City of Bones (Mortal Instruments)

City of Bones is a young-adult fantasy book in the New York Times bestselling "The Mortal Instruments" series, a young adult urban fantasy series set in New York City written by Cassandra Clare. The novel has been released in several languages, including German, Italian, French, Portuguese and Spanish.
Plot.
Fifteen-year-old Clary Fray goes to the Pandemonium Club with her best friend, Simon Lewis. Inside, she notices a group of strangely behaving, but incredibly attractive teens sneaking into a storeroom. She follows and witnesses them killing someone, though no one else in the club seems aware.
When she returns home, her overprotective mother, Jocelyn Fray, scolds her for staying out so late and worrying her. The next day, Jocelyn announces that they are moving from New York City to the country for the summer where Jocelyn's best friend, Luke, has a house. Clary, upset about the unexpected move, leaves with Simon and later confides that she knows almost nothing about her mother or her entire family. Simon mentions seeing thin, white scars on Jocelyn's back and shoulders, but Clary dismisses this, having never noticed them. She ignores her mother's continual phone calls as they go to a poetry reading where Clary sees Jace, one of the teens she saw at Pandemonium. He privately tells Clary about demon-hunters (called Shadowhunters or Nephilim). The person killed at the club was a demon in human form. Jace claims Clary is not a mundane (mortal human) because beings like him are invisible to ordinary humans. Clary finally answers a call from Jocelyn, who frantically warns her not to come home and to tell Luke that "he" has found her. The call ends abruptly.
Clary rushes home in a panic and finds the apartment nearly destroyed and her mother missing. A giant, venomous demon attacks her. She kills it but is bitten and collapses. Jace arrives and takes Clary to the Institute, the Shadowhunters' hidden home base, and is cured. Jace explains that Clary is a Shadowhunter like him, and that one or both of her parents must also be Shadowhunters. Their kind hunt and kill demons and derive special powers from runes they draw on their skin. Clary meets Jace's Shadowhunter partners, Alec and Isabelle Lightwood (who are also Jace's step-siblings), and Hodge Starkweather, their mentor. Hodge tells Clary about Valentine, an evil, former Shadowhunter who betrayed the Nephilim. He tells her about the Mortal Cup, one of the three Mortal Instruments given to the first Shadowhunter by the Angel Raziel. Drinking from the Cup turns normal humans into half-Angel Shadowhunters. Hodge suspects Valentine is searching for the Mortal Cup to use it to gain absolute power over other Shadowhunters and demons.
Clary and Jace return to her apartment to investigate what happened to Jocelyn. A Forsaken attacks, but Jace kills him. Clary's neighbor, Madame Dorothea, reveals she is a witch with ties to the Shadowhunter world. She says Jocelyn was once a Shadowhunter and had done small favors for her (such as painting a pack of tarot cards as a gift). In return, she had asked Madame Dorothea to listen for news of Valentine. Dorothea shows them a magical Portal in her apartment meant for Jocelyn and Clary to escape through if needed. Clary is distraught because her mother, waiting for Clary to arrive, was unable to use it.
Clary, followed by Jace, rushes through the portal, landing at Luke's bookstore and finding Simon hiding in the bushes. Simon was trying to find out what happened to Clary. He observed Luke packing several weapons inside his bag. The three hide inside the store. Luke returns with two men, Pangborn and Blackwell, who Valentine sent to interrogate Luke about the Mortal Cup's whereabouts. Luke claims he does not know where Jocelyn, who is in a coma, hid the Mortal Cup and has no interest in her or the cup. He refuses to negotiate with them or interfere with Valentine's plans. Clary and Jace, accompanied by Simon, go back to the Institute and tell Hodge what they learned. Hodge tells them about the Circle, a group of Shadowhunters that Valentine formed to eliminate all Downworlders (vampire, werewolves, faeries, warlocks, and others). Jocelyn, Valentine's wife, was forced to join. It was believed she had died in a fire that destroyed Valentine's home. Jocelyn's real maiden name is Jocelyn Fairchild.
Jace takes Clary to the Silent Brothers in an attempt to retrieve her memories that could save her mother. After probing Clary's mind, a mental block is discovered on it, preventing her from seeing the Shadowhunter world. The Silent Brothers determine the spell was placed by Magnus Bane, the High Warlock (immortal offspring of a demon and a mundane) of Brooklyn, and only he can remove it.
When Isabelle receives an invitation to a warlock party hosted by Bane, Clary goes with her and the others. Clary meets Bane, who says his spell is too complex to remove but will fade naturally if it is not re-enforced every two years. Jocelyn had Bane place a protective spell on Clary's mind to prevent her seeing the Shadow World. During the party, Simon ignores Isabelle's warning and drinks a blue liquid that transforms him into a rat. Vampires kidnap him, and Clary and Jace trail them to an abandoned hotel to rescue him. Jace, Clary, and rat-Simon escape when werewolves invade the hotel and battle the vampires. Jace seems upset when Simon and Clary embrace after he becomes human again.
That night, Jace takes Clary to the Institute's greenhouse on a midnight picnic to celebrate Clary's sixteenth birthday, and their romance blossoms with a romantic first kiss.
As the block continues fading and her memories begin emerging, Clary deduces that the Mortal Cup is hidden inside one of Madame Dorothea's tarot cards. Clary and the others go to Dorothea's apartment. Clary retrieves the Cup, but a demon appears from the Portal and possesses Madame Dorothea. Aided by Simon, they escape and return to the Institute where Hodge betrays them by handing over the Cup and an unconscious Jace to Valentine. Hodge flees, pursued by Clary. Hodge attacks her in an alleyway, but she is unexpectedly saved by Luke, who is a werewolf.
Luke tells Clary that he and Jocelyn were childhood friends. They met Valentine while they were in school. Valentine and Jocelyn fell in love and were married. Luke explains how he became a werewolf, and about him and Jocelyn meeting in secret to plot an uprising that resulted in many deaths. Clary also learns she had a brother, Jonathan, who died in the fire set by Valentine and that also killed Jocelyn's parents. Luke and Jocelyn escaped Idris (the Shadowhunter world) to Paris. Jocelyn, pregnant with Clary, refused help from the local Shadowhunters, and secretly raised her child as a mundane. Jocelyn had Magus Bane place the block on Clary's mind to prevent her from seeing the Shadowhunter world. Luke found Jocelyn living in New York some years later. Clary is horrified to learn that Valentine is her father. 
Luke and Clary devise a plan to storm Valentine's secret stronghold with help from Luke's werewolf pack. While the werewolves attack Valentine's followers, Clary locates her mother, who is unconscious and also finds Jace, who says Valentine told him he is Valentine's son. Having developed romantic feelings for each other, both Clary and Jace are aghast at realizing they are brother and sister. Clary says that despite Valentine being their father, he is evil. Valentine appears and entices Jace to return to Idris with him. Jace refuses, and Valentine escapes through a portal with the Cup, smashing the portal behind him.
Cover and title.
The cover shows Jace Wayland topless with a foreground of New York buildings.
Reception.
Critical reception for "City of Bones" was mostly positive, with "Publishers Weekly" calling the book "a compelling story". "Teen Ink" gave a mixed review, stating that the book was "addicting" but that parts of the book were quite predictable. The "School Library Journal" also criticized the book's predictability, but wrote that "Despite the narrative flaws, this version of New York, full of Buffyesque teens who are trying to save the world, is entertaining and will have fantasy readers anxiously awaiting the next book in the series."
Film adaptation.
The film adaptation was released August 21, 2013, directed by Harald Zwart and starring Lily Collins as Clary Fray. The film was shot in Toronto and New York. 
Allusions to other works.
In the novel, Cassandra Clare includes references to the works of Holly Black, who is a friend of Clare's.
She also includes references to the works of Philip Reeve, whose works "Mortal Engines" and "Infernal Devices" she drew inspiration from. Her inclusion of the antagonist Valentine, who is later revealed to be the father of Clary, is a nod to Philip Reeve's main antagonist in Mortal Engines of the same name, who is also discovered to be the father of one of the main characters.

</doc>
<doc id="18384766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384766" title="Complementary and Natural Healthcare Council">
Complementary and Natural Healthcare Council

The Complementary and Natural Healthcare Council (CNHC) is a regulatory body which provides a voluntary register of complementary, rather than alternative medicine, therapists in the UK. The key purpose of CNHC is to act in the public interest and enable proper public accountability of the complementary therapists that it registers. The CHNC was founded in 2008 with government funding and support and became fully operational in early 2009.
The CNHC has attracted criticism, mainly for its role in appearing to legitimize what critics regard as quackery and for its efforts to promote alternate therapies which are often of dubious or unproven efficacy. It is satirized by skeptics as "OfQuack", mimicking other bodies such as OfCom.
It has, to date, failed to register more than a tiny proportion of the tens of thousands of CAM practitioners in the UK; it is argued that it is failing in its stated aim to protect the public against incompetence or malpractice in the disciplines it claims to regulate, let alone in those - homeopathy for example - whose practitioners have no interest in the CNHC and claim to regulate themselves.
Origins.
The Need for Regulation.
In November 2000, the House of Lords Select Committee on Science and Technology reported on complementary and alternative medicine and considered the public health policy needs and NHS provision of these treatments. In one of its many areas of consideration, the report considered the needs to provide public protection by regulating practitioners. It noted that those practices that could injure patients were either already statutorily regulated (chiropractic and osteopathy) or were soon to be (herbalism and acupuncture). The remaining largely placebo based therapies and those without a sound evidence base for their efficacy and robust regulatory systems (e.g. reiki, massage therapy, aromatherapy, yoga and homeopathy), suffered from having a large number of fragmented registration bodies with considerable diversity of standards. The House of Lords found this unacceptable and that "in the best interests of their patients such therapies must each strive to unite under a single voluntary regulatory body".
The House of Lords described the necessary features of an effective voluntary self-regulatory body. These included having a register of members, educational standards, a code of ethics and practice, a public complaints mechanism, and the capacity to represent the whole profession.
The Federal Working Group.
Following publication of the report, the Department of Health asked The Prince's Foundation for Integrated Health (FIH), a not for profit organisation founded by HRH The Prince of Wales, to facilitate the development of a federal 'umbrella' regulator for these therapies. The Foundation promoted the inclusion of non-evidence based alternative therapies into public healthcare in the UK. but is now defunct. The process was funded by a Department of Health grant of £900,000 over a three-year period from 2005 to 2008.
On behalf of the FIH, Professor Dame Joan Higgins was asked to be Chair of a Federal Working Group which was to look into setting up what was to become the Complementary and Natural Healthcare Council. Therapies who participated in the Working Group were Alexander technique, aromatherapy, Bowen technique, cranial therapy, homeopathy, massage therapy, naturopathy, nutritional therapy, reflexology, reiki, shiatsu and yoga therapy. Other eligible therapists were aromatherapists, reflexologists and reiki practitioners, although these practices were not represented.
Structure.
The Complementary and Natural Healthcare Council is a private limited company made up of four elements:
Members of the Council and the functional boards will be laypeople, appointed independently; each Profession Specific Board (one for each profession) will have a lay Chair and four registrants from the appropriate profession. Each Profession Specific Board will select one of its practitioner members to sit on the Practice Advisory Panel which will provide a pool of expertise to support the Council.
CNHC Code of Practise supports evidence-based approach.
While there has been considerable criticism of CNHC with regard to "quack" therapies their Code of Practise may support an evidence-based approach.
The CNHC’s Code of Conduct, Performance and Ethics states:
CNHC to tighten up on unjustified claims for which there is no evidence-base.
Following complaints submitted by Simon Perry, a blogger and member of Leicester Sceptics in the Pub, regarding 14 reflexologists claiming to treat specific diseases without any credible evidence, Maggie Dunn, CEO of CNHC, has said that they will tighten up on therapists making unjustified claims for which they have no evidence. CNHC reviewed the claims made by the reflexologists against the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) guidelines - and told the reflexologists to remove their claims. In a personal communication to Simon Perry from Maggie Dunn, the CNHC’s Chief Executive Officer, CNHC said that in the future:
However CNHC has made no public statement in this regard - possibly because many therapists will not want their public and private claims for efficacy to be regulated.
Criticism.
"How does a regulator decide what is good practice and what is charlatanry when none of it has peer-reviewed, scientific evidence that it works?... Professor Michael Baum protested that 'this is like licensing a witches' brew as a medicine so long as the batwings are sterile'... It matters that Newsnight found homeopaths advising patients visiting malaria areas not to take anti-malarial drugs. And that patients are told not to give their children the MMR jab." Polly Toynbee, "The Guardian".
"Private Eye" magazine argued that the council had a conflict of interests between promoting and regulating alternative medicine: "Everyone would say that propagandists cannot be regulators because they cannot be trusted to act in the public interest." It quoted Edzard Ernst, professor of complementary medicine at the University of Exeter, as saying: "This is ridiculous. It really is a farce. All they will need to prove is that are following an established technique they believe to be appropriate. It's a ludicrous system." 
"Private Eye" and "The Economist" reported that critics have nicknamed the council 'OfQuack'. "Private Eye" quoted a joke slogan, 'OfQuack - making quacks look professional since 2008'.
In January 2009, an online petition was started at the UK Government Petition website, asking for stricter requirements on efficacy and safety as a condition of certification. An official response to this was posted, but simply reiterated the terms of the current requirements. However, in response to the point made by the petitioners and others, the CNHC has now amended its website, deleting its original statement that regulation by them gives a guarantee of the efficacy of the procedures carried out by their registrants.
In addition to the medical criticism, CNHC have also been censured by the British Standards Institute for use of their trademarked term "kitemark", and have also been criticised for poor openness and an inconsistent approach to data protection.
There is a Twitter feed from OfQuack, an obvious parody as it has been described as "puerile and sarcastic", and occasionally refers to the CNHC separately from itself.
Progress since start-up.
In December 2008, CNHC stated on their website that they hoped to have 10,000 practitioners registered with them by the end of 2009. This was later amended without comment to 4,000 by Spring 2010. However, by August 2009 a total of only about 500 registrations had been made in four disciplines: Massage Therapy, Nutritional Therapy, Aromatherapy and (from 24 August) Reflexology.
By February 2011 practitioners in eleven disciplines were eligible, but according to the organisation's website the total number of registrants was still less than 4,000.
Lack of enthusiasm for the CNHC among practitioners may be partly ascribed to the fact that at present anyone may legally practise in the UK without qualifications as a reflexologist, aromatherapist, homeopath, naturopath, nutritional therapist, acupuncturist, etc., and that voluntary registration by the CHNC will make no difference to this.
Funding.
In response to a Freedom of Information request, the Department of Health has confirmed that since the CNHC was set up the DH has provided funding as follows:
£293,496 in 2007/8/9 (including start up costs), £409,300 in 2009/10 and £127,748 in 2010/11
Request was made for funding to be continued but this was dependent on satisfactory progress having been made, and as this was not the case official funding ceased in March 2011. The CNHC do not publish details of the number of registrants it has attracted, but these are certainly only a fraction of the target of 10,000 set in 2007 and it is unlikely that income from fees is currently sufficient to cover running costs.

</doc>
<doc id="18384769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384769" title="NER Class S2">
NER Class S2

The North Eastern Railway Class S2 - London and North Eastern Railway Class B15 - was a mixed traffic 4-6-0 steam locomotive designed by Vincent Raven. The design was based on NER Class S.

</doc>
<doc id="18384772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384772" title="AdForce">
AdForce

AdForce (formerly ADFC on NASDAQ), founded by Chad Steelberg & Ryan Steelberg in 1995 and grown into the world’s largest centralized independent ad serving and management solution, was acquired by CMGI after going public for more than $500 million US dollars in 1999. AdForce won the Smithsonian Award for the Best Technology in IT, for the year 2000.
References.
Business Editors. "AdForce Launches Everywhere Advertising Sales Services; Consultative Ad Sales Services to Select Wireless; Interactive Television , Point-of-Sale and Kiosk Clients Worldwide", Business Wire, October 30, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18384774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384774" title="Sun Jiadong">
Sun Jiadong

Sun Jiadong (Chinese: 孙家栋; 1929.04 - ), was born in Fuxian, Liaoning Province. He is a Chinese scientist and an expert in carrier rocket and satellite technology. He has long served as a leader of Chinese satellite projects, and is currently the chief designer for the Chinese Lunar Exploration Program. 
Sun is also a member of both the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the International Academy of Astronautics.
Early life.
Sun enrolled in the Harbin Institute of Technology to begin preparatory courses in Russian when he was 18.
Later he transferred to the automotive department. Around the time of the Chinese air force formation, he was chosen to join the army as a Russian translator. In 1951, Sun and 29 other soldiers were sent to study aircraft engines at "Zhukovsky Air Force Academy" in Soviet Union. In 1958, Sun graduated "with highest honor" and returned to China.
Career.
After returning to China, Sun served in the Fifth Research Institute of the Ministry of National Defense, conducting missile research. In 1967, he was appointed by Qian Xuesen to restructure the staff for satellite research. In addition to being in charge of the general design project for China’s first satellite, he also worked as the technical superintendent and general designer for both China’s first remote sensing satellite and recoverable satellite. He was also the chief designer of a second generation of special application satellites, such as communication, meteorological, and earth resource detecting satellites, as well as the Beidou-2 navigation system.
During the Cultural Revolution, Sun was appointed as the chief scientist of the Chinese satellite project. On April 24, 1970, the first Chinese space satellite, Dong Fang Hong I, was successfully launched. On March 3, 1971 the satellite "Shi Jian I" was launched. In 1975, China's first returning satellite was successfully launched. In 1984, China's first synchronized experimental communication satellite, Dong Fang Hong II was launched. Sun was the chief designer of all of them. 
He was elected Member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1991. 
Since 2003, he has been the chief designer for the Chinese Lunar Exploration Program (CLEP).

</doc>
<doc id="18384789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384789" title="Taqiyah (cap)">
Taqiyah (cap)

The taqiyah (also spelt "tagiya"; / ALA-LC: "ṭāqīyah", Urdu, Hindi "topi"; / ALA-LC: “ṭopī”) is a short, rounded skullcap. They are often worn for religious purposes, for example, Muslims believe that Muhammad used to keep his head covered; therefore making it "mustahabb", which means 'commendable' to cover the head in order to emulate him. Muslims often wear them during the five daily prayers.
When worn by itself, the taqiyah can be any color. However, particularly in Arab countries, when worn under the keffiyeh headscarf, they are kept in a traditional white. Some Muslims wrap a turban around the cap, called an "amamah" in Arabic, which is often done by Shia and Sufi Muslims. In the United States and Britain taqiyas are usually referred to as "kufis".
Etymology.
Taqiyah is the Arabic word for a Muslim cap used in Saudi Arabia. In Pakistan and India, the prayer cap is called a "topi". Topi means cap in the Hindi/Urdu language. In Pakistan, men usually wear the topi with salwar kameez. In the United States and Britain, many Muslim merchants sell the prayer cap under the name "kufi".
The Muslim world.
There are a wide variety of Muslims caps seen around the world. Each country or region will usually have a unique cap.
Countries.
Afghanistan.
Men wear a wool beret called a pakol. The regular cotton prayer cap is also called a "pakol." Pakol means taqiyah in the Pashto language, see Pashtun people. Salwar kameez is the traditional men's attire in Afghanistan. However, among rebab players, the collarless shirt and pants called, "payraan tumbaan" or "peran and tunban" is popular. The Karakul (hat) is common. In Afghanistan, women wear the burqa.
China.
Men wear a white prayer cap with traditional Chinese clothing including the Chinese suit and a robe called a changshan. (See Islam in China). In the United States, the Chinese robe is sold as a "men's cheongsam". For formal wear, the robe is made of silk, because silk is the traditional Chinese fabric. The rule of men not wearing silk for Muslims is ignored in China, because in China silk clothings are unisex while in the Arab world it is a feminene fabric.Cotton robes and kung fu suits are worn to jumu'ah. In China, the Hui people developed Muslim Chinese martial arts. Recently, the Chinese government has adopted the Tangzhuang as the national costume for men.
Indonesia.
The peci /Songkok is the national dress. In the United States, the songkok is called a "rampuri cap" or "African fez cap". The Indonesians also produce a machine knitted skullcap that is popular with Muslims. Javanese people wear the sarong with their caps. In the United States, most Muslim merchants sell the sarong as an "izar", "izaar", or "wizar".
Maldives.
The prayer cap is called Thakiha. The cap is called Thofi, and the fishermen cap is called Koari.
Malaysia.
Men wear the songkok. Traditional Malaysian men's attire consists of a shirt, matching pants, and waist wrap that is called a Baju melayu. For informal events, and prayers at the mosque, the sarong is worn. However, a person seen wearing a songkok in Malaysia, especially in a Dewan Undangan Negeri, is not necessarily a Muslim. This is because non-Muslims are required to wear one to comply with the dressing code of the assembly. Taqiyah is known as kopiah in Malaysia.
Pakistan.
The prayer cap is called a "topi", see Topi cap. The traditional men's attire is called a salwar kameez. The sherwani is formal wear. Pakistani men wear a variety of other caps including the Sindhi "topi", a mirrored cap with a front opening that allows the wearer to place the forehead on the ground during prayer, see Sindhi cap. Other caps include the karakul (hat), fez (hat), and pakol. Women's clothing is salwar kameez, kaftan, and gharara. Western dressing is popular among young urban men and women. Saris are also popular among the older generation of Muslims who immigrated from India during Partition of 1947.
Russia.
Muslim men wear the tubeteika. In Russia, the tubeteika is worn with a suit for Eid ul Fitr or Jumu'ah, and a tuxedo for wedding ceremonies. Russian Muslims also wear the doppa or rug cap. In Russia, giving a rug cap to a person as a gift is a sign of friendship. The Russian name for the doppa is tubeteika. In Russia, the folk costume consists of a kosovorotka for men and a sarafan for women. Among Turkic peoples, traditional Turkic costumes are worn. Russian Muslims wear a variety of fur hats including the karakul (hat), which is called an "astrakhan hat" in Russia, the ushanka, and the papakhi, see Islam in Russia. A Russian "diplomat hat", which is a boat shaped "cossack hat", is also worn. Nikita Khrushchev is said to have popularized it.
Somalia.
Men in Somalia often wear the "koofiyad" cotton prayer cap, with a sarong referred to as a "macawiis". The "jalabiya" is also sometimes worn.
Sudan.
The prayer cap is worn under a white turban called an 'Imama'. Sudanese men wear the white turban with a white thobe called a "jalabiyyah", see Islam in Sudan and Culture of Sudan. In the United States, the Sudanese robe is sold as an "African dishdasha", "Sudani", or "Sudanese thobe".
Turkey.
Before 1925, men used to wear the fez hat and calpack, or a "taj", a conical taqiyah. However, the hat law of 1925 formally banned these form of hats. The Turkish cap, which is similar to a beanie or tuque,can also commonly be found. The Turkish cap is made of wool or cotton fleece and has a distinctive pom-pom or toorie on top. Turkish people also wear regular cotton prayer caps. Women wear a variety of folk dresses with a vest called a jelick and a veil called a yashmak. The traditional wedding dress is red. Men wear the folk costume to festivals and prayers, but most men wear a suit or tuxedo for weddings. Dervishes have a unique costume.
United Arab Emirates.
Men in the UAE often wear the "koofiyad" cotton prayer cap. Emiratee men wear the white "Koofiyad" with a white thobe called a "jalabiyyah" or Dishdasha. In an effort to strengthen religious awareness for foreign visitors, Sheik Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Makthoum the crown prince of Dubai has, from 2012 onwards, requested that all visiting westerners and non-Muslims adhere to Islamic dress code during religious festivals. If full adherence is impossible a simple "Koofiyad" worn during prayers will suffice.
Regions.
Central Asia.
The doppa is most common. In the United States, the doppa is sold as an "Uzbek kufi", "Bukharan kippah", "Bucharian", or "Bokharan yarmulke" (Bukharian Jews of Central Asia also wore headcoverings similar to the Doppi/Tubeteika design but wore it for religious reasons pertaining to Judaism). The doppa is also called the rug cap because the needle work is the same as that found on Uzbek oriental rugs, see Uzbek people. In Central Asia, men wear the doppa with a suit. Uzbeks also wear the tubeteika, which they call a "duppi". The traditional tubeteika is a black velvet cap with white or silver embroidery. For festivals, a folk costume is worn that consists of a robe called a khalat. The khalat is often worn with a coat called a chapan. Tajiks wear the rug cap and the tubeteika. In Canada, Neil Peart, the drummer for Rush, wears a tubeteika.
Eastern Europe.
The Bosniaks wear the cotton prayer cap, the black beret, and the fez hat, see Islam in Bosnia and Herzegovina. During Eid ul Fitr, the prayer cap is worn with a suit. For wedding ceremonies, a tuxedo is worn.
North Africa.
The fez hat, the "tarboush" or "chechia" is worn. In Morocco, men wear the djellaba with their fez hats. The short sleeved robe is the "gandora". In Egypt, the galabeya is worn.
East Africa.
The kofia is commonly worn in the Muslim communities in the coastal areas of Kenya, Tanzania, and Uganda. Some Swahili speaking populations that are Muslim wear the kofia with a white robe called a kanzu in the Swahili language. In the United States, the kanzu is sold as an "Omani thobe", "Emirati thobe", or "Yemini dishdasha". A white kanzu and suit jacket or blazer is the formal wear of Swahili peoples.
West Africa.
There is the kufi, which is worn with the grand boubou. The West African robe is called a Senegalese kaftan. The traditional wedding attire is the dashiki suit. The traditional women's attire is the kaftan or the wrapper.
Western reverts.
Most reverts use the West African name, kufi, when speaking of a Muslim prayer cap. Two approaches to clothing are seen. The first approach is to add the prayer cap to the traditional clothing of the ethnic group the convert was born into. The general rule is that a revert may wear any modest clothing that exists in their culture, plus the taqiyah or the hijab.
This is the "cultural clothes" approach. For instance, a Scottish American man would wear a kilt and a taqiyah for his wedding instead of the Balmoral bonnet. English American men would wear morning dress and the taqiyah, instead of the top hat. Western clothing, like trousers and an oxford shirt, or a suit, would be worn with the taqiyah to Friday prayers. An Irish American man may chose to wear an Aran sweater or a Grandfather shirt with his taqiyah to Friday prayer services. A French American man would wear a striped Breton shirt and a beret or a taqiyah to Friday prayer services. A Hispanic American would wear a Guayabera shirt, Khaki pants and Dress shoes. The clothing must be modest. For example, a German American man would not wear Lederhosen to Friday prayer services, because the shorts are immodest, see Awrah.
The second approach is the "Sunnah clothes" approach. For a man, the taqiyah, thawb, and salwar kameez are the sunnah clothes. For non-formal events such as Friday prayer services, and Eid ul Fitr celebrations, men wear the taqiyah with a thawb or salwar kameez in a variety of colors. The groom wears a white thawb or salwar kameez during wedding ceremonies. The bride's clothing is a white wedding dress. Most brides wear a white veil with the wedding dress, see white wedding. However, a few wear a white hijab or a white hooded bridal cape or full length cloak.

</doc>
<doc id="18384812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384812" title="Fletcher Trust Building">
Fletcher Trust Building

Fletcher Trust Building, officially known as the Hilton Garden Inn Indianapolis Downtown, is a hotel high-rise in Indianapolis, Indiana. The building rises 16 floors and in height, and is currently the 22nd-tallest building in the city. The structure was completed in 1915. The Fletcher Trust Building currently is home to an Indianapolis branch of Hilton Garden Inn.
Architect Electus D. Litchfield originally won the design competition for the building, but was later replaced by local architect Arthur Bohn of Vonnegut & Bohn, who supervised design and construction work for the Chicago firm Holabird & Roche. The building served as an office tower from its 1916 completion until 1992, when the structure was vacated by its last commercial tenant, Bank One. The Fletcher Trust Building then underwent a renovation into a hotel in 1996, and reopened as the Ramada Waterbury Indianapolis Hotel in late 1996. The structure was renovated again in 2003, and subsequently reopened as a Hilton. 

</doc>
<doc id="18384816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384816" title="Göteborg Horse Show">
Göteborg Horse Show

Göteborg Horse Show is an international horse show held annually in the Scandinavium arena in Gothenburg, Sweden. The event has been arranged since 1977 and is often held in the spring.

</doc>
<doc id="18384821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384821" title="WFUL">
WFUL

WFUL (1270 AM) was a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Formerly licensed to Fulton, Kentucky, USA, the station was owned by River County Broadcasting, Inc.
History.
Although the station originally carried the call sign WFUL, the call sign was changed on March 17, 1988, to WKZT in honor of longtime Fulton, Kentucky resident Kenneth Z. Turner who had recently died. On July 5, 2004, the station changed its call sign back to WFUL.
On March 28, 2012, the station's license was cancelled and its callsign deleted from the Federal Communications Commission's database, per the licensee's request.

</doc>
<doc id="18384832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384832" title="1972 UFO sightings in the eastern Cape">
1972 UFO sightings in the eastern Cape

The eastern Cape region of South Africa was the scene of UFO activity during the year 1972, when some 25 incidents were claimed, some of which involved multiple witnesses. Two observations of landed craft attracted media attention, while another remained obscure.
Fort Beaufort UFO incident.
At 9:00 am on 26 June, farm worker de Klerk of the farm Braeside near Fort Beaufort in the eastern Cape, observed a puff of smoke in the sky which soon turned into a fireball. De Klerk informed farm owner Smit, who contacted the police after observing the object at tree top height. Smit fired eight shots at the object with a .303 caliber rifle, but apart from an audible thud as one bullet struck, there was no visible effect. Meanwhile police sergeant Kitching and police station commander Van Rensburg arrived.
They were in time to see the craft settled in a wooded area against a hillside. It now had a glossy black, metallic colour and was shaped like a 44-gallon drum. It was three-legged and carried a vertical "aerial". Kitching fired another two shots upon which the object alighted with a whirring sound, while changing colour from green to yellow and eventually whitish. It hovered momentarily before departing, nearby vegetation yielding as it moved. Three imprints were found at each of three spots where it touched down. The area was soon cordoned off by the Grahamstown army regiment.
Rosmead UFO incident.
At 8:15 pm on 12 November four soldiers at the Rosmead military camp near Middelburg in the eastern Cape, observed a rotating set of red lights near their duty room, but these went out before they could investigate. School headmaster Harold Truter arrived some 10 minutes later at the Rosmead Junior school, and observed an unusual light hovering silently over a nearby ridge, which cast an oblique beam to the ground.
Due to a 'flickering glow' hanging over the locked tennis court he decided to investigate. He found broken and molten tar and different sets of symmetrically placed imprints on the court. Fragments of tar were later found strewn at a distance of 183 m on a nearby ridge, while some Eucalypt trees which grew nearby, were badly burnt and died soon after. The tennis court is considered to have been a possible landing site of a UFO, while other UFO sightings were claimed from the vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="18384840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384840" title="WGGC">
WGGC

WGGC (95.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Bowling Green, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Bowling Green area. The station is currently owned by Heritage Communications, Inc..
History.
The station went on the air as WGGC on 1989-06-15. on 1993-02-02, the station changed its call sign to the current WGGC. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18384857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384857" title="Saviour Jesus Matriculation Higher Secondary School">
Saviour Jesus Matriculation Higher Secondary School

Saviour Jesus Matriculation Higher Secondary School is a school in Chromepet, Chennai, India. It is located near the Hasthinapuram Bus Terminus.
History.
Saviour Jesus Matriculation Higher Secondary School was founded in the 1970s and continues to be funded by Christian missionaries. The facilities include a large playground and an abundance of green space.
Curriculum.
The school offers instruction given in English as a primary language, with Tamil, Hindi, German, and other languages also being offered. 

</doc>
<doc id="18384867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384867" title="Siegfried Eifrig">
Siegfried Eifrig

Siegfried Eifrig (Born February 6, 1910 Berlin, Germany – Died June 23, 2008) was a German track and field athlete who ran the last leg of the inaugural Olympic Torch rally in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
As a member of the Sport Club Charlottenburg (SCC), Eifrig was a talented sprinter and became the 1935 4x400m relay champion. His personal best times were 11.0 seconds for the 100m and 49.8 seconds for the 400m. He also competed in the traditional Berlin-Potsdam relay 40 times throughout his life.
At the age of 26, Siegfried Eifrig was chosen to carry the Olympic Flame which lit the cauldron at the first Olympic torch relay. His relay began at Unter den Linden and made its way to Olympiastadion in Berlin, where he lit two urns which burned until the end of the summer games. From the urns, the flame was then transferred to Fritz Schilgen, who lit the Olympic Cauldron in Olympiastadion. Even with his athletic talent, Eifrig did not make the German Olympic team. With his blond hair, blue eyes, and tall athletic physique, Eifrig was chosen to embody the Nazi's ideal Aryan athlete. Even though he had been chosen as a tool of political propaganda, Efrig never belonged to the Nazi party.
Several years after the Olympic Games, Eifrig was placed into the Wehrmacht (the German Army), where he fought in North African Campaign. During World War II, he was captured as a Prisoner of war by the British Army, where he was held for the rest of the war. During his time of internment, he organized soccer and track events as recreation for the other inmates.
After World War II, Eifrig returned to Berlin, where he married and had five children, eight grandchildren and seven great-grand children. He rebuilt his former team, Sports Club Charlottenburg, and became a key figure in the rebirth of the state bank, Berliner Sparkasse. For years, Eifrig served as the Berliner Sparkasse’s director, and later became the treasurer for the Berlin Marathon, where he continued his passion for sport and athletic competition.
The torch which Eifrig bore in the 1936 Summer Olympics was buried with other mementoes of his athletic youth in a suitcase under a bowling lane. Secret from the turbulent times in Berlin, Efirig later returned to reclaim his relic with its remaining magnesium candle, which he placed on his livingroom mantle. Currently, the torch is scheduled to reside at the Berlin Sports Museum within the AIMS Marathon Museum of Running.
Eifrig became critical of politicians who sought to exploit the flame. He saw China's 2008 plan to carry the torch across the summit of Mount Everest as a "pointless gesture that makes a nonsense of the relay as an athletic challenge." Eifrig told the BBC that he had been "saddened by the controversy this year's relay attracted ... it ought to be kept a purely sporting affair."
Eifrig died on 23 June 2008, at the age of 98.

</doc>
<doc id="18384874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384874" title="WGKS">
WGKS

WGKS (96.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Paris, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Lexington-Fayette area. The station is currently owned by L.M. Communications, Inc. and features programing from ABC Radio .
History.
The station was assigned the call letters WCOZ on 1985-02-25. On 1992-06-11, the station changed its call sign to WCOZ-FM then just over a week later, on 1992-06-19, the station changed its call sign to the current WGKS.

</doc>
<doc id="18384903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384903" title="Arc of the Testimony">
Arc of the Testimony

Arc of the Testimony is the second and final album by American jazz fusion band Arcana, released on October 14, 1997.
Drummer Tony Williams died while this album was in the making

</doc>
<doc id="18384907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384907" title="Yuriy Benyo">
Yuriy Benyo

Yuriy Benio () (born 25 April 1974, in Lviv, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian former defender and current football assistant coach for FC Lviv. He played for FC Karpaty Lviv, FC Shakhtar Donetsk, FC Metalurh Zaporizhia and Arsenal Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="18384939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384939" title="Daniel Foley">
Daniel Foley

Daniel Foley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18384943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384943" title="Model 6">
Model 6

Model 6 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18384954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384954" title="Richard Swan">
Richard Swan

Richard Gordon Swan is an American mathematician who is known for Swan's theorem and the Swan representation. His work has mainly been in the area of algebraic K-theory.

</doc>
<doc id="18384957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384957" title="8888 Keystone Crossing">
8888 Keystone Crossing

8888 Keystone Crossing is a high rise in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was completed in 1988 and has 18 floors. It is primarily used for office space and is the tallest building in Indiana outside of a major downtown. 

</doc>
<doc id="18384962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384962" title="Serhiy Litovchenko (footballer born 1979)">
Serhiy Litovchenko (footballer born 1979)

Serhiy Lyitovchenko (, born 30 January 1979, Mykolayiv, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender, who currently is unattaced.

</doc>
<doc id="18384964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384964" title="Full pond">
Full pond

Full pond is an American phrase used to describe the water level of a lake, reservoir or other body of fresh water when the level is just below the spillway, or is otherwise at a maximum, sustainable and safe level. 
Technically, a body of water can have a water level higher than full pond when the inflow of water into the body greatly exceeds the outflow (such as during a heavy rain event), even if the body of water is not at full flood level. Most lakes and reservoirs have the ability to lower the level of the lake even when it is already significantly below full. This is used for flood prevention during periods of high (or potentially high) inflow to prevent flooding and to prevent water from breaching containment when it is expected the body of water will soon exceed full pond status.

</doc>
<doc id="18384969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384969" title="Satoshi Horinouchi">
Satoshi Horinouchi


</doc>
<doc id="18384980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384980" title="1989–90 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1989–90 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1989-90 campaign was a fairly successful season, with the exception of Town's failure of reaching the play-offs, after they finished in 8th place, just 2 places and 4 points off the play-offs.
Review.
Following a disappointing first season back in the 3rd Division, many were wondering if Town were going to mount any serious promotion challenge, and if Craig Maskell was going to carry on his goalscoring form from the previous season. Town did start the season brightly and only lost two of their first 13 league games.
The middle part of the season saw Town carry on their good start to the season and during the Christmas/New Year season, they won 6 out of 8 and by February, Town reached 5th place, with a play-off place at least seeming to be the minimum requirement for Town's season. However, from February onwards, Town's promotion dreams took a major downward spiral into nothingness.
Amongst the interesting records set by Town during the end of the season were the unwanted record of losing 5 consecutive home league games set between March 3 and April 3. Also, Bury beat Town 6-0 at Gigg Lane in April, ironically 12 months after Town beat them 6-0 at Gigg Lane. On a brighter note, Craig Maskell became only the third Town player to score 4 goals in an away match in Town's 5-1 win at Cardiff City, equalling the feat set by Charlie Wilson and George Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="18384983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384983" title="Martin Kafka">
Martin Kafka

Martin Paul Kafka (born 1947) is an American psychiatrist best known for his work on sex offenders, paraphilias and what he calls "paraphilia-related disorders" such as sex addiction and hypersexuality.
Career.
Kafka earned his undergraduate degree at Columbia College of Columbia University in 1968 and his M.D. cum laude in 1973 from the Medical College at SUNY Downstate Medical Center. He completed his psychiatric residency at the University of Michigan Medical Center in 1977.
He was Clinical Instructor of Psychiatry at University Hospital in Ann Arbor, Michigan from 1977 to 1983. He has taught at Harvard Medical School since 1983 and is affiliated with McLean Hospital. In 1999 Kafka was elected a full member of the International Academy of Sex Research. He joined the editorial board of "Sexual Abuse: A Journal of Research and Treatment" in 1999 and "Sexual Addiction & Compulsivity: The Journal of Treatment and Prevention" in 2001. Kafka was a charter member of the International Association for the Treatment of Sex Offenders (IATSO) in 2000. He has been president of the Massachusetts Chapter of the Association for the Treatment of Sexual Abusers (MATSA) from 2002–2008 and a member of the national ATSA ethics committee from 2004-05. In 2010 he was named a Distinguished Life Fellow of the American Psychiatric Association. In 2008, Kafka was selected to be a member of the American Psychiatric Association's Work Group on Sexual and Gender Identity Disorder for the development of the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders" Fifth Edition, due for publication in 2012.
Kafka was the only American in a panel of eight non-Catholic scientists commissioned by the church to prepare a report on Catholic sex abuse cases. His article questioned whether "Catholic clerical education and socialization could be associated with an increased risk of expressing or experimenting with socially immature but aberrant sexual behaviors."
Kafka notes that "we don't know" the causes of atypical sexual behaviors. He cautions that "the research is in infancy," but it appears that physiological factors and environmental factors may both play roles. Though sexual abusers of children are more likely to have been child sexual-abuse victims themselves, "most pedophiles have not been sexually abused." Kafka believes "social skills deficits" can be a factor.
Kafka’s work on hypersexuality bases an evaluation on total sexual outlet. While previous treatments attempted to reduce androgen levels via chemical castration, Kafka uses drugs that regulate monoamines such as dopamine and norepinephrine, but especially serotonin. He states that "sexual deviance is linked to an as-yet-unidentified disregulation affecting the serotonin system." After treating a sex offender among a group of people diagnosed with eating disorders, Kafka connected the two: "I began to see that the sex offenders were just like the bulimics. Both groups were suffering from a disregulation of appetite."
References.
Kafka, M.P.(2010)Hypersexual Disorder: a proposed diagnosis for DSM-V. Archives of Sexual Behavior 39;377-400

</doc>
<doc id="18384999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18384999" title="Judson Cornwall">
Judson Cornwall

Judson Cornwall (15 August 1924 – 11 February 2005) was a prolific Charismatic Christian preacher, pastor, and author of over 50 books on varied subjects such as worship, praise, spiritual warfare, and death.
A third-generation minister, Judson Cornwall was preaching at the age of 7 during the Depression era, and later was regarded as an apostle and pioneer. After starting and pastoring churches in the West, Cornwall, a former Assemblies of God preacher, ministered worldwide for more than 20 years, preaching, teaching, and training ministers and laity of various denominations. Three of his books, Let Us Worship, Elements of Worship, and Let Us Praise, are widely considered Christian classics.

</doc>
<doc id="18385000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385000" title="Aochi Shigetsuna">
Aochi Shigetsuna


</doc>
<doc id="18385006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385006" title="Stephen Clark (New York treasurer)">
Stephen Clark (New York treasurer)

Stephen Clark (b. February 22, 1792) was an American politician.
Life.
He lived at Albany, New York. On February 4, 1818, he married Pamelia Fay (1801–1842), and they had five children. He was a contractor and participated in the re-construction of the Long Bridge over the Potomac River which opened in 1835; and the construction of the High Bridge in New York City which opened in 1848.
He was a canal commissioner from 1842 to 1844, and from 1845 to 1847. He was first elected by the New York State Legislature on February 8, 1842, when the Democratic majority removed the Whig commissioners. Clark and James Hooker, the two "non-acting" commissioners (the ones which did not receive an annual salary; the "acting" commissioners received $2,000 a year), were legislated out of office on May 6, 1844. Clark was re-elected to a four-year term in November 1844 to take office on February 3, 1845. He was legislated out of office again by the New York State Constitution of 1846, and left the Canal Commission at the end of 1847.
He was elected New York State Treasurer on the American Party ticket in November 1855, defeating both the Republican and Democratic candidates, and took office on January 1, 1856. At the time, the Governor served a two-year term elected in even years, and the cabinet officers a two-year term elected in odd years, so that Governor Myron H. Clark, elected as a Whig but now a Republican, had to cope with a hostile majority in the Erie Canal Board at a time when the political situation was very unstable and party feeling rose high. In June 1856, a majority of the Canal Board, including Treasurer Clark, exchanged the workplace of two resident engineers attached to the Canal. The members of the Canal Board, including the Treasurer, were accused by Lt. Gov. Henry J. Raymond and State Engineer Silas Seymour of having committed an illegal act, having meddled in the exclusive competences of the State Engineer. On June 23, 1856, Treasurer Clark was suspended by Governor Clark, since the State Constitution provided for the possible suspension of the Treasurer but not the other state officers. Soon after, the Treasurer answered the accusation in a letter to the Governor, arguing that the Canal Board had powers to supersede the State Engineer, and that the Treasurer could not be suspended for acts committed as an ex officio member of any executive board, but only for his acts as Treasurer regarding the public funds, and the suspension was revoked.
He was buried at Albany Rural Cemetery in Menands, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18385007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385007" title="Yevhen Yevseyev">
Yevhen Yevseyev

Yevhen Yevseyev (; 16 April 1987 – 19 August 2011) was a professional Ukrainian football defender who played for Arsenal Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League. He was killed in a car accident in Ivano-Frankivsk on 19 August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18385009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385009" title="WGKY">
WGKY

WGKY (95.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Oldies format. Licensed to Wickliffe, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by W. Russell Withers, Jr. and features programing from Fox News Radio and Jones Radio Network.
History.
The station went on the air as WCRG on May 9, 1985. On October 2, 1986, the station changed its call sign to WYMC-FM; then on February 15, 1991 to the current WGKY.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18385011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385011" title="Green Dancer">
Green Dancer

Green Dancer (April 14, 1972 - December 5, 2000) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse.
Background.
A son of the English Triple Crown winner, Nijinsky, he was bred in Kentucky by Germaine Wertheimer of Paris, France who owned his dam, Green Valley.
Racing career.
Green Dancer was raced in France by Germaine Wertheimer's son, Jacques, and trained by Alec Head. He was a winner of a French Classic Race and two other Group One races in France and in England. In the 1975 Epsom Derby Green Dancer started 6/4 favourite but finished only sixth behind Grundy. His poor performance reportedly left Alec Head "dumbfounded".
Stud record.
Retired to stud in France, in 1980 Green Dancer was sent to stand at Gainesway Farm near Lexington, Kentucky. He became the fourth leading sire in France in 1983 and 1984, and was that country's Champion sire in 1991. Green Dancers daughters produced seven Champions that earned Horse of the Year honors on eight occasions.
Due to declining health, Green Dancer was pensioned near the end of November, 2000 but had to be euthanized a short time later. He is buried in the Gainesway Farm cemetery next to Lyphard, another Champion sire owned by the Wertheimer family.
Green Dancer sired:
Green Dancer was the damsire of:

</doc>
<doc id="18385021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385021" title="Huilong Station">
Huilong Station

The Taipei Metro Huilong Station is a station on the Xinzhuang Line located in Xinzhuang and Taoyuan County, Guishan district, New Taipei City, Taiwan. It is the western terminus of the Xinzhuang Line and opened on Jun 29, 2013. It is also a planned station on the Wanda-Shulin Line and the Taoyuan MRT Brown Line.
Station overview.
This two-level, underground station has an island platform. It is located beneath Zhongzheng Rd. near Losheng Sanatorium, adjoining the Xinzhuang Depot.
It is a planned transfer station with the Wanda-Shulin Line and the Taoyuan MRT Brown Line.
Construction.
Excavation depth for this station is around 17 meters. It is 260 meters in length and 19.55 meters wide. The platform is 251.5 meters long. It has three entrances, one accessibility elevator, and four vent shafts. It will also have one emergency exit.

</doc>
<doc id="18385028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385028" title="Bible translations into Ilocano">
Bible translations into Ilocano

The Ilocano Bible, published in 1909, is the second Bible to be published in any Philippine language, after the Tagalog which was published in 1905.
As of the first decade of the 21st century, three bible translations in the Ilocano language of the Philippines exist:
History.
After six years of laborious effort, the American Bible Society and the British and Foreign Bible Society published the Ilocano New Testament in 1904. Simply titled "Ti Baro a Tulag Wenno Ti Baro a Testamento ni Apo Tayo a Jesucristo" (The New Agreement or the New Testament of Our Lord Jesus Christ). Though much of the supervision was given as a task to the BFBS, the work was enthusiastically assisted by the different American Protestant Missionaries in the North. Among the well known translators was Isabelo de los Reyes, the founder of the Iglesia Filipina Independiente, who as gaoled in Barcelona during that time.
Five years later, the BFBS finished the translation of the Old Testament and gave it the title "Ti Daan a Tulag nga Isu ti Umuna a Paset ti Santa Biblia" (The Old Testament which is the First Part of the Holy Bible) thus allowing the final publication of the complete Ilocano Bible in 1912. Unlike the two separate versions, the complete Ilocano Bible was simple called "Ti Biblia" ("Ilocano:" The Bible).
However, when the Good News Translation or the Today's English Version was published in the United States in 1966, the Philippine Bible Society commissioned another group of translators translate the Bible following the same principles of dynamic equivalence. Thus, the publication of "Ti Baro a Tulag ti Naimbag a Damag Biblia" (the New Testament of the Good News Bible) came in 1973 and 10 years later the complete "Ti Naimbag a Damag Biblia". 
During these time also, the Roman Catholic Church, through the Papal Encyclical Divino Afflante Spiritu which has been dubbed as the "Magna Carta for Biblical Progress", opened its doors for its members to study the Bible as aggressively as Protestants do. This meant that Pope Pius XII encouraged that the Roman Catholics study the original biblical languages (Hebrew, Aramaic and Greek). Thus new translators of the Bible used the original languages as the textual base instead of Saint Jerome's Latin Vulgate.
The different Protestant churches welcomed the move as this has been their philosophy since William Tyndale translated his very first New Testament in English. The encyclical also encouraged a version of the Holy Scriptures to be jointly translated by Roman Catholic and Protestant scholars, thus giving rise to what they call the "Common Bible". Today, the second title (given above) is the most used, as it was approved liturgically not only by the Roman Catholic Church but by many of the other churches as well.
Later in 1990's, the Philippine Bible Society realised a need to revise the "Naimbag a Damag Biblia" because of further advancement in linguistic and archaeological knowledge. Hence the birth of "Ti Baro a Naimbag a Damag Biblia" (The New Good News Bible). Like the earlier version, it used the original languages as the textual base and was jointly translated by Roman Catholic and Protestant scholars.
First parts of the Ilocano Bible.
Although the complete Bible was published only in 1909, some fragments of the Bible were translated as soon as the arrival of the Spaniards in the Islands. In 1620, the very first book in Ilocano was published by Rev. Fr. Francisco Lopez. The book was entitled "Doctirna Cristiana en la Lengua Española e Yloca" which was aimed to be used for catechism. The Book contained a translation of the Lord's Prayer (entitled "Amami") and the Ten Commandments (entitled "Daguiti Sangapulo a Bilin").
During the time of the revolution, Don Isabelo de los Reyes, known as the Father of Philippine Socialism, made his translations of the Gospel of Luke while he was jailed in Montijuich Castle in Barcelona, Spain. But because Don Belong was not knowledgeable in the Biblical languages, the BFBS allowed him to use the available Spanish Bibles as a textual base. From this, he also translated the Gospel of John and the Book of Acts. His works were later published in 1989 and 1900 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18385042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385042" title="Shunsuke Maeda">
Shunsuke Maeda

Club team career statistics.
Last update: 27 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="18385044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385044" title="Edward Partington, 1st Baron Doverdale">
Edward Partington, 1st Baron Doverdale

Edward Partington (1836–1925) was an English industrialist.
Biography.
Partington was born in Bury, England and arrived in Glossop in 1874. He, with his partner William Olive, bought the Turn Lee Mill from Thomas Hamer Ibbotson. He bought it to try out a modern method of paper manufacture using the sulfite process. He expanded rapidly with mills in Salford and Barrow in Furness. He merged with Kellner of Vienna and was created Lord Doverdale in 1914. His factories in Charlestown created nearly a 1000 jobs. He employed a thousand workers in his Charlestown Mill, 1 in 12 of the working population. He was a Unitarian and a Liberal. He was a Deputy Lieutenant of Derbyshire. He was made a Baron in 1917. Partington died on 5 January 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="18385045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385045" title="Vavatenina District">
Vavatenina District

Vavatenina District is a district of northeast Madagascar. It is part of the Analanjirofo Region.

</doc>
<doc id="18385069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385069" title="Earle J. Gluck">
Earle J. Gluck

Earle J. Gluck (May 23, 1900 – February 19, 1972), was a radio pioneer, born in Maryland. One of the originators of WBT-AM in Charlotte, NC. The station dates to December 1920, when Fred Laxton, Earle Gluck and Fred Bunker set up an amateur radio station in Laxton's home. Four months later, the station received an experimental license as 4XD. The trio decided to go commercial in 1922, and incorporated as the Southern Radio Corporation. In April, the station signed on as the first fully licensed radio station south of Washington, D.C. WSB in Atlanta was the first station in the Southeast to actually broadcast, a month before WBT. However, the Commerce Department only authorized WSB to broadcast weather reports until it received its license a few months after WBT.
Gluck then moved on to Charlotte's WSOC, for which he was also an originator, and was also a pioneer in Amateur Radio and was active in the hobby from its infancy. He also was an active community leader and served on the Housing Authority of the city. He was a charter member of the Charlotte Amateur Radio Club and was instrumental in offering guidance and advice in its organization. Gluck also served in organizations such as the Kiwanis Club, Civitan Club, and the Boy Scouts of America. He died in Charlotte, NC. After he became a Silent Key, his wife donated some of his amateur radio equipment to the Club. 
In 2007, he was admitted into the Radio Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18385070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385070" title="Stephen Clark">
Stephen Clark

Stephen Clark, Stephen Clarke, Steven Clark, or Steven Clarke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18385088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385088" title="Serhiy Pohorilyy">
Serhiy Pohorilyy

Serhiy Pohorilyi (born 28 July 1986, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for Tavriya Simferopol in the Ukrainian Premier League.
Initially selected for the game against the Bulgaria national football team on November 14, 2012, he was withdrawn from the national team squad on the decision of the National Team Committee of the Football Federation of Ukraine on November 2, 2012 due to a bad conduct.

</doc>
<doc id="18385102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385102" title="Danfeng Station">
Danfeng Station

The Taipei Metro Danfeng Station is a station on the Xinzhuang Line located on the border of Xinzhuang and Taishan District, New Taipei City, Taiwan. The station opened on June 29, 2013.
Station overview.
This two-level, underground station has an island platform. It is located beneath the intersection of Zhongzheng Rd. and Min-an Rd.
The western terminus for the Xinzhuang Line was originally planned to be at Xinzhuang. However, the line was changed and further extended to the west. Thus, the station number (O60) does not line up with the next station (Xinzhuang, O1).
Construction.
Excavation depth for this station is around 19 meters. It is 150 meters in length and 16.55 meters wide. It has two entrances, one accessibility elevator, and two vent shafts. It also has one emergency exit.

</doc>
<doc id="18385111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385111" title="Marriott Indianapolis">
Marriott Indianapolis

Marriott Indianapolis is a high-rise hotel in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was completed in 2001 and has 19 floors. It was the largest hotel in Indiana, until surpassed by the JW Marriott Indianapolis in 2011. The Indianapolis Marriott Downtown features 622 guest rooms and of meeting/event space spread over 33 rooms. Located inside the Indianapolis Marriott Downtown are the Champions Sports Bar and the Circle City Bar and Grille. The Circle City Bar and Grille's lounge is rated by its guests to be among the top 20 lobby bars for food quality and service in Marriott Convention hotels accourding to Marriotts internal Guest Satisfaction Survey. (Feb-May 2009)
The Indianapolis Marriott Downtown is currently owned by LaSalle Bank, and managed by White Lodging Services.

</doc>
<doc id="18385117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385117" title="Anderson Park (New Jersey)">
Anderson Park (New Jersey)

Anderson Park is a county park located in Montclair, New Jersey, United States. Anderson Park is part of the Essex County park system.
History.
In the late 19th century C.W. Anderson, founder of the park, and a prominent Montclair resident, and record-holding commuter, decided that there should be a park from Bellevue Avenue to Watchung Avenue and from the railroad right-of-way to North Mountain Road. The land which he was talking about at the time was a swampy area that many thought to be a health risk. 
Eventually Montclair started a commission and the Frederick Law Olmsted firm was chosen to design the park, and it was completed on August 4, 1903. This firm is well known for designing much of the National Mall in Washington D.C. and Central Park in New York City. In the end the park plans called for a smaller park that only extended to where Parkside Road is now located.
The park has the distinction of being the first park in the Essex County Park Commission system, which was the first county wide network of parks.
In 2006 fifty garbage cans were installed around the park, and the soccer fields were costily redone as part of a general renovation. The public disapproved of trash cans every , so many were removed.
In August 2007 swastikas and other racist graffiti was found in the park, and promptly removed
Qualities.
The park has a circuitous path that goes around its central lawn and is exactly 3/5 of a mile long. On the path there are many places to stop and take a rest at the many, newly installed benches. It is possible to walk around at night because in early 2008 new lights were installed which are around the path. The park has a large open grass space that takes up most of the park and is sometimes used for lacrosse and field hockey games. The park is also host to an Arts and Crafts fair annually.
Location.
Anderson Park is located in Northern Montclair, very close to the slope of the First Watchung Mountain. It is in a small depression caused by Toney's Brook, which flows through the park. Anderson Park is within approximately two minutes of walking distance from the center of the commercial zone in Upper Montclair on Bellevue Avenue and Valley Road, the Upper Montclair Railway Station, and is across the street from the childhood home of Buzz Aldrin. The park is bordered in the north by Bellevue Avenue, in the west by North Mountain Avenue, in the south by Parkside Avenue, and in the east by Toney's Brook and the railroad right of way of New Jersey Transit's Montclair-Boonton Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18385122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385122" title="New French Extremity">
New French Extremity

New French Extremity (or "New French Extremism") is a term coined by "Artforum" critic James Quandt for a collection of transgressive films by French directors at the turn of the 21st century. The filmmakers are also discussed by Jonathan Romney of "The Independent". Quandt describes the style as follows:
Quandt associates François Ozon, Gaspar Noé, Catherine Breillat, Bruno Dumont, Claire Denis' "Trouble Every Day" (2001), Patrice Chéreau's "Intimacy" (2001), Bertrand Bonello's "The Pornographer" (2001), Marina de Van's "In My Skin" (2002), Leos Carax's "Pola X" (1999), Philippe Grandrieux's "Sombre" (1998) and "La vie nouvelle" (2002), Jean-Claude Brisseau's "Secret Things" (2002), Jacques Nolot's "La Chatte à deux têtes" (2002), Virginie Despentes and Coralie Trinh Thi's "Baise-moi" (2000), and Alexandre Aja's "Haute tension" (2003) with the label.
While Quandt intended the term as pejorative, many so labeled have produced critically acclaimed work. David Fear indicates that the lack of humanity beneath the horror represented in these films leads to their stigma, arguing that Bruno Dumont's "Flanders" (2006) "contains enough savage violence and sexual ugliness" to remain vulnerable to the New French Extremity tag, but "a soul also lurks underneath the shocks". Nick Wrigley indicates that Dumont was merely chastised for "letting everybody down" who expected him to be the heir to Robert Bresson.
Jonathan Romney also associates the label with Olivier Assayas' "Demonlover" (2002) and Christophe Honoré's "Ma mère" (2004).
Tim Palmer has also written about these films, describing them as constituting a "cinema of the body." Palmer has argued that such films reflect a large scale stylistic trajectory, a kind of avant-garde among like-minded directors, from Catherine Breillat to François Ozon, along with contemporary figures like Marina de Van, Claire Denis, Dumont, Gaspar Noé, and many others. Palmer situates this tendency within the complex eco-system of French cinema, underlining the conceptual diversity and artistic scope in French cinema today.
History.
Jonathan Romney traces a long line of (mainly French) painters and writers influencing these directors, beginning with the Marquis de Sade, and including Gustave Courbet's 1866 "L'origine du monde", Comte de Lautréamont, Antonin Artaud, Georges Bataille, William S. Burroughs, Michel Houellebecq, and Marie Darrieussecq. He locates filmic predecessors in Luis Buñuel and Salvador Dalí, Roman Polanski, Jean-Luc Godard's "Le weekend", Andrzej Zulawski's "Possession", and Michael Haneke. Quandt also alludes to Arthur Rimbaud, Buñuel, Henri-Georges Clouzot, Georges Franju, Michelangelo Antonioni, Pier Paolo Pasolini, Guy Debord, Walerian Borowczyk, Godard, "Psycho", Zulawski, "Deliverance", Jean Eustache's "La maman et la putain", and Maurice Pialat's "A Nos Amours" as models, but criticizes that the contemporary filmmakers so far lack the "power to shock an audience into consciousness".
John Wray notes that some of these filmmakers show less affection for Hollywood films than their New Wave predecessors, and take after Jean Renoir as well as Bresson. He also notes the long shots and enigmatic story-telling style of Dumont and the Dardenne brothers.
The expanded term "The New Extremism", referring to European filmmakers such as Lars von Trier, Lukas Moodysson, and Fatih Akın, has subsequently appeared.
Themes and characteristics.
While the New French Extremity refers to a stylistically diverse group of films and filmmakers, it has been described as "crossover between sexual decadence, bestial violence and troubling psychosis". The New French Extremity movement has roots in art house and horror cinema. According to film blogger Matt Smith, this tradition has recently "shoved its way very consciously into [France's genre endeavors". Says Smith:
new crop of horror is something altogether entirely different, concerned as much with gender identity as it is with sheer taboo-breaking of the screen images of bodies. The New French Extremity in particular is a wide-ranging set of films, encompassing art-house darlings like Claire Denis and Catherine Breillat (a filmmaker much more interested in sex than violence, or rather sex as violence) as well as those who might be deemed schlockmeisters by their detractors[, like Xavier Gens and Alexandre Aja. 
Films belonging to the New French Extremity take a severe approach to depicting violence and sex.
Smith identifies five films that he believes primarily comprise a new wave of horror in France: "High Tension", "Ils", "Frontiere(s)", "À l'intérieur" and "Martyrs". These films, he says, provide a "comprehensive snapshot of human anxieties about our bodies", both corporeally and socially. Within these works, Smith identifies two predominant themes: home invasion and, relatedly, a fear of the Other.
Pascal Laugier, director of the film "Martyrs", has said that his work is connected to American torture porn efforts like the "Saw series" and director Eli Roth's "Hostel", though he likens "Martyrs" to an "anti-Hostel". What makes his film different from its American counterpart, he says, is that "Martyrs" is about pain rather than torture. Per Laugier:
My film is very clear about what it says about human pain and human suffering. [...] The film is only really about the nature and the meaning of human suffering. I mean, the pain we all feel on an everyday basis - in a symbolic way. The film doesn't talk about torture - it talks about the pain".
Film scholar Steve Jones has also charted the relationship between New Extremism and torture porn based on their shared themes and characteristics.
Cinematic roots.
New French Extremity and body horror.
Although films belonging to the New French Extremity exhibit traits representative of a wide range of horror sub-genres—including slashers, revenge films and home-invasion films—the body horror sub-genre has been particularly influential.
Smith identifies Body Horror as one of the New French Extremity's most significant thematic antecedents, citing the early work of Canadian filmmaker David Cronenberg as a key influence on the movement. He calls attention to the collective focus of the New French Extremity on human corporeality, specifically its destruction and violation:
As the French seem intent to prove, it is not our corporeal existence that should be held sacred - insistence on showing anything and everything is evidence of this. The body is meant to be examined, explicitly and externally, to deepen our understanding of our own humanity...and what we hope lies in wait for us at the end of it all.
Xavier Gens, a director associated with the New French Extremity, has loosely situated his work within the Body Horror tradition. He cites David Cronenberg's 1986 remake of "The Fly" as an influence on his film "Frontiere(s)", saying: "To me, "Frontiere(s)" is a love letter to the genre movie. There's a lot of reference to "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" and "The Fly", and to many others...".
Relatedly, film scholar Linda Williams has written about the so-called "body genres"—also known as "gross" genres or "genres of excess"—a label that includes pornography, horror and melodrama. Body genre films "promise to be sensational, to give our bodies an actual physical jolt. [...] heir displays of sensations...are on the edge of respectable", which is what attracts audiences to them. Such films are necessarily spectacle-driven, depicting human bodies overcome by intense physical or emotional sensations (e.g., pleasure, terror, sadness). Body genre films are also marked by the fact that they induce within viewers an involuntary mimicry of the emotions or sensations portrayed onscreen—for example: pleasure in porn, terror in horror or sadness in melodrama.
Williams has widely featured the work of New French Extremity filmmaker Catherine Breillat in her discussion of body genres, particularly Breillat's 1999 film, "Romance".
New French Extremity and exploitation cinema.
The New French Extremity bears certain thematic comparisons to the American exploitation cinema of the 1970s. USC film scholar Tania Modleski notes that much of what distinguished the American exploitation movement from the Hollywood-dominated horror films that preceded it was "films' unprecedented assault on all that bourgeois culture is supposed to cherish--like the ideological apparatuses of the family and the school". Films like "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" and "The Brood", she says, were at the time noteworthy for their "adversarial relation to contemporary culture and society". In much the same way, many films belonging to the New French Extremity have been explicit in their criticism and rejection of bourgeois ideals. Films like "Martyrs", "À l'intérieur" and "Frontiere(s)", for example, have been noted for their subversive attitudes toward dominant political, social and cultural orders.
Both exploitation cinema and the New French Extremity are characterized in large part by their transgressive attitudes towards depicting violence and sex.
Political controversy.
While films associated with the New French Extremity are unified by their transgressive content, critics and scholars have also highlighted their tendency to incorporate social and political themes. According to film scholar Tim Palmer, "New French Extremity offers incisive social critiques, portraying contemporary society as isolating, unpredictably horrific and threatening".
Writer and film scholar Jon Towlson says that "the New French Extremity movement, can... be seen most significantly as a response to the rise of right-wing extremism in France during the last ten years..., a response that filmmakers are in the process of working through".
Still, films of the New French Extremity do not appear to reflect a unified social or political platform. Some have been noted to include politically progressive commentary while others have been called conservative, homophobic and fascistic.
Critics disagree as to whether the sensational nature of many New French Extremity films disqualifies them as legitimate expressions of social, political and philosophical commentary. Some critics and scholars have judged the movement's treatment of such themes positively; others have dismissed it as tacked on, miscalculated or even offensive.
Several films associated with the New French Extremity have generated significant controversy upon their premieres. "Irréversible" and "Trouble Every Day", which respectively debuted at the 2002 and 2001 Cannes film festivals, were noteworthy for prompting widespread walkouts among audience members. "Martyrs" was received similarly upon its debut at Cannes 2008, with audience members reportedly walking out, fainting, vomiting and bursting into tears.
Frontiere(s).
In a positive review of Xavier Gens' "Frontiere(s)", "New York Times" film critic Manhola Dargis notes the film's exploitative tendencies while also crediting its "amusingly glib and timely political twist". In the film, a group of French-Arab youths flees a riotous Paris following the election of a far-right government, only to be pursued by a murderous family of militant white fascists. "There's enough blood in the unrated french horror film "Frontiere(s)" to satiate even the most ravenous gore hounds", Dargis says. "The real surprise here is that this creepy, contemporary gross-out also has some ideas, visual and otherwise, wedged among its sanguineous drips...". While Dargis ultimately regards the film's political convictions in a positive light, she notes that certain scenes veer "dangerously close to the unpardonable, with images that evoke the Holocaust too strongly".
Like Dargis, "Village Voice" critic Jim Ridley acknowledged "Frontiere(s)'s" political themes. Ridley, however, is less favorable of the movie, describing it as "vigorously art-directed torture porn". Comparing it to other films in the New French Extremity (specifically "Haute Tension", "Sheitan" and "À l'intérieur"), he says "Frontiere(s)" takes "the most bluntly political tack yet." It is "both hysterical and muddled", even when interpreted as satire.
Director Gens was himself vocal about the film's intended socio-political message. Asked in one interview about his inspiration for "Frontiere(s)", Gens said: "It came from the events in 2002, when we had the presidential elections France . There was an extreme right party in the second round. That was the most horrible day of my life. The idea of "Frontiere(s)" came to me then...".
Martyrs.
Pascal Laugier's "Martyrs" was the subject of similar contention upon its debut at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival, where early reporting highlighted viewers' divergent reactions to the film's violence and socio-philosophical themes. Anton Bitel of Britain's "Film4" praised the film, saying it "eludes the 'torture porn' label precisely by questioning what those terms might mean, what appeal they might possibly have, and what questions - fundamental, even metaphysical questions - they might answer". Jamie Graham of "Total Film" called "Martyrs" "one of the most extreme pictures ever made, and one of the best horror movies of the last decade". He also likened it to "a torture-porn movie for "Guardian" readers", one that owed as much to Francis Bacon and Raphael as to its genre contemporaries. By contrast, writer and film scholar Jon Towlson says "Martyrs" "political intentions are less overt, more ambivalent and ultimately nihilistic" compared to its contemporaries. "Putting the audience 'through it,' " he says, "is the film's raison d'etre"
Commenting on the controversy surrounding his film, director Laugier said he felt "insulted" by many critics' misinterpretations of "Martyrs" Carnevale, IndieLondon - Pascal Laugier interview.
New wave of French horror.
Some films considered as part of the New French Extremity rework elements of the horror genre. Other contemporary French horror films with a similar sensibility include "Sheitan", "Ils", "Haute Tension", "Frontier(s)" and "À l'interieur". The Belgian film "Calvaire" has also been associated with this trend.
Pascal Laugier, director of the controversial horror film "Martyrs", disagrees with the idea of there being a horror revival in France:
Laugier does, however, acknowledge the existence of a broader wave of new European horror. He notes Spain, France, England and Sweden as contributors.
Legacy and influence.
The New French Extremity movement has influenced filmmakers in other countries, particularly in Europe, prompting some to suggest that a greater movement of European Extremity is afoot.
Some filmmakers associated with the New French Extremity have gone on to make mainstream horror films for major American studios. Alexandre Aja, director of France's "High Tension", went on to direct a remake of Wes Craven's 1972 exploitation/revenge film "The Hills Have Eyes". Xavier Gens, director of France's "Frontiere(s)", had already directed a major Hollywood adaptation of the popular "Hitman video game series" when "Frontiere(s)" was released, and went on to make the english-language "The Divide".

</doc>
<doc id="18385130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385130" title="Our America">
Our America

Our America is an award-winning film based on the book "Our America: Life And Death on the South Side of Chicago".
It premiered at the 2002 Sundance Film Festival, and aired on American television later that year.
Award.
Daytime Emmy Awards

</doc>
<doc id="18385137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385137" title="Fox Cities Performing Arts Center">
Fox Cities Performing Arts Center

The Fox Cities Performing Arts Center is a performing arts center in downtown Appleton, Wisconsin, USA. The Center is the home of the Broadway Across America – Fox Cities series, the Boldt Arts Alive! series, the Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Education Series, and the Fox Valley Symphony. The Center has hosted the Wisconsin premieres of the Broadway blockbusters Disney’s The Lion King, The Producers, Wicked, and Jersey Boys and will host Billy Elliot and Les Misérables in 2011. President George W. Bush delivered a speech at the Center during a campaign stop on March 30, 2004.
In 1999, Aid Association for Lutherans, now Thrivent Financial for Lutherans, contributed $10 million – the largest philanthropic corporate gift in the history of the Fox Cities – towards the building of the Center. The Center’s board of directors and volunteer fundraisers raised $45 million in private contributions from over 2,700 local residents and businesses. The Toronto-based Zeidler Partnership Architects was hired to design the Center and in May 2000, the O.J. Boldt Construction Company began construction on the Center. Artec, Inc. provided acoustical and theatrical consulting for the Center. The Center opened on November 25, 2002, 31 months after breaking ground. 
The Center is composed of:

</doc>
<doc id="18385138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385138" title="Noch Velesova">
Noch Velesova

Noch Velesova (Ночь Велесова - Night of Veles) is the second live album by the Russian pagan / folk metal band Arkona. It was released on February 11, 2009 through Sound Age Production in Russia and in May–June 2009 through Napalm Records worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="18385143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385143" title="Martin Kennedy (hurler)">
Martin Kennedy (hurler)

Martin Kennedy (1898–1983) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Toomevara and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team from 1922 until 1936. Kennedy is regarded as one of Tipperary’s greatest-ever players.
Playing career.
Club.
Kennedy first played club hurling as a goalkeeper with the Borrisoleigh club. He had been born in that portion of the parish and contested two county intermediate finals before transferring his allegiance to the Toomevara club in 1919. It was only when the regular full-forward on that team got injured that Kennedy was used in this position and he went on to enjoy much success. He won his first senior county title in 1919 and added further county medals in 1923, 1930 and 1931. Kennedy continued to play until well into his forties and joined the Kildangan club after marrying and settling there. He later played at full-forward with an LDF selection in Limerick during the Emergency.
Inter-county.
Kennedy made his debut with the Tipperary senior inter-county team in the championship of 1922. In his very first game, played against Cork in Cork, he lined out at full-forward against Seán Óg Murphy and scored four goals. Kennedy’s side won the game; however, it would be 2008 before Tipp defeated Cork at home again. The subsequent Munster final saw Tipperary draw with Limerick. The replay gave Tipp a comprehensive victory and gave Kennedy his first Munster title. The All-Ireland final pitted Tipp against Kilkenny for the first time in almost a decade. With three minutes left in the game Kennedy’s side were leading by three points and looked set for victory, however, Paddy Donoghue and Dick Tobin scored two quick goals. Kennedy missed a late goal chance in that game when his scooped effort ended up on top of the net. Kilkenny won the game by 4-2 to 2-6.
Two years later in 1924 Kennedy captured a second Munster title as Tipp defeated reigning provincial champions Limerick by 3-1 to 2-2. The subsequent All-Ireland semi-final saw Galway, the reigning All-Ireland champions, defeat Kennedy’s side by just a single point.
Tipp retained their provincial crown in 1925 with an overwhelming defeat of Watreford by 6-6 to 1-2. It was Kennedy’s third Munster medal. Tipp later trounced Antrim to qualify for and All-Ireland final with Galway. Kennedy’s side got off to a great start with two quick goals and never looked back. Tipperary won the game by 5-6 to 1-5 giving Kennedy his first All-Ireland medal.
1926 saw Tipperary surrender their Munster title to Cork after an exciting three-game saga. Prior to this the Tipperary team embarked on a tour of North America in May, playing and winning six games. Kennedy scored 27 goals on the tour, including seven in one game.
The next few years saw Cork dominate the provincial championship; however, Kennedy captured a National Hurling League medal with Tipp in 1928. Tipp bounced back two years later in 1930 with Kennedy collecting a fourth Munster medal at the expense of Clare. The subsequent All-Ireland final saw Dublin provide the opposition. The first-half was a close affair; however, goals by Kennedy and captain John Joe Callanan gave Tipp the edge. The Munster men hung on to win by 2-7 to 1-3, giving Kennedy his second All-Ireland medal.
Tipp went into decline for the next few years as Limerick emerged as the dominant team in Munster. Kennedy continued to play with Tipp until a serious injury forced his retirement from the inter-county scene in 1936.
Provincial.
Kennedy also lined out with Munster in the inter-provincial hurling competition. He first played for his province in the inaugural year of the Railway Cup competition in 1927, however, Leinster were the victors on that occasion. Kennedy collected his first Railway Cup winners’ medal in 1928. It was the first of four titles in-a-row. He won his fifth and final Railway Cup medal in 1934.
Post-playing career.
In retirement from playing Murphy maintained a keen interest in Tipperary’s hurling and football affairs. He served as a selector on various Tipperary hurling teams during the golden period in the 1950s and 1960s.
Martin Kennedy died in 1983. He was posthumously honoured in 2000 when he was named in the full-forward position on the Tipperary Hurling Team of the Century.

</doc>
<doc id="18385144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385144" title="Fu Jen University Station">
Fu Jen University Station

The Taipei Metro Fu Jen University Station is a station on the Xinzhuang Line located in Xinzhuang District, New Taipei, Taiwan. The station opened on January 5, 2012, and is named after the nearby Fu Jen Catholic University.
Station overview.
This two-level, underground station has an island platform. It is located beneath the intersection of Zhongzheng Rd. and Lane 508, Zhongzheng Rd. It was originally scheduled to open in 2013, but it began service earlier January 5, 2012. It was originally planned as the western terminus of the Xinzhuang Line, hence the station number (O1); the new terminus will instead be Huilong.
Construction.
Evacuation depth for this station was around . It is in length and wide. It has four entrances, one accessibility elevator, and two vent shafts.

</doc>
<doc id="18385147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385147" title="Gracie's Choice">
Gracie's Choice

"Gracie's Choice" is a 2004 television movie that premiered on Lifetime, written by Joyce Eliason and directed by Peter Werner, and starring Kristen Bell, Anne Heche, Diane Ladd, and Kristin Fairlie.
Plot.
The film follows 17-year-old Gracie (Bell) who, for as long as she can remember, has been raising her four siblings, each of whom has a different, absent father and their mother (Rowina) is on the fast track to self-destruction. When these children's lives are about to be pulled apart, Gracie first takes on temporary parental responsibility and finally seeks to gain custody of her brothers. Gracie gives up a lot for her brothers and will do anything to keep them all together as a family.
Production notes.
Inspired by actual events, the film is based on a story featured in "Reader's Digest", and is described as being "sure to touch your heart".
Reception.
"Gracie's Choice" was well received by critics, particularly praising both Bell and Heche's performances. Heche was nominated for the 2004 Emmy Award for "Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie".

</doc>
<doc id="18385157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385157" title="Üdü Ẁüdü">
Üdü Ẁüdü

Üdü Ẁüdü is the sixth studio album by French progressive rock band Magma and was released in 1976. Christian Vander later said that "Üdü Ẁüdü" could be regarded as Jannick Top's solo album, because of the number of Top's compositions on the album.
Track listing.
Source: Discogs, Seventh Records
Legacy.
Parts of this album, including the tracks "Ëmëhntëht-Rê (extrait no. 2)" and "Zombies", along with "Rinde" from album Attahk (1978), are included on the Magma composition Ëmëhntëhtt-Ré.
Bassist Bernhard Paganotti and keyboardist Patrick Gauthier formed their own Zeuhl band, Weidorje, in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18385167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385167" title="Monica Conyers">
Monica Conyers

Monica Conyers (born October 31, 1964) is a former Detroit City Council member (D) and former president pro tempore of the City Council. She was first elected to the Detroit City Council in 2005, and became its interim president in September 2008. She is the wife of U.S. Congressman John Conyers, a Democrat and Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Committee.
Conyers is the subject of an ongoing FBI investigation into political corruption in the city, and pleaded guilty to conspiring to commit bribery. On March 10, 2010, a federal judge sentenced her to 37 months in prison with an additional two years of supervised probation.
Background.
Monica Ann Esters was born in River Rouge, Michigan, on October 31, 1964. She had four brothers and one sister. She grew up with her mother in west Detroit and attended Henry Ford High School. One brother was imprisoned for robbery, another for weapons violations, and her father had a record for breaking and entering. Conyers attended the University of the District of Columbia School of Law and received a Juris Doctor. She also earned a master's in Public Administration from Central Michigan University and a bachelor of arts in Secondary Education and Political Science from Bennett College.
Before being elected to the council, she worked as both a teacher for mentally challenged teens and vice administrator for Detroit Public Schools. She married John Conyers on June 4, 1990 (she was 25, he was 61). They have two sons, John James Conyers III and Carl Edward Conyers.
At midnight on September 19, 2008, former council president Kenneth Cockrel, Jr. became mayor of Detroit following the resignation of Kwame Kilpatrick. On the same day, Monica Conyers made her full transition from president pro tem of the city council to President. She returned to being president pro tem after interim Mayor Ken Cockrel Jr. was defeated by Dave Bing in a special election held on May 5, 2009. Although Conyers initially wanted to investigate whether the city charter guarantees that position (which it does), she did not fight the position of the council's legal analyst that Cockrel would return to the position of Council President.
Positions and votes.
Conyers has sometimes made headlines for breaking with her colleagues in the Michigan Democratic Party and the city council (which consists entirely of Democrats). She was critical of the party for running ads in a mayoral race in Flint, Michigan. During the lengthy legal and political crisis of Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick, Conyers was the only member of council to vote against a resolution demanding that he resign.
Controversies.
Synagro bribery scandal.
On June 16, 2009, it was announced that Conyers had been linked to an ongoing corruption investigation in Detroit, involving alleged bribes offered by Synagro Technologies. Originally, case documents had referred only to "Council Member A" receiving bribes totaling more than $60,000 to influence passage of a contract with the city, but on June 16 the United States Attorney's Office confirmed that two Synagro representatives had named Conyers as the recipient.
Conyers was given a pre-indictment letter and offered a plea deal in the case. On June 26, 2009, Conyers was charged with conspiring to commit bribery and pleaded guilty.
Financial.
In January 2009, Detroit's General Retirement System notified Conyers that she owed $5,600 to the city, which included travel advances not spent on business class airfare to London. The pension board also claimed she hadn't submitted receipts for trips to Grand Cayman and Philadelphia.
In April 2009, one day after denying the relation, Conyers admitted she helped her brother, Reggie Esters, a convicted felon, obtain a city job that was originally to last four months, but was extended to two years, ending only when Esters' absenteeism became an issue. Esters is reported to have submitted a false resume.
Personal/professional conduct.
In February 2008, details of an exchange between Conyers and an aide to Mayor Kilpatrick, DeDan Milton, were made available through "The Detroit News". Conyers allegedly made reference to a gun in an argument with Milton. Conyers has denied the allegations. The police reports have since been withdrawn.
In April 2008, Conyers got into an argument with City Council President Ken Cockrel, Jr. during a public hearing. Cockrel reprimanded Conyers for interrupting fellow councilwoman JoAnn Watson, and Conyers then turned on Cockrel. The argument escalated until Conyers referred to Cockrel as "Shrek", after the animated film character. Cockrel tried to call for a recess, but Conyers continued hurling insults. Video of the incident exists on YouTube.
In February 2009, Conyers was involved in a confrontation with fellow councilmember Kwame Kenyatta. After Kenyatta insisted that Conyers submit in writing her request to cut his budget, Conyers insulted Kenyatta about his hearing aid, health, and lack of education. Conyers stated that Kenyatta needed to "learn how to talk a woman", to which Kenyatta replied that when he was with a woman, he will do so. Conyers then had to be restrained by a council staffer and a council security officer as she attempted to approach Kenyatta. Conyers later sent an apology letter, which was rejected by Kenyatta as, to him, it seemed insincere. Conyers subsequently said that re-election "might not be worth it" in view of the constant public criticism of her.
In February 2009, the "Detroit Free Press" editorial board opined that Conyers was no longer fit for office due to her increasingly "volatile" behavior.
In March 2009, Conyers led a group of five Detroit City Council members that blocked the transfer of ownership of Detroit Cobo Hall (the home of the North American International Auto Show) to a regional authority consisting of representatives from Wayne, Oakland and Macomb Counties. During a heated council meeting discussing the deal, she told Isaac Robinson, a white official of the Teamsters union, that most of the people that work at the show "don't look like me. They look like you." She was quick to deny any implications of racism to the media when questioned about the comments. Conyers went on to claim "Black people cannot be racist".
On June 26, 2009, Conyers pleaded guilty to accepting a bribe in the Synagro Sludge scandal. Three days later, Conyers officially resigned from the Detroit City Council, effective July 6. Her former chief of staff, Sam Riddle, faces prosecution as well; Riddle's trial has included wiretap recordings of conversations with and about Conyers, in which he describes her as "crazy." Testimony given during Riddle's trial on February 4, 2010 indicated that Conyers often left a downtown Detroit restaurant without paying for the meal; the restaurant's owner estimated that Conyers owed him about $3,000. On March 10, 2010, Conyers was sentenced to 37 months in federal prison. During the sentencing hearing, Conyers requested to withdraw her guilty plea, which the judge denied. She has since filed notice to appeal.
Prison.
Monica Conyers served just over 27 months at the Alderson Federal Prison Camp in West Virginia for her conviction in the bribery scandal. The prison is nicknamed “Camp Cupcake”. She was released on December 21, 2012 to a residential re-entry program in the Detroit area and was released to home confinement in the Detroit area on January 25, 2013. Federal Bureau of Prisons spokesman Ed Ross said Conyers earned 108 days of credit for good behavior and was released from federal custody officially on May 16, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18385169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385169" title="Vadym Deonas">
Vadym Deonas

Vadym Deonas formerly known as Vadym Vinokurov (; born 25 July 1975, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a former professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="18385178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385178" title="Age segregation">
Age segregation

Age segregation is separation of people based on their age and may be observed in many aspects of some contemporary societies.
Examples of institutionalized age segregation include age segregation in schools and age-segregated housing.
There are studies of informal age segregation among adolescents.
Age segregation in schools, age grading, or graded education is the separation of students into years of education (grades, forms) by approximately the same age.
In the United States, graded education was introduced during 1848 to 1870.
Age grading in schools has significant impact on age segregation among adolescent peer groups.

</doc>
<doc id="18385180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385180" title="Frameworks supporting the polyhedral model">
Frameworks supporting the polyhedral model

Use of the polyhedral model within a compiler requires software to represent the objects of this framework (sets of integer-valued points in regions of various spaces) and perform operations upon them (e.g., testing whether the set is empty).
For more detail about the objects and operations in this model, and an example relating the model to the programs being compiled, see the polyhedral model page.
There are many frameworks supporting the polyhedral model. Some of these frameworks use one or more libraries for
performing polyhedral operations. Others, notably Omega, combine everything in a single package.
Some commonly used libraries are the Omega Library (and a more recent fork), piplib, PolyLib, PPL, isl,
the cloog polyhedral code generator, and the barvinok library for counting integer solutions.
Of these libraries, PolyLib and PPL focus mostly on rational values, while the other libraries focus on integer values.
The polyhedral framework of gcc is called Graphite. Polly provides polyhedral optimizations for LLVM.
Common strengths.
Polyhedral frameworks are designed to support compilers techniques for analysis and transformation of codes with nested loops, producing exact results for loop nests with affine loop bounds and subscripts ("Static Control Parts" of programs). They can be used to represent and reason about "executions" (iterations) of statements, rather than treating a statement as a single object representing properties of all executions of that statement. Polyhedral frameworks typically also allow the use of symbolic expressions.
Polyhedral frameworks can be used for dependence analysis for arrays, including both traditional alias analysis and more advanced techniques such as the analysis of data flow in arrays or identification of conditional dependencies. They can also be used to represent code transformation, and provide features to generate the transformed code in a high-level language. The transformation and generation systems can typically handle imperfectly nested loops.
An example to contrast polyhedral frameworks with prior work.
To compare the constraint-based polyhedral model to prior approaches such as individual loop transformations and the unimodular approach, consider the question of whether we can parallelize (execute simultaneously) the iterations of following contrived but simple loop:
Approaches that cannot represent symbolic terms (such as the loop-invariant quantity N in the loop bound and subscript) cannot reason about dependencies in this loop. They will either conservatively refuse to run it in parallel, or in some cases speculatively run it completely in parallel, determine that this was invalid, and re-execute it sequentially.
Approaches that handle symbolic terms but represent dependencies via direction vectors or distance vectors will determine that the i loop carries a dependence (of unknown distance), since for example when N=10 iteration 0 of the loop writes an array element (A(0)) that will be read in iteration 10 (as A(10-10)) and reads an array element (A(10-0)) that will later be overwritten in iteration 10 (as A(10)). If all we know is that the i loop carries a dependence, we once again cannot safely run it in parallel.
In reality, there are only dependencies from the first N/2 iterations into the last N/2, so we can execute this loop as a sequence of two fully parallel loops (from 0...N/2 and from N/2+1...N). The characterization of this dependence, the analysis of parallelism, and the transformation of the code can be done in terms of the instance-wise information provided by any polyhedral framework.
Instance-wise analysis and transformation allows the polyhedral model to unify additional transformations (such as index set splitting, loop peeling, tiling, loop fusion or fission, and transformation of imperfectly nested loops) with those already unified by the unimodular framework (such as loop interchange, skewing, and reversal of perfectly nested loops). It has also stimulated the development of new transformations, such as Pugh and Rosser's iteration-space slicing (an instance-wise version of program slicing; note that the code was never released with the Omega Library).
A more interesting example.
Authors of polyhedral frameworks have explored the simple 1-dimensional finite difference heat equation stencil calculation expressed by the following pseudocode:
This code confounds many of the transformation systems of the 20th century,
due to the need to optimize an imperfect loop nest.
Polyhedral frameworks can analyze the flow of information among different executions of statements in the loop nest, and transform this code to simultaneously exploit scalable parallelism and scalable locality.
A re-cap here, of the two approaches on this example, might be nice, but for now see the individual papers of Wonnacott, and Sadayappan et al. as well as others who have studied this code using different frameworks, such as Song and Li.
Differences in presentation or vocabulary.
Comparison of work using different frameworks is complicated by both technical differences (discussed later) and differences in vocabulary and presentation.
Examples are provided below to aid in translation:
Classification of dependences.
Polyhedral Frameworks support dependence analysis in a variety of ways,
helping to capture the impact of symbolic terms,
identify conditional dependences,
and separating out the effects of memory aliasing.
The effects of memory aliasing, in particular, have been described in two ways:
many authors distinguish between "true" data dependences (corresponding to actual flow of information) from false dependences arising from memory aliasing or limited precision of dependence analysis.
The Omega Project publications use specific terms to identify specific effects on analysis.
They maintain the traditional distinction of flow-, output-, and anti-dependences,
based on the types of array access (write to read, write to write, or read to write, respectively).
"Dependences" can independently be classified as memory-based or value-based ---
the former corresponds to memory aliasing,
and the latter does not include dependences interrupted by intervening writes.
A "dependence test" may produce information that is exact or approximate,
depending on the nature of the program being analyzed and the algorithms used in the test.
Finally, the results of dependence analysis will be reported in a "dependence abstraction"
that provides a certain degree of precision.
For example, the "dependence relations" produced by the Omega Test,
and the "quasts" produced by the algorithms of Feautrier or Maydan and Lam,
contain precise information (though in different forms) about the loop iterations involved in a dependence.
The results of either test can be converted into the more traditional "dependence vector" form,
but since this abstraction provides less precision,
much of the information about the dependence will be lost.
Both techniques produce exact information for programs with affine control and subscript expressions,
and must approximate for many programs outside this domain (i.e., in the presence of non-affine subscripts such as index arrays).
The original work of Feautrier focused on describing "true" dependences,
which would be referred to as "exact value-based flow dependences" by the Omega Project.
The Omega Project also described the use of their algorithms for value-based output- and anti-dependences, though Feautrier's quasts could presumably be easily adapted to this as well.
Visualization of transformations and tiling.
There are many ways to produce a visual depiction of the process of transforming and tiling an iteration space.
Some authors depict transformations by changing the location of points on the page, essentially aligning the picture with the coordinate axes of the transformed space; in such diagrams, tiles appear as axis-aligned rectangles/rectangular solids containing iterations. Examples of this approach can be found in the publications and transformation-visualization software of Michelle Mills Strout.
Other authors depict different transformations as different wavefronts of execution that move across the points of the original coordinate system at different angles.
In such diagrams, tiles appear as parallelograms/parallelepipeds.
Examples of this approach can be found in the "time-skewing" publications of David G. Wonnacott.
Differences in approach or implementation status.
Some of the libraries have seen more extensive development than the Omega Library in the early 2000s, and in many places has much more sophisticated algorithms. In particular, users have reported good results with the Cloog code generator (both in terms of the code generated, and in terms of ability to control trade-offs when generating code), and with the algorithms for counting integer solutions (Alexander Barvinok's work requires a vertex description of the polytope, which is not supported in the Omega Library).
There are several other points on which the frameworks differ, specifically:
Precision and speed.
Integer programming is NP-complete, and Maydan showed that the problem of checking array aliasing in nested loops with affine bounds and subscripts is equivalent to integer programming; other operations, such as array dataflow analysis, are even more complex (the algorithms of the Omega Library handle the full language of Presburger Arithmetic, which is O(2^2^2^n)). Thus, it is clearly unrealistic to expect exact fast results for arbitrary problems of array aliasing or array data flow, even over the affine domain. Fortunately, many problems fall into a subset of this domain where general algorithms can produce an exact answer in polynomial time.
Outside of this domain, the Omega Library, piplib and isl emphasize the production of an exact result (except in the cases of certain uses of uninterpreted function symbols in Omega), despite the high complexity. In some cases, such as variable elimination ("projection"), PolyLib and PPL primarily use algorithms for the rational domain, and thus produce an approximation of the result for integer variables. It may be the case that this reduces the common experience with the Omega Library in which a minor change to one coefficient can cause a dramatic shift in the response of the library's algorithms.
Polylib has some operations to produce exact results for Z-polyhedra (integer points bounded by polyhedra), but at the time of this writing, significant bugs have been reported. Note that bugs also exist in the Omega Library, including reliance on hardware-supplied integer types and cases of the full Presburger Arithmetic algorithms that were not implemented in the library. Users who need exact results for integer variables may need to be wary with either library.
Barvinok's techniques for counting integer solutions require a description of the vertices (and bounding rays) of the polyhedron, but produce an exact answer in a way that can be far more efficient than the techniques described by Pugh. Barvinok's algorithm is always polynomial in the input size, for fixed dimension of the polytope and fixed degree of weights, whereas the "splintering" in Pugh's algorithm can grow with the coefficient values (and thus exponentially in terms of input size, despite fixed dimension, unless there is some limit on coefficient sizes).
Vertex enumeration.
Polyhedral libraries such as PolyLib and PPL exploit the double description of polyhedra and therefore naturally support
vertex enumeration on (non-parametric) polytopes.
The Omega Library internally performs vertex enumeration during the computation of the convex hull.
PolyLib and isl provide vertex enumeration on parametric polytopes, which is essential for applying Barvinok's algorithm to parametric polytopes.
Indication of an approximate result.
In some parts of a compiler, an approximate result is acceptable in certain cases. For example, when dependence analysis is used to guide loop transformation, it is generally acceptable to use a superset of the true dependencies—this can prevent an optimization but does not allow illegal code transformations. When the Omega Library produces an approximate answer, the answer is appropriately marked as an upper bound (e.g., via "and UNKNOWN") or a lower bound (e.g., via "or UNKNOWN"). Answers not marked this way are exact descriptions of sets of integer-valued points (except in cases of bugs in the software).
Handling nonlinear terms.
When code contains a mixture of affine and non-affine terms, polyhedral libraries can, in principle, be used to produce approximate results, for example by simply omitting such terms when it is safe to do so. In addition to providing a way to flag such approximate results, the Omega Library allows restricted uses of "Uninterpreted Function Symbols" to stand in for any nonlinear term, providing a system that slightly improves the result of dependence analysis and (probably more significantly) provides a language for communication about these terms (to drive other analysis or communication with the programmer). Pugh and Wonnacott discussed a slightly less restricted domain than that allowed in the library, but this was never implemented (a description exists in Wonnacott's dissertation).
Transitive closure operation.
Some kinds of analysis, such as Pugh and Rosser's iteration space slicing, can be most easily stated in terms of the transitive closure of the dependence information. Both the Omega Library and isl provide a transitive closure operation that is exact for many cases that arise in programs with simple dependence patterns. In other cases, the Omega Library produces a subset of the transitive closure, while isl produces a superset.
In the case of the Omega Library, the subset itself may be approximate, resulting in an upper bound (tagged) of a lower bound (not tagged) of the transitive closure. Note that the computation of an exact transitive closure is undecidable.

</doc>
<doc id="18385215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385215" title="Xinzhuang Station (Taipei Metro)">
Xinzhuang Station (Taipei Metro)

The Taipei Metro Xinzhuang Station is a station on the Xinzhuang Line located in Xinzhuang District, New Taipei, Taiwan. The station opened for service on January 5, 2012.
Station overview.
This two-level, underground station has an island platform. It is located beneath the intersection of Zhongzheng Rd. and Zhonghua Rd., in front of Xinzhuang Junior High School. It was scheduled to open in March 2012 along with most of the Xinzhuang Line, but opened earlier for service on January 5, 2012.
Construction.
Excavation depth for this station was . It is in length and wide. The platform is long. It has two entrances, two accessibility elevators, and two vent shafts. One of the entrances and vent shafts is integrated into the planned Health Center building.
Design.
The theme for the station is "Flying Silk-Weaving Future".

</doc>
<doc id="18385216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385216" title="Marié Digby discography">
Marié Digby discography

The following is a discography for Marié Digby.

</doc>
<doc id="18385227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385227" title="Hubley Manufacturing Company">
Hubley Manufacturing Company

The Hubley Manufacturing Company produced a wide range of cast-iron toys, doorstops, and bookends. Toys, particularly motor vehicles, were also produced in zinc alloy and plastic. The company is probably most well known for its detailed 1:25 scale metal kits of 1930s cars. For a time, Hubley participated with Detroit automakers as a plastic promotional model maker. Many Hubley toys are now sought-after collectibles.
History.
The Hubley Manufacturing Company was first incorporated in 1894 in Lancaster, Pennsylvania by John Hubley. The first Hubley toys appeared in 1909 and were made of cast-iron, with styles that ranged from horse-drawn vehicles and different breeds of dogs, to tractors and guns (Smitsonian Institution, website). Hubley's series of motorcycles were also creative and included sidecars and ones hooked to delivery vans that said, "Say it with flowers" on the sides. Starting around 1940, the company shifted to diecast zinc alloy molding (Johnson 1998, p. 96). Household objects such as doorstops and bookends were also produced. Automobiles, trucks and airplanes later became Hubley's main focus.
Hubley's casting process involved several steps. For a particular toy, bookend, or doorstop, metalworkers would first carve a wood form, or hammer out the basic design in metal. Pressing this form into finely compacted sand created an impression for molding. Cast iron heated to 3000 degrees was poured into the sand mold and, when cooled, the form would pop out. Rough edges would be filed away and the mold ready for mass production casting. Painters applied a base coat (usually white or cream but sometimes black) to cast figures whether toys or doorstops. Then, colorists used a variety of hues highlighting important details (Collectics.com). 
By about 1960, different lines were introduced to distinguish toys for younger folk from products for older hobbyists. In fact, the company suddenly tried to compete with a variety of market segments all at the same time, pitting itself against other metal kid's toy maker, kit manufacturers, and British diecast producers. In 1965 was acquried by the Lido Toy Company (Wall Street Journal, August 5, 1965).
The company also dabbled in plastic promotional models. Hubley offerings may have represented too broad of a competitive brushstroke, however, as the company was pretty much out of business by the mid-1970s.
Cars, trucks and other vehicles.
The Hubley Manufacturing Company made accurate metal replicas of many popular American cars and trucks, with some foreign models also represented. Construction, farm, and fire vehicles were commonly produced, as well as motorcycles. A couple of earlier examples were a detailed 1934 Chrysler Airflow, a 1934 Ford coupe, and a 1930s Studebaker. In good condition, Hubley's 1937 Lincoln Zephyr pulling a trailer can bring in several hundred dollars (see O'Brien, 1994 for a more detailed history of Hubley vehicles). Up through the 1950s, the emphasis was on children's toys, though some of these so-called "toys" could be fairly sophisticated, like the eleven and a half inch long Indian 'crash car' cast iron motorcycle complete with parts and accessories, or a fairly complex tow truck. 
Hubley made simple diecast metal toys all the way through the 1970s. One popular toy was a late 1940s (or perhaps pre-war) Cadillac sedan that sometimes came decorated as a taxi. Another common vehicle up through the 1970s was the 1934 Ford coupe.
Classic metal kits.
About 1960, however, a change occurred as Hubley became known for its detailed metal car kits, which were unique in a market of dominantly plastic offerings. Hubley even set up its Scale Model Division for these products. These metal kits, normally issued in 1:25 scale, were more expensive than plastic models, and, when finished, were quite heavy. Complexity in detail was often seen - with opening hoods, doors, moving phaeton panels, and detailed engines and chassis. 
Perhaps because of the complexity of casting a metal model, Hubley's range of marques for the kits was not that wide - basically a Ford Model A, a Packard, a Chevrolet, and a Duesenberg. The small range was made up for, though, in the number of variations for each car model. For example, there were 7 Ford Model A body styles alone, including a Sedan, Station Wagon, Coupe, Roadster, Roadster Pickup, Victoria, and Phaeton. The 1932 Chevrolet kit was made in phaeton, roadster, and coupe versions. Another venerable model was the 1930 Packard, offered in Sport Phaeton, Dietrich, Roadster, Victoria, and Boat-tail variations, while the Duesenberg SJ was available in a couple of styles. Completing a Hubley model required a bit more dedication from the modeler as metal parts sometimes had to be filed and sanded in preparation for painting, and it was recommended screw holes all be pre-tapped (Gibson 1970, p. 15). In the later 1960s, Hubley kits were sold under the Gabriel brand name.
Real Toys.
Another direction around 1960, was Hubley's pre-assembled Real Toys line (called Real Types in Canada). These cars were about 1:50 scale and measured approximately 3 inches long (Johnson, p. 96). Real Toys generally had no interiors, but detail and body proportions were spot-on. Though these were a bit smaller, the competition seemed to be British Corgi and Dinky Toys. Wheels were simple metal discs with axle hubs sticking through. Tires were rubber. 
One model was a stately 1958 Chrysler Imperial, usually painted dark green. A more practical offering was the 1960 Chevrolet Corvair. Another, the 1958 Ford Fairlane sedan sheriff's car (decorated from "San Juan County"), had great front grille and side detail, The round police light was a diecast metal piece attached to the roof as opposed to red plastic pieces protruding through holes in roofs on other toy brands. A Chevrolet soft drinks truck advertised "Sam's Soft Drinks" and a metro delivery van was also available in different liveries.
Kits and promotionals.
From about 1959 to about 1962, Hubley got into making plastic models in about 1:24 scale, just a tad larger than the standard 1:25. Some of these were more toy-like and made assembled for the retail market, for example a Rolls-Royce Silver Cloud, a Mercedes-Benz 180 roadster, a Triumph TR-3, and a Renault Dauphine. The Renault featured a realistic sliding 'moon roof'. "3 in 1" and "4 in 1" plastic kits were also offered for most of these. Whether the built models were actually used by the foreign companies as 'promos' is uncertain, but it would have been a different angle for an American company as none of the other American plastic model makers made promotionals for anything but domestic automakers. 
Also in plastic, Hubley did make contracted promotional models, cars very similar to those made by AMT, Jo-Han, or PMC. Hubley's angle was unique in contracting particular models that other promo manufacturers did not, or could not, get contracts for. While AMT or Jo-Han focused on sportier two-doors and convertibles, Hubley promotionals were a bit different, featuring station wagon and four-door configurations, or independent manufacturers not represented by the other model makers. For example, one of the cuter promos ever done - by any company - was the Austin powered 1960 American Motors Nash Metropolitan. The Metropolitan was made in a couple of two-tone color schemes - similar to the real car. A polybagged and simpler version of the Metropolitan was also made for the retail toy market. 
A more conventional promo line by Hubley were the full-size Ford wagon and sedan series starting in 1960, a niche not covered by AMT. The 1960 Ford wagon, molded in powder blue, was apparently a contract wrestled away from PMC which had the Country Wagon and Ranchero contract for 1959. Hubley continued offering a full-size Ford wagon and sedan for the 1961 model year, but apparently only made a wagon for 1962. Hubley's promotional offerings could have been the arrow that killed PMC as a promotional producer, since PMC's 1959 models were its last. 
The 1960 Ford was made of cellulose acetate which tended to warp - but the 1961 and 1962 models were made of styrene, so body shapes were better preserved. Body details were just as good as AMT or Jo-Han. Hubley promo chassis detail was not quite as elaborate as AMT or MPC for the 1960 model, but it was better than Jo-Han's 'smooth slab' chassis which had no detail at all. For the 1961 and 1962 versions, more chassis detail was added as well as many specifications and ad slogans, similar to AMT models. 
All the Ford wagon years were available either in solid-color, two-tone paint with the roof painted a different color than the body, or with "wood panel" vinyl siding popular on many period upscale wagons. For example the 1960 Ford Country wagon was available normally in a solid powder blue, a powder blue with wood siding, or a medium green with a brownish gold roof.
Aircraft.
Hubley produced a wide range of airplanes, often reproducing actual military aircraft with good detail. Like the automobiles, Hubley aircraft were manufactured from multiple pieces which were usually put together with screws. They had moving wheels and guns, and sometimes retractable landing gear. The wheels were often manufactured of rubber.
A Hubley plane from the 1930s was the Lindberg-style Ford Tri-power. A double rotor Sikorsky helicopter was also made. Post World War II, nice replicas of the Curtis P-40 Warhawk and the Lockheed P-38 Lightning fighters were made, which averaged eight-to-nine inches long. A Hubley toy line during the 1960s was "Kiddie Toys". One of the more popular of these looked like a P-47 Republic Thunderbolt, but with an open cockpit and upward folding wings like an F4U Corsair. This plane came in a variety of bright colors, and had spring-loaded retractable landing gear with thick rubber wheels. The landing gear body covers were unpainted metal and not fuselage or wing color. Often planes and cars were available in gift sets.
Overdiversification?
Perhaps Hubley's diversification in the 1960s overtaxed its profits, weakening it financially by the 1970s. Hubley was purchased by toy maker Gabriel about 1969 and continued to make its regular kits and diecast kids toys through the 1970s. A series of generic make diecast toy trucks were available in a variety of forms (dump truck, tow truck, etc.) up until about 1980. Gradually, the Hubley name was downplayed in favor of Gabriel. 
Around 1980, Hubley was acquired by CBS Toys which later sold many dies to Ertl and Scale Models, both of Dyersville, Iowa. For example, the Hubley Ford 4000 tractor was reproduced by Scale Models, up through the 1990s and perhaps later (Scale Models 2010). In the 1990s, some Hubley vehicles like the school bus, were also reissued with minor variations from the original casting.
Ertl has now stopped production of all of the original toy dies and molds purchased from Hubley. As a result, all remaining Hubley/Ertl metal kits are fairly rare. They can be purchased from auction web sites as well as from collectors and older hobby stores.

</doc>
<doc id="18385243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385243" title="Sheraton Indianapolis City Centre">
Sheraton Indianapolis City Centre

Sheraton Indianapolis City Centre, formerly known as the Radisson Hotel City Centre, is a high-rise hotel in Indianapolis, Indiana. The hotel was originally operated as the Hilton on the Circle.

</doc>
<doc id="18385272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385272" title="Kafoumba Coulibaly">
Kafoumba Coulibaly

Kafoumba Coulibaly (born October 26, 1985 in Côte d'Ivoire) is an Ivorian footballer.
Career.
Coulibaly, a defensive midfielder, began his career at the much famed Ivorian club ASEC Abidjan in their youth academy run by former French international Jean-Marc Guillou. In 2004 he followed the well-trodden path from his homeland club to Belgian Jupiler League side K.S.K. Beveren, before spending time playing in Thailand for first Chonburi FC then BEC Tero. In 2007 he moved to French Ligue 2 outfit SC Bastia, and after an impressive debut season in the French league he was signed by Côte d'Azur based Ligue 1 outfit OGC Nice, joining his compatriot, and former Ivorian international Emerse Faé. On August 26, 2012, Coulibaly signed three-year contract with Turkish Süper Lig club Kasımpaşa S.K..
International career.
He is part of the Ivorian squad for the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, China.
On 22 June 2008 he was part of the senior Ivorian squad for the 2010 World Cup qualifier against Botswana, but was an unused substitute, as the Elephants ran out 4–0 winners. Finally, he received his first cap in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Mozambique on 7 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18385276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385276" title="Fair Ain't Fair">
Fair Ain't Fair

"Fair Ain't Fair" is Tim Fite's second studio album released on ANTI- Records. As with Gone Ain't Gone, Fite created this album with a mixture of real instrumentation and sampling, resulting in a sound composed of rock, folk and hip hop elements.
Franz Nicolay, of The Hold Steady, listed the album among his favourite albums of 2008.
Track listing.
All songs written by T. Sullivan, except "Harriet Tubman" (T. Sullivan/C. Lind)

</doc>
<doc id="18385309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385309" title="Artem Starhorodskyi">
Artem Starhorodskyi

Artem Serhiyovych Starhorodskyi (born 17 January 1982 in Kiev, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Shakhtyor Salihorsk in the Belarusian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="18385310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385310" title="2003–04 Bundesliga (women)">
2003–04 Bundesliga (women)

The Bundesliga (women) 2003–04 was the 14th season of the Bundesliga (women), Germany's premier football league. It began on 17 August 2003 and ended on 13 June 2004.
1. FFC Turbine Potsdam won its first national championship. The deciding match for the season's title happened on the last match day, when leading Potsdam met Frankfurt, who stood unbeaten in place 2. Frankfurt needed a win to surpass Potsdam, but failed to do so, receiving their only defeat that season with a 2–7.
Final standings.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="18385323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385323" title="Khalnazar Agakhanov">
Khalnazar Agakhanov

Khalnazar Agakhanov (, ) (25 February 1952–29 June 2013) was a politician and diplomat of the Republic of Turkmenistan. He served as the ambassador to Kazakhstan (1999–2000), Russia (2000–2012), Bulgaria (2009–2012), Germany and Latvia (2012 until his death). Agakhanov died from cancer in Berlin on 29 June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18385330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385330" title="French flush-cut saw">
French flush-cut saw

A French flush-cut saw is a double-edged tool, similar to a veneer saw, that is designed for trimming the ends of dowels, tenons, and other protusions flush with a surface. The blade usually has 11 teeth per inch on one side, and 20 teeth per inch on the other side, making it more versatile than other flush-cutting saws. The blade is approximately 6 inches long, and in order to avoid marring the surface, the saw teeth are angled slightly upward.

</doc>
<doc id="18385340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385340" title="Leo Long">
Leo Long

Leo Evan Long is a former competitive American javelin thrower and track and field coach.
Early life and competitive career.
Long grew up in Nyssa, Oregon, where he was a track star in the javelin at Nyssa High School. He attended Stanford University, where he was the individual javelin champion at the 1954 NCAA Men's Outdoor Track and Field Championship.
Coaching career.
After earning a bachelor's degree from Stanford University and a master's degree from the Stanford Graduate School of Education, Long was hired as a track coach at Los Altos High School in 1956, coaching at the school from 1956–1963 and again from 1969–1981. During his tenure, the school won 15 league titles, two section championships, and a boys' California state championship in 1970. Long also coached 11 individual state champions, and three discus national record holders: Bob Stoecker, Chris Adams, and Scott Overton. He also coached the Pakistan Olympic team in 1958 and the Sudan Olympic team in 1960.
Legacy.
Long is a member of the Stanford Athletic Hall of Fame. In 2008, Los Altos High School renamed its track in his honor. He lives in Lincoln, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18385344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385344" title="Ol' Man Adam an' His Chillun">
Ol' Man Adam an' His Chillun

Ol’ Man Adam an’ His Chillun is a collection of folk tales written by Roark Bradford and published in the United Kingdom and the United States in 1928. The book was later adapted for a play and film by Marc Connelly.

</doc>
<doc id="18385382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385382" title="Valeriy Zavarov">
Valeriy Zavarov

Valeriy Zavarov (; born 16 August 1988) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Obolon Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League. He is the son of the famous Dynamo Kyiv and Soviet Union international footballer Oleksandr Zavarov. Valeriy joined Arsenal Kyiv while his father was the head coach there. However, when Oleksandr was fired, Valeriy was also dismissed from the club, and joined Obolon Kyiv. FC Obolon Kyiv dissolved itself in February 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18385414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385414" title="Adrian Mifsud">
Adrian Mifsud

Adrian Mifsud (born 11 December 1974 in Rabat, Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Second Division side Rabat Ajax, where he plays as a striker.

</doc>
<doc id="18385415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385415" title="Tees Valley Giants">
Tees Valley Giants

The Tees Valley Giants was intended as a £15 million series of five art installations by sculptor Anish Kapoor and structural designer Cecil Balmond. The artwork was planned to be created in the towns of Darlington, Hartlepool, Middlesbrough, Redcar and Stockton on Tees in the Tees Valley area of England. The project was launched in July 2008 by Tees Valley Regeneration. If completed, the project would become the world's biggest public art project.
The structures.
Five structures were planned: however only one, Temenos, has been unveiled.
Temenos.
Temenos was the first sculpture for the Tees Valley Giants project to be announced. It is approximately 110 m long and 50 m high and cost £2.7 million. The steel structure consists of a pole, a circular ring and an oval ring, all held together by steel wire. 
The structure is situated in the Middlehaven area of Middlesbrough, close to where the Transporter bridge is located; construction work started in autumn 2008, was completed by spring 2010, and officially presented to the people of Middlesbrough on June 10, 2010. The name 'Temenos' comes from the Ancient Greek (τέμενος < τέμνω, temno, to cut) term for land cut off and assigned as an official domain, especially to kings and chiefs, or a piece of land marked off from common uses and dedicated to a god, a sanctuary, holy grove or holy precinct. 
Temenos was funded by the Government Initiative, The Northern Way, the regional development agency One NorthEast, the Arts Council England, the Northern Rock Foundation, Middlesbrough Football Club and BioRegional Quintain.
Other structures.
The other four structures were never formally announced, and in June 2012, the BBC revealed that plans for them had been put on hold: it currently seems unlikely that funding for them will be secured.

</doc>
<doc id="18385422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385422" title="Pleistodontes">
Pleistodontes

Pleistodontes is a genus of fig wasps native to Australia and New Guinea, with one species ("P. claviger") from Java. Fig wasps have an obligate mutualism with the fig species they pollinate. "Pleistodontes " pollinates species in section "Malvathera" of the "Ficus" subgenus "Urostigma".
In their revision of the Australian members of the genus, Carlos Lopez-Vaamonde and coauthors expressed the opinion that "P. claviger" did not belong in the genus.

</doc>
<doc id="18385423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385423" title="GGM">
GGM

GGM may refer to:
Godfrey Godfrey Mariki - Tanzanian Celebrity, born 1995 - Living
Gabriel García Márquez - Colombian writer, 1982 Nobel Prize in Literature
George Gordon Meade - A Union Major General during the American Civil War.
Goodness Gracious Me (disambiguation) - multiple uses
Generic group model - Cryptographic model that abstracts from concrete representations of an algebraic group.
Gordon Growth Model - Method of valuing stock
Galaxy Gang Music LLC-St.Louis,MO based Indie record label founded by Indie Artist/CEO and St.Louis,MO native, Jamahl Arnold,also known by former stage name Lukkey(lucky),now goes by King Lukkey),whos' resume' includes turning down a major label recording contract with Capitol Records LLC at 14 years old,numerous meetings with Jive Records executives and most recently in talks with Konvict Music LLC A&R's,and founder Akon. This artist has toured the Midwest,South and East Coast,turning in a EPK the likes of Mega celebrities,opening for the likes of artist such as Young Jeezy,Rocko,T-Pain,Jody Breeze and Pleasure P. Hailed by many insiders as an "Industry secret",he now looks to have taken over the reigns to his career by going the Independent route in starting his own Label,and if his past is any resemblance of his future and what it holds,its sure to be a bright one.

</doc>
<doc id="18385425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385425" title="The Missing Link (Rage album)">
The Missing Link (Rage album)

The Missing Link is the seventh full-length album released by the heavy metal band Rage in 1993. The album was remastered by Noise/Sanctuary in 2002 with five bonus tracks, three of them are from the EP "Refuge". 

</doc>
<doc id="18385435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385435" title="Yaroslav Zakharevych">
Yaroslav Zakharevych

Yaroslav Zakharevych (; born 24 September 1989 in Kyiv, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who last played for FC Obolon Kyiv. FC Obolon Kyiv dissolved itself in February 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="18385444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385444" title="Donald Worden">
Donald Worden

Donald Worden is a retired Baltimore Police Department detective who was featured in David Simon's non-fiction book about the homicide unit, "".
Worden, a native of Baltimore's Hampden neighborhood joined the department in 1962, and had worked in the department's Northwestern district before becoming a Homicide Detective. He was featured as a veteran member of Sergeant Terry McLarney's Homicide squad working under Shift Lieutenant Gary D'Addario. Worden was nicknamed The Big Man and provided the inspiration for the "" character Stanley Bolander, played by Ned Beatty.

</doc>
<doc id="18385446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385446" title="A Frames (band)">
A Frames (band)

A Frames is a postpunk, noise rock band formed in Seattle, Washington in 1999. The trio consists of Erin Sullivan, Min Yee and Thomas Northcut. The band was called Bend Sinister from 1996 to 1999. A Frames cites Cows, Scientists, Stick Men With Ray Guns, Scratch Acid, Joy Division, and 60's garage rock among its influences. A Frames started its own label, Dragnet Records, in January 2000 in order to release their music, and later the band signed with Sub Pop Records in 2004 for the release of "Black Forest". In 2006, original drummer Lars Finberg left the band to focus full-time on The Intelligence, a band in which both Min and Erin have played bass at various points.
Musical style.
A Frames sing about technology and apocalyptic cultural shifts, although many of the lyrics and themes are meant to be humorous. The band's style has also been described as experimental noise as the vocals are dark, monotone and bleak while the sound is aggressive. The drum beat is often mechanical and pounding, producing a raw, minimalistic sound. The sloppy, chaotic and sharp chords, however, are kept in line by the ever-steady rhythm.

</doc>
<doc id="18385452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385452" title="Suvisaaristo">
Suvisaaristo

Suvisaaristo (Finnish) or Sommaröarna (Swedish) is a maritime district in Espoo, Finland, districts number 451 and 452, and an archipelago in the Gulf of Finland, directly in front of a peninsula in Soukka, in the southwestern corner of Espoo.
Inhabitants of Suvisaaristo have always been an active people, and there are nine registered communities on the islands, the most numerous of which are the yacht club ESF, the canoe club Canoa, the youth club SViE, the local free fire brigade, and the district inhabitant community Sommarö Society, whose work resulted in Suvisaaristo getting its own water cooperative in 1999, after the city of Espoo refused to pay the costs of a water network, because of the expenses resulting from such a loosely populated district. The network was implemented with a new technology, a pressurised sewer, which is more ecological than the traditional solution.
The Uusimaa region council chose Suvisaaristo as the Uusimaa Village of the Year in 2007.
The YTV regional bus line 145 goes to the end of Suvisaaristontie one or two times every hour. A local shop can be found a hundred metres after the Suvisaaristo bridge on the right-hand side, and on the way in Skatan there is a gas station for boaters in summertime.
In summertime, there are Espoo tour boats between Suvisaaristo and the continental strait of Suinonsalmi (Swedish Svinösund).
History.
Originally, Suvisaaristo consisted of three farms, Stor-Svinö, Lill-Svinö and Moisö. At times in history, they have been abandoned because of poverty or uncertain times, but at times they have been relatively wealthy. In the 1571 census, both Svinö farms had six cows and two horses each. Moisö had five cows, one calf and one horse. These animals outnumbered any of those of the peasants in Matinkylä. An explanation for the wealth is that the Suvisaaristo farms were traditionally allowed to pay their taxes in seal fat and their land rent to the King's manor in salted herring.
The peasants in the islands bought their farms as their own in 1825, and in the early 1920s the farms were combined as one. The islands, without a bridge at that point, had about ten fishing houses, and for a certain reason, during prohibition they could afford to buy the houses as their own and build spacious villas to rent to Helsinkians. In the 1920s, the islands were accessed with island steam boats and motorised passenger boats. One steam ship, the "SS Sommaröarna", was registered to the islands, but it was soon sold away as unprofitable. In the 1930s, the islands got electricity and telephone connections, and in 1936, bridges were built to Svinö and Ramsö, which started regular bus traffic. The bridges were renewed and widened to two lanes in 1976.
Income.
The main sources of income on the islands have traditionally been island hobbies, fishing, hunting, and small-scale farming, and the islands hosted many well-reputed carpenters, rock sculptors and axe workers. The host of Stor-Svinö in the 1880s was also a boat captain. Previously, the farms had on occasion a duty to act as pilots, and were obliged to host a few waterway markers. In the 1950s, Suvisaaristo had six boat yards, three of which built boats, and all of which serviced and repaired boats and engines. On the islands that were still without a bridge at that point, six families had fishing as their main source of income, and on the islands that had bridges, three families, all of which depended upon service of boats. The last professional fisher retired in the 1980s, and there are still two boat yards in operation, one of which is owned by a native archipelagan. In the premises of one boat yard was a plastic factory in the 1950s through the 1970s. The last horse of Moisö, Frelinde, was put to pastures beyond in 1952, and the cows, Utta and Popsi, received a grace period of 5 to 10 years. Until the 1960s, there was a rental farmer in the Lill-Svinö farm house, who kept a couple of cows. A few of the axe workers also had had their own horse to help in the transport. For a few years, the Svinö farm kept sheep in summertime as shareowner activity, and Moisö had an active henhouse until the end of the 1970s. At their most, there were three shops, and the islands got their own post office in the 1970s, but it was closed down after a few years, when the post was in troubled times.
Population, buildings and infrastructure.
In the 1950s, the all-year population of Suvisaaristo numbered fifty households, and except for two people, the entire population was native Swedish-speaking. Today, Suvisaaristo is home to three hundred households (445 people in 1995), of which less than 40% are native Swedish-speaking. The buildings have, because of a long-time ban on new construction (in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s, because of incomplete urban planning) remained on a reasonable scale, although for example there are only a couple of the buildings built in the 19th century left, including the Pentala fishing stead's shore storage house, the Munkholmen villa and the Moisö cow house. In the 1990s, prices of lots climbed very high, and new buildings are today also similarly expensive. On the main islands, there is scarcely any summer population any more, but on the outer islands, there are a few summer cabins still in use. In 2008, only one family still lives all year round on an island without a road connection.
Islands.
Other islands.
The archipelago also includes about forty islands without a road connection, for example Alskär.

</doc>
<doc id="18385476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385476" title="Chinese Mathematical Society">
Chinese Mathematical Society

The Chinese Mathematical Society (Chinese: 中国数学会) is an academic organization for Chinese mathematicians. It is a member of China Association of Science and Technology. 
History.
The Chinese Mathematical Society (CMS) was founded in July 1935 in Shanghai. The inaugural conference was held in the library of Shanghai Jiao Tong University on July 25, and 33 attended the meeting. Its founding members included Hu Dunfu, Feng Zuxun, Zhou Meiquan, Jiang Lifu, Xiong Qinglai, Chen Jiangong, Su Buqing, Jiang Zehan, Qian Baozong, and Fu Zhongsun. The society published academic journal "Journal of Chinese Mathematical Society", and a math promoting magazine, "Mathematics Magazine". In 1952 and 1953, these two journals was renamed "Acta Mathematica Sinica", and "Mathematics Letters". 
After formation, the office of CMS was located in China Science Society in 533 Ya'erpei Rd (now, South Shaaxi Rd) in Shanghai. After establishment of the People's Republic of China, the Society was moved to Institute of Mathematics of Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing. Currently, CMS is affiliated to the Institute of Mathematics and System Science of CAS. 
Chinese Mathematical Society held 1st to 4th national conferences in August 1951, February 1960, November 1978, and October 1983, and in the cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu and Wuhan, respectively. Hua Luogeng was the president of first three conferences. In the 4th conference, Hua Luogeng, Su Buqing, Jiang Zehan, Wu Daren and Ke Zhao were elected honorary presidents. The presidents of 4th to 8th conferences were Wu Wenjun, Wang Yuan, Yang Le, Zhang Gongqing and Ma Zhiming.
CMS 50th anniversary conference was held in Shanghai in December 1985. Zhou Peiyuan and Zhou Guangzhao attended and delivered speeches. World-renowned mathematicians Shiing-shen Chern and Henri Cartan were also invited. In May 1995, the CMS 7th National Conference & 60 Anniversary Conference was held in Beijing. Zhu Guangya and Lu Yongxiang attended, and Shiing-shen Chern and Shing-Tung Yau were invited to give research talks.
In 2012 the Working Committee for Women in Mathematics, Chinese Mathematical Society (WCWM-CMS) was founded; it is a national non-profit academic organization in which female mathematicians who are engaged in research, teaching, and applications of mathematics can share their scientific research through academic exchanges both in China and abroad. It is a branch of the Chinese Mathematical Society. 
Currently the Society has members of over 50,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18385478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385478" title="Adam West (soccer)">
Adam West (soccer)

Thomas Adam West (born May 7, 1986 in Gig Harbor, Washington) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Seattle Sounders FC U-23 in the USL Premier Development League.
Career.
Youth and College.
West attended Bellarmine Preparatory School where he played on the 2004 Washington State championship soccer team (voted National Champions). He was All State that season. In 2004, he entered the University of Washington, playing on the Huskies soccer team for two seasons.
Professional.
In the spring of 2007, West tried out for the Seattle Sounders of the USL First Division, who offered him a contract in April. West won the 2007 USL First Division championship with the Sounders, and played in 29 games during his two years with the club.
In the fall of 2007, West also played with the Milwaukee Wave of the Major Indoor Soccer League. 
Seattle Sounders FC released West before the inaugural season. Having been unable to secure a professional contract, he subsequently signed with Tacoma Tide of the USL Premier Development League for the 2009 season.
West signed with USSF Division 2 club Rochester Rhinos on February 16, 2010 where the Rhinos won the regular season title. He then signed with Fort Lauderdale Strikers of the North American Soccer League on February 24, 2011 where the Strikers made it to the NASL championship game, but fell short in the final leg. He left the club after the conclusion of the 2011 season.
In 2012 West joined with the newly promoted club, FC Edmonton of the NASL. Becoming the regular at left back by the season's start, injuries held West back to only 10 appearances for the year. The team struggled in the absence of West finishing at the bottom of the table for the year. In 2013, West played in his hometown with the Seattle Sounders FC U-23 in the PDL. Two games into the season West suffered a torn acl and is scheduled to miss the rest of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="18385481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385481" title="Trevor Cilia">
Trevor Cilia

Trevor Cilia (born 2 January 1983 in Pietà, Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Floriana, where he plays as a midfielder. Trevor Cilia was part of the 2009–2010 team for Birkirkara, where Birkirkara were crowned champions of the Maltese Premier League for their third time ever in the club's history.
Playing Career.
Trevor is a Floriana Product whose debut with the 'Greens' was in the Premier League of 2000 at the age of 17. Trevor spent eight successful years with the 'Greens' and, with 135 appearances managed to score 21 goals.
In the Summer Transfer Market of 2008, Trevor was the main target of several main clubs including Birkirkara and it was the 'Stripes' who won Trevor's signature for two years. The 2008–2009 season was not the best for Trevor, as due to his position of retire role of a right back, Trevor could not show off his skills in his favoured position. Although not playing in his favorite position, Trevor still managed to score two goals.
Season 2009–2010 was a special one for Cilia as he was one of the most dangerous strikers of the season. With his daring runs on the wing, Trevor established himself as an important player in the squad. During this season, besides making a good number of assists, he has managed to rank as the 3rd best club scorer with 13 goals. Cilia won his first ever Premier League title in 2010 when, on the 5th May he had the joy of lifting the cup for the first time. 
In June 2010, 'il-Bazzaz' as he is known among his team mates and numerous fans, extended his stay with Birkirkara by another three years and was the first player to sign the new contract meaning that Trevor shall be wearing the yellow and red shirt, at least until the end of 2012–2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18385496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385496" title="Michigan Promise Scholarship">
Michigan Promise Scholarship

The Michigan Promise Scholarship was a merit-based scholarship program in the state of Michigan that provided up to $4,000 towards post-secondary education at any approved Michigan institution to qualifying Michigan high school graduates. The full amount was reserved for students attending at least two-year programs.
History.
In 1999, Michigan legislature enacted in Public Act 94 the Michigan Merit Award. Designed to benefit graduating seniors between 2000 and 2006, it granted up to $3,000.00 to students who performed exceptionally well on the Michigan Educational Assessment Program tests. On December 21, 2006, Governor Granholm signed Public Act 479 establishing the Michigan Promise Scholarship to replace that award.
Eligibility.
Students were eligible to receive the scholarship if they had taken the entire Michigan Merit Examination (MME) in their junior or senior year of high school and received at least a score of Level 1 or Level 2 on all components. The scholarship was dispersed in installments, with $1,000.00 available at the start of each of the first and second years and the balance payable after completion of the second year. In order to maintain eligibility, a student's GPA at the approved institution couldn't drop below 2.5. If the program a student attended didn't assign grades, the student had to provide proof of having successfully completed the program.
Current State.
The State of Michigan discontinued the Michigan Promise Scholarship until further notice due to lack of funding. 

</doc>
<doc id="18385498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385498" title="Oscar Peterson et Joe Pass à Salle Pleyel">
Oscar Peterson et Joe Pass à Salle Pleyel

Oscar Peterson et Joe Pass à Salle Pleyel is a 1975 (see 1975 in music) live album by Oscar Peterson, featuring Joe Pass.

</doc>
<doc id="18385507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385507" title="Abdulmajid Dostiev">
Abdulmajid Dostiev

Abdulmajid Salimovich Dostiev (, ) (born 1946) is a Tajikistan politician and diplomat.
Born in Bokhtar District in 1946, Dostiev served in the Soviet Army from 1966 until 1968 before pursuing a career in agriculture. Dostiev worked on a kolkhoz (communal farm) and went on to study entomology at the Agricultural University of Tajikistan, graduating in 1974. In 1977 he became the chief agronomist at the Qurghonteppa Department of Agriculture, and in 1980 he became head of that department.
In 1992, as the Soviet Union collapsed, Dostiev joined the Sitodi Melli (Popular Front), an armed militia, becoming secretary of the regional executive committee, and in November of that year was appointed to the Tajik Supreme Soviet as first deputy. The next year he founded the People's Party of Tajikistan (now the People's Democratic Party of Tajikistan), serving as chair until 1998.
In 1995 he was elected to the Supreme Assembly ("Majlisi Oli"), and in 1996 he was appointed deputy chair of the assembly, a position he held for four years. He also served as deputy of the Commission for National Reconciliation in 1997. In 2000, he was elected to the assembly's lower chamber, where he served as deputy parliamentary chair. 
Since December 2006, he has been the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Tajikistan to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18385508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385508" title="John Wood (millowner)">
John Wood (millowner)

John Wood of Marsden came to Glossop from Manchester in 1819 and bought existing woollen mills which he expanded. These were the Howard Town mills. In 1825, John Wood installed the first steam engine and power looms. The Howardtown Mills became the largest spinning weaving combine in Glossop, and with Wren's Nest, and Waterside Mills, Hadfield dominated the Derbyshire cotton industry. 

</doc>
<doc id="18385509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385509" title="2002–03 Bundesliga (women)">
2002–03 Bundesliga (women)

The Bundesliga (women) 2002–03 was the 13th season of the Bundesliga (women), Germany's premier football league. It began on 25 August 2002 and ended on 15 June 2003.
Final standings.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="18385510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385510" title="1-2-3 (Gloria Estefan and Miami Sound Machine song)">
1-2-3 (Gloria Estefan and Miami Sound Machine song)

"1-2-3" (sometimes listed as "1, 2, 3") is a popular song by Gloria Estefan and her former band, Miami Sound Machine. It was written by Estefan and former band member Enrique "Kiki" Garcia and appears on the multi-platinum album "Let It Loose".
Released as the fifth and final single from that album in the late summer of 1988, "1-2-3" peaked at #3 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, and the band's seventh Top 10-hit. It also saw a second release (outside of the US) in January 1989 after the success of (out of US re-releases) "Can't Stay From You" and "Anything For You" in late 1988. It became the band's seventh Top 10 hit in the US. In addition, the song became their fourth #1 hit on the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart. On the "Billboard" R&B chart, "1-2-3" peaked at 54, and on the UK Singles Chart it peaked at #9. After the success of the re-releases of "Can't Stay From You" and "Anything For You", 1,2,3 also saw a re-release outside the US in January 1989. The single version was essentially the same as the album version of the song, although it was slightly remixed to add more horns to the music, a stronger rhythm track, and a different intro; this version was issued on Gloria Estefan Greatest Hits and The Essential Gloria Estefan. 
By the time "1-2-3" was released a single in 1988, the song's co-writer Kiki Garcia had acrimoniously departed Miami Sound Machine. Garcia was quoted describing the situation in the band: "There is no Miami Sound Machine. There is Gloria and Emilio telling a bunch of hired musicians what to do."
The lyrics of "1-2-3" detail the singer's desire to have a shy suitor approach her.

</doc>
<doc id="18385525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385525" title="2006 Monte Carlo Masters – Singles">
2006 Monte Carlo Masters – Singles

Rafael Nadal was the defending champion and he won in the final 6–2, 6–7(2–7), 6–3, 7–6(7–5) against Roger Federer.

</doc>
<doc id="18385535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385535" title="Arrowhead (American football)">
Arrowhead (American football)

Arrowhead was a professional football player who played in the National Football League during the 1923 season. That season he joined the NFL's Oorang Indians. The Indians were a team based in LaRue, Ohio, composed only of Native Americans, and coached by Jim Thorpe. Arrowhead was a member of the Chippewas.
He played in only 4 games in 1923 with the Indians, however he scored 2 touchdowns during that time. On November 11, 1923 Arrowhead caught a pass from Thorpe for the Indians only score in 14-7 loss to the St. Louis Gunners. On December 2, 1923 he caught a 15 yard pass from Emmett McLemore for a score in a 22-19 loss to the Chicago Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="18385542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385542" title="2008–09 FC Kremin Kremenchuk season">
2008–09 FC Kremin Kremenchuk season

The 2008-09 season is FC Kremin Kremenchuk's 3rd consecutive season in the Second League Group B
Team kit.
The team kits are produced by Puma AG and the shirt sponsor is KremenchukMiaso «Кременчукм’ясо». The home and away kit was retained from previous seasons.
Ukrainian Second League.
Kremin's third consecutive season in Druha Liha began on 20 July 2008 and ended on 13 June 2009. Kremin finished 14th.
Matches.
All kickoff times are in EEST.

</doc>
<doc id="18385546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385546" title="Casablanca Voyageurs">
Casablanca Voyageurs

Casablanca Voyageurs is a station in the city of Casablanca, Morocco.
The station is an important transfer-station connecting several main-lines of the Moroccan railway network.
The other station in the city is Casablanca Port, but that station is not alongside the main North-South line and offers only local connections to nearby destinations and the national airport.
Destinations.
From Casa Voyageurs direct services are available to and from:

</doc>
<doc id="18385555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385555" title="Paul Moser">
Paul Moser

Paul K. Moser (born 1957 in Bismarck, North Dakota) is an American analytic philosopher who writes on epistemology and the philosophy of religion. He is Professor of Philosophy at Loyola University Chicago and past editor of "American Philosophical Quarterly". He is the author of many works in epistemology and the philosophy of religion, in which he has supported versions of epistemic foundationalism and volitional theism. His latest work brings these two positions together to support volitional evidentialism about theistic belief, in contrast to fideism and traditional natural theology. His work draws from some epistemological and theological insights of Blaise Pascal, John Oman, and H. H. Farmer, but adds (i) a notion of purposively available evidence of God’s existence, (ii) a notion of authoritative evidence in contrast with spectator evidence, and (iii) a notion of personifying evidence of God whereby some willing humans become salient evidence of God's existence.

</doc>
<doc id="18385574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385574" title="Jesper Fritz">
Jesper Fritz

Jesper Fritz (born 1985 in Malmö, Sweden) is a Swedish pole vaulter. He won the silver medal in the European Under 23 championships. His personal record is 5.70 metres. He was out in the qualifying in Beijing Olympic Games 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18385604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385604" title="Basic (Glen Campbell album)">
Basic (Glen Campbell album)

Basic is the 34th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1978 (see 1978 in music).
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Micheal Smotherman; except where indicated
Side 1:
Side 2:
Charts.
Album - Billboard (United States)
Singles - Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="18385623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385623" title="Age segregation in schools">
Age segregation in schools

Age segregation in schools, age grading, or graded education is the separation of students into years of education (grades, forms) by approximately the same age.
In the United States, graded education was introduced during 1848 to 1870.
Age grading in schools has significant impact on age segregation among adolescent peer groups.

</doc>
<doc id="18385628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385628" title="HSP90AA2">
HSP90AA2

Heat shock protein 90kDa alpha (cytosolic), class A member 2, also known as HSP90AA2, is a human gene. The protein encoded by this gene belongs to the Hsp90 family of heat shock proteins.

</doc>
<doc id="18385658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385658" title="Derek Deane">
Derek Deane

Derek Deane (born 18 June 1953) is a dancer and choreographer.
Biography.
Deane was raised in Redruth, Cornwall, England and trained in the Royal Ballet School. As a dancer, he eventually became a Principal Dancer with The Royal Ballet, later retiring from the stage and working as Deputy Artistic Director and Resident Choreographer at Teatro dell'Opera di Roma and Artistic Director of English National Ballet [1993-2001].
He was awarded the OBE (Officer of the Order of the British Empire) in the 2000 Queen's Birthday Honours for his services to dance as artistic director of the English National Ballet.

</doc>
<doc id="18385682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385682" title="Hyatt Regency Indianapolis">
Hyatt Regency Indianapolis

Hyatt Regency Indianapolis, also known as PNC Center, is a mixed use high-rise in Indianapolis, Indiana. The building rises 22 floors and in height, and is currently the 17th-tallest building in the city. The structure was completed in 1977, and was designed by architectural firm Browning Day Pollak Associates. The building currently is home to a 499-room Hyatt Regency hotel and commercial offices; a revolving restaurant is also located on the building's top floor in a small circular tower elevated from the main roof of the building. The Hyatt Regency Indianapolis is the tallest mixed use building in the city, and the tallest building in the city located south of Washington Street. To allow for the construction of the Hyatt Regency, a full-block building, several shorter high-rises were demolished; among these were the Lincoln Hotel and the D. Sommers & Company Building. 

</doc>
<doc id="18385713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385713" title="Odetta discography">
Odetta discography

Odetta's discography is large and diverse, covering over 50 years and many record labels. 
"** denotes Grammy nomination".
"*** denotes Grammy Winner

</doc>
<doc id="18385717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385717" title="List of Belgian Nobel laureates">
List of Belgian Nobel laureates

This a list of the Belgian Nobel laureates

</doc>
<doc id="18385730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385730" title="Fashion Originators' Guild of America v. Federal Trade Commission">
Fashion Originators' Guild of America v. Federal Trade Commission

"Fashion Originators' Guild of America v. Federal Trade Commission", is a US antitrust law case, concerning the concept of per se illegality of agreements between businesses, in violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890.
Facts.
The Fashion Originators' Guild of America was an organization created by the U.S. fashion industry in 1933 to try to prevent the copying of clothing designs. The Guild provided a registration scheme for manufacturers, who would then collectively boycott retailers if they were found to be selling copied items.
The Federal Trade Commission issued a cease-and-desist order based on the Sherman Antitrust Act. The Guild appealed the FTC's decision in the U.S. Supreme Court
Judgment.
The Supreme Court upheld the FTC's ruling, and that the Guild had acted unlawfully.

</doc>
<doc id="18385750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385750" title="Puget Systems">
Puget Systems

Puget Systems is a custom computer business based in Kent, Washington. They operate primarily through their website, and sell a mixture of custom and preconfigured computers including laptops, desktops, and servers. The business was founded by Jon Bach in 2000.
History.
Puget Systems was founded by Jon Bach in 2000 under the name Puget Sound Systems. The business was named for the Puget Sound region in which it is located, but the name caused confusion about their services and was changed to Puget Custom Computers for clarity early in the business's life. In early 2008, it was shortened to Puget Systems. 
The company was originally run out of the owner's home, and moved to an industrial warehouse as it grew. Puget currently operates out of a facility in Auburn, Washington.
Products.
Puget focuses on building custom computer systems, with an emphasis on quiet performance. The company caters to home users and gamers as well as specialists who need a computer tailored to their needs, such as video editing or day trading. Puget offers baffling and high quality fans to reduce sound levels, which has become their specialty. 
Along with custom systems, Puget also sells two named systems. The Deluge is a high end computer, most versions of which feature liquid cooling, quad core processors, and multiple video cards. Puget also makes a smaller system called the Obsidian, which is designed for the small business market.
In 2007, Puget built a computer submerged in mineral oil. The project was inspired by similar computers submerged in vegetable oil, which provides very even cooling but has the disadvantages of being translucent yellow and going rancid after a few months. The mineral oil used for this project is clear and does not decay. Oil has a high specific heat capacity, so it takes this computer approximately twelve hours of operation to reach its peak temperature of eighty degrees Celsius. A radiator and pump can be attached to lower the temperature significantly. It's been in use for a year as of their last update, with only minor problems from the oil wicking into peripherals and making a mess. While Puget doesn't sell computers like this, they provide pictures and explanations on their website.
On October 13, 2009, Puget was one of the first integrators of custom personal computing systems to sell computers using Windows 7.

</doc>
<doc id="18385764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385764" title="Federal Accountability Initiative for Reform">
Federal Accountability Initiative for Reform

The Federal Accountability Initiative for Reform (FAIR) is a Canadian public interest organization and registered charity whose purpose is to support legislation and management practices that protect whistleblowers.
Mission statement.
FAIR's mission is to promote “integrity and accountability within government by empowering employees to speak out without fear of reprisal when they encounter wrongdoing” and to “support legislation and management practices that will provide effective protection for whistleblowers and hence occupational free speech in the workplace.”
History and impact.
FAIR was founded in 1998 by Joanna Gualtieri, a well-known whistleblower and a leading authority on Canadian whistleblower law. Under her leadership the organization has played a key role in the shaping of Canadian legislation on whistleblowing and accountability issues. It drafted the first Federal whistleblower protection legislation brought before the Parliament in Canada, which was introduced as a private members bill. It also provided testimony to the House Standing Legislative Committee and Canadian Senate Standing Committee on Legal and Constitutional Affairs on May 10 and September 25, 2006 in advance of the passing of the "Public Servants Disclosure Protection Act".
Governance.
Fair is a volunteer-run organization led by an executive director and advisory board.

</doc>
<doc id="18385769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385769" title="Underbanked">
Underbanked

The underbanked are people or businesses that have poor access to mainstream financial services normally offered by retail banks. The underbanked can be characterized by a strong reliance on non-traditional forms of finance and micro-finance often associated with disadvantaged and the poor, such as cheque cashers, loan sharks and pawnbrokers.
The underbanked are a distinct group from the "unbanked", who are characterized by have no banking facilities at all.
Distribution.
Small countries have less banking provision than large countries even allowing for the smaller size of their economies.
Remediation.
There are many microfinance initiatives such as the Grameen Bank which aim to improve the provision of banking and financial services to poor communities.

</doc>
<doc id="18385797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385797" title="William Scott (The Sleeping Sentinel)">
William Scott (The Sleeping Sentinel)

William Scott (c. 1839 or 1840-April 17, 1862) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War. He was the "Sleeping Sentinel" who was pardoned by Abraham Lincoln and memorialized by a poem and then a 1914 silent film.
Biography.
Scott was born in Groton, Vermont, in either 1839 or 1840.
He joined Company K, 3rd Vermont Infantry. This was a company of militia from St. Johnsbury, a nearby town.
When his unit was encamped at the Chain Bridge near Washington, D.C., Scott was found asleep at his post on August 31, 1861. He was subsequently court-martialed, and sentenced to be executed. In Scott's defense, he had volunteered to take the place of a comrade the night before and was himself exhausted. These facts were known to the court at the time and figured prominently in newspaper reports, appeals by his superiors for clemency, and his subsequent reprieve. On September 9, Scott was scheduled to be executed. During the proceedings, after the death sentence had been read, a pardon from President Lincoln was read, sparing his life.
Scott served faithfully with his regiment until the Battle at Lee's Mills where he was mortally wounded charging the "rifle pits" there. He was eventually interred in the national cemetery at Yorktown, Virginia.
The pardon.
The actual pardon was issued by McClellan, not Lincoln.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY OF THE POTOMAC
Washington, September 8.
Private William Scott, of Company K. of the Third regiment of Vermont volunteers, having been found guilty by court martial of sleeping on his post while a sentinel on picket guard, has been sentenced to be shot, and the sentence has been approved and ordered to be executed. The commanding officers of the brigade, the regiment and the company, of the command, together with many other privates and officers of his regiment, have earnestly appealed to the Major-General commanding, to spare the life of the offender, and the President of the United States has expressed a wish that as this is the first condemnation to death in this army for this crime, mercy may be extended to the criminal. This fact, viewed in connection with the inexperience of the condemned as a soldier, his previous good conduct and general good character, and the urgent entreaties made in his behalf, have determined the Major-General commanding to grant the pardon so earnestly prayed for. This act of clemency must not be understood as affording a precedent for any future case. The duty of a sentinel is of such a nature, that its neglect by sleeping upon or deserting his post may endanger the safety of a command, or even of the whole army, and all nations affix to the offence the penalty of death. Private William Scott of Co. K. of the Third regiment of Vermont volunteers, will be released from confinement and returned to duty.
By command of Maj.-General McClellan,
S. WILLIAMS, Asst. Adjt.-General.
Investigating his life and death.
Several historians have reported the drama of his conviction, pardon and subsequent death during battle.
Carl Sandburg has performed the most exhaustive research into Scott's life and death. He had debunked the report of Scott's last dramatic words as improbable due to records which implied that Scott, mortally wounded by as many as five or six bullets, was in a coma before his death, and could not have uttered anything coherent. Nor did Lincoln ride to the camp to ensure his pardon was received in time.
However, recent research has indicated, contrary to Sandburg's findings, that Lincoln was indeed personally aware of the situation and did personally intervene on Scott's behalf.

</doc>
<doc id="18385802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385802" title="Ahmed Jahanzeb">
Ahmed Jahanzeb

Ahmed Jahanzeb Usmani (born May 28, 1978) is a Pakistani pop singer and composer. Known as AJ, he was born in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. Jahanzeb is one of the few singers of the country, who have been trained in classical music and that is why he mostly sings soul stirring slow songs. Jahanzeb was trained under the guidance of Ustad Rais Khan, who made him his "shagird" (pupil) in a ceremony called "Rasm-e-Gandha Bandhi" held at the Sheraton Hotel in 1988. The ceremony, one of its kind to be ever held in Pakistan, was attended by celebrities, dignitaries and media people.
2000 - present.
The Millennium was another turning point, when Jahanzeb released his first hit single "Ek Bar Kaho", which catapulted him to the top as it was an instant hit. It broke all the records and became the highest selling single of all time, selling 5 million CDs and cassettes in Pakistan and over the world and stayed at the top of the charts for a record 20 weeks. "Tu Jo Nahin", another mega hit followed "Ek Bar Kaho". "Tu Jo Nahin" was a techno-track with Jahanzeb's captivating vocals. The track was originally done by German Trance DJ "Ayla" and was called Dreamland from the album "Nirwana". Ahmed Jahanzeb took the music as it is, and fused popular Urdu lyrics with it.
In 2002, Jahanzeb performed alongside superstars from across the border like Raageshwari, Jazzy B and others in Dubai for a local TV channel.
In 2003, Jahanzeb launched his long awaited album, "Parastish", a record breaking album, which instantly went to the top of the charts and became the fastest and the highest selling album of the year breaking all previous records. BBC named it the number one South Asian album of 2003.
In 2004, the Pakistan consulate in UAE invited Jahanzeb to perform in the Pakistan Pavilion at the launch of the Dubai Shopping Festival at Global Village, Dubai, where he enthralled an audience of almost 100,000 people. In the same year, Pakistan Blind Cricket Council invited him to perform at a reception held in the honor of the visiting Indian Blind Cricket term, which was also attended by Veteran Bollywood actor-turned director, Sanjay Khan, along with his wife.
Later that year, Jahanzeb represented Pakistan at the Indo-Pak Peace Concert, a historical event held at the Royal Palm Golf Club in Lahore, where he performed alongside some of the biggest stars form across the border who were performing for the first time on Pakistani soil. He performed along with musical duo of Jatin-Lalit, Akshay Kumar, Shilpa Shetty, singer, Shaan and Babul Supriyo, Sunidhi Chauhan and comedian Sajid Khan. 
In 2005, Jahanzeb performed at the Asian Bollywood Music Award held in Dubai along with renowned Indian artists like A.R. Rehman, Sonu Nigam, Jatin-Lalit, Lucky Ali, Sunidhi Chauhan, VJ Sophiya and many other actors and actresses like Diya Mirza, Yana Gupta and Isha Koppikar. In the same year, he represented Pakistan at the 'Help Concert' held in Mumbai, for the Prime Minister's Tsunami Relief Fund, which was headed by Indian Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh. The show was organized by the Bollywood star, Sanjay Dutt.
In 2007, Jahanzeb was asked by director, Shoaib Mansoor to be part of his debut film "Khuda Kay Liye" also known as "In the Name Of God". Jahanzeb sang four songs out of the nine for the film. These included, "Humaray Hain", "Tilak Kamod", "Janie Janie" and "Bandiya Ho". The film broke all previous Pakistani film records and ran house full for more than six months. It was his first stint as a playback singer. The music of the film broke all records as being sold out the day it was released and for being the highest selling album for a film.
In 2008, Jahanzeb signed a 5-year contract with India's leading music film company TIPS. He finished work on his second album which was produced and recorded in India by TIPS. The album titled "Laut Aao" was released worldwide in June 2008. The album has ten songs and six have been written by the poet and lyricist of Bollywood cinema, Sameer. The album was a hit with "Chandni Raat Mein", the debut single being a smash hit and topped the Pakistani Pop charts. 
Jahanzeb runs a professional audio recording studio by the name of Urban Sound Factory and has been producing OST's for drama serials, telefilms, soaps and documentaries. The most recent project was the internationally acclaimed film "Khuda Kay Liye".
During his career, Jahanzeb has performed in well over 1500 shows all over the world. He has never followed the culture of lip-synching, he always performs live.

</doc>
<doc id="18385810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385810" title="Camp Gruber">
Camp Gruber

Camp Gruber is an Oklahoma Army National Guard (OKARNG) training facility used for Training of OKARNG soldiers. It covers a total of . 
The base is named after General Edmund L. Gruber.
Camp Gruber is located near Braggs, Oklahoma in the Cookson Hills, about southeast of Muskogee, Oklahoma.
The Oklahoma Wildlife Department and the OKARNG have in place an agreement that allows limited hunting by civilians on the base.
History.
The outbreak of the Second World War in Europe in September 1939 prompted President Franklin D. Roosevelt to declare a limited national emergency on September 8 and step up military preparedness efforts. By June 1940 Congressional measures had augmented the federal budget for construction of arms and munitions plants, coastal defenses, and military training camps and expansion of existing bases. In 1939 the nation's armed forces numbered only 200,000, but plans for a six-million-man army had been made.
The War Department had carefully developed mobilization plans in 1938 and 1939, and in 1941-42 eighty-four new camps were under construction or were approved. Because Oklahoma's location, climate, natural resources, and large available work force were optimum, the War Department considered the state a good site for pilot and infantry training fields. An infantry training camp was to be built near Braggs, in the Cookson Hills.
In 1935 and 1936 the U.S. Department of Agriculture had acquired nearly of "submarginal" farm land in eastern Oklahoma, of which was already under federal stewardship as a parks/recreation project. More land was acquired through condemnation. These condemnations included the taking of approximately of restricted land held by the Cherokee Nation.
Some of the farmers who had owned or worked the property were relocated by the Resettlement Administration, while others were forced to leave their farms within 45 days while crops were still growing. In 1942 the entire area came under War Department control.
The Cookson Hills Project was designed to provide an infantry training center for the U.S. Army's Eighth Service Command. The camp ultimately encompassed between of eastern Oklahoma, or approximately of land lying east of the Arkansas River and State Highway 10 in Muskogee and Cherokee counties. The closest community was Braggs, in Muskogee County; the nearest small metropolitan area was Muskogee, site of Hatbox Field and other defense facilities.
Construction on the Cookson Hills facility began in early January 1942 when men of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Southwestern Division were transferred from Enid Army Airfield to establish a general headquarters in Muskogee and a field headquarters in Braggs. Soon twenty-five engineers and five truckloads of equipment arrived and set about the daunting task of building a thirty-five-thousand-troop facility. In February 1942 the camp was named "Gruber," after Brigadier General Edmund L. Gruber, a long-time artillery officer at Fort Sill, Oklahoma.
Manhattan-Long Construction Company, which had built other camps in the region, presented the winning bid. The original contract called for the construction of 1,731 frame buildings, including 479 barracks, 100 hospital buildings, 55 administration buildings, a bakery, 12 chapels, a laundry, 210 mess halls, 221 recreation buildings, 258 storage warehouses; 5 theaters, 19 guard houses, 59 motor repair shops, 50 officers' quarters, and 261 miscellaneous buildings. (A prisoner war of camp was later added). A new supply system would bring water from Greenleaf Lake to a three-million-gallon (9 ac·ft) concrete storage reservoir adjacent to the camp; sewer, gas, and electrical systems and roads, grading, and drainage were built. The contractor also relocated Highway 10 around the base. Manhattan-Long estimated that it needed to construct one new building every hour, in order to meet the deadline—no real feat, for on the Fort Riley, Kansas, job the company had built one every thirty-eight minutes. The army also used preexisting buildings within the reservation boundary; a ranch house complex (built in 1936 by the Pray family) served as the post commander's billet. Construction proceeded at breakneck speed through May 1942, and the first general order was issued on May 21.
The cantonment consisted of north-south and east-west streets in a U.S. Army modified triangular division layout. This part of the facility served as an area for barracks, for general administration, for engineer, ordnance, maintenance, and chemical warfare operations, and for medical and hospital services. Immediately north of the cantonment were grenade courts, bayonet courts, and obstacle courses. North of these were three small-arms firing ranges. A huge area lying north and east of the training fields (in both Muskogee and Cherokee counties) were armor and tank destroyer driving ranges and field, anti-aircraft, and coastal artillery firing ranges (with a very large, centrally placed "impact" area that lay in Cherokee County). On the western shore of Greenleaf Lake lay a third use area with various training and recreation facilities including Greenleaf Lodge (a 1937 WPA building), used as one of the cantonment's two Officers' Clubs.
During the course of World War II Camp Gruber provided training to infantry, field artillery, and tank destroyer units that went on to fight in Europe. Units of the segregated 333rd 969th Field Artillery Battalions (who fought from Utah Beach through Liberation Day. The 333rd & 969th would win the Presidential Unit Citation for their role in fighting side-by-side with the 101st Airborne Division Artillery) and 88th Infantry Division ("Blue Devil Division") trained at Camp Gruber. In 1943 the 42nd Infantry Division ("Rainbow Division") was reactivated at Gruber. In 1945 the 86th Infantry Division ("Blackhawk Division") was stationed there pending deactivation at the end of the war. Ultimately, more than 44,868 troops either served at or trained at the camp, which also employed four thousand civilian workers and incarcerated three thousand German prisoners of war (in a facility west of Highway 10, separate from the base). Camp Gruber served as infantry and support group training base for the U.S. Army until after the end of World War II.
On June 3, 1947, Camp Gruber was deactivated and soon became surplus property, with placed under the authority of the War Assets Administration. The federal government retained control. In 1952 the General Services Administration assumed authority over from the WAA, and between 1948 and 1952 the U.S. Army reassumed control of . By 1953 virtually the entire 1942 reservation was in federal hands (the exception being a area that became part of Greenleaf State Park, under authority of the State of Oklahoma). During the 1950s and 1960s most Camp Gruber's original buildings and facilities were removed or destroyed.
In 1967 the Oklahoma Military Department, Oklahoma Army National Guard (OKARNG), acquired to establish Camp Gruber as a state-operated training area under a twenty-five year federal license from the Tulsa District of the U.S. Corps of Engineers. In 1973 and 1982 and , respectively, were added, for a total of .
External links.
"This article is based on copyright-free content originally found on a US Department of Defense website."

</doc>
<doc id="18385821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385821" title="The One Game">
The One Game

The One Game is a four-part 1988 British television drama serial, produced by Central Independent Television and broadcast on ITV from 4 June to 25 June 1988. Set and filmed in Birmingham, it starred Patrick Malahide, Stephen Dillane (credited as "Stephen Dillon"), Pippa Haywood and Kate McKenzie, and was written by John Brown from a concept by Tony Benet.
Plot.
Nick Thorne (Dillane) is a businessman who has achieved success by marketing games. He finds himself drawn into a "reality game" by his former business partner Magnus (Malahide), whom Nick had forced out of their games company after its initial success. Called "The One Game", this sees Nick take on a series of challenges which force him to explore his past, while both his professional and personal life come under threat.
Production.
Filming took place in the winter of 1987–8. The production aimed at a surreal rather than a fantasy atmosphere, with an emphasis of only including narrative elements which could occur in real life. Writer John Brown worked an Arthurian theme into his scripts, with the idea that the story was about what would happen if "Arthur said to Merlin after he'd helped set up the Kingdom, 'Get lost. I don't need you any more.'"with Nick and Magnus as Arthur and Merlin, respectively; images such as a knife thrown into water, and a woman's hand rising from a lake, were likewise based on the legend of Excalibur. The theme song, Saylon Dola, and other incidental music by series composer Nigel Hess built on the use of Celtic mythology by incorporating Welsh-sounding glossolalia.
Releases.
"The One Game" was released on Region 2 DVD in 2003. This DVD set (which includes a 12 page booklet detailing the series production) is now out of print and is extremely rare to find.

</doc>
<doc id="18385833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385833" title="Boreray (sheep)">
Boreray (sheep)

The Boreray is a breed of sheep originating on the St Kilda archipelago off the west coast of Scotland and surviving as a feral animal on one of the islands, Boreray. It is primarily a meat breed. Also known as the Boreray Blackface or Hebridean Blackface, it is the one of the rarest breeds of sheep in the United Kingdom, and is one of the Northern European short-tailed sheep group of breeds. It is the only sheep breed to be listed in "Category 1: Critical" by the Rare Breeds Survival Trust, because fewer than 300 registered breeding female Borerays are known to exist. The Boreray should not be confused with the Soay sheep, also from the St Kilda archipelago, nor with the Hebridean sheep, which was formerly called the "St Kilda", although it is probably not in fact derived from the St Kilda sheep.
History.
Until the late eighteenth century, the domesticated sheep throughout the Scottish Highlands and Islands belonged to a type called the Scottish Dunface or Old Scottish Shortwool, which was probably similar to the sheep kept in the whole of northern and western Europe up to the Iron Age. A local variety of Dunface was kept on the two main St Kilda islands of Boreray and Hirta by the crofters of the islands, who lived on Hirta, the largest island of the St Kilda archipelago.
In contrast the sheep on the extremely steep and inaccessible St Kilda island of Soay belonged to the owner of the islands, the Steward, and lived as feral animals. These Soay sheep are smaller and generally brown, remaining similar to the earliest type of sheep brought to Europe during the Neolithic.
In the mid-eighteenth century the crofters' sheep were described as being "of the smallest kind", with short, coarse wool, and all having horns – usually one pair, but often two pairs. At that time there were about 1,000 of these sheep on Hirta and about 400 on Boreray.
In the late nineteenth century the crofters' sheep were cross-bred with Scottish Blackface sheep, which by then had replaced the Dunface throughout mainland Scotland.
When the St Kilda archipelago's human inhabitants were evacuated in 1930, the sheep of Hirta were also removed and in 1932 they were replaced by Soays, which still live there as well as on Soay itself. Meanwhile the remaining sheep on Boreray were left to become feral; these became the only survivors of the crofters' sheep, and one of the few surviving descendants of the Dunface. In the 1970s half a dozen of them were exported to form the basis of a breeding population on the mainland, but the majority of Borerays still remain on the island.
Characteristics.
Despite being partially derived from a long-tailed breed (the Scottish Blackface), Borerays display characteristics which group them with other northern European short-tailed sheep. They are amongst the smallest sheep in the British Isles, with mature ewes weighing and standing at the withers. 
They have naturally short tails, which do not require docking. They also moult their fleece naturally, rather than having to be shorn annually, though older individuals do not moult as easily and may require additional shearing. Fleeces are grey or creamy white on the body, though darker individuals occur whose colouring is similar to the Soay sheep. Rough in quality, the wool is mostly used in the creation of tweeds or carpet yarns. The face and legs are wool-free and black and white, with the proportions varying between individuals. 
Both sexes of the Boreray display horns, although two pairs are no longer found. The horns on the females tend to be less thick than those on the males and while they curve they do not form complete spirals. Wethers have thicker horns than the ewes, but not as large or as impressive as those of complete rams. Mature rams can grow especially large, spiral horns which may be used for shepherd's-crook-making or other crafts.

</doc>
<doc id="18385843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385843" title="Michael F. Gerber">
Michael F. Gerber

Michael F. "Mike" Gerber (born May 25, 1972) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 148th Legislative District from 2005 to 2013.
Background.
Mike Gerber was born in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania to A. Richard "Dick" Gerber and Penelope "Penny" Gerber of Lower Gwynedd, Pennsylvania. Mike is the youngest of three children, having both an older brother and sister. Mike's parents were actively involved in Democratic politics in Montgomery County as well as statewide. Gerber's grandfather was Morris Gerber, a Montgomery County Judge. Mike attended high-school at Germantown Academy, a co-educational private school in nearby Fort Washington, PA, where he played football and baseball. After graduating from Germantown Academy he then spent a year at Choate Rosemary Hall, a top boarding school in Wallingford, Connecticut before attending the University of Pennsylvania as an undergraduate where he was a Dean's List student and Defensive Back on the Ivy League Champion Football team. After Penn, Mike attended Villanova University School of Law where he graduated "cum laude" and received a scholarship for his endeavors in community legal services.
Legal career.
Prior to Gerber's election as State Representative, he worked full-time as an attorney at the Center City Philadelphia Law Firm of WolfBlock where he handled business litigation matters. In recognition of Gerber's legal accomplishments, he was named a "Lawyer on the Fasttrack" as one of the top 35 lawyers under the age of 40 in the State of Pennsylvania. Professionally, Gerber served as legal counsel to Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell's transition team and as a Law Clerk for Judge Ronald L. Buckwalter of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. He is currently of counsel at Drinker Biddle & Reath.
2004 and Election to State House.
In 2004, Mike launched his first campaign for public office in Pennsylvania's 148th Legislative District. Gerber ran against incumbent Republican Melissa Murphy Weber, who had been elected in 2002 and was finishing her first term in office. In a tight race, Gerber edged out Murphy Weber by 462 votes. For much of the race, Gerber trailed significantly. However, he continued to campaign and the scale soon equalized. Pundits and analysts attribute Gerber's victory to the fact that he made extreme efforts to connect with voters in the district, getting out and knocking on the doors of thousands of residents. Additionally, Gerber was born and raised in Montgomery County and knew the area well. This allowed him to quickly establish deeply personal relationships with voters in the district.
Gerber campaigned on several key principles, the most important of which was "progress over partisanship." Furthermore, Gerber was publicly and vociferously endorsed by then Pennsylvania Governor and former Philadelphia Mayor Ed Rendell.
2006 and Re-Election.
Gerber's freshman term came to an end in 2006. He went unchallenged in the Democratic primary, but was challenged by local Republican businessman Tom Gale in the general election.
A major issue of contention in this election was the 2005 Pennsylvania General Assembly pay raise controversy. This bill would have seen state legislators receive a significant increase in salary. Representative Gerber voted against the pay raise. When the bill passed, Gerber refused to take the pay raise and sponsored legislation to repeal it. Ultimately, the bill was repealed.
Gerber won the election in a landslide. Gerber won 67% of the vote and defeated his opponent by close to 9,500 votes.
2007-Present.
Since re-election in 2006, Gerber has continued to play a prominent role in the House of Representatives. He has taken part in the passage of several notable pieces of legislation and has developed close working relations with several key members on both sides of the aisle, including then Governor Ed Rendell.
Gerber was played an instrumental part in the development and passage of Senate Bill 246. The Bill provides for a comprehensive smoking ban for the state. Gerber had originally sponsored a more restrictive ban in the house, and many of his ideas made it into the Senate version. 
Representative Gerber also sponsored and passed House Bill 1202, an alternative energy bill aimed at making Montgomery County greener.
Additionally, Gerber continues to keep the concerns of the residents of the 148th District in mind. Since his election Gerber has championed the causes of various groups and organizations around the district. Gerber has succeeded in securing funding for community centers, youth sports, township restoration, community police forces, historical societies, and various other local institutions. 
Gerber won his third term in office on November 4, 2008. He garnered 66.7% of the vote. His opponent, Matthew McGuire got the remaining 33.3%.
Throughout 2010, Gerber worked tirelessly as an advocate to obtain healthy food choices for students in local schools. Gerber sponsored House Bill 1572, known as the "Healthy Schools Bill" in an attempt to cut sugary beverages and fatty snacks from menus at schools and provide more nutritious alternatives in their stead. The bill is currently awaiting action in the Senate. 
On November 2, 2010, Gerber defeated Matthew McGuire in a rematch of the 2008 election. Gerber defeated McGuire by a margin of 62% to 38%.
Gerber announced in July 2012 that he would not seek re-election to another term in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, announcing also that he will become Senior Vice President of Public Affairs for Franklin Square Capital Partners, an investment firm in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Accomplishments.
While in office, Gerber as accomplished several notable legislative feats. He was the driving force behind Growing Greener II legislation, leading the charge to become environmentally friendly in Pennsylvania. In recognition of his commitment to the environment, Gerber was named as Chairman of the Energy Subcommittee during his freshman term, making him the only freshman legislator to hold the position of chair.
More recently, Gerber was also a major force in the passage of the Smoke Free Pennsylvania Act, a bi-partisan effort to implement a statewide smoking ban in Pennsylvania.
Currently, Mike holds the positions of Deputy Whip, Chairman of the Southeastern Delegation, Chair of the Subcommittee on Energy, and Chair of the Subcommittee on Public Transportation.
In addition to his other responsibilities, Representative Gerber is a member of the Committee on Committees, the Children and Youth Committee. He also served on the Insurance Committee from 2007-2009.
Personal.
Mike and his wife, Jessica, live in the Broadaxe section of Whitpain Township, Pennsylvania with their three children.
Issues.
Early Childhood Education.
The TAP 529 Program, supported by Gerber, was signed into law in his district. This program aims to assist grandparents in saving money for their grandchild's college education.
Environment.
Gerber advocated the passage of Growing Greener II, which was signed in the 148th District at Prophecy Creek in Whitpain. Gerber also sponsored and passed House Bill 1202, which provides for the study and mandate of biofuels in Pennsylvania. Gerber scored an 89% on environmental advocacy group PennEnvironment's legislator scorecard for 2008 and 100% in 2006.
Senior Citizens.
Gerber hosts an annual health fair for seniors to attend and become informed about state services and benefits provided to seniors.
Veterans Affairs.
Gerber hosts an annual Veteran's luncheon or trip to Washington, D.C. war memorials to commemorate the service of veterans in his district.

</doc>
<doc id="18385844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385844" title="It's Anybody's Guess">
It's Anybody's Guess

"It's Anybody's Guess" is an American game show broadcast on NBC from June 13 to September 30, 1977. Monty Hall hosted the show while his second-banana from "Let's Make a Deal", Jay Stewart, was the announcer. It was produced by Stefan Hatos-Monty Hall Productions.
Gameplay.
The show featured seven people involved in each episode. Two of the people were players, with one usually a returning champion, and five of the others made up a panel. The second contestant was always a member of the previous show's panel, having qualified to challenge the champion based on their winnings on the previous show. As such, the panel changed on an almost-daily basis. A panelist was limited to two consecutive appearances in the panel without becoming a challenger, and a replacement from a panelist-turned-challenger was chosen from the audience.
Main game.
A question with many possible answers would be posed to everyone (for example: "What makes a camel funny looking?") and an answer that was selected by the show's staff was shown to the challenging player in control of the question and the home audience (with the previous example, "his knobby knees" would be the answer shown). The player decided if the answer would be said by any of the five panelists (yes or no). The player then decided to "play it safe" or go for the "longshot".
Hall then asked the panelists for an answer. If the player played it safe, then he asked each of the panelists for one answer. Should the player call for a longshot, if he or she said yes (that the panelists would get the answer), he only asked three panelists for an answer (or, if the contestant said no, that the panelists wouldn't get the answer, all five panelists were asked for an answer, and the first two were asked for a second answer, for a total of seven answers).
If one of the five panelists guessed the selected answer, he or she received a bonus prize. If the contestant predicted correctly, he or she scored one point (two points for a longshot); an incorrect prediction awarded the point(s) to the opposing player. The first player to score five points won the game.
Payoff round.
One more question is asked to the winner and the panelists. There are two answers (that are not shown to anyone at first) that are chosen by the staff. Hall asks each panelist for a response to the question. Each incorrect response is worth $300. After five responses, if either of the two chosen answers are not given, the player tries for $5,000 in cash and a new car, but the player must eliminate one of the two chosen answers from play.
At this point, the player can quit after each incorrect response with the accumulated cash. If the panelists still do not say the selected answer still in play, the player wins the $5,000 and the car. If one of the two answers were said prior to the halfway mark of the round, but the second response wasn't said after all ten responses, the player just wins the $5,000. If the panelists say both answers, the player loses any cash accumulated in the Payoff Round. Note that a panelist could win more prizes if he or she gives one of the chosen responses.
The panelist who wins the most prizes in the game becomes the new challenger in the next game. Winning contestants were able to compete up to a maximum of five games or until defeated.
Broadcast history.
The series replaced "Shoot for the Stars" at 11:30 AM ("Stars" moved to Noon) on June 13, 1977. Faced against "Love of Life" on CBS and "Family Feud" on ABC, the show ended after 16 weeks. Its replacement was the Arte Johnson game "Knockout".
Music.
The music used for the prize descriptions were used on both previous and future versions of "Let's Make a Deal", most of which were written by Stan Worth and Sheldon Allman.
The main theme of the show would later be used on the 1980s versions of "Deal".
Episode status.
The series is believed to be wiped as per network practices of the era. Only the second Pilot (taped February 4, 1977) and the September 23 episode are known to exist.

</doc>
<doc id="18385857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385857" title="Ananías Maidana">
Ananías Maidana

Ananías Maidana (26 July 192330 October 2010) was a teacher and politician in Paraguay. For years he was a political prisoner under the dictatorship of Alfredo Stroessner. He later became secretary-general of the Paraguayan Communist Party, and in the 2008 election he was a candidate for the senate for the Socialist Patriotic Alliance, the political coalition in which the PCP participated.
Childhood and youth.
Ananías Maidana was born in 1923 in Encarnación, Paraguay, where he finished his high school education. Shortly after his graduation, persecution by the government forced him to move to Asunción, where he lived clandestinely and illegally. He wanted to finish his professorship so he registered in the Normal School Nº2. 
First steps in politics.
In 1947, after joining the Paraguayan Communist Youth, which was against the dictatorship of Higinio Moríñigo, he was captured, tortured and imprisoned in the Public Jail of Asunción, which was located in the property where the Catholic University now functions. 
Between 1947-49, there were near 4000 political prisoners of all political movements, including 132 officers of the army. Such imprisonment was part of the way the government punished the insurrection, known as the Revolution of Concepción (March–August, 1947). 
Militancy and imprisonment.
In 1950, he was brutally beaten in the streets by police with a handgun and a rifle. He suffered the sequelae of that incident for years afterwards. He got out of jail in 1952, thanks to the national and international solidarity and the negotiations of his family, which played an essential role in attempts to free prisoners every time Ananías was in jail. Instead of leaving the country, which would have brought a certain amount of security that was not available to him in Paraguay, Ananías fought once again against the dictatorship, from inside the regime, living clandestinely. 
Once Stroessner became president of Paraguay, and later on, an obvious dictator, Ananías was searched extensively by the police. On 3 July 1959, as he was leading the fight against the dictatorship, he was caught and, once again, beaten in the street by the police. The government's intention was to squelch the opposition, led mainly by workers and students, by violently repressing anyone who expressed an ideological difference with the government. This new imprisonment of Ananías Maidana would last twenty years, and would mean practically a lifetime of suffering and torture for him. 
During his imprisonment, Monsignor Benítez along with six
Chilean deputies and six Chilean senators visited Paraguay to investigate the conditions of the prisoners of Stroessner's government. They could not enter Ananias's cell due to the stench. It was a cell that he shared with Professor Antonio Maidana, Professor Julio Rojas and Alfredo Alcorta. Sometimes they spent weeks and months without seeing daylight or breathing fresh air. 
When the Catholic Church petitioned for the freedom of those prisoners, especially prisoners like Ananías Maidana that were there only because of their political ideas, Stroessner cynically answered: “Don’t worry about them...they’re doomed to die in jail.”
When the international pressure grew, demanding the freedom of the prisoners, Stroessner confessed, “They are not my prisoners”, implying that they were in charge of CIA subordinates. During the Cold War, the United States had enormous influence in Paraguay and generally supported harsh measures against communists and other members of the far left. Maidana was freed in the late 1970s, but exiled, first to Sweden, and then to the Soviet Union, where he denounced the crimes perpetrated by Stroessner and promoted international solidarity through his work as a journalist and a politician. 
The democratic era.
Once Stroessner was ousted from government, through a "coup d'état" organized by General Rodríguez, Maidana returned to the country. His intention was to support the new democracy, experienced for the first time in the country in more than three decades. Maidana was the secretary-general of the Paraguayan Communist Party and decided to be a candidate in the 2008 election to the senate for the Socialist Patriotic Alliance, the political coalition in which the PCP participated. He did not earn enough votes to be elected, but he continued his labor for the reinforcement of democracy in the country. 
Death.
Ananías Maidana died of prostate cancer on 30 October 2010, aged 87, in the capital of Paraguay, Asunción.

</doc>
<doc id="18385864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385864" title="Horní Rápotice">
Horní Rápotice

Horní Rápotice is a village in the Pelhřimov District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 157 people live there and it has 3.98 km². It was first documented in 1352.

</doc>
<doc id="18385871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385871" title="Cosmic Ray (film)">
Cosmic Ray (film)

Cosmic Ray (1962) is an experimental film directed by Bruce Conner featuring black-and-white footage of a nude woman with a pearl necklace, cartoons, and newsreel footage of atomic bomb explosions, all set to Ray Charles's "What'd I Say".

</doc>
<doc id="18385894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385894" title="Janin Erih">
Janin Erih

Dato Paduka Janin Erih was a Bruneian diplomat and holding the post of Permanent Representative of Brunei Darussalam to the United Nations at Geneva and the former Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Brunei to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18385902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385902" title="NASA spin-off technologies">
NASA spin-off technologies

NASA spin-off technologies are spin-offs of technology that have been commercialized through NASA funding, research, licensing, facilities, or assistance. NASA also publishes an annual journal titled "Spinoff" which features products whose development can be linked to NASA, for example through NASA funding (such as SBIR or STTR awards), licensing (from NASA patents), facilities (such as product testing at NASA facilities), NASA assistance (such as former NASA scientists helping to design a product), or NASA research. A lot of the technology that came from space spin-off is an important part of today's world, for example the ultra sound which is an important part of many births.
In 1957, notable science fiction author Robert A. Heinlein was asked to appear before a joint committee of the House and Senate after recovering from one of the earliest known carotid bypass operations to correct a blocked artery that was causing transient ischemic attacks; in his testimony, reprinted in the book "Expanded Universe", he characterized the technology that made the surgery possible as merely one of a long list of spinoff technologies from space development.
For more than 50 years, the NASA Innovative Partnerships Program has connected NASA resources to private industry, referring to the commercial products as spin-offs. Well-known products that NASA claims as spin-offs include memory foam (originally named temper foam), freeze-dried food, firefighting equipment, emergency "space blankets", Dustbusters, cochlear implants, and now Speedo's LZR Racer swimsuits. NASA claims that there are over 1650 other spin-offs in the fields of computer technology, environment and agriculture, health and medicine, public safety, transportation, recreation, and industrial productivity. Contrary to common belief, NASA did not invent Tang, Velcro, or Teflon.
In 2008, NASA announced an interactive Web feature, "NASA @ Home and City" which uses Flash animation to show some examples of everyday products claimed to be spin-offs.
Below are 27 abstracts of products claimed to be NASA spin-offs.
Health and medicine.
Light-emitting diodes (LEDs) in medical therapies.
After initial experiments using light-emitting diodes in NASA space shuttle plant growth experiments, NASA issued a small business innovation grant that led to the development of a hand-held, high-intensity, LED unit developed by Quantum Devices Inc. that can be used to treat tumors after other treatment options are exhausted.
This therapy was approved by the FDA and inducted into the Space Foundation's Space Technology Hall of Fame in 2000.
Infrared ear thermometers.
Diatek Corporation and NASA developed an aural thermometer that measures the Thermal Radiation emitted by the eardrum, similar to the way the temperature of stars and planets is measured. This method avoids contact with mucous membranes, and permits rapid temperature measurement of newborn or incapacitated patients. NASA supported the Diatek Corporation through the Technology Affiliates Program.
Ventricular assist device.
Collaboration between NASA, Dr. Michael DeBakey, Dr. George Noon, and MicroMed Technology Inc. resulted in a heart pump for patients awaiting heart transplants. The MicroMed DeBakey ventricular assist device (VAD) functions as a “bridge to heart transplant” by pumping blood until a donor heart is available. The pump is approximately one-tenth the size of other currently marketed pulsatile VADs. Because of the pump’s small size, fewer patients developed device-related infections. It can operate up to 8 hours on batteries, giving patients the mobility to do normal, everyday activities.
Artificial limbs.
Advancements such as Environmental Robots Inc.’s development of artificial muscle systems for use in NASA space robotic and extravehicular activities have been adapted to create more functionally dynamic artificial limbs. Other commercial uses of NASA’s temper foam include moldable materials offering the natural look and feel of flesh, as well as preventing friction between the skin and the prosthesis, and heat/moisture buildup.
Invisible braces.
Invisible braces are a type of transparent ceramics called translucent polycrystalline alumina (TPA). A company known as Ceradyne developed TPA in conjunction with NASA Advanced Ceramics Research as protection for infrared antennae on heat-seeking missile trackers.
Scratch-resistant lenses.
A sunglasses manufacturer called Foster Grant first licensed a NASA technology for scratch-resistant lenses, developed for protecting space equipment from scratching in space, especially helmet visors.
Space blanket.
So-called space blankets, developed in 1964, are lightweight and reflect infrared radiation. They are often included in first aid kits.
Transportation.
Aircraft anti-icing systems.
NASA funding under the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program and work with NASA scientists advanced the development of a thermoelectric deicing system called Thermawing, a DC-powered air conditioner for single-engine aircraft called Thermacool, and high-output alternators to run them both. Thermawing allows pilots to safely fly through ice encounters and provides pilots of single-engine aircraft the heated wing technology usually reserved for larger, jet-powered craft. Thermacool, an electric air conditioning system, uses a new compressor whose rotary pump design runs off an
energy-efficient, brushless DC motor and allows pilots to use the air conditioner before the engine starts.
Highway safety.
Safety grooving, the cutting of grooves in concrete to increase traction and prevent injury, was first developed to reduce aircraft accidents on wet runways. Represented by the International Grooving and Grinding Association, the industry expanded into highway and pedestrian applications. Safety grooving originated at Langley Research Center, which assisted in testing the grooving at airports and on highways. Skidding was reduced, stopping distance decreased, and a vehicle’s cornering ability on curves was increased. The process has been extended to animal holding pens, parking lots, and other potentially slippery surfaces.
Improved radial tires.
Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company developed a fibrous material, five times stronger than steel, for NASA to use in parachute shrouds to soft-land the Viking Lander spacecraft on the Martian surface. Recognizing the durability of the material, Goodyear expanded the technology and went on to produce a new radial tire with a tread life expected to be greater than conventional radials.
Chemical detection.
NASA contracted with Intelligent Optical Systems (IOS) to develop moisture- and pH-sensitive sensors to warn of corrosive conditions in aircraft before damage occurs. This sensor changes color in response to contact with its target. After completing the work with NASA, IOS was tasked by the U.S. Department of Defense to further develop the sensors for detecting chemical warfare agents and potential threats, such as toxic industrial compounds and nerve agents. IOS has sold the chemically sensitive fiber optic cables to major automotive and aerospace companies, who are finding a variety of uses for the devices such as aiding experimentation with nontraditional power sources, and as an economical “alarm system” for detecting chemical release in large facilities.
Public safety.
Video enhancing and analysis systems.
Intergraph Government Solutions developed its Video Analyst System (VAS) by building on Video Image Stabilization and Registration (VISAR) technology created by NASA to help FBI agents analyze video footage. Originally used for enhancing video images from nighttime videotapes made with hand-held camcorders, VAS is a tool for video enhancement and analysis offering support of full-resolution digital video, stabilization, frame-by-frame analysis, conversion of analog video to digital storage formats, and increased visibility of filmed subjects without altering underlying footage. Aside from law enforcement and security applications, VAS has also been adapted to serve the military for reconnaissance, weapons deployment, damage assessment, training, and mission debriefing.
Fire-resistant reinforcement.
Built and designed by Avco Corporation, the Apollo heat shield was coated with a material whose purpose was to burn and thus dissipate energy during reentry while charring, to form a protective coating to block heat penetration. NASA subsequently funded Avco’s development of other applications of the heat shield, such as fire-retardant paints and foams for aircraft, which led to intumescent epoxy material, which expands in volume when exposed to heat or flames, acting as an insulating barrier and dissipating heat through burn-off. Further innovations include steel coatings devised to make high-rise buildings and public structures safer by swelling to provide a tough and stable insulating layer over the steel for up to 4 hours of fire protection, ultimately to slow building collapse and provide more time for escape.
Firefighting equipment.
Firefighting equipment in the United States is based on lightweight materials developed for the U.S. Space Program. NASA and the National Bureau of Standards created a lightweight breathing system including face mask, frame, harness, and air bottle, using an aluminum composite material developed by NASA for use on rocket casings. The broadest fire-related technology transfer is the breathing apparatus for protection from smoke inhalation injury. Additionally, NASA’s inductorless electronic circuit technology led to lower-cost, more rugged, short-range two-way radio now used by firefighters. NASA also helped develop a specialized mask weighing less than to protect the physically impaired from injuries to the face and head, as well as flexible, heat-resistant materials—developed to protect the space shuttle on reentry—which are being used both by the military and commercially in suits for municipal and aircraft-rescue firefighters.
Consumer, home, and recreation.
Temper foam.
As the result of a program designed to develop a padding concept to improve crash protection for airplane passengers, Ames Research Center developed what is now called memory foam. Memory foam, or "Temper Foam", has been incorporated into mattresses, pillows, military and civilian aircraft, automobiles and motorcycles, sports safety equipment, amusement park rides and arenas, horseback saddles, archery targets, furniture, and human and animal prostheses. Its high-energy absorption and soft characteristics offer protection and comfort. Today, temper foam is being employed by NASCAR to provide added safety in racecars. Temper Foam was inducted into the Space Foundation Space Technology Hall of Fame in 1998.
Enriched baby food.
Commercially available infant formulas now contain a nutritional enrichment ingredient that traces its existence to NASA-sponsored research on bread mold as a recycling agent for long-duration space travel. The substance, formulated into the products life’sDHA and life’sARA and based on microalgae, can be found in over 90% of the infant formulas sold in the United States, and are added to infant formulas in over 65 other countries. Martek Biosciences Corporation's founders and principal scientists acquired their expertise in this area while working on the NASA program. The microalgae food supplement was inducted into the Space Foundation Space Technology Hall of Fame in 2009.
Portable cordless vacuums.
For the Apollo space mission, NASA required a portable, self-contained drill capable of extracting core samples from below the lunar surface. Black & Decker was tasked with the job, and developed a computer program to optimize the design of the
drill’s motor and ensure minimal power consumption. That computer program led to the development of a cordless miniature vacuum cleaner called the Dustbuster.
Freeze drying.
In planning for the long-duration Apollo missions, NASA conducted extensive research into space food. One of the techniques developed in 1938 by Nestlé was freeze drying. In the United States, Action Products later commercialized this technique for other foods, concentrating on snack food resulting in products like Space ice cream. The foods are cooked, quickly frozen, and then slowly heated in a vacuum chamber to remove the ice crystals formed by the freezing process. The final product retains 98% of its nutrition and weighs much less than before drying. The ratio of weight before and after drying depends strongly on the particular food item but a typical freeze-dried weight is 20% of the original weight. Today, one of the benefits of this advancement in food preservation includes simple nutritious meals available to handicapped and otherwise homebound senior adults unable to take advantage of existing meal programs.
Environmental and agricultural resources.
Water purification.
NASA engineers are collaborating with qualified companies to develop systems intended to sustain the astronauts living on the International Space Station and future Moon and space missions. This system turns wastewater from respiration, sweat, and urine into drinkable water. Commercially, this system is benefiting people all over the world who need affordable, clean water, especially in remote locations. By combining the benefits of chemical adsorption, ion exchange, and ultra-filtration processes, this technology can yield safe, drinkable water from the most challenging sources, such as in underdeveloped regions where well water may be heavily contaminated.
Solar Cells.
Single-crystal silicon solar cells are now widely available at low cost. The technology behind these solar devices—which provide up to 50% more power than conventional solar cells—originated with the efforts of a NASA-sponsored 28-member coalition forming the Environmental Research Aircraft and Sensor Technology (ERAST) Alliance. ERAST’s goal was to develop remotely piloted aircraft, intended to fly unmanned at high altitudes for days at a time and requiring advanced solar power sources that did not add weight. As a result, SunPower Corporation created advanced silicon-based cells for terrestrial or airborne applications.
Pollution remediation.
NASA’s microencapsulating technology enabled the creation of a "Petroleum Remediation Product," which safely cleans petroleum-based pollutants from water. The PRP uses thousands of microcapsules—tiny balls of beeswax with hollow centers. Water cannot penetrate the microcapsule’s cell, but oil is absorbed into the beeswax spheres as they float on the water’s surface. Contaminating chemical compounds that originally come from crude oil (such as fuels, motor oils, or petroleum hydrocarbons) are caught before they settle, limiting damage to ocean beds.
Computer technology.
Structural analysis software.
NASA software engineers have created thousands of computer programs over the decades equipped to design, test, and analyze stress, vibration, and acoustical properties of a broad assortment of aerospace parts and structures. The NASA Structural Analysis Program, or NASTRAN, is considered one of the most successful and widely used NASA software programs. It has been used to design everything from Cadillacs to roller coaster rides. Originally created for spacecraft design, it has been employed in a host of non-aerospace applications and is available to industry through NASA’s Computer Software Management and Information Center (COSMIC). COSMIC maintains a library of computer programs from NASA and other government agencies and sells them at a fraction of the cost of developing a new program. NASA Structural Analysis Computer Software was inducted into the Space Foundation Space Technology Hall of Fame in 1988
Remotely controlled ovens.
Embedded Web Technology (EWT) software—originally developed by NASA for use by astronauts operating experiments on the International Space Station—lets a user monitor and/or control a device remotely over the Internet. NASA supplied this technology and guidance to TMIO LLC, which developed remote control and monitoring of a new intelligent oven product named “Connect Io.” With combined cooling and heating capabilities, Connect Io refrigerates food until a customized pre-programmable cooking cycle begins. The menu allows the user to simply enter the dinner time, and the oven automatically switches from refrigeration to the cooking cycle, so that the meal will be ready as the family arrives home for dinner.
NASA Visualization Explorer.
On July 26, 2011, NASA released the NASA Visualization Explorer app for the iPad. The application delivers real-time satellite data, including movies and stills, of Earth, that enable users to learn about subjects such as climate change, Earth's dynamic systems and plant life on land and in the oceans. The content is accompanied by short descriptions about the Data and why it is important.
Space Race Blastoff.
NASA's first online game designed for social networks like Facebook. It is a trivia game that tests of their knowledge of NASA history, technology, science and pop culture.
Industrial productivity.
Powdered lubricants.
NASA developed a solid lubricant coating, PS300, which is deposited by thermal spraying to protect foil air bearings. PS300 lowers friction, reduces emissions, and has been used by NASA in advanced aeropropulsion engines, refrigeration compressors, turbochargers, and hybrid electrical turbogenerators. ADMA Products has found widespread industrial applications for the material.
Improved mine safety.
An ultrasonic bolt elongation monitor developed by a NASA scientist for testing tension and high-pressure loads on bolts and fasteners has continued to evolve over the past three decades. Today, the same scientist and Luna Innovations are using a digital adaptation of this same device for destructive evaluation of railroad ties, groundwater analysis, radiation, and as a medical testing device to assess levels of internal swelling and pressure for patients suffering from intracranial pressure and compartment syndrome, a painful condition that results when pressure within muscles builds to dangerous levels.
Food safety.
Faced with the problem of how and what to feed an astronaut in a sealed capsule under weightless conditions while planning for human space flight, NASA enlisted the aid of The Pillsbury Company to address two principal concerns: eliminating crumbs of food that might contaminate the spacecraft’s atmosphere and sensitive instruments, and assuring absolute absence of disease-producing bacteria and toxins. Pillsbury developed the Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) concept to address NASA’s second concern. HACCP is designed to prevent food safety problems rather than to catch them after they have occurred. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has applied HACCP guidelines for the handling of seafood, juice, and dairy products.
Mistakenly attributed spinoffs.
The following is a list of technologies sometimes mistakenly attributed to NASA. In some cases, NASA popularized technology or aided its development.
History of the "Spinoff" publication.
"Spinoff" is a NASA publication featuring technology made available to the public. Since 1976, NASA has featured an average of 50 technologies each year in the annual publication, and "Spinoff" maintains a searchable database of these technologies. When products first spun off from space research, NASA presented a black and white report in 1973, titled the "Technology Utilization Program Report". Because of interest in the reports, NASA decided to create the annual publications in color. "Spinoff" was first published in 1976, and since then, NASA has distributed free copies to universities, the media, inventors, and the general public. "Spinoff" describes how NASA works with various industries and small businesses to bring new technology to the public. As of 2008, there were over 1600 "Spinoff" products in the database, dating back to 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18385912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385912" title="2001–02 Bundesliga (women)">
2001–02 Bundesliga (women)

The Bundesliga (women) 2001–02 was the 12th season of the Bundesliga (women), Germany's premier football league. It began on 19 August 2001 and ended on 16 June 2002.
Final standings.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="18385930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385930" title="Ryan Watson (politician)">
Ryan Watson (politician)

Ryan Watson was the leader of the Green Party of Nova Scotia from June 2008 until October 2009. Originally from British Columbia, he lives in Halifax with his wife, Shannon, and daughter Katarina.
In the Nova Scotia general election, 2009 he ran in the riding of Halifax Citadel-Sable Island, garnering 4.3% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18385941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385941" title="Thomson Airways">
Thomson Airways

Thomson Airways Limited is the world's largest charter airline, offering scheduled and charter flights from the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland to destinations in Europe, Africa, Asia and North America. The airline is a subsidiary of TUI Travel, which was formed by the merger of the travel division of TUI AG and First Choice Holidays plc in September 2007. The two companies' respective airlines, Thomsonfly and First Choice Airways, were merged under the former's Air Operator's Certificate from May 2008, and were rebranded as Thomson Airways on 1 November 2008.
The airline carried 10.7 million passengers in 2012, making it the third-largest UK airline by total passengers, after EasyJet and British Airways. The registered office is at the TUI Travel House in Crawley, West Sussex but its head office is located in Wigmore House in Luton, Bedfordshire.
Thomson Airways Limited holds a United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) Type A Operating Licence permitting it to carry passengers, cargo and mail on aircraft with 20 or more seats.
History.
Thomson Airways has its origins in several predecessor airlines. Euravia, an airline which was founded in January 1962 was renamed Britannia Airways in December 1964. Orion Airways, founded in 1979 by Horizon Holidays and later owned by the large brewing firm Bass Brewery and InterContinental Hotels Group, was sold and merged into Britannia Airways in 1989. Britannia Airways
was rebranded as Thomsonfly in May 2005. Finally, Air 2000 was founded in 1987, and which integrated the operations of Leisure International Airways in 1998, became First Choice Airways in 2004.
Thomsonfly and First Choice Airways merged following the merger of the travel division of TUI AG and First Choice Holidays PLC in September 2007. All flights operated under the Thomsonfly CAA Air Operator's Certificate from 1 May 2008. The Thomson Airways brand was launched for the combined airline on 1 November 2008, which became the world's largest charter airline.
The new brand retained the Thomsonfly colour scheme, and aircraft in the fleet were gradually repainted. Several First Choice Airways aircraft remained in the First Choice livery as they were due to be phased out of service. A new livery, named the "dreamliner" livery to coincide with the delivery of the Boeing 787 in 2013, was introduced in May 2012.
Thomson Airways became the first UK airline to take delivery of the Boeing 787, receiving the first aircraft in May 2013. Passenger services with the aircraft began on 21 June 2013 with a flight between London Gatwick and Menorca.
Corporate affairs.
Head office.
The airline's head office is in the Wigmore House near Luton, Bedfordshire. The facility is adjacent to Luton Airport and is north of London.
Bases.
Thomson Airways' largest base is at London-Gatwick, closely followed by Manchester with its third largest at Birmingham. Further aircraft are based at thirteen other UK airports. By Summer 2014, Belfast-International, Bournemouth, Edinburgh, Exeter and Leeds/Bradford are all served by a single based aircraft. Bases with two aircraft are at Bristol, Cardiff, Doncaster Sheffield, Glasgow and London-Stansted whilst East Midlands, London-Luton and Newcastle all have three. Some of these bases have additional aircraft through certain parts of the week to service long-haul flights. Thomson Airways also serves a much smaller network at Durham Tees Valley, the only UK airport is serves without a based aircraft. Its services are operated by the aircraft based at Leeds/Bradford, meaning a smaller presence at Leeds/Bradford than the typical single aircraft base, making it Thomson's smallest base airport.
Destinations.
Most scheduled flights operated by Thomson Airways are on behalf of tour operators. Certain seat contingents on these flights can be directly purchased. The airline offers a wide range of flights to holiday destinations at the Mediterranean, the Caribbean, and the Indian Ocean from a total of 24 airports across the United Kingdom. Additionally, seasonal charter routes are served.
Fleet.
As of February 2014, the Thomson Airways fleet consists of the following aircraft.
In 2013 the parent group TUI Travel ordered 60 Boeing 737 MAX for delivery to group airlines.
Cabin.
Short-haul:
On short-haul and mid-haul flights Thomson Airways have a min 28" seat pitch.
New Boeing 737-800 aircraft with SKY Interior are being rolled out replacing older 757, and all legacy Airbus fleets from 2011 onwards. Alcoholic and soft drinks, sweet and savoury snacks can be purchased on board. Hot cafe style products branded "the eatery" are available for purchase on board. On 1 November 2011, traditional in-flight TV/movie/audio entertainment onboard short and medium-haul flights ended. Tax/duty-free perfumes, gifts, tobacco and spirits are available on most flights. A limited number of extra legroom seats can be purchased prior to travel through various channels and opportunities.
Long-haul:
On long-haul flights, the Economy Cabin (Economy Club) has a 33" standard seat pitch with a personal 7" widescreen TV. From May 2013, audio/visual on-demand in-flight entertainment is available as standard. Complimentary hot meals and a snack are served on all Thomson Airways long-haul flights. Both alcoholic and soft drinks, along with additional snack items may be purchased on board.
The Premium Economy Cabin (Premium Club) at the front of the 767-300 aircraft have a 36/37" seat pitch with wider leather seats and a personal 9" widescreen with on-demand entertainment system. Guests in the Premium Economy Cabin receive upgraded meals, complimentary drinks, an amenity kit and dedicated cabin crew.
Thomson Airways Magazine "inflight" is available to all customers in the seat pocket. In addition, "inflight guide" is also available containing entertainment and flight amenities available on board.
Statistics.
Thomson Airways carried 10.7 million passengers during 2012, a 3.1% reduction compared with 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18385945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385945" title="Krásná Hora">
Krásná Hora

Krásná Hora is a village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 524 people live there and it has 22.21 km². It was first documented in 1379. Today it consists of nine villages: Krásná Hora, Volichov, Bratroňov, Hlavňov, Čekánov, Broumova Lhot, Kojkovičky and Vítonín.

</doc>
<doc id="18385965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385965" title="Yevgeniya Kanayeva">
Yevgeniya Kanayeva

Evgenia Olegovna Kanaeva OMF (; born 2 April 1990 Omsk, Soviet Union) is a Russian rhythmic gymnast. A gymnast known for her consistency, elegant routines and high level of technical difficulty. She is the only individual rhythmic gymnast in history to win two Olympic all-around gold medals, winning at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where she finished an unprecedented 3.75 points ahead of silver medalist Inna Zhukova, and at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where she also became the oldest gymnast to win the Olympic gold. In 4 July 2013, Kanaeva has been a recipient of the International Fair Play Award for "Sport and Life".
Kanaeva holds the record for most World titles with seventeen and thirteen European titles. Kanaeva shares the record for most individual world all-around titles with Maria Petrova (1995 tied with Ekaterina Serebrianskaya) and Maria Gigova (1971 tied with Galina Shugurova), and Kanaeva is the only gymnast to have won all three titles without being tied, impossible due to the tie breaking system even though she never was tied for a title.
At the 2009 World Championship in Mie, Japan, Kanaeva became the first rhythmic gymnast to win all six titles. She repeated the feat at the 2011 World Championship in Montpellier, France, equaling her own record.
Kanaeva is the only gymnast to hold both the World Cup Final All-around and Grand Prix Final All-around title in a single season for three consecutive years. Kanaeva is the only gymnast to receive a perfect score under the 30-point judging system, doing so twice: in the 2011 Grand Prix Final in Brno and in the 2012 Grand Prix in Voralberg.
In 2009, Kanaeva was awarded the title Merited Master of Sports in Russia. After the 2012 Summer Olympics, on 15 August at the Grand Kremlin Palace, Kanaeva, along with fellow Olympic gold medalists, was awarded the Merit for the Fatherland IV Degree. Russian President Vladimir Putin presented the honors.
Career.
Childhood.
Her grandmother, a devoted fan of rhythmic gymnastics and figure skating, introduced six-year-old Kanaeva to rhythmic gymnastics. Her first trainer, Elena Arais (daughter of Kanaeva's current trainer, Vera Shtelbaums), was impressed by her enthusiasm for learning difficult elements. Shtelbaums, who worked in the same gymnastics school, recalled Kanaeva spending long hours practicing even though all other students were gone, while her grandmother stood in the corridor waiting to take her home. Besides her passion for rhythmic gymnastics, the young Kanaeva was nicknamed 'Mother Teresa' by the training staff and the parents of her childhood friends for her kindness and concern for others.
Kanaeva was selected to join a group of young rhythmic gymnasts from Omsk for try-outs in Moscow at the age of 12. Her performance caught the eye of Amina Zaripova, who was in charge of the youth program. Kanaeva was then invited to train at the School of the Olympic Reserve. Kanaeva improved quickly under the supervision of Shtelbaums who was in Moscow as fellow Omsk native Irina Tchachina's coach. In 2003 at 13 years of age, Kanaeva debuted in international competitions and began winning the junior events, Kanaeva represented ‘Gazprom’ as a junior rhythmic gymnast to take part in the World Club Championship (also known as ‘Aeon Cup’) in Japan alongside Irina Tchachina and Alina Kabayeva. She won the junior title and was presently noticed by the head coach of the Russian national team, Irina Viner. She was accepted into the Novogorsk training centre for national team members.
Rise.
Kanaeva's rise through the senior ranks was not without difficulty due to Russia's repository of rhythmic gymnasts. After the Olympic Games 2004, at which Kabaeva and Tchachina won the gold and silver medals respectively, Kabaeva remained competitive while Vera Sessina and Olga Kapranova rose to become Russia's new leading rhythmic gymnasts, leaving little room for Kanaeva in the competitive sphere. Kanaeva made her senior international debut in 2006 at the International Tournament Schmiden where she won gold in all-around and event finals. She competed in her first World Cup Final in Mie competing in clubs and ribbon where she finished 5th.
In summer 2007, Kanaeva competed in World Cup in Corbeil-Essonnes winning the all-around gold medal, she also won gold in hoop, rope and ribbon final defeating Anna Bessonova. She then competed at the World Cup Final in Ljubljana where she won bronze in all-around, rope and silver in clubs. At the 2007 European Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan; Kabaeva, Sessina, and Kapranova were chosen to represent Russia. However, on the eve of the competition, Kabaeva withdrew because of an injury. Viner selected Kanaeva from the reserve team as the replacement. Despite the short notice, Kanaeva impressed by winning gold medals in both the individual ribbon and team competition. A few months later, she won another gold medal in the team competition at the World Championship in Patras, Greece.
2008 Olympics season.
With the opportunity to take part in the Olympic Games in Beijing growing, all of Kanaeva 's routines (hoop, clubs, rope and ribbon) were designed with high difficulties and her music was selected to bring out her uniqueness, one of which was her ribbon routine performed with the special edited piano version of ‘Moscow Nights (Подмосковные вечера)’.
In the beginning of 2008 season, Kanaeva still faced tough competition from veteran teammates Sessina, Kapranova and Ukrainian rhythmic gymnast, the then-World Champion, Anna Bessonova. However, by mid-spring, Kanaeva began to establish herself by winning all the individual all-around titles in the Grand Prix and World Cup series, as well as the Russian National Championship. At the European Championship in Turin, Italy, she established herself as the number one senior rhythmic gymnast of the Russian national team. She defeated Bessonova and Kapranova with high scores in all her routines ( 18.875 in rope, 18.925 in hoop, 18.875 in ribbon and scored a 19.050 in clubs).
At the 2008 European Championships she became the All-around champion. Viner selected Kanaeva and Kapranova as Russia's entries for the Olympic rhythmic gymnastics competition.
Kanaeva was the youngest among all the finalists in the Olympic rhythmic gymnastics competition. However, she remained calm and made only a few mistakes. In her words, the Olympic Games were "different from all other competitions. You just have to concentrate on yourself, the apparatus and the carpet. You should not pay attention on anything else. I persuaded myself that everything would be alright, that I should not worry." With this mentality and her high level of Technical Difficulty, Kanaeva won the Olympic title with a score of 75.50, ahead of second place Inna Zhukova of Belarus by a margin of 3.50 points.
2009 season.
Because of the implementation of the new Code of Points, Kanaeva's style changed drastically in 2009, causing her to struggle with injury and exhaustion early in the season. Nevertheless, Kanaeva won gold medals in all four apparatuses at the 2009 European Championships in May. Then, in July, she collected all nine gold medals at the Universiade and the World Games. Her five gold medals in the Universiade enabled Russia to come first in the overall team ranking. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev openly complimented Kanaeva’s contribution. She was also hailed as the "Heroine of the Games" by the official website of Universiade Belgrade 2009.
In September, Kanaeva competed at the World Championships in Mie Prefecture, Japan. Kanaeva qualified for the individual all-around final by placing first in every single apparatus, each with a gold medal. Her results in individual apparatuses (along with those of her teammates Olga Kapranova, Daria Kondakova, and Daria Dmitrieva) helped win the team gold for Russia. In the individual all-around final, Kanaeva won her sixth gold medal by a margin of 0.600, beating by one the record set by Russian gymnast Oxana Kostina in 1992 of most gold medals won in a single rhythmic gymnastics World Championship. President Medvedev again acknowledged Kanaeva's new record by sending her a telegram of congratulations.
2010 & 2011 seasons.
In 2010 Kanaeva had an undefeated all-around season and finishing at the World Cup Final and Grand Prix Final winning the gold medals in all-around and event finals, she repejated as the 2010 European all-around champion ahead of teammate Daria Kondakova. At the 2010 World Championships, she won gold in the all-around, ball, hoop and silver in rope behind teammate Daria Kondakova.
Kanaeva started her 2011 season competing at the 2011 Moscow Grand Prix where she won gold in all-around and all event finals, she won silver in all-around at the Pesaro World Cup behind teammate Daria Kondakova nevertheless, she won all her other World Cup and Grand Prix series all-around competitions. She competed at the 2011 European Championships where she won gold in hoop, ball and a silver medal in ribbon behind Belarusian Liubov Charkashyna. In the 2011 World Championships, Kanaeva broke her own record by again winning 6 gold medals in a single World Championship, the all-around, event finals ( hoop, ball, clubs, ribbon ) and team event. At the 2011 Grand Prix Final in Brno, Kanaeva won gold in all-around and all event finals where she scored a perfect 30 in ribbon under the 30 point judging system. She finished her season winning the all-around at the 2011 Aeon Cup in Japan. She ranked 5th in the world ranking 2011 season, dropped form the 1st in 2010 season due to she didn't take part in many competition in the 2011 season. However, she ranked the 1st again in the 2012 season.
2012 Olympics season.
Kanaeva started her season with new hoop, clubs and ball routines at the Moscow Grand Prix. She finished 2nd in the all-around at the 2012 Moscow Grand Prix behind teammate Daria Kondakova, but won gold medals in the ribbon, clubs and hoop finals ahead of Daria Dmitrieva and Daria Kondakova. She followed her win at the Grand Prix by winning the all-around at the International Thiais Tournament. She went on to compete on her first World Cup of the season at Pesaro and won the all-around title as well the clubs, ball and hoop finals. She withdrew from Penza World Cup citing illness. She returned to competition at the Sofia World Cup where she beat the defending champion Daria Kondakova and won the event finals in ball and hoop. She did not qualify for the ribbon finals because of the two per country rule, with Kondakova and Dmitrieva ahead of her in the ribbon qualifications. She was also the champion in all-around at the 2012 Corbeil-Essonnes Cup ahead of compatriots Daria Dmitrieva and Alexandra Merkulova.
At the 2012 European Championships, Kanaeva won her third consecutive European All-around title and posted a score of 29.700 in her ball routine. In an interview after the event, she said: "This victory didn't come easy. In the future I have to put effort on executing elements stronger and more precisely. My coaches are satisfied, and it's very important. I don't live by victory but by what I do." Kanaeva then competed at the Grand Prix Vorarlberg in Austria, where she won gold medals in the all-around and all the apparatus finals. At the World Cup Final in Minsk, Kanaeva continued her consecutive records in the World Cup Final by winning the Gold medal in All-around ahead of teammate Daria Dmitrieva ( silver ) and Belarusian Liubov Charkashyna (bronze). Kanaeva also won all the gold medals (Ball, Hoop, Clubs and Ribbon) at the event finals.
In the qualifications at the 2012 Olympics, Kanaeva ranked 2nd on the first day, behind teammate Daria Dmitrieva, after an unusual errant of fumbling her hoop routine. On the second day, she moved ahead of Dmitrieva with a total score of 116.000 points.
During the finals, Kanaeva completed all four apparatus without any major mistakes. She was the only gymnast to score more than 29 points in the ball, hoop and clubs, falling short of that mark only with the ribbon that scored 28.900. Kanaeva finished with a total of 116.900 points, ahead of teammate Daria Dmitrieva who scored a total of 114.500 points.
Post-Olympics.
Kanaeva did not continue training after the Olympics. In November 2012, Irina Viner commented about the possibility of Kanaeva's return to the national team, saying "We never discuss the timing of return with such great gymnasts...Any time when she recovers and decides to come back, it will be a great joy for us."
At a conference of the Russian Rhythmic Gymnastics Federation (RRGF) on 4 December 2012 in Novogorsk, Kanaeva announced the end of her competitive career, saying "Most probably, I have finished my career. There was a choice between labor in training and switching to another activity."
At the same conference, it was announced that Kanaeva had been elected a vice-president of the RRGF, along with 2004 Olympic silver medalist Irina Tchachina. Kanaeva had expressed a desire to remain in rhythmic gymnastics indefinitely as a coach or in an administrative position. In June 2009, Shtelbaums stated that Kanaeva had the quality to become a good coach because of her attentiveness in instructing young rhythmic gymnasts.
Kanaeva was ranked 1st as the most Successful Female Athlete of Russia in 2012 beating Aliya Mustafina (2nd) and Maria Sharapova (3rd) for the top ranking. The overall rating was formed in the basis of the greatest number of votes of experts. Also, the maximum figures for the number of references in the paper and press the number of requests in the Russian segment of the Internet for a year.
In September 2013, Kanaeva was named "Woman of the year" by GQ Russia magazine. The award ceremony was held in Mayakovsky Theatre in Moscow.
Personal life.
Evgenia Kanaeva was born on 2 April 1990 in the Russian city of Omsk, Siberia (also the hometown of former World Champion and the first European Champion Galima Shugurova and 2004 Olympic Silver medalist Irina Tchachina). Her mother, Svetlana, was also a rhythmic gymnast who was granted the title of Master of Sports. Her father, Oleg Kanaev, was a coach and a former Greco-Roman wrestler. She has an elder brother named Egor who is also a Greco-Roman wrestler.
Kanaeva is enrolled at the Siberian State University of Physical Training and Sports. Kanaeva has expressed an interest in learning to draw and play piano after her sporting career. She is also keen on studying foreign languages and computer-related subjects. According to her mother, Kanaeva saves her prize money for future education.
Kanaeva has stated that if she were not a gymnast, she would take up dance professionally.
On 8 June 2013, Kanaeva married ice hockey player Igor Musatov who plays from UFA Club Salavat Yulaev of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). In August, Irina Viner announced Kanaeva is pregnant. In 8 October 2013, Kanaeva's father Oleg died of a heart attack on the plane during the flight from Turkey to Moscow, returning from the World Cup Championships of Greco-Roman wrestling.
Skills and influence on rhythmic gymnastics.
Pivot: Kanaeva is famous to perform the Triple Ring Pirouette and Ring Pivot Spiral (also known as "The Kanaeva Pivot") which she also popularized and frequently used, the ring pivots nowadays are incorporated by rhythmic gymnasts as an element executed in the routines. She has executed the quadruple ring turn in competitions and has completed the quadruple queen pivot, which is two turns in ring position connected to two turns in back split leg position that she performed from 2006 to 2009 Season.
Flexibility: Another signature move by Kanaeva is the Switch Turn. Her Switch Turn with the ball on her back while rotating 360 degrees on the floor. She has used her legs to carry the apparatus while performing Switch Turn in Hoop and Clubs which requires a lot of back flexibility.
Leap and balances: In balance, she has executed the Penchee 720 degree turn connecting to a ring knot position in 360 degree turn. In leaps, she has performed a switch leap with changing legs ( almost similar to a Butterfly twist leap ) in her 2012 Hoop routine, but the first rhythmic gymnast to perform this was another Russian Irina Tchachina, who was her coach's previous gymnast. She also performed the triple Kostina (a serie of three leaps with exchange of leg) in her Rope routine in 2010 but took it off after changing to her 2nd rope routine which she performed at the 2010 World Championships.
Mastery: Kanaeva has performed skills like the backscale pivot starting on the floor; then catching the apparatus thrown in the air. The chaine turn while in the last rotation catching the ball on her back.
Kanaeva is one of the few gymnast who possesses equal mastery, coordination and control in pivot, flexibility, leap and balance. A gymnast known for her consistency, elegant routines and high level of technical difficulty and artistry, she had no weak events in every apparatus (Hoop, Ball, Rope, Clubs and Ribbon).
Endorsements.
Kanaeva has been an ambassador for luxury watches house Longines since 2009. She was one of the chosen recipient of the Visa Sponsorship for the 2012 London Olympics. Kanaeva was also one of the nine elite athletes chosen to be the ambassador for Pantene for the Olympic Games. She has appeared in a commercial video for Pantene Pro-V.
Kanaeva was one of the 50 elite athletes of Russia chosen as an honorary ambassador for the 2013 Summer Universiade in Kazan.
Records.
Grand-Slam
24th RG European Championships Torino, Italy 2008
29th RG World Championships Mie, Japan 2009
31st World Championship Montpellier, France 2011
World Cup and Grand Prix
Grand Prix Final Brno, Czech 2011
Grand Prix Voralberg, Austria 2012
Olympic Games
Competitive highlights.
"(Team competitions in seniors are held only at the World Championships, Europeans and other Continental Games.)"

</doc>
<doc id="18385979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385979" title="Christian Heurich Mansion">
Christian Heurich Mansion

Heurich House, also known as the Brewmaster's Castle, is a Gilded Age mansion in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C.
History.
The house, built in 1892-94 by architect John Granville Meyers and commissioned by German immigrant and Brewer Christian Heurich. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The first two floors of the house are preserved, and include most of the original furnishings. In 1956, Heurich's widow deeded the house to the Historical Society of Washington, D.C.. In 2003 the Historical Society moved out of the house, putting the house on the open market.

</doc>
<doc id="18385985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18385985" title="Alitalia CityLiner">
Alitalia CityLiner

Alitalia CityLiner is the regional subsidiary of Alitalia. It operates short haul point to point flights with low passenger load factors, using regional airliners. It carries passengers from minor airports to Alitalia's hub at Rome Fiumicino. Alitalia CityLiner is the replacement for Alitalia Express.
History.
Alitalia CityLiner was founded as Air One CityLiner S.p.A. in June 2006, as a subsidiary of Air One, with a brand new fleet of 10 Bombardier CRJ-900's. Its first two legs were Trieste-Rome Fiumicino and Genoa-Naples on 7 June. By November of that year, all of the aircraft in the airline's first order were delivered. In April and May of the next year, the fleet grew to ten aircraft. In February 2007, it started its first international route Turin-Paris Charles de Gaulle.
On 13 January 2009, Air One and Alitalia merged under the Alitalia brand name. As a result, Air One CityLiner's aircraft were used on behalf of Alitalia group. On 20 April 2011, the airline was rebranded as Alitalia CityLiner. It became the only regional airline of the Alitalia group. A brand new fleet of 20 Embraer 175s and 190s was delivered from September 2011 onwards. 
In March 2012, Alitalia painted one of its Embraer E-190 (EI-RND) in a special SkyTeam livery.
Embraer 175 deliveries ended on March 24, 2013.
Destinations.
The Alitalia CityLiner planes operate short-haul domestic as well as international routes for Alitalia. It has operational bases at Rome-Fiumicino, Naples, Trieste and Milan-Linate.
Fleet.
As of June 2013, the Alitalia CityLiner fleet consists of the following aircraft:
In 2010, Alitalia considered ordering 20 Russian regional aircraft Sukhoi Superjet 100, but ordered Embraer 190 aircraft to update its regional fleet because the Superjets were not available for immediate delivery, as they still needed to be certified.
Historical Fleet.
Over the years, Alitalia has operated the following aircraft types (including aircraft inherited from Alitalia Express and Air One CityLiner):

</doc>
<doc id="18386007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386007" title="Water Resources Development Act of 2000">
Water Resources Development Act of 2000

The Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (WRDA 2000), , was enacted by Congress of the United States on December 11, 2000. Most of the provisions of WRDA 2000 are administered by the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
Title I: Water Resources Projects.
Authorizes projects for water resources development, conservation, and related purposes at specified water resources projects in Alaska, Arizona, California, the Delaware coast, Florida, Hawaii, Indiana and Kentucky, Kentucky and Ohio, the Ohio River in Kentucky, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia, Louisiana to the Gulf of Mexico, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Tennessee, Washington, and Wyoming.
Directs a study of, and if feasible, projects for: 
Authorizes certain projects in Louisiana, Minnesota, and Ohio for the beneficial uses of dredged material.
Amends the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 to authorize a shore protection project in Washington.
Authorizes a flood protection project in California.
Title II: General Provisions.
Amends the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 
Authorizes studying the feasibility of water resources development projects that will substantially benefit Indian tribes; and are located primarily within Indian country or in proximity to Alaska Native villages. 
Authorizes a program to reduce vandalism and destruction of property at water resources development projects, including awards to those providing information. 
Authorizes participation in the National Recreation Reservation Service and pay the Army's share of activities required to maintain such Service.
Amends Water Resources Development Act of 1996 to adjust and extend permanently the authorization of appropriations for interagency and international support to address problems of national significance to the United States.
Authorizes areas at Army civil works projects for the reburial of certain Native American remains discovered on project lands.
Amends various WRDA Acts to allow a non-Federal sponsor to include a nonprofit entity, with the consent of the affected local government, in projects for environmental dredging, the lakes program, and environmental improvement.
Authorizes the Corps of Engineers to provide specialized or technical services to a Federal agency (other than an agency of the Department of Defense) only if the chief executive of the requesting entity submits a request describing the scope of such services, an agreement to reimburse the Corps for their costs; and a certification that such services are not reasonably and quickly available through ordinary business channels. 
Authorizes various funding and cooperative agreement mechanisms with various entities, both Federal and non-Federal. 
Directs a program to allow the direct marketing of dredged materials to public agencies and private entities. 
Directs a contract with the National Academy of Sciences to study, and make recommendations relating to, the independent peer review of water resources project feasibility reports, including a review of methods for project analysis. 
Amends the Water Resources Development Act of 1990 
Amends the Flood Control Act of 1948 to increase from $40,000 to $50,000 the maximum expenditure for small flood control projects.
Authorizes a pilot program to test the design-build method of project delivery on various authorized Corps civil works projects. 
Amends the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 to add sites in Iowa, Minnesota, New York, Pennsylvania, and Texas to authorized flood mitigation and riverine restoration projects.
Title III: Project-Related Provisions.
Modifies the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway wildlife mitigation project, Alabama and Mississippi, to authorize removal of the wildlife mitigation purpose designation from up to of such project's land, and to take related actions.
Modifies funding ratios and agreements on the following projects:
Modifies the following projects
Directs construction of an authorized flood control project in Cumberland, Kentucky. 
Authorizes design and construction assistance for recreational facilities at William Jennings Randolph Lake, Maryland and West Virginia; and complete the project for flood damage reduction, Breckenridge, Minnesota, at a specified cost.
Authorizes the project for navigation, New Madrid County Harbor, Missouri.
Authorizes a project at Fort Peck Lake, Montana, for the design and construction of a fish hatchery and associated facilities necessary to sustain a multispecies fishery. 
Directs maintenance dredging of the Sagamore Creek Channel, New Hampshire.
Directs a study of the Garrison Dam, North Dakota, feature of the project for flood control, Missouri River Basin, to determine if the damage to a certain water transmission line is the result of a design deficiency and, if so, to correct the deficiency.
Declares specified portions of Erie County, New York, to be nonnavigable waters of the United States, unless the Secretary finds that proposed projects there are not in the public interest.
Deauthorizes specified navigation projects
Directs certain real estate transactions in Connecticut, Illinois, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Louisiana, Michigan, and South Carolina.
Authorizes projects on the Narraguagus River, Maine, and Cedar Bayou, Texas, to be carried out by the Secretary, but prohibits construction therein until the Secretary determines that the project is technically sound, environmentally acceptable, and economically justified.
Continues project authorizations for: (1) flood control, Sacramento River, California; and (2) flood protection on a portion of such River.
Amends the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 to include St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, within authorized projects to address water quality problems associated with storm water runoffs.
Title IV: Studies.
Authorizes project studies in Florida, Illinois, Oregon, the Lower Mississippi River, the Upper Mississippi River, the Ohio River, Alabama, the Arkansas River, California, the Delaware River, Georgia, Idaho, Indiana, Kansas, Louisiana, Maine and New Hampshire, Massachusetts and New Hampshire, Minnesota, Mississippi, Nevada, New Hampshire, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Wisconsin.
Title V: Miscellaneous Provisions.
Amends WRDA 1986 
Amends WRDA 1996 
Makes certain competitive bid requirements inapplicable to any contract, agreement, or grant entered into between the Secretary and Marshall University or Juniata College in support of the Army civil works program.
Directs a plan for Corps activities that support the management of Great Lakes fisheries; plan, design, and construct projects to support the restoration of the fishery, ecosystem, and beneficial uses of the Great Lakes; and a cooperative agreement with the Great Lakes Fishery Commission or any other agency established to facilitate active State participation in Great Lakes management. 
Directs assessment of the condition of water resources and related ecosystems in New England to identify problems and needs for restoring, preserving, and protecting New England water resources, ecosystems, wildlife, and fisheries. 
Amends WRDA 1992 to redefine areas authorized for the construction of: (1) a visitors center at Fort Smith, Arkansas; and (2) an interpretive site in Vicksburg, Mississippi.
Authorizes participation in the planning and management associated with the CALFED Bay- Delta Program, an ecosystem restoration program for the San Joaquin and Sacramento River basins, California. 
Directs projects for 
Directs reimbursement of the non-Federal interest for certain costs under the project for navigation, Port Everglades Harbor, Florida.
Directs a program to convey to eligible property owners the right to maintain existing habitation structures on land acquired by the United States for the Lake Sidney Lanier, Georgia, project; or release such owners from a related easement prohibition as it applies to existing structures.
Authorizes certain environmental quality improvements at Ballard's Island, Illinois, if the Secretary determines that such work is integral to the project.
Directs a proposed comprehensive plan for restoring, preserving, and protecting the Illinois River basin using new technologies and innovative approaches. 
Directs (1), if the work is determined integral, the non-Federal costs for certain aquatic ecosystem restoration at Koontz Lake, Indiana; (2) investigate the contamination of the well system in West View Shores, Maryland; and (3) carry out the project for flood damage reduction and environmental restoration at Muddy River, Brookline and Boston, Massachusetts.
Prohibits requiring a cargo vessel equipped with bow thrusters and friction winches traversing the Soo Locks in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, to provide more than two crew members to serve as line handlers.
Directs an inventory of dams constructed in Minnesota by the Works Progress Administration, the Works Projects Administration, and the Civilian Conservation Corps, and to assess their condition and need for rehabilitation. 
Designates a specified portion of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, Minnesota, as the Bruce F. Vento Unit of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness.
Directs participation in restoration projects for critical coastal wetlands and coastal barrier islands in Mississippi. 
Directs participation in the project at Las Vegas Wash and Lake Mead in accordance with a specified plan. 
Directs a research program to evaluate opportunities to manage peak flood flows in urbanized New Jersey watersheds. 
Requires technical assistance to Yonkers, New York, relating to the dredging of the Nepperhan River outlet.
Directs a study, strategy, and project to reduce flood damages and create wildlife habitat in the Upper Mohawk River Basin, New York.
Directs the Secretary to carry out certain flood damage reduction projects in eastern North Carolina and Ohio. 
Directs technical assistance to non-Federal interests to evaluate the structural integrity of the bulkhead system along the Cuyahoga River in the vicinity of Cleveland, Ohio.
Directs a long-term lease with the city of Crowder, Oklahoma, under which the city may develop, operate, and maintain as a public park all or a portion of Crowder Point on Lake Eufaula, Oklahoma.
Directs the Secretary to studies and ecosystem restoration projects for the Lower Columbia River and Tillamook Bay estuaries, Oregon and Washington. 
Authorizes certain real estate transactions at Raystown Lake project, Pennsylvania and in Aberdeen, Washington.
Directs a plan to support ecosystem restoration of the Charleston Harbor estuary, South Carolina.
Amends WRDA 1999 relating to the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe, Lower Brule Sioux Tribe, and South Dakota terrestrial wildlife habitat restoration program to: (1) fund such program through funds made available under the Pick-Sloan Missouri Basin Program and through grants to such tribes and South Dakota; (2) require consultation with such tribes in expending amounts from trust funds established for such program; (3) require the Secretary to lease to South Dakota in perpetuity certain recreation areas within the boundaries of the program; (4) require the Secretary to clean up each open dump and hazardous waste site identified on program lands and recreation areas; (5) require such tribes and South Dakota to establish the Cultural Resources Advisory Commission to advise with respect to cultural resources on such lands and recreation areas; (6) require the Secretary to inventory and stabilize each Commission-identified cultural and historic site; (7) direct the Secretary to complete a study, and take appropriate remedial action, with respect to sediment contamination in the Cheyenne River (authorizing appropriations for such purpose); and (8) provide additional authorizations of appropriations for activities added under this section, with specified allocations among such tribes and South Dakota.
Directs a limited reevaluation report of the project for flood control, Horn Lake Creek and tributaries, Tennessee and Mississippi.
Authorizes critical restoration projects in the Lake Champlain watershed, Vermont and New York and Puget Sound, Washington, and adjacent waters. 
Directs a study evaluating the structural integrity and need for modification or removal of each of ten specified dams in Vermont.
Directs a feasibility study of providing coastal erosion protection for the tribal reservation of the Shoalwater Bay Tribe on Willapa Bay, Washington.
Modifies the project for flood control, Bluestone Lake, Ohio River basin, West Virginia, to authorize construction of hydroelectric generation facilities by the Tri-Cities Power Authority of West Virginia.
Amends the Water Resources Development Act of 1988 to direct the preservation of the Jenkins House within the Lesage/Greenbottom Swamp, West Virginia.
Authorizes planning and design assistance to non-Federal projects located along the Tug Fork River, West Virginia.
Amends the Water Resources Development Act of 1982 to include environmental restoration within authorized activities under a pilot program for providing certain assistance to non-Federal interests in southern West Virginia.
Directs an agreement with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) for providing NOAA with data on the results of any navigation channel hydrographic survey conducted by the Corps.
Directs the Tennessee Valley Authority to release a specified use restriction with respect to lands in Decatur, Alabama, previously conveyed to the Ingalls Shipbuilding Corporation.
Title VI: Comprehensive Everglades Restoration.
Approves the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan, as contained in a specified report dated April 1, 1999, as a framework for modifications and operational changes to the Central and Southern Florida Project that are needed to restore, preserve, and protect the South Florida ecosystem while providing for other water-related needs of the region, including water supply and flood protection. Directs the Secretary to integrate such Project with ongoing Federal and State projects and activities under WRDA 1996. Authorizes the Secretary to implement Project modifications that are described in the Plan and will produce a substantial benefit to the restoration, preservation, and protection of the South Florida ecosystem. Approves with limitations the Loxahatchee National Wildlife Refuge and the Southern Corkscrew Regional Ecosystem.
Prohibits any appropriation from being made for a Plan project until the President and the Governor of Florida enter into a binding agreement to ensure that water made available under the Plan is not otherwise used until sufficient reservations of water for the restoration of the natural system exist. Provides for enforcement of such requirement.
Requires the Secretary and the non-Federal sponsor to develop project implementation reports.
Prohibits Plan implementation from reducing current flood protection levels.
Directs the Secretary and Governor to develop an agreement for resolving disputes associated with Plan implementation.
Requires the Secretary, Secretary of the Interior, and Governor to establish an independent scientific review panel to review the Plan's progress toward achieving its natural system restoration goals. 
Requires the Secretary to report to Congress a determination as to whether the ongoing Biscayne Aquifer Storage and Recovery Program in Dade County, Florida, has a substantial benefit to the restoration, preservation, and protection of the South Florida ecosystem.
Expresses the sense of Congress that
Other Acts within P.L. 106-541.
Missouri River Protection and Improvement Act of 2000.
Establishes the: (1) North Dakota Missouri River Trust committee; and (2) Missouri River Task Force. Requires the Task Force to: (1) prepare and vote on approval of a plan for the use of funds for conservation practices, the control and removal of sediment, and related protection measures for the Missouri River; and (2) review and recommend to the Secretary projects for meeting plan goals and projects critical to plan implementation. Requires the plan to be made available for public review and comment prior to implementation. Directs the Secretary, after plan approval, to identify critical plan restoration projects. Requires the Secretary to ensure that not less than 30 percent of critical project funds are used exclusively for projects that are either within the boundary of an Indian reservation or administered by an Indian tribe.
Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge Enhancement Act of 2000.
Requires the Secretary and the Secretary of the Interior to prohibit the issuance of new cabin site leases within the Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge, Montana, except as necessary to consolidate with, or substitute for, existing cabin site leases. Requires the Secretary to determine cabin sites that are not suitable for conveyance to a lessee for any reason that adversely impacts the future habitability of the cabin sites, and to offer to such lessees the opportunity to acquire a comparable cabin within the same area. Prohibits the conveyance of cabin sites determined to be unsuitable.
Allows lessees that do not offer to lease a comparable site or who decline such an offer to continue to lease their current site for the remainder of such lease through 2010. 
Authorizes sale of cabin sites that are not conveyed and have not been determined to be unsuitable for habitation. Requires proceeds from sold cabin sites to be used to acquire from willing sellers other property within or adjacent to the Refuge that would be suitable to: (1) achieve Refuge wildlife conservation purposes; (2) protect local fish and wildlife habitat; (3) enhance public opportunities for Refuge hunting, fishing, and other wildlife- dependent activities; (4) improve Refuge management; or (5) reduce Federal expenditures associated with administration of the cabin site leases.
Missouri River Restoration Act of 2000.
Establishes the: (1) Missouri River Trust committee; and (2) Missouri River Task Force. Requires the Task Force to: (1) prepare and vote on approval of a plan for the use of funds for conservation practices along the Missouri River watershed, including sediment control and removal, protection of Indian, historical and cultural sites, and erosion control; and (2) review and recommend to the Secretary projects critical to plan implementation. Requires the plan to be made available for public review and comment prior to implementation. Directs the Secretary, after plan approval, to identify critical plan restoration projects. Requires the Secretary to ensure that not less than 30 percent of critical project funds are used exclusively for projects that are either within the boundary of an Indian reservation or administered by an Indian tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="18386012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386012" title="American Nerd">
American Nerd

American Nerd: The Story of My People is a book by Benjamin Nugent. The book discusses the history and origin of the term "nerd", as well as what the term means in today's age. Some of the important topics discussed include the racial differences for the term "nerd", such as how race played into Urkel, a nerdy character played by Jaleel White on the TV series "Family Matters".
Appearances.
The book and the author were featured on Last Call with Carson Daly as well as The Sound of Young America on NPR.

</doc>
<doc id="18386014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386014" title="Kafur">
Kafur

Kafur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18386020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386020" title="Marked &quot;Personal&quot;">
Marked &quot;Personal&quot;

Marked Personal (1893) is a detective novel by American author Anna Katherine Green.
Synopsis.
On the evening of July 13, 1863, two men from Washington and Boston, respectively, leave their homes after showing signs of agitation and distress throughout the day. That morning, each one had received a mysterious letter marked 'personal', which they both quickly destroyed...

</doc>
<doc id="18386048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386048" title="Mohammad Alirezaei">
Mohammad Alirezaei

Mohammad Alirezaei Dizicheh (, born 27 July 1985 in Esfahan) is an Iranian breaststroke swimmer.
By qualifying for the 2008 Summer Olympics, Alirezaei became the first Iranian ever to qualify for an Olympic swimming event without using wildcard. However, according to team officials, Alirezaei fell ill before his event, and was taken to a hospital in Beijing. Several other media reports stated Alirezaei had been ordered by Iranian authorities to withdraw from the competition to avoid swimming against Israeli swimmer Tom Be'eri.
Giselle Davies, director of communications for the IOC, stated that Alirezaei had confirmed in writing that he withdrew from the men's 100 metre breaststroke because of illness and that the committee would take Alirezaei at his word. Iran could have faced sanctions had the IOC decided that Alirezaei pulled out of the race because an Israeli was scheduled to compete. Giselle Davies, director of communications for the IOC, said that Alirezaei withdrew because of sickness and submitted his case in writing to his Federation. Davies stated that "We take both the athlete and the National Olympic Committee at their word on this."
Alirezaei also withdrew from the 100 metre breaststroke at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships after he was put in the same heat with Israeli swimmer Gal Nevo.
Alirezaei's withdrawal has been compared to a similar incident at the 2004 Athens Games involving Iranian Judo champion Arash Miresmaeili.

</doc>
<doc id="18386066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386066" title="Mladé Bříště">
Mladé Bříště

Mladé Bříště is a village in the Pelhřimov District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 245 people live there and it has 5.33 km². It was first documented in 1226.

</doc>
<doc id="18386067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386067" title="High Heeled Blues">
High Heeled Blues

High Heeled Blues is a blues album by the American blues guitarist and singer Rory Block. It was released in 1981 through Rounder Records. It was produced by John Sebastian and engineered by Shep Siegel at Bearsville Sound Studio.

</doc>
<doc id="18386079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386079" title="Codman-Davis House">
Codman-Davis House

The Codman-Davis House is a four-story, red brick, 1906, classical revival house in Washington, D.C. at 2145 Decatur Place NW (in the Kalorama neighborhood). It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The house is the residence of the Ambassador of Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="18386091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386091" title="Trashed (Black Sabbath song)">
Trashed (Black Sabbath song)

"Trashed" is a single from the album "Born Again", by the heavy metal band Black Sabbath. It is the first song of the album, and one of the first songs by the Gillan Sabbath lineup.
Background.
"Trashed" relates how Gillan crashed Ward's car during an alcohol-fuelled race around the grounds of the recording studio. Ian Gillan recounts:
The song was re-recorded by Gillan for his solo album "Gillan's Inn", with Tony Iommi, Ian Paice and Roger Glover. This version was featured on the 2011 compilation album .
The track also gained some controversy, as it was featured in the PMRC "Filthy Fifteen" list. They claimed the song was about drug and alcohol abuse. This is ironic, considering that it was in fact a warning against driving under the influence. "Thank you Mr. Miracle", the lyric goes, "you saved me from some pain/I thank you Mr. Miracle I won't get trashed again / Oh can't you hear my lies? Don't you bother with this fool just laugh into his eyes". The PMRC might have managed to listen to the song before condeming it, but the publicity resulted in an increase in album sales for many of the bands on the list. 
The song also had a music video. Like a majority of songs on the album, it was only performed during Ian Gillan's time with the band, and was only performed once during a show on August 21, 1983. 

</doc>
<doc id="18386095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386095" title="Delhi Belly (film)">
Delhi Belly (film)

Delhi Belly () is a 2011 Indian black comedy film written by Akshat Verma and directed by Abhinay Deo. It stars Imran Khan, Kunaal Roy Kapur, Vir Das, Poorna Jagannathan and Shenaz Treasurywala. While the original version was in Hinglish, a Hindi dubbed version was also released. The film is produced by Aamir Khan Productions and IBC Motion Pictures. The theatrical trailer of the film premiéred with Aamir Khan's "Dhobi Ghat" on 21 January 2011 while the film was released on 1 July 2011. The film was given an 'A' certificate for its obscene language and adult content. The film was remade in Tamil as Settai.
Plot.
The story revolves around three roommates, journalist Tashi (Imran Khan), photographer Nitin Berry (Kunaal Roy Kapur) and cartoonist Arup (Vir Das), leading an unkempt and debt-ridden life in a shoddy apartment. Tashi's ditzy fiancée, Sonia (Shenaz Treasurywala), is an air hostess who agrees to deliver a package for Vladimir Dragunsky (Kim Bodnia) to Somayajulu (Vijay Raaz), without realizing its contents or that Somayajulu is a gangster. Sonia asks Tashi to deliver the package. Tashi, in turn, asks Nitin to do so. But Nitin is unable to do so as he is suffering 'Delhi Belly'. Nitin hands Sonia's package to Arup for delivery to Somayajulu, along with a package containing his stool sample for delivery to Nitin's doctor. Arup mixes up the two bags. Somayajulu, furious, tortures Vladimir to find his package.
Meanwhile, Nitin photographs his landlord with a prostitute. He sends an envelope with the photographs to his landlord to blackmail him. Tashi is with Sonia, when his colleague Menaka (Poorna Jagannathan) calls him on the pretext of work. When he reaches the place he realizes that it is just a party and Menaka called him just to have fun. Menaka's ex-husband Rajeev sees them together and gives Tashi a black-eye in a fit of jealousy. Tashi retaliates and knocks Rajeev out. As Tashi and Menaka leave they are chased by a furious Rajeev and his friends who shoot at them. The duo barely manages to escape.
Vladimir informs Somayajulu that the mix-up must have been caused by Sonia as she didn't know what she was carrying in the package. Somayajulu calls Sonia, informs her about the mix-up and asks her to give him the address of the person who had delivered the package. When Tashi arrives into his apartment, he walks into Somayajulu who has Arup standing on a stool with a noose around his neck. On hard interrogation, Somayajulu discovers the mix-up and realizes that the package must be with Nitin's doctor.
Nitin gets the package from his doctor's office, wherein Somayajulu finds his thirty diamonds hidden inside. Upon recovering his booty, he orders his henchmen to kill the three roommates. One of them is about to shoot Tashi, when another kicks the stool on which Arup was standing to hang him. Luckily for the roommates, the ceiling of the apartment collapses, since it can't take Arup's weight. The cave-in knocks out Somayajulu and his men, leaving one with broken arms. Tashi, Arup and Nitin escape with the diamonds and spend the night at Menaka's place. The next day they sell the diamonds to a local jeweller.
As the roommates prepare to get out of town with the money, they get a call from Somayajulu who has kidnapped Sonia. He threatens to kill her if they don't return the diamonds. The trio try to buy back the diamonds from the jeweller, who demands double the sale amount.
Without the money, Tashi comes up with a plan. Nitin, Arup, Tashi and Menaka disguise themselves in burqa and rob the jeweller, leaving him the bag of money. They flee in Tashi's car with the police on their tail and go to the hotel where Somayajulu is holding Sonia. As they are about to make the exchange with Somayajulu, the police arrive at the hotel room. There is a shoot-out between the police and Somayajulu's gang.
Nitin, Arup, Tashi and Sonia, who had hit the floor during the gunfight, are left as the only survivors. Menaka, who by now realises that she likes Tashi, is upset to learn about his engagement and walks away from him. Tashi breaks off his engagement to Sonia. Later, it is revealed that Nitin did not return the cash to the jewellery store owner, and had kept most of the money for himself (whereupon he abandons blackmailing the landlord). The film ends when Menaka comes to the roommates' apartment to return Tashi's car's hubcap lost while escaping from Rajeev. Tashi jumps into her car through the open window and kisses her passionately.
Producer-actor Aamir Khan is seen dancing in a song and dance performance as the credits start rolling.
Production.
Development.
This film was written by Akshat Verma, a Los Angeles based writer, who first wrote the screenplay as a part of his studies at Screenwriting programme at UCLA, under the title "Say Cheese". Subsequently after he lost his job as a copywriter in US, around 2005, he revived the script. Akshat had to compile 15 drafts before the movie went on floors. It took him more than three years to finish writing the story. He visited Mumbai along with Jim Furgele, to unsuccessfully pitch the film to various film producers, eventually after submitting a draft to Aamir Khan Productions, he left. The script was thrown into a pile of scripts in Aamir Khan's office, where Kiran Rao randomly picked it, read it and began to laugh. Soon it was read by Aamir Khan who contacted the writer who was initially hesitant that it might ruin the "clean, family entertainment" tag of Aamir Khan Productions, though Aamir had produced two A-certificate films before, "Peepli Live" and "Dhobi Ghat".
Casting.
Earlier, Ranbir Kapoor and Chitrangada Singh were to star in the film. After both of them backed off, Aamir signed his nephew Imran Khan for the lead role following the tremendous success of his debut film "Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na". Shooting for the film began in August 2008 in Delhi. Indian comedian Vir Das was also signed to star in the film. According to director Abhinay Deo, "Delhi Belly is an ensemble piece. It's not a film about Imran Khan. He is only one of the several protagonists. There are others whose characters are just as important. There is Kunal Roy Kapoor, Vir Das and Poorna Jagannathan, an Indian actress from LA". The film was stuck at the editing table for a long time. Initially, Aamir was to spearhead the editing but he got busy with his own films.
Release.
On 3 July 2011, the Government of Nepal banned screening of the movie citing the reluctance by the cinema halls to remove offensive scenes from the film. However, Nepal's censors later agreed to clear the film for viewing by theatre goers above 16 years. An offending scene showing one of the protagonists, played by Kunaal Roy Kapur, visiting a brothel, was cut and some expletives in two scenes were muted. The film was selected for being screened in the Harvard Business School and Harvard Kennedy School as a part of the Harvard India Conference 2012. Director Abhinay Deo was invited as a guest.
Critical reception.
Nikhat Kazmi of the "Times of India" rated the film with four out of five stars, and said – "All in all, Delhi Belly is a fine example of how the brightest and the boldest, when they pool in their talent, can create a film that is guaranteed to give you your money's worth, even as it re-writes all the moth-balled rules of an ageing industry. Enjoy the experience." Pratim D. Gupta of "The Telegraph" called "Delhi Belly" "an insanely funny ensemble comedy" and praised writer Akshat Verma's "original screenplay, which knows the difference between physical comedy and slapstick humour." Behindwoods gave a score of three and a half stars and said that the film was "Only for those with a cast iron stomach." further citing "In conclusion, it may be said that Delhi Belly caters to a section of the populace that is cool when shit happens." Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama rated the movie with four and a half stars and wrote – "Eventually, Delhi Belly works big time predominantly for the reason that it's a pioneering motion picture, an incredible film that dares to pierce into an untapped and brand new terrain. The unblemished, racy screenplay coupled with super performances and a chartbusting musical score will make it a winner all the way." Nikita Kapoor of FilmiTadka rated "Delhi Belly" with four out of five stars and wrote in her review "a special shout goes out to the writer of this brilliant stuff, Akshat Verma, Delhi Belly is a first of its kind Adult Comedy in India, this can seriously turn out to be a path breaker, trend setter, but yes I also worry, in an industry which likes to follow the 'formula', Indian shores might soon hit with gross and vulgar rip-offs of American Pie, etc." Mihir Fadnavis of "Daily News and Analysis" called the script "hilarious" and "bitingly perceptive" and gave the film four out of five stars, saying "I haven't had this much fun at the movies in a long time". Mathures Paul of the "The Statesman" gave the film four out of five stars, and wrote, "It’s a fashionable film for fashionable youth." Raja Sen of Rediff gave the movie three stars out of a possible five, saying "Delhi Belly has a tight, pacy plot which has lots of satisfying little set-ups and pay-offs". Rajeev Masand of CNN-IBN gave the film three and a half out of five stars, saying "Delhi Belly is a filthy comic thriller that works because it's a smartly paced wild-ride". He also praised Vijay Raaz's performance, saying that the gangster's role had been "played wonderfully".
The movie also received high praise from critics outside India. Lisa Tsering of "The Hollywood Reporter" called it a "Sexy, filthy and thoroughly entertaining comedy" and that it "marks a welcome shift in contemporary Indian cinema." She however pointed out that Aamir Khan "overstays his welcome" in his cameo at the end of the film, and that "a momentary glimpse would have had more impact." Kevin Thomas of "The Los Angeles Times" said that "Akshat Verma's script is imaginative and funny, the film's stars are engaging and "Delhi Belly" adds up to pleasing escapist fare." Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" also praised the film, saying that "The sheer daftness and goofiness of this Bollywood comedy-farce makes it likable."
Other reviewers, however, deplored the scatological basis of most of the humour and the hackneyed scenarios in the movie. Shubhra Gupta of "The Indian Express" had this to say in her review: "After a while, the continuous bad tummy rumbles and farts, and the non-stop cussing, wears thin. And please, wearing burqas as disguise is not the only way you can have characters on the run in the grungier parts of town, even if you overlay the chase with the ultra-clever, super-catchy Bhaag D K Bose ditty. There are, believe us, other ways."
Box office.
The film opened very well at the box office. It grossed in the first week of screening all around India and US$1.6 million overseas. The film grossed in India by the end of its third week, being declared a super hit. "Delhi Belly" grossed worldwide.
Influences.
The movie was inspired by 2000 Hollywood movie Snatch (film).
Delhi Belly further inspired the plot of Telugu movie Swamy Ra Ra, which was also a hit movie.
Soundtrack.
The music of the film was composed by Ram Sampath while the lyrics were penned by Amitabh Bhattacharya, Munna Dhiman, Ram Sampath, Akshat Verma and Chetan Shashital. The song "Bhaag D.K. Bose" created controversy upon the its release. 'D K Bose, D K Bose,' juxtaposed and sung at a quick pace forms a popular expletive in North India. Akshat Verma came up with the idea of using the phrase 'D K Bose'. Abhinay Deo and Aamir Khan gave their nod to the song as they felt the catch phrase went with the young and irreverent theme of the film.
Sequel.
With the success of Delhi Belly, there were several rumours going around speculating a sequel in the "Disco Fighter". When questioned about the possibility of the sequel Kiran Rao, director wife of Aamir Khan stated "“The film is nowhere in the scene. We haven’t started planning or strategising anything for the sequel at all. Whatever news is out till now is baseless”.

</doc>
<doc id="18386096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386096" title="Laut Aao">
Laut Aao

Laut Aao is the music album produced by Pakistani pop singer, Ahmed Jahanzeb. The album was released in 2008 by Tips Industries. two videos (Chandani Raat Mein)and (mai aur tu) have been released yet. 

</doc>
<doc id="18386105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386105" title="Pont de pierre (Bordeaux)">
Pont de pierre (Bordeaux)

The Pont de pierre, or "Stone Bridge" in English, is a bridge in Bordeaux, (in the Gironde department of France), which connects the left bank of the Garonne River ("cours Victor Hugo") to the right bank "quartier de la Bastide" ("Avenue Thiers").
Overview.
First bridge over the Garonne River at Bordeaux, it was planned and designed during the First French Empire, under the orders of Napoleon I, but its construction took place during the Bourbon Restoration, from 1819 to 1822. During these three years, the builders were faced with many challenges because of the strong current at that point in the river. They used a diving bell borrowed from the British to stabilize the bridge's pillars. It has seventeen arches (number of letters in the name Napoléon Bonaparte). On the sides, each pile of bricks is capped by a white medallion in honor of the emperor. It also carries the coat of arms of the city (three intertwined crescents). It was the only bridge until the construction of "pont Saint-Jean" in 1965.
The bridge and its tide is an important point in the Itinéraire à Grand Gabarit, the logistic schedule transporting parts for the Airbus A380 production.
Postage stamp.
On 26 April 2004, a tourist stamp was issued for €0.50 in Bordeaux. It shows the bridge and a train Pierre "tramway de Bordeaux" inaugurated on 21 December 2003. Contrary to what the stamp shows, the tram passes on the bridge, and not on a second bridge alongside. The design is the work of Claude Andréotto, engraved by Claude Jumelet for printing intaglio. The stamp was withdrawn from sale on 12 November 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18386122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386122" title="USS Iroquois (AT-46)">
USS Iroquois (AT-46)

USS "Iroquois" (AT-46) was a tugboat acquired by the United States Navy in anticipation of need for the Spanish-American War. She performed a variety of duties at a number of locations, both in the Pacific Ocean as well as the Atlantic Ocean. In 1925, she was finally decommissioned, and sold by the Navy a few years later.
Built in San Francisco.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Iroquois" — a steam tug — was built as "Fearless" by Union Iron Works, San Francisco, California in 1892; purchased by the Navy from J. D. Spreckles Bros. & Co. on 18 April 1898 during preparations for the expected war with Spain; and commissioned as "Iroquois" on 6 July 1898, Lieutenant L. H. Turner in command.
Service in the Pacific Ocean.
"Iroquois" served as a station tug at Mare Island Navy Yard in California until 19 January 1899, when she sailed for duty in the Hawaiian Islands. Upon arriving Honolulu on 28 January, she acted as a station tug, mail boat, and even surveying ship between the main islands and Midway Islands. 
She returned to Mare Island on 15 February 1910, and for the next 10 years operated between that base and San Diego, California, as a collier and supply ship. "Iroquois" also performed patrol and salvage duties during this period.
World War I service.
After America's entry into World War I, the tug steamed to New York City early in 1918, and for the next few months served as a tug and convoy escort along the U.S. East Coast. 
Following this service, she departed New York on 30 June 1919 for Charleston, South Carolina, then left for San Diego, California, arriving on 27 October. She served 13th Naval District as a harbor craft out of San Diego until 1925.
Decommissioning.
"Iroquois" was decommissioned on 7 March 1925. She was sold to Benjamin L. Jones of Bellington, Washington on 15 May 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="18386176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386176" title="2000–01 Bundesliga (women)">
2000–01 Bundesliga (women)

The Bundesliga (women) 2000–01 was the 11th season of the Bundesliga (women), Germany's premier football league. It began on 15 October 2000 and ended on 10 June 2001.
Final standings.
Sportfreunde Siegen did not receive a license for 2001–02 to play in the Bundesliga. Flaesheim retired voluntary from the Bundesliga. Therefore Heike Rheine and 1. FC Saarbrücken remained in the league.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="18386184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386184" title="Brilliance BS4">
Brilliance BS4

The Brilliance BS4 is a four-door notchback sedan produced by Brilliance Auto in the People's Republic of China, where it is known as the Zhonghua Junjie. The car was scheduled for launch in Germany, Europe’s largest national car market, in 2007.
Following poor crash test results of the BS6 model and ensuing press comments, a Western launch was postponed at the last minute, and German sales were expected to start in the autumn of 2008, when the vehicle’s structure was expected to have been modified in order to achieve improved European crash test ratings. After modification, it achieved 0 stars.
Engine.
Initially the car was offered with an old Mitsubishi designed 1.8 L four cylinder engine claiming of output. A turbocharged 1.8 L unit developed by Brilliance themselves, with outputs of or , is already included on domestic market models. A diesel engine for installation in the European market version is still under development.
Transmission.
The turbocharged version is available only with a four-speed automatic transmission, but for the European market base version a "sloppy" five-speed manual gear box is offered.
Ride and handling.
Ride quality is "reasonably comfortable" but steering is "vague".
Equipment.
The car has electronically adjustable leather seats, air conditioning and electronic parking assistance. Interior plastic is "harsh and cheap" and leather quality "cheap". However ESC, which has become mainstream for European cars of this class, is not offered.
Commercial.
A precise date for a European press launch of the BS4 has not yet been announced.
The car is produced under licence by North Korean automaker Pyeonghwa as the Pyeonghwa Hwiparam II.

</doc>
<doc id="18386197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386197" title="The Grapes of Life">
The Grapes of Life

The Grapes of Life is the 1987 studio album by the noted and influential British Folk guitarist, singer and songwriter Wizz Jones. 

</doc>
<doc id="18386198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386198" title="Carlow boxing club">
Carlow boxing club

Carlow Boxing Club is a boxing club in Carlow, Ireland. 
The training is done mainly by the Lawlor family, which includes Mary Lawlor, Ireland's first ever female boxing referee.
References.
www.irishsportscouncil.ie/GetAttachment.aspx?id=f100b4d0-67c5-4007-aa31-f3cd3807f794

</doc>
<doc id="18386206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386206" title="Gripping Sailor's hitch">
Gripping Sailor's hitch

The Gripping Sailor's Hitch(*) is a secure, jam-proof hitch used to tie one rope to another, or a rope to a pole, boom, spar, etc., when the pull is lengthwise along the object. It will even grip a tapered object, such as a marlin spike, in the direction of taper, similar to the Icicle hitch. It is much superior to the rolling hitch for that purpose.
(*) Sometimes incorrectly presented under name Sailor's Gripping Hitch. It's a gripping version of the Sailor's Hitch, not Sailor's version of a non-existent Gripping Hitch.

</doc>
<doc id="18386211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386211" title="Bill Sortet">
Bill Sortet

Wilbur John "Bill" Sortet (June 25, 1912January 22, 1998) was an end who played eight seasons in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Pirates/Steelers. Sortet attended West Virginia University.
A 1939 Official Program for a Pirates Intra-Squad Game shows Sortet's position as "R.G." and weighing in at 190 lbs.

</doc>
<doc id="18386215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386215" title="Steve Madere">
Steve Madere

Steve Madere was the founder and CEO of Deja News (now Google Groups) and holds a Masters in Science degree in physics from the University of California at San Diego.
He's held numerous other positions at other firms including IBM, The Kernel Group (now Symantec), Barfly Interactive Networks, an interactive signage company in Austin, Texas and founded the Advisory board to Journyx.
Honors.
On December 2, 1998, the Austin chapter of the Association of Information Technology Professionals (AITP) named Steve Madere "Austin Information Technologist of the Year".,

</doc>
<doc id="18386224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386224" title="Shirley Institute">
Shirley Institute

The Shirley Institute was established in 1920 as the British Cotton Industry Research Association at The Towers in Didsbury, Manchester as a research centre dedicated to cotton production technologies. It was at the Institute that Ventile was invented.
It was funded by the Cotton Board through a statutory levy.
The BCRA merged with the British Rayon Research Association to form the Cotton, Silk, and Man-Made Fibres Research Association in 1961.
Dr Douglas Hill was Director of Research of the BCRA before the merger and led the new organisation. The Director of the BRRA, Leonard Albert Wiseman became Deputy Director. Len Wiseman became Director on Dr Hill's retirement in 1969 and held the post until 1980.
The Shirley Institute developed the tog as an easy-to-follow measure of the thermal resistance of textiles as an alternative to the SI unit of m2K/W.
In 1987–1990 it merged with the Wira Technology Group to form the British Textile Technology Group (BTTG).

</doc>
<doc id="18386244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386244" title="Blue Horizon (album)">
Blue Horizon (album)

Blue Horizon is a blues album by American blues guitarist and singer Rory Block, it was released on 1983 by Rounder Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18386248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386248" title="Reformed Episcopal Seminary">
Reformed Episcopal Seminary

The Reformed Episcopal Seminary was founded in 1887 in West Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, with support from a trust created by Harriet Benson in March, 1886. The corner stone for the first building to house the Seminary was laid on September 19 of that same year. The seminary offers a Master of Divinity (MDiv) program as well as programs leading to certificates in a variety of theological fields. A diploma program is available for a limited number of students without an undergraduate degree. The Seminary also offers a Licentiate in Diaconal Ministry Program and a Deaconess Program.
Mission Statement - "Our mission at Reformed Episcopal Seminary is to prepare men for the Gospel Ministry in the Reformed Episcopal Church, to provide a thoroughly biblical education useful for broader Christian Service, and to offer our educational benefits and spiritual blessings to fellow Christians of other branches of Christ’s Church."
The seminary describes itself as:
Reformed Episcopal Seminary was granted initial accreditation by the Association of Theological Schools in the United States and Canada, effective August 8, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18386251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386251" title="Chen Rong (painter)">
Chen Rong (painter)

Chen Rong (; ca. 1200–1266) was a painter of the Southern Song Dynasty celebrated for his depictions of dragons. The "Nine Dragons" in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, Massachusetts, USA, bearing a date of 1244, is attributed to Chen.

</doc>
<doc id="18386259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386259" title="Ale de Boer">
Ale de Boer

Ale de Boer (born 28 August 1987 in Roodkerk) is a Dutch professional football player. He is currently playing for the Eerste Divisie side called the SC Cambuur.

</doc>
<doc id="18386268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386268" title="Parastish">
Parastish

Parastish is the music album produced by Pakistani pop singer, Ahmed Jahanzeb. The album was released in 2003. It contained many tracks that were major hits and his videos were exceptional quality that made them even more popular. The song 'Tu Jo Nahin' was originally done by German Trance DJ "Ayla" and was called Dreamland from the album "Nirwana". Ahmed Jahanzeb took the music as it is, and fused popular Urdu lyrics with it. However, he does not mention this in the album notes.

</doc>
<doc id="18386288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386288" title="Col d'Entremont">
Col d'Entremont

Col d'Entremont (el. 1,220 metres) is a mountain pass in the Massif Central located in Auvergne, France between the towns of Dienne and Murat in the Cantal department. It is located on the watershed between the basins of the River Loire and the River Dordogne.
Tour de France.
The pass has been crossed in the past by the Tour de France without being rated, usually in conjunction with the Pas de Peyrol, but has been rated a Category Two climb for the 2008 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18386298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386298" title="Teocaltiche">
Teocaltiche

Teocaltiche ( "place near the temple") is a city and municipality in the central-western Mexican state of Jalisco. Teocaltiche is located in the northeastern highlands region of Jalisco, commonly referred to in Spanish as "Los Altos de Jalisco". The grasshopper or "chapulin" is a popular icon for the city.
The city is also known for its tourism, for example, the "Hospital de los Indios" (or alternately "la Capilla") is a chapel in the city centre and the oldest standing building of Teocaltiche, built approximately in the year 1546 by the Spanish conquistadors. Teocaltiche is one of the oldest settlements with Hispanic influence from the time of the Spanish conquest. The territory was conquered by Cristóbal de Oñate and Manuel de Ibarra in March of 1530 on the order of Nuño de Guzmán.
Industry.
Main manufacture of the region is agricultural products and livestock. The Teocaltiche river supports fishing for the needs of the local markets. The farmers raise horses, cows, sheep, pigs, poultry, and goats. Agriculture includes the production of onions, corn, oats, beans, and alfalfa. There are also many artisans that sell hand-crafted goods.

</doc>
<doc id="18386303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386303" title="Jaime García">
Jaime García

Jaime Omar García (born July 8, 1986) is a Major League Baseball pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals.
Early life.
Jaime García was born on July 8, 1986 in Reynosa, Tamaulipas, Mexico as the second of three children to civil engineer Jaime García, Sr. and Gloria Rodríguez Flores.
García was raised between the border of Reynosa, Mexico and McAllen, Texas.
He attended Sharyland High School in Mission, Texas.
Professional career.
Draft and Minor Leagues.
García was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in the 30th round of the 2004 MLB Draft. Due to a poorly translated test, the Orioles initially chose not to sign García. By the time a new scouting director changed the team's position, García opted to re-enter the draft.
García was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 22nd round of the 2005 MLB Draft. Joe Almaraz, the Orioles scout who wanted to sign García in 2004, had moved on to the Cardinals organization, and was influential in the Cardinals selection of García.
St. Louis Cardinals (2008-present).
García made his major league debut in relief on July 11, 2008 against the Pittsburgh Pirates, pitching two innings, giving up one hit, walking one, and striking out two.
García underwent Tommy John surgery after the 2008 season and began the season on the 60-day disabled list. Later in the 2009 season, García returned to the Cardinals organization and was optioned to the Triple-A Memphis Redbirds. On September 9, 2009, García retired the first 13 batters he faced in the Redbirds first playoff game against the Albuquerque Isotopes.
The 2010 MLB season was García's first full season in the majors. He was chosen as the number five starter over fellow lefty Rich Hill, who started the season with the Memphis Redbirds in AAA, and Kyle McClellan, who returned to the bullpen for the Cardinals. He finished the season in third place in the voting for NL Rookie of the Year with a record of 13–8, and an ERA of 2.70 (4th in the NL). García was named a starting pitcher on Baseball America's 2010 All-Rookie Team and a pitcher on the 2010 Topps Major League Rookie All-Star Team.
García began the 2011 season as the number three starter. On May 6, 2011 García took a perfect game into the 8th inning, before a one-out walk, followed by a hit. The near-perfect game ended as a two hit complete-game shutout. On July 13, 2011 it was announced that the Cardinals signed García to a 4-year contract extension that guarantees him $27.5 million. The contract includes a club option for the following two seasons. With the club option, García has the opportunity to earn $50 million, which could keep him with the team for six years until 2017.
On August 2, 2011, García hit his first career home run, a three-run homer off Milwaukee Brewers pitcher Shaun Marcum.
During the 2011 season, García went 13–7, second in the NL in complete games (2), shutouts (2), and wild pitches (12), and his .650 win-loss percentage was 9th best in the National League.
The St. Louis Cardinals advanced to play the Texas Rangers in the 2011 World Series after defeating the Philadelphia Phillies and Milwaukee Brewers in the playoffs. When García started Game 2, he became the second Mexican-born pitcher (Fernando Valenzuela was the first in 1981) to ever start a World Series game. Garcia pitched 10 innings, including seven scoreless innings, and posted a 1.80 era with 10 strikeouts in the series. On October 28, 2011 the Cardinals defeated the Rangers 4-3 in the best-of-seven series after being down 3-2 to claim the franchise's 11th World Series title.
García went 7-7 with a 3.92 ERA in the 2012 season before being shutdown for the year due to shoulder discomfort. The Cardinals would go on to be one win away from going to the 2012 World Series before losing to the San Francisco Giants in the NLCS.
In 2013, García went 5-2 with a 3.58 ERA before being injured and ultimately undergoing season-ending shoulder surgery.
With Garcia out for the season, the Cardinals advanced to play the Boston Red Sox in the 2013 World Series after defeating the Los Angeles Dodgers in Game 6 of the NLCS. They would go on to lose the series 4-2.
He will be prepared to play at the start of the 2014 season.
Personal life.
García has two sisters, Karina and Ahimee García.
Ironically, García being a left-handed pitcher, his mother Gloria is the only lefty among ten siblings. García and his mother are also the only lefties among their immediate five member family. 
García resides in McAllen, Texas in the off-season.
García is second cousin of hip-hop recording artist, Luciano. Their mothers are first cousins.

</doc>
<doc id="18386353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386353" title="A. occultus">
A. occultus

A. occultus may refer to:

</doc>
