<doc id="18292945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18292945" title="Božo Kovačević">
Božo Kovačević

Božo Kovačević may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18292949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18292949" title="Native New Yorker (film)">
Native New Yorker (film)

Native New Yorker (2005) is the title of the 2006 Tribeca Film Festival Best Documentary Short by Steve Bilich.
Filmed with a 1924 hand-crank Cine-Kodak camera, Shaman Trail Scout 'Coyote' takes a journey which transcends time, from Inwood Park (where the island was traded for beads and booze), down a native trail (now 'Broadway'), into lower Manhattan (sacred burial ground, now including the newest natives of this island empire).
Shot before, during and after 9/11, 'Native New Yorker' took several years of filming, with a running length of 13 minutes. This is a film by Steve Bilich with an original score composed by William Susman.
New Internationalist calls 'Native New Yorker' "...a conventionally unclassifiable short... In 13 minutes it brilliantly encapsulates aeons."
"...the stuff dreams - and nightmares - are made of." -The Austin Chronicle
In 2009, the film score to Native New Yorker was released on a CD entitled "Music for Moving Pictures".
In 2011, the Tribeca Film Institute selected Native New Yorker for inclusion in their Reframe Collection which "shares the best of our visual heritage." 

</doc>
<doc id="18292965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18292965" title="Trist">
Trist

Trist may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18292996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18292996" title="Baylor Bears basketball">
Baylor Bears basketball

The Baylor Bears basketball team represents Baylor University in Waco, Texas, in NCAA Division I men's basketball competition. The Bears compete in the Big 12 Conference. The team plays its home games in Ferrell Center and is currently coached by Scott Drew.
History.
Early years.
Luther Burleson coached the first basketball team at Baylor in 1907 also doubling as the football coach. In Baylor's second season of basketball then cross-town rival TCU began their program which the Bears defeated twice during the 1908-09 season. Ralph Glaze's (1911–1914) .788 winning percentage ranks at the best all time in school history. Ralph Wolf (1927–1941) lead Baylor to its first SWC Championship in 1932 after surviving and overcoming one of the first great tragedies in college athletics in his first season as coach.
Immortal Ten.
On January 22, 1927, Coach Ralph Wolf's Baylor Basketball team was travelling by bus to play the University of Texas. As the bus passed through Round Rock, Texas, it approached railroad tracks on the south side of the business district on a drizzly, cloudy day. As the bus crossed the tracks the occupants failed to hear the sound of the train whistle and ringing bell. The driver caught sight of the train at the last moment and tried to steer away, but the Sunshine Special crashed into the bus at near 60 mph tearing off the roof and one side.
Ten Baylor students and basketball players were killed by the impact. One player, James Clyde "Abe" Kelly, pushed his friend, Weir Washam, out the window of the bus just moments before impact, saving the life of Washam but costing Kelly his life. The bodies of "Abe" Kelly and Robert Hailey were found horrifically stretched across the cow-catcher on the front of the train with arms locked around each other with Kelly missing a leg. Ivy Foster Sr. of Taylor, Texas, had heard of the accident and rushed to the train station in Taylor to meet the train and assist where needed only to find his son among the dead.
The remainder of the 1927 season was canceled. The tragedy had reverberations over the entire state and nation and led to the construction of the first railway overpass in Texas where the event occurred at Round Rock. Buses were later required to come to a full stop and open the door at all rail crossings to listen for trains. The Immortal Ten story has been commemorated each year since 1927 at first in Chapel services then later at the Freshman Mass Meeting during Homecoming Week. In 2007, the event was also memorialized in bronze on the Baylor campus in Traditions Plaza.
Post World War II success.
Baylor men's teams won five conference championships in the former Southwest Conference (1932, 1946, 1948, 1949*, 1950*; * denotes shared title). The Bears reached the NCAA Tournament for the first time in 1946, and reached the Final Four in 1948 and 1950. Bill Henderson's 1948 team advanced to play the Kentucky Wildcats for the NCAA championship, but fell 58–42 to Adolph Rupp's first national championship team. The team again advanced to the NCAA Final Four in 1950 under Henderson losing to the Bradley Braves 68-66. Bill Menefee (1962–1973) would lead the Bears to a national ranking in 1969 but failed to make the postseason that year. Menefee was the only coach over the next 50 years to have a career record of over .500, and would later serve as Baylor's athletic director in the 1980s. Gene Iba's 1988 NCAA tournament team would be the first NCAA tournament appearance for the program in 38 years.
2003 scandal.
The men's basketball program was plagued by a scandal in 2003. Patrick Dennehy, a player for the team, was murdered by former teammate Carlton Dotson; then-coach Dave Bliss was forced to resign amidst allegations that he had violated NCAA rules by making financial payments to four players and that he made improper statements to the media that characterizing Dennehy as a drug dealer. The school placed itself on probation, limited itself to 7 scholarships for two years and imposed a post-season ban for one year. Additionally, the NCAA further punished the team by initiating a non-conference ban for the 2005-2006 season and extending the probationary period during which the school would have limited recruiting privileges.
Recent resurgence.
The 2005 Bears were hindered by only having 7 scholarship players and recorded only one win in conference play. In spite of these challenges, head coach Scott Drew was able to put together a 2005 signing class ranked No. 7 nationally by HoopScoop.
The basketball program experienced a resurgence under coach Scott Drew with an NCAA Tournament appearance in 2008 for the first time in 20 years with a 9-7 conference record and the team's first national ranking in 39 years. The January 23, 2008 116-110 5OT win over Texas A&M at College Station officially became the longest game in Big 12 history. The 2008–09 team again was ranked early in the season but stumbled to a 5-11 conference finish before heating up in the Big 12 Tournament defeating both Kansas and Texas in route to the championship game versus Missouri, and lost by a score of 73-60. The 2008-2009 team won the program's first postseason victory since 1950 in its first round NIT victory over the Georgetown Hoyas in Waco.
The 2008-09 team went on to advance to the NIT Final where they fell to Penn State. The 2009–10 squad was again ranked in both polls and pulled off the biggest road win in school history over the then #6 Texas Longhorns in Austin 80-77 on Jan. 30th. The Bears closed out the season with a Big 12 era best 11-5 record and #3 seed in the Big 12 tournament.
The 2009-10 team was picked to finish 10th in the Big 12 in the Big 12 Coaches Poll due to the graduation of several key players from the previous year. However, the team finished the regular season 23-6 and tied for 2nd in the Big 12 standings. Following a 2-1 record at the Big 12 tournament, the Bears were rewarded with a #3 seed in the South Region of the NCAA tournament. The Bears defeated #14 seed Sam Houston State 68-59 in First Round action and then defeated #11 seed Old Dominion 76-68 in Second Round play to advance to the Sweet 16 hosted at Reliant Stadium in Houston. The Bear's Sweet 16 match-up was #10 seed Saint Mary's, which had defeated #2 seed Villanova the previous week to advance to the Sweet 16. The Bears won handily over the Gaels, 72-49, after leading 47-19 at the half. The Elite Eight was also held at Reliant Stadium and the Bears' opponent was the #1 seed Duke Blue Devils, the last #1 seed standing in the NCAA tournament after the other three #1 seeds (Kansas, Syracuse, and Kentucky) were all defeated by lower seeded teams. In front of a very pro-Baylor crowd of over 47,000, the Bears were defeated by the Duke Blue Devils, 78-71, to end the magical run to the Elite Eight. It was the best season in the Scott Drew era as defined by conference standing, overall ranking, wins, and NCAA tournament wins. The Bears finished the season ranked #10 in the final ESPN/Coaches Poll—the highest ranking in program history at that time.
The 2010-11 team started the season ranked 14th (according to the AP Preseason poll). The Bears began 7-0, and rose to 9th in the polls before falling to Gonzaga at a neutral court in Dallas. The team finished 18-13 overall and 7-9 in league play. The highlight of the season was Lacedarius Dunn becoming the Big 12's all time leading scorer, and a sweep of the series versus ranked Texas A&M. After freshman star Perry Jones III was suspended by the NCAA for six games, the Bears proceeded to lose their first round game of the Big 12 Tournament against Oklahoma.
The 2012 season saw another historic campaign for the Bears as they followed up the 2011 season with another successful conference run which saw the Bears win 30 games and make it too the Big 12 tournament title game. The Bears were selected for the NCAA tournament and made it all the way to the Elite Eight, which ended in a loss to eventual national champion Kentucky.
The 2013 season witnesses another winning campaign for the Bears as they followed up the 2012 Elite Eight season with another successful conference run which saw the Bears sweep both TCU and Texas Tech while only dropping one game to UT. The bears started out with a pre-season ranking of #19 in the country. The Bears finish conference play at .500 and were selected for the NIT tournament. The Bears made it all the way to the Final, which ended in a win over Iowa, winning the tournament before a large crowd in Madison Square Garden and claiming the 2013 NIT Title.
Postseason results.
NCAA Tournament results.
The Bears have appeared in the NCAA Tournament seven times. Their combined record is 9–9.
NIT results.
The Bears have appeared in the National Invitation Tournament (NIT) five times. Their combined record is 9–4. They were NIT champions in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18293014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293014" title="Kim Yong-jae">
Kim Yong-jae

Kim Yong Jae (born 7 September 1952) is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18293019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293019" title="Blandford Ski Area">
Blandford Ski Area

Blandford Ski Area is a ski area located in Blandford, Massachusetts and is operated by the Springfield Ski Club. Blandford Ski Area has been owned by the Springfield Ski Club since 1936. This is the oldest, continuously operating club-owned ski area in North America.
Mountain Information.
Blandford Ski Area has 23 trails (12 lighted for night skiing) and 5 lifts, including 3 double chairlifts and a magic carpet lift. The base is located at 1,025 ft and the summit is located at 1,490 ft; a 465 ft vertical drop. They have updated snow-making that covers about 80% of the mountain, as well as up-to-date grooming. They have two lodges; an older lodge, and a new lodge with hot food service. The average season at Blandford Ski Area lasts from mid to late December to middle March.

</doc>
<doc id="18293020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293020" title="Star-Spangled Banner (disambiguation)">
Star-Spangled Banner (disambiguation)

Star-Spangled Banner can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18293023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293023" title="The Pirate's Gospel">
The Pirate's Gospel

"The Pirate's Gospel" is the debut album by Alela Diane, self-released on CD-R in 2004, and rereleased by Holocene Music in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18293025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293025" title="Alan M. Lovelace">
Alan M. Lovelace

Dr. Alan M. Lovelace (born September 4, 1929) was the Deputy Administrator of NASA from July 2, 1976 to July 10, 1981.
Lovelace was born in St. Petersburg, Florida. He graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Chemistry from the University of Florida in Gainesville in 1951, received a Master of Science in Organic Chemistry in 1952 and became a Doctor of Philosophy in 1954, also in Organic Chemistry.
In June 1981, Lovelace was presented with the Presidential Citizens Medal by President Ronald Reagan.
Sources.
NASA - "Goddard News"

</doc>
<doc id="18293050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293050" title="Genetically modified mouse">
Genetically modified mouse

A genetically modified mouse is a mouse that has had its genome altered through the use of genetic engineering techniques. Genetically modified mice are commonly used for research or as animal models of human diseases.
History.
In 1974 Rudolf Jaenisch created the first genetically modified animal by inserting a DNA virus into an early-stage mouse embryo and showing that the inserted genes were present in every cell. However, the mice did not pass the transgene to their offspring, and the impact and applicability of this experiment were, therefore, limited. In 1981 the laboratories of Frank Ruddle from Yale, Frank Constantini and Elizabeth Lacy from Oxford, and Ralph Brinster and Richard Palmiter in collaboration from the University of Pennsylvania and the University of Washington injected purified DNA into a single-cell mouse embryo utilizing techniques developed by Brinster in the 1960s and 1970s, showing transmission of the genetic material to subsequent generations. During the early eighties, Palmiter and Brinster developed and led the field of transgenesis, refining methods of germline modification and using these techniques to elucidate the activity and function of genes in a way never possible before their unique approach.
Methods.
There are two basic technical approaches to produce genetically modified mice. The first involves pronuclear injection into a single cell of the mouse embryo, where it will randomly integrate into the mouse genome. This method creates a transgenic mouse and is used to insert new genetic information into the mouse genome or to over-express endogenous genes. The second approach, pioneered by Oliver Smithies and Mario Capecchi, involves modifying embryonic stem cells with a DNA construct containing DNA sequences homologous to the target gene. Embryonic stem cells that recombine with the genomic DNA are selected for and they are then injected into the mice blastocysts. This method is used to manipulate a single gene, in most cases "knocking out" the target gene, although more subtle genetic manipulation can occur (e.g. only changing single nucleotides).
Uses.
Genetically modified mice are used extensively in research as models of human disease. The most common type is the knockout mouse, where the activity of a single (or in some cases multiple) genes are removed. They have been used to study and model obesity, heart disease, diabetes, arthritis, substance abuse, anxiety, aging and Parkinson disease. Transgenic mice generated to carry cloned oncogenes and knockout mice lacking tumor suppressing genes have provided good models for human cancer. Hundreds of these oncomice have been developed covering a wide range of cancers affecting most organs of the body and they are being refined to become more representative of human cancer. The disease symptoms and potential drugs or treatments can be tested against these mouse models.
A mouse has been genetically engineered to have increased muscle growth and strength by overexpressing the insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) in differentiated muscle fibers. Another mouse has had a gene altered that is involved in glucose metabolism and runs faster, lives longer, is more sexually active and eats more without getting fat than the average mouse (see Metabolic supermice).
Great care should be taken when deciding how to use genetically modified mice in research. Even basic issues like choosing the correct "wild-type" control mouse to use for comparison are sometimes overlooked.

</doc>
<doc id="18293052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293052" title="Einheitsempfänger">
Einheitsempfänger

On 1 September 1939, Germany introduced a 441-line, 50 interlaced frames per second television system. 
The project started in 1938, associating the Reichspost and several companies, including Bosch, Blaupunkt, Loewe, Lorenz, TeKaDe and Telefunken. The objective was to produce 10,000 units, but due to the start of World War II only about 50 devices were installed in military hospitals and various government departments. The Berlin transmitter was destroyed by allied bombing in November 1943.
The Einheitsempfänger is a German TV receiver from 1939. It could only receive one channel with its frequency pre-tuned from the factory. This allowed for lower prices and would have made the reception of foreign channels difficult (although there weren't any available).
To date, only a few surviving and functioning units are known:

</doc>
<doc id="18293059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293059" title="Valjevo">
Valjevo

Valjevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Ваљево, ) is a city located in western Serbia. It is the center of the Kolubara District, which includes five other smaller municipalities with a total population of almost 175,000 people. According to the census in 2011, the administrative area of Valjevo has 90,312 inhabitants, of which 59,073 were urban.
Valjevo occupies an area of 905 square kilometers, and is at an altitude of 185 meters. The city is situated along the river Kolubara, a tributary of the Sava river.
Term condition:- 
1.agriculture land by right acquation.
Municipality.
Apart from the city, municipality of Valjevo includes the following settlements:
History.
In nearby village Petnica scientists found first complete neolithic habitat in Serbia, 6000 years old. 
In Roman time this area, was an integral part of the province Moesia.
Valjevo was mentioned for the first time in 1393 when it was an important staging post on the trade route that connected Bosnia to Belgrade, Valjevo became significant only during stable Ottoman rule in the region during the 16th and 17th centuries.
With the beginning of the 19th century, began the historical process, rapid transformation of most of the territory of Serbia. Serbian revolution began with the armed rebellion as the initial phase. Already in 1804, the local Serb population was raised rebellion against the Turkish lords, and succeed to deliver a large part of Serbia. One of the causes for the revolution happened in Valjevo, with killing of two well known knights Ilija Bircanin and Aleksa Nenadovic at bridge over Kolubara by Turks.
20th century, is the century further accelerated the development of settlement, when Valjevo becomes an important industrial, and cultural center. During the First World War in the immediate vicinity of Valjevo has been conducted battle of Kolubara, in the town there was a large hospital for the wounded. The vast destruction the city suffered in World War II, and the end of the 20th century, when it was repeatedly bombed during the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia.
Demographics.
Ethnic composition of the municipality:
Features.
The village of Brankovina is situated near Valjevo, and is known as the home of the famous Serbian family Nenadović, which produced leaders of the First Serbian Uprising, ministers of the first Serbian government, spiritual leaders and travel writers Duke Aleksa, Archpriest Mateja Nenadović, Dukes Jakov Nenadović, Sima and Jevrem, writer Čika Ljuba Nenadović and Queen Persida Karađorđević, mother of King Peter I of Serbia. Brankovina hosted the best known Serbian poetess Desanka Maksimović, who spent her childhood (she was born in the nearby Rabrovica) and completed primary school there. Throughout her life, Desanka remained emotionally attached to Brankovina, and she frequently revisited it and spent her last years there, and was finally buried under a hundred year old oak trees in the Brankovina churchyard, according to her wishes. The sights of Brankovina are encompassed in a cultural and historical complex, which includes the Church of Saint Archangel, Archpriest’s school, Desanka's school, Old Courtroom, Sleeping Outbuilding of the Nenadović family, the graves of the Nenadović family and Desanka Maksimović, as well as old “sobrašica” summer houses in the exquisitely beautiful Brankovina church yard. Joakim Vujić, Luka Stančić - basketball, Jordan Ivanović Tv Spiker.
Valjevo mountain range (Medvednik, Jablanik, Povlen, Maljen, Suvobor) with gently-rolling hills surrounding the town is an oasis of clean air, medicinal herbs, forest fruits and wild game. The environment is kept away from industrialisation, the soil unpolluted, so the food is healthy too, and the conditions for hunting and fishing in the mountain rivers are extraordinary. The air-spa of Divčibare is ideal for rest, rehabilitation and recreation. Divčibare, a plateau in the mountain Maljen, with a picnicking tradition of 100 years, has an average altitude of 1000 m. It is 28 km away from Valjevo and 110 km from Belgrade. The epithet “air-spa” refers to the beneficial effect of Divčibare to the respiratory organs resulting from the meeting of maritime, Carpathian and Panonian climates. This picnic area is featured by private accommodation. Mountain lodges in other Valjevo mountains can accommodate mountain fans.
Vrujci Spa has mud baths for rheumatic diseases, as well as a hotel and sport complex with swimming pools.
The canyon of the river Gradac, (also a name of a suburb in Valjevo) whose course, with almost untouched nature, ends in the town centre, is a favourite picnic area of Valjevo citizens during hot summer days. The Gradac is one of the cleanest European rivers, which is evidenced by the presence of otters, which exclusively inhabit clean waters. It abounds in brook trout, so it is a haven for fly angling fans. Old water mills are one of the symbols of this natural reserve of 13 square kilometres, which has been entrusted by the Valjevo Municipal Assembly to the Gradac Ecological Society. It might become a national park in the near future.
In Petnica, 5 km away from Valjevo, there are Petnica Science Center for young researchers, outdoor swimming pools with minor sports facilities, as well as lake Pocibrava, a meeting place for swimmers and fishermen.
Institutions.
The most important cultural institutions are the National Museum, under whose auspices is the Museum of the First and Second Serbian Uprising and displays in Brankovina, the Institute for Protection
of Cultural Monuments, Historical Archive, Town Library with scientific, home and children’s departments, Cultural Centre with well-equipped stage and auditorium with 630 seats, the Youth Centre with "Gallery 34" for exhibitions and forums and Serbian Language and Culture Workshop, the famous school of Serbian for foreigners. Valjevo has two elite galleries: Modern Gallery with a permanent display of works of Academician Ljuba Popović (1953-63 period), collection of works presented by the exhibitors so far, and a concept of representing fantastic painting after the model of the famous "Mediala", and the International Art Studio "Radovan Mića Trnavac", which stages exhibitions of foreign painters of different styles. The Cultural and Artistic Society "Abrašević" has a renowned choir, folk, music and drama ensembles. Besides "Abrašević", the theatrical performances are given by the private theatre "Mala scena" and the Drama Studio of Valjevo Grammar School. The most famous cultural events are Tešnjar Evenings and Jazz Fest, accompanied by summer literary talks in the Library Yard and Desanka’s May Talks, along with granting the annual poetry award by the Desanka Maksimović Foundation in Brankovina.
Economy.
The main initiator of the economy of Valjevo Municipality in the second half of the 20th century was the arms manufacturing firm Krušik, which after the difficult economic events in Serbia succeeded in returning to work. In 1999 it has been bombed by Nato planes during the Kosovo War. Krušik currently has a large contract for the Iraqi army.
The Valjevo economy is characterized by a large number of small private companies working in the field of metallurgy, food, and to a lesser extent, the textile industry.
The Austrian company Austrotherm GmbH, the Italian company Golden Lady and the Slovenian company Gorenje have built production facilities in Valjevo.
Politics.
Seats in the municipality parliament won in the 2012 local elections:
Climate.
Climate in this area has mild differences between highs and lows, and there is adequate rainfall year round. The Köppen Climate Classification subtype for this climate is "Cfb". (Marine West Coast Climate).
International cooperation.
These are the official sister cities of Valjevo:

</doc>
<doc id="18293060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293060" title="Tampa Bay Rays">
Tampa Bay Rays

The Tampa Bay Rays are a Major League Baseball (MLB) team based in St. Petersburg, Florida. They are currently a member of the American League East Division. Since their inception, their home venue has been Tropicana Field. Their current manager is Joe Maddon.
Following nearly three decades of unsuccessfully trying to gain an expansion franchise or enticing existing teams to relocate to the Tampa Bay area, an ownership group led by Vince Naimoli was approved in 1995. The Tampa Bay Devil Rays began play in the 1998 Major League Baseball season.
Their first decade of play, however, was marked by futility; they finished in last place in the American League East in all but the 2004 season, when they finished in fourth place (second to last). Following the 2007 season, Stuart Sternberg, who had purchased controlling interest in the team from Vince Naimoli two years earlier, changed the team's name to "Rays" to represent the team as "...a beacon that radiates throughout Tampa Bay and across the entire state of Florida". The team's largely disliked original rainbow color scheme was changed to Navy blue, Columbia blue, and gold; a new serifed logo with a stylized asymmetrical sunburst was also adopted. Save for "Turn Back the Clock" games, in which "throwback" uniforms are worn, the same logo appears on all regular and alternate home and road jerseys. A variation of the old manta ray logo was retained as a sleeve logo. Amid persistent rumors that the team may be contracted at some future date, the 2008 season saw the Tampa Bay Rays have their first winning season with a 97–65 record and win their first AL East championship. They defeated the rival Boston Red Sox to win the American League Championship, but lost to the National League champion Philadelphia Phillies in that year's World Series. Since then, the Rays won their second AL East championship in 2010 and have qualified for the postseason as a wild card team in 2011 and 2013.
The Tampa Bay Rays' chief rivals are the Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees. Regarding the former, there have been several notable on-field incidents. The Rays also have an intrastate rivalry with the National League's Miami Marlins (originally the Florida Marlins), whom they play in the "Citrus Series". The Rays lead the series 44–43.
Professional baseball in Tampa Bay.
The name "Tampa Bay" is often used to describe a geographic metropolitan area which encompasses the cities around the body of water known as Tampa Bay, including Tampa, St. Petersburg, Clearwater, and Bradenton. Unlike in the case of Green Bay, Wisconsin, there is no municipality known as "Tampa Bay". The "Tampa Bay" in the names of local professional sports franchises (Rays, Rowdies, Buccaneers, Lightning, etc.) denotes that they represent the entire region, not just Tampa or St. Petersburg.
Former civic leader and St. Petersburg Times (now Tampa Bay Times) publisher, Jack Lake, first suggested St. Petersburg pursue a Major League baseball team in the 1960s. The notable influences Lake held in the sport are what led to the serious discussions that changed St. Petersburg from a spring training location to a major league city. He spoke to anyone who would listen about his desire to see the city of St. Petersburg have a Major league baseball team. His colorful direction dominated the mindset in both sports and business circles dating back to 1966. He was said to have the foresight and prominence to make it happen.
Local leaders made many unsuccessful attempts to acquire a major league baseball team in the 1980s and 1990s. The Minnesota Twins, San Francisco Giants, Chicago White Sox, Texas Rangers, and Seattle Mariners all considered moving to either Tampa or St. Petersburg before deciding to remain in their current locations. The Florida Suncoast Dome (now named Tropicana Field) was built in St. Petersburg in 1990 with the purpose of luring a major league team. That same year two separate groups, one in Tampa and another in Sarasota, were seeking to get an expansion team. The Tampa one even registered the name "Florida Panthers", after a local feline - a trademark which ended up being purchased by entrepreneur Wayne Huizenga one year later, and used by him to baptize an NHL team.
When MLB announced that it would add two expansion teams for the 1993 season, it was widely assumed that one of the teams would be placed in the Dome. However, in addition to the application from St. Petersburg, a competing group applied to field a team in Tampa, prompting much conflict over the bid. The two National League teams were awarded to Denver (Colorado Rockies) and Miami (Florida Marlins) instead.
In 1992, San Francisco Giants owner Bob Lurie agreed in principle to sell his team to a Tampa Bay based group of investors led by Vince Naimoli, who would then move the team to St. Petersburg. However, at the 11th hour, MLB owners nixed the move under pressure from San Francisco officials and the Giants were sold to a group that kept them in San Francisco.
Finally, on March 9, 1995, new expansion franchises were awarded to Naimoli's Tampa Bay group and a group from Phoenix (the Arizona Diamondbacks). The new franchises were scheduled to begin play in 1998.
The Tampa Bay area finally had a team, but the stadium in St. Petersburg was already in need of an upgrade. In 1993, the stadium was renamed the Thunderdome and became the home of the Tampa Bay Lightning hockey team and the Tampa Bay Storm Arena Football League team. After the birth of the Rays, the naming rights were sold to Tropicana Products and $70 million was spent on renovations.
History.
Before 1998: Getting a team.
The Devil Rays began to build their organization shortly after the franchise was awarded in 1995 by naming former Atlanta Braves assistant general manager Chuck LaMar the senior vice president of baseball operations and general manager. The franchise's first minor league games took place in the 1996 season. On November 7, 1997, Larry Rothschild was named the team's first manager. The team acquired 35 players in the Expansion Draft on November 18, 1997. Tony Saunders from the Florida Marlins was the first player drafted by the Devil Rays. The team also drafted future star Bobby Abreu but traded him to the Philadelphia Phillies for Kevin Stocker, who had very little success for the Rays. Before the 1998 season, veteran stars Wade Boggs, Fred McGriff, and Wilson Alvarez were acquired.
1998–2003: Early years as the Devil Rays.
The Devil Rays played their first game on March 31, 1998 against the Detroit Tigers at Tropicana Field before a crowd of 45,369. Wilson Alvarez threw the first pitch and Wade Boggs hit the first home run in team history that day. Despite losing their opening game 11–6, the team actually got off to a respectable start and were 11–8 after 19 before losing six straight and falling below .500. They would go on to lose 99 games that year. One of the first memorable moments in franchise history occurred on August 7, 1999 when Wade Boggs tallied his 3000th career hit, the first player to do so with a home run. Boggs retired after the season and is the only Ray with his number retired. He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2005.
The Devil Rays acquired sluggers Vinny Castilla, Jose Canseco and Greg Vaughn; along with incumbent Fred McGriff, this quartet was dubbed the "Hit Show." However, all of these players were past their prime and unable to sustain their previous successes. The Devil Rays continued to struggle in 1999 and 2000. Prior to the 2001 season, they modified their team colors and uniforms and also acquired highly touted outfielder Ben Grieve from Oakland. Early in the 2001 season, Larry Rothschild was fired as manager and was replaced by Hal McRae, and McGriff was dealt to the Chicago Cubs. By the 2002 season, the Devil Rays decided to rebuild with younger players and drastically reduced the team payroll. Randy Winn, Aubrey Huff, Toby Hall, and Carl Crawford began to emerge as key players. However, the 2002 season would prove to be the worst in franchise history to date. McRae was moved to a front office position after the season.
Before the 2003 season, the team traded Randy Winn to the Seattle Mariners for the right to negotiate with manager Lou Piniella, a Tampa native, who managed winning teams at every stop in his managerial career, including the New York Yankees, the Cincinnati Reds (whom he led to a World Series Trophy in 1990), and the Mariners. Piniella was attracted to the Tampa Bay job because of the proximity to his family and the chance to build a losing franchise into a winner as he had done in Seattle. Piniella's first team still came in last place, but finished seven games better than the 2002 team. A highlight of the 2003 season was the emergence of Rocco Baldelli, a native of Rhode Island, as one of the top rookies in the major leagues.
2004–2007: Continued struggles, a New Manager.
Entering the 2004 season expectations for the Devil Rays were low, but the team won 70 games for the first time and finished in 4th place in the American League East, out of last place for the first time. Entering May, the team was 10–28 before going on to win 30 of 40 games, including a team-record 12-game winning streak. The Devil Rays peaked at 42–41 but the team was unable to sustain that success and finished 21 games below .500.
Following a 28–61 record at the All-Star Break in 2005, the Devil Rays went 39–34 for a final record of 67–95. Carl Crawford and newcomers Jorge Cantu and Jonny Gomes led a productive offense that finished third in the American League in team batting average. However, the pitching staff had the second worst ERA in the American League. Despite the promising finish, Lou Piniella became frustrated with what he perceived as an insufficient commitment to winning by the ownership group, and he reached a settlement with the team to release him from the last year of his contract and Angels coach Joe Maddon was named manager, the fourth in team history.
Shortly after the season ended, new owner Stuart Sternberg, immediately fired Chuck LaMar along with most of the front office. Matthew Silverman was named the team president, and Andrew Friedman took the role of Executive Vice President of Baseball Operations. Sternberg decided not to have a "de jure" General Manager, calling the position "outdated."
With the change of ownership and the strong finish to the 2005 season, Tampa Bay fans were optimistic about the 2006 season, the official attendance for the Devil Rays' home opener was 40,199, the highest turnout since the 1998 inaugural season home opener. At the All-Star break, Tampa Bay was only eleven games under the .500 mark (39–50). However, the front office became convinced that the Devil Rays would not contend in 2006 and they traded several veteran players and the Devil Rays struggled in the second half particularly on the road, and finished with a league worst 61–101 record.
The Devil Rays were involved in two unusual triple plays in 2006; one they hit into, the other they executed themselves. On June 11 against Kansas City, they hit into the third triple play in major league history, and first since 1937, that involved an appeal. Russell Branyan flied out to center, Rocco Baldelli tried to advance to second base and was thrown out, and then Aubrey Huff was called out when the umpires ruled that he left third base early when he tagged up. Then, on September 2 against Seattle, the Devil Rays executed a 2–6–2 triple play where the ball never touched the bat, something that had never been done before. The triple play involved a strikeout and two baserunners caught off base. Tampa Bay pitcher J. P. Howell struck out Raúl Ibañez. Catcher Dioner Navarro fired the ball to shortstop Ben Zobrist, who tagged out Adrián Beltré trying to steal second base. During that throw, José López tried to go home from third, but Zobrist returned the ball to Navarro in time to put Lopez out at the plate, completing the first 2–6–2 triple play in MLB history. The Devil Rays finished with a winning record at home (41–40) for the first time ever and home attendance increased by 20% from 2005.
In the 2006–07 off-season, the Devil Rays won the rights to Japanese infielder Akinori Iwamura. and signed him to a three-year contract.
In an effort to court the Orlando, Florida, market, the Devil Rays played a series at The Ballpark (now called Champion Stadium) at Disney's Wide World of Sports Complex in the 2007 season. The series selected was the May 15–17 series versus the Texas Rangers. The Devil Rays swept the Rangers in that series.
In 2007, the Devil Rays had the youngest starting line-up since the 1983 Minnesota Twins. The Rays had several bright spots on the year as they were led by pitchers James Shields and Scott Kazmir but with a poor bullpen the Rays compiled the worst record in baseball (66–96), finishing last in the American League East for the ninth time in their 10-season existence.
2008-present: Finally a Contender.
2008: New name, uniforms, outlook, and results.
Prior to the 2008 season the team unveiled new uniforms along with a name change. After considering other options such as the "Aces," "Bandits," "Cannons," "Dukes," "Stripes," and Stuart Sternberg's personal favorite, the "Nine," the team's new name was officially announced to be the "Tampa Bay Rays." The new team colors were "navy, Columbia blue and a touch of gold" and a new team logo featured a bright yellow sunburst symbolizing the Sunshine State of Florida. Following a front office promise to increase the team's payroll, it was raised to $43 million
The Rays lineup remained largely intact from 2007, several key trades and free agent signings improved the team, additions included Matt Garza, Jason Bartlett, and veteran relief pitcher and closer Troy Percival. Top third-base prospect Evan Longoria was expected to be the starter at the hot corner while the Rays also signed the #1 pick in the draft last year, pitcher David Price, who was widely recognized as one of the top players in college baseball.
The Rays finished spring training with a club record 18 wins and tied for highest winning percentage in the Grapefruit League. They began the season with a win in Baltimore and snapped a 7-game losing streak in road openers.
As they did during the 2007 season, the Rays played a regular season home series at Champion Stadium in Walt Disney World for the April 22–24 series against the Toronto Blue Jays. As in the Orlando series in the previous season, the Rays won all three games and followed with their first-ever sweep of the Boston Red Sox in Tropicana Field.
The Rays became the first team in modern Major League history (since 1900) to hold the best record in the league through Memorial Day, after having the worst record in the league the year before. This marked the best start in franchise history and the first time ever that the team was 11 games over .500. In June, incidents over the course of two consecutive games led to a bench clearing brawl against the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park, in which Coco Crisp charged the mound after being hit by a pitch by James Shields.
Within the first week of July the Rays stretched their division lead to 5½ games, but then lost seven consecutive games heading into the All-Star Break. Trailing the Red Sox for the division lead by ½ game, they still led the Wild Card. Scott Kazmir and Dioner Navarro were selected to play in the All-Star Game. Evan Longoria was voted into the roster by the fans in the Final Vote giving the Rays a team record for All-Stars. In another franchise first, Longoria participated in the Home Run Derby.
Despite injuries to several key players in early August including Evan Longoria, Carl Crawford, and Troy Percival, the Rays finished August on a 5-game winning streak, compiling a record of 21–7 for the month, the best single month in franchise history. With an 84–51 overall record, the best in the league, their lead in the division grew to 5½ games going into the final month of the season.
On September 20, the Rays, with the best home record in Major League Baseball, clinched their first-ever postseason berth in franchise history and clinched the AL East Pennant shortly thereafter.
In the American League Division Series the Rays defeated the Chicago White Sox in 4 games, clinching their first playoff series victory and advanced to the American League Championship Series (ALCS) where they defeated the Boston Red Sox in 7 games to go to the World Series for the first time. Despite having home-field advantage in the series, the Rays lost to the Philadelphia Phillies, four games to one, in the World Series.
The Rays' turnaround was mostly credited to much improved defense and pitching. The Rays also stole 142 bases, more than any other team in the AL. They also had five pitchers throw over 150 innings, more than any other team in baseball: Shields, Kazmir, Garza, Andy Sonnanstine, and Edwin Jackson. While the 2007 bullpen and defense were historically bad, stats for 2008 were among the best in the majors, and the best in franchise history.
2009: Defending the American League Crown.
With the Rays' new payroll total above $60 million principal owner Stuart Sternberg announced that unlike previous seasons the Rays had no more flexibility to make additions during the upcoming season. In the 2008 season, despite the Rays being contenders the entire season, attendance was still among the lowest in the league. Sternberg also stated the only team that did not have an average attendance higher than the league average in the season following a World Series appearance was the Florida Marlins, who did so twice after each of their championship seasons. He accepted that the Rays might become the third occurrence, saying about the 2008 season, "it wasn't the best year to win," because of the current state of the economy.
Following a lackluster start the Rays finished May with an overall record of 25–28 and just half a game out of last place but pulled within 4 games of the AL East and 1½ back in the wild card toward the All-Star break. Carl Crawford, Jason Bartlett, Ben Zobrist, and Evan Longoria were named as All-Stars for the American League in the All-Star Game with Longoria earning the start at third base but was unable to play due to injury. Carlos Peña was added as an injury replacement and participated in the 2009 Home Run Derby. In the All-Star Game Carl Crawford won MVP honors by making a leaping catch at the wall to take away Brad Hawpe's home run.
In August Iwamura returned from injuries sustained in May and the Rays traded Scott Kazmir to the Angels for two minor league prospects and a player to be named later. Kazmir left the team as the all-time leader in wins and strikeouts.
The Rays stumbled in September, losing 11 games in a row at one point, and lost Carlos Peña for the remainder of the season to a broken finger from a hit by pitch. At the time Peña was leading the American League in home runs. The Rays clinched a winning season but the team did not make the post-season finishing with an 84–78 record, good enough for 3rd place. On October 2 B.J. Upton became the first Tampa Bay player to hit for the cycle.
After the 2009 season second baseman Akinori Iwamura was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates for relief pitcher Jesse Chavez who was than traded to the Atlanta Braves for closer Rafael Soriano.
2010: Return to Division Champions.
In spring training the Rays finished with the best record in the Grapefruit League and set a franchise record for wins in spring training. Second baseman Sean Rodriguez, who had been acquired in the Scott Kazmir trade with the Angels, was considered a breakout player during the spring, on both the offensive and defensive side of the ball.
Although the Rays had the league best record at the time, Dallas Braden of the Oakland Athletics threw a perfect game against the Rays in May. It was the league's second perfect game in a row thrown against Tampa Bay, the last being in 2009 by Mark Buehrle, and at the time was the shortest amount of time between perfect games in Major League Baseball. The Rays were once again victims of a no-hitter on June 25 at Tropicana Field, thrown by former Ray, Edwin Jackson of the Arizona Diamondbacks. Jackson threw 149 pitches against his old team, and although 10 batters reached base, none were the result of a base hit.
David Price, Evan Longoria, Carl Crawford, and Rafael Soriano were named to the American League team in the 2010 All-Star game. Price was named the starting pitcher for the AL.
On July 26, 2010, Matt Garza threw a no-hitter against the Detroit Tigers, becoming the fifth pitcher to throw a no-hitter that season. It was the first no-hitter ever thrown by a Tampa Bay pitcher in the franchise's history.
On the last day of the regular season, the Rays won their second AL East championship in three years, and finished the 2010 season with the American League's best record (96–66), and behind only the Philadelphia Phillies by one game for the Majors' best record. The Rays' ace pitcher David Price finished with 19 wins, finishing second in the American League Cy Young Award voting, and closer Rafael Soriano converted 45 saves, both setting new franchise records in those respective categories.
In the postseason, the Rays were eliminated in the ALDS, losing to the Texas Rangers in five games.
2011: "Game 162" and Wild Card berth.
During the offseason, several key players from the Rays were either traded away or lost to free agency. They received five minor league prospects from the Chicago Cubs in a trade that included starting pitcher Matt Garza, while shortstop Jason Bartlett was sent to the San Diego Padres for four minor league prospects. Seven relief pitchers would not return to the team in 2011. First baseman Carlos Peña, the franchise's all-time leader in home runs, signed with the Chicago Cubs. Perhaps the biggest loss for the Rays was left fielder Carl Crawford, who signed a lucrative deal with the Boston Red Sox.
Among their acquisitions were veterans and former Red Sox teammates Johnny Damon and Manny Ramirez, who each signed one-year contracts with the Rays. Although on April 8, Ramirez chose to retire due to testing positive for a banned substance in spring training.
The Rays started the season 0–6, their worst start in franchise history, but finished the month of April with a record of 15–12, 1½ games behind the New York Yankees for first place in the AL East. The Rays became the first team in league history to start the season 0–6 and finish April with a winning record.
The Rays entered the final day of the regular season tied with the Boston Red Sox for the American League Wild Card. The Rays won the AL Wild Card spot after beating the New York Yankees 8–7 in the 12th inning. The Rays battled back from a 7–0 deficit in the eighth with six runs. Down to their final strike in the ninth inning, they tied the game in the bottom of the ninth following pinch-hitter Dan Johnson's solo home run. Evan Longoria's walk-off home run won the game in the 12th inning. Longoria's home run came three minutes following the conclusion of the Baltimore Orioles rallying past the Red Sox. Boston went down in history as suffering the biggest collapse during the final month of the season in MLB history by giving up a 9 game lead in the American League Wild Card race at the beginning of September. Game 162 is commemorated in two ways in Tropicana Field. There is 162 Landing a designation in the left field corner where Longoria's playoff-clinching home run landed. The area is located off Left Field Street where Evan Longoria's 12th-inning walk-off homer landed Sep 28 to beat the Yankees and propel Tampa Bay to the postseason. The entrance to 162 Landing is open to the public and includes a recap of the events here and at Camden Yards from that night, video highlights and interviews, photos and displays. There also is a white seat in the right field corner commemorating where Dan Johnson's two-out, two-strike game-tying homer landed in the bottom of the ninth. Section 140, Seat 10, Row T.
Tampa Bay was eliminated in the ALDS by the Texas Rangers, three games to one. After the elimination, owner Stuart Sternberg expressed concern about the team's viability in Florida after the team's last playoff game failed to sell out.
2012: Injuries, Emergence of Fernando Rodney and departures of Shields and Upton.
The Rays failed to make the postseason for the first time since 2009 after posting a 90–72 record. Some of the highlights of the season included closer Fernando Rodney setting a new single-season franchise record with 48 saves, and also finished with a 0.60 earned run average for the season, which is the lowest by a relief pitcher in major league history, as of today. Rodney was also named AL Comeback Player of the Year. David Price became the first pitcher in the history of the team to win 20 games, as well as the first Rays player to be given the Cy Young Award.
Season results.
The records of the Rays' last five seasons in Major League Baseball.
<onlyinclude>
These statistics are current through the 2013 MLB season. Bold denotes a playoff season, pennant or championship; "italics" denotes the active season.</onlyinclude>
Team salaries.
Opening Day payrolls for 25-man roster (since 2000):
Rivals.
AL East.
Tampa Bay's primary rivals are the Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees. The Red Sox/Rays rivalry dates back to the 2000 season, when Devil Ray Gerald Williams took exception to being hit by a pitch thrown by Boston pitcher Pedro Martínez and charged the mound, resulting in a game full of retaliations and ejections on both sides. There have been several other incidents between the teams during the ensuing years, including one in 2005 which resulted in two bench-clearing fights during the game and a war of words between then-Devil Rays manager Lou Piniella and then-Boston pitcher Curt Schilling through the media in the following days. The rivalry reached its highest level to date during the 2008 season, which included a brawl during a June meeting in Fenway Park and a 7-game American League Championship Series between the teams that ended in the Rays' first ever pennant win.
As a fellow member of the AL East Division, the Yankees and Rays play many times each season. There has always been some feeling of a rivalry between the teams because the Yankees make Tampa their spring training home and fan loyalty in the Tampa Bay area has historically been divided, especially among transplants from the northeastern US. The rivalry became more heated in spring training of 2008, when a home plate collision between Rays outfielder Elliot Johnson and Yankee catcher Francisco Cervelli was followed the next day by spikes-high slide by Yankees outfielder Shelley Duncan into Rays' second baseman Akinori Iwamura, prompting Rays outfielder Jonny Gomes to charge in from his position in right field and knock Duncan to the ground.
Citrus Series.
The Rays also have a geographical rivalry with the Miami Marlins.
Ballparks.
Tropicana Field.
The Rays have played at Tropicana Field since their inception in 1998. The facility, which was originally called the "Florida Suncoast Dome", was built in the late 1980s to attract an MLB team through either relocation or expansion. After St. Petersburg was awarded an expansion franchise in 1995, the dome underwent extensive renovations and naming rights were sold to Tropicana Products, which was based in nearby Bradenton, Florida.
Tropicana Field underwent further renovations in 2006 and 2007 after Stu Sternberg gained controlling ownership of the team. Most of the changes sought to improve fans' game-day experience. For the players, the biggest change was the installation of a new Field Turf surface in 2007, which was replaced in turn with a new version of AstroTurf for the 2011 season.
New ballpark.
The Rays' current ownership has long hinted that Tropicana Field does not generate enough revenue and that it is too far from the Tampa Bay Area's population center. In 2007, the team announced a plan to build a covered ballpark at the current site of Al Lang Field on the St. Petersburg waterfront, and a local referendum was scheduled to decide on public financing. However, in the face of vocal opposition, the Rays withdrew the proposal in 2009 and stated they had abandoned all plans for a ballpark in downtown St. Petersburg waterfront, preferring a location nearer the center of Pinellas County or across the bay in Tampa.
Since 2009, local officials, media, and business leaders have explored possibilities for a new stadium for the Rays somewhere in the Tampa Bay area. However, St. Petersburg mayor Bill Foster has repeatedly insisted that the Rays honor their lease agreement with the city, which runs through 2027 and prohibits the team from entering into talks with other communities, resulting in a protracted stalemate.
Uniforms.
Current uniforms.
The current Rays primary uniform has been used with little change since the team officially shortened its name from "Devil Rays" for the 2008 season. The home jersey is a traditional white with the name "Rays" in dark blue across the chest and a yellow "sunburst" on the letter "R". The Rays' road uniform is gray, also with a sunburst and the team name across the chest. Both feature dark blue piping and caps featuring a white "TB" logo.
The Rays' first alternate jersey also features the name "Rays" and a yellow sunburst on chest, but is a dark blue material with Columbia blue piping, white characters for the player name, and player numbers that are simply a white outline. This alternate jersey is worn both at home and on the road with either white or gray pants. The Rays' second alternate jersey is similar, but is a light Columbia blue. This second alternate is usually worn only for Sunday home games with white pants.
Past uniforms.
During their first three seasons, the Devil Rays wore traditional white home and gray road uniforms with the text "Devil Rays" (home) and "Tampa Bay" (road) in stretched in an unconventional multicolor "rainbow" across the chest. The inaugural caps were also unusual: black with a purple brim at home and all black on the road, with both versions featuring a devil ray graphic and no letters at all. The caps changed in 1999 to feature a smaller ray and the letters "TB" and were all-black for both home and road games. During the 1999 and 2000 seasons, the Devil Rays added an alternate black jersey featuring the same rainbow text as the white and gray uniforms.
In 2001, the Devil Rays dropped the multicolor text and de-emphasized purple in favor of more green. They also changed the font on their jersey tops and shortened the name on the home whites to read simply "Rays" while keeping "Tampa Bay" on the road grays.
In 2005, the home uniforms were again tweaked to include still more green. The primary home whites became a sleeveless-look jersey with green sleeves, and the primary home caps were changed from black to green. In addition, a small ray with a long tail was added under the name "Rays" on the chest of the home jerseys.
"Turn Back the Clock" Nights.
The Rays staged a "Turn Back the Clock" promotion with a retro theme and throwback uniforms several times early in their existence, and it has become an annual tradition since 2006. Because the franchise does not yet have a long history from which to choose uniforms, they have usually worn the uniforms of other historical local teams.
On these special occasions, Rays have worn the uniforms of the Tampa Tarpons of the Florida State League (in 1999, 2006, and 2010), the St. Petersburg Pelicans of the Senior Professional Baseball Association (in 2008), the St. Petersburg Saints (in 2007) and Tampa Smokers (in 2011) of the Florida International League, and the University of Tampa Spartans (in 2000). The Rays have worn their own uniforms for Turn Back the Clock night only once: in 2009, when they wore Devil Rays "rainbow" uniforms from their 1998 inaugural season.
For Turn Back the Clock night during the 2012 and 2013 seasons, the Rays took the field wearing specially designed 1979 Tampa Bay Rays "faux-back" uniforms that represented what the team might have worn had the franchise existed during the 1970s. These uniforms are patterned after the San Diego Padres' uniforms from the late 1970s, only in Rays' team colors.
The Rays' opponent on Turn Back the Clock night also wears throwbacks from the same era as the Rays' retro uniforms. For example, the Houston Astros wore their 1980s "Rainbow Guts" uniforms, the New York Mets wore the road uniforms of their 1969 championship team, the Chicago White Sox wore their red and white home uniforms from the 1970s, and the Baltimore Orioles wore their rare all-orange uniforms from the early 1970s. Perhaps the most memorable such game was on June 23, 2007, when the Devil Rays wore St. Pete Saints uniforms from the early 1950s and the Los Angeles Dodgers wore the gray road uniforms of the 1955 Brooklyn Dodgers to honor Don Zimmer, who played on that Dodger team and is currently a senior adviser for the Rays. The team also gave away a bobblehead at the game featuring a young Zimmer in a Dodgers uniform and an older Zimmer in a Devil Rays uniform.
Team media.
Radio.
620 WDAE-AM has been the flagship station of the Rays radio network since 2009. The play-by-play announcers are Dave Wills and Andy Freed with Neil Solondz serving as the pregame and postgame host. Rich Herrera served as the host during pre- and post-game shows for the Tampa Rays Baseball Radio Network from 2005-2011. The (Devil) Rays original radio team consisted of Paul Olden and Charlie Slowes, who broadcast games from 1998 to 2005. Slowes went to the Washington Nationals, where he is now lead announcer, while Olden pursued a photography career before replacing Bob Sheppard as the public address announcer at Yankee Stadium in 2008. Rays games have been aired on WFLA 970 AM (1998–2004) and WHNZ 1250 AM (2005–2008) in the past.
<br>In 2013, the Rays became the second team to enter into a contract to have games broadcast nationally by Compass Media Networks in a Game of the Week format. The broadcast team utilized during the 2013 season was TJ Rives calling play-by-play and a rotating circuit of analysts in Rob Dibble, Jeff Nelson, and Steve Phillips. 22 Rays games were produced nationally by Compass Media for the 2013 season.
Television.
Sun Sports broadcasts the Rays' games on television. Through the 2008 season, many games also aired on Ion Television affiliate broadcast stations throughout the state of Florida, with WXPX in Tampa as the flagship. However, after the 2008 season, Sun Sports signed an agreement to become the exclusive local broadcaster of the Rays, and will air 155 games per year through 2016. Fox Sports Florida began broadcasting a portion of the schedule in HD beginning in 2007 after Tropicana Field's broadcast equipment was upgraded for in-house HD production. Most Rays home games are now broadcast in HD.
Dewayne Staats (play-by-play) and Brian Anderson (color commentary) are the TV voices of the Rays, with Todd Kalas, the son of Philadelphia announcing legend Harry Kalas, serving as the pregame and postgame host as well as a field reporter during games. Todd also hosts magazine shows and specials on Sun Sports throughout the season. For the first 11 seasons of the franchise, Staats teamed with Joe Magrane on the Rays' TV broadcasts. Magrane left after the 2008 season to take a position at the MLB Network. Kevin Kennedy served as the primary color commentator in 2009 and 2010, with Brian Anderson filling in on some road trips. Anderson took over as the everyday commentator for 2011.
Awards.
Staats, Magrane, Kalas, Wills, Olden and Slowes have all been nominated for the Ford C. Frick Award, the broadcasters' path to the Baseball Hall of Fame.
Promotions.
Bobbleheads 2013 This year the Rays released several bobbleheads. The first was released on April 22 and featured David Price's dog "Astro". On April 24 the Rays released the famous "Joe Gnome" bobblehead. May 24–26 saw the release of the Fernando Rodney bobblehead in his famous shooting-the-arrow position. On July 6 the team released the Evan Longoria retro bobblehead.
Bobbleheads 2012 The first bobblehead released was Kyle Farnsworth on May 24. June 3 saw the release of a Desmond Jennings Bobblehead. Coach Joe Madden saw his bobblehead released on June 15. On June 29 the Rays released the whimsical Zim Bear. Although this was not a bobblehead, the likeness of long-time coach Don Zimmer proved to be a fan favorite. July saw the release of two bobbleheads with James Shields on July 1 and Matt Moore on July 22. The last bobblehead was Matt Joyce on September 23.
"The Rookie".
The Tampa Bay Devil Rays were featured in the movie, The Rookie, a 2002 drama directed by John Lee Hancock. It is based on the true story of Jim Morris, who had a brief but famous Major League Baseball career with the team.
Morris was 35 year-old high school baseball coach who could repeatedly throw a baseball 98 miles per hour (158 km/h), an ability that only a few major leaguers can equal. He was persuaded to try out for professional ballclubs and signed with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays organization. Morris was initially assigned to the minor league Class AA Orlando Rays (now the Montgomery Biscuits), but quickly moved up to the AAA Durham Bulls and was called up to the "Bigs" during the September roster expansions.
Jim Morris spent parts of two seasons with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays as a relief pitcher. He pitched 15 innings in 21 games, with an earned run average of 4.80.
Rays fandom.
Although widespread support has been slow to build with the lack of success in its first ten seasons, it has taken some cues from the powerhouses of the American League East. Whereas Red Sox fans are referred to as Red Sox Nation, and Yankee fans are referred to as Yankees Universe (and the team itself being called the "Evil Empire"), the Rays have adopted the term Rays Republic for their fan base. The team has also had its fair share of notable fans and outrageous fan traditions over the years.
The Happy Heckler.
"The Happy Heckler" is a nickname for avid fan Robert Szasz, a Clearwater real estate developer. He had season tickets near home plate from where he boisterously heckled one or two players on the opposing team, yelling so loudly that he was clearly audible on both TV and radio broadcasts. He was known as an "ethical" heckler, choosing his targets after research and always heckling their play, never throwing personal insults or using foul language
The reaction from opposing ballplayers was mixed. Most tried to ignore him, some laughed, and José Guillén offered to give Szasz an autographed bat if he agreed to "get off his back". On one occasion, Bret Boone struck out while being heckled and then threw down his batting helmet and yelled angrily back at Szarz. In 2008, Szasz released a book entitled "The Happy Heckler".
In 2009, banks filed several lawsuits against him for defaulting on more than $9 million in loans that he personally signed for, and Wachovia Bank foreclosed on his waterfront home on Snell Isle. Szasz did not renew his Rays season tickets for 2009 and was not heard heckling in Tropicana Field again until April 2012, when he resumed his activities during selected games.
More Cowbell.
The Rays' Cowbell was originally a promotional idea thought up by principal owner Stuart Sternberg, who got the idea from the Saturday Night Live sketch. Since then, it has become a standard feature of home games, something akin to the Sacramento Kings of the NBA and the bells their fans ring during games. Road teams have often considered the cowbell a nuisance. Once a year the Rays hold an annual "cowbell night" and give away free cowbells. Cowbells are available for purchase throughout the year as well. The cowbells are rung most prominently when the opposing batter has two strikes, when the opposing fans try to chant, and when the Rays make a good play.
DJ Kitty.
Whenever the game situation calls for a rally, the 'DJ Kitty' appears on the large video screen in Tropicana Field. A large anthropomorphic cat, wearing a Rays jersey, appears on the screen wielding a turntable similar to those used by rap DJs. Loud music is played over the PA system while the arrival of the DJ Kitty is proclaimed on display boards throughout the ballpark. The character was created in 2010 by Rays entertainment director Lou Costanza in an attempt to rally the Rays players and the fans at Tropicana Field.
Professional wrestlers.
Rays games are frequently visited by professional wrestlers, as there are a large number of wrestlers living in the Tampa Bay Area. The Nasty Boys (Brian Knobs and Jerry Sags), Brutus Beefcake, and Hulk Hogan all appear on a semi-regular basis at Rays games. John Cena appears on occasion.
The Rays held a "Legends of Wrestling Night" on May 18, 2007, featuring several wrestling matches after the game, an 8–4 loss to the Florida Marlins. Outfielder and wrestling fan Jonny Gomes ran interference for the Nasty Boys during the main event.
A second "Wrestling Night" was held on April 19, 2008, after a 5–0 win over the Chicago White Sox. Gomes participated again, this time making a post-match save for the Nasty Boys.
Team slogans.
2008.
The mantra "9=8" (spoken as "nine equals eight") was used by the Rays during the 2008 season. The phrase was originally created by manager Joe Maddon while riding his bike after the 2007 season. The meaning of the phrase was that if nine players play nine innings of hard baseball everyday, that team would become one of the eight teams who qualify for the post-season. Prior to 2008 season, the Rays had never had a winning season in franchise history, much less a post-season appearance.
After a slow start to the 2008 season, the Rays began to pick up speed and found themselves among the best teams in the league that year. Maddon had blue t-shirts made with the phrase on the back in yellow, representing the team's new colors, and gave them to the players during the season. His idea to put the slogan on the back of the shirt, rather than the front, was that a person who was walking behind someone wearing the shirt would see it.
Rays right fielder Gabe Gross, who was acquired by the team through a trade early into the 2008 campaign, said that as much as it was 9=8, it was more along the lines that 13=8, because the Rays had many players contributing to the team's success that season.
The Rays played well enough throughout the year that they surpassed their previous team record for wins in a single season by more than 20 wins and ultimately clinched a spot in the 2008 MLB post-season for their first postseason appearance in franchise history. As the phrase "9=8" had come to fruition, Maddon stated that the phrase also meant that theory and reality had come together.
With each level the Rays reached, the equation was changed. After they clinched their post-season spot, it became "9=4", to represent the teams advancing to the LCS. When they won the ALDS, it became "9=2", for the teams advancing to the World Series. When they won the ALCS, it became "9=1", representing the possible World Series Championship. In the end, they did not win the World Series, losing to the Philadelphia Phillies four games to one.
2009.
A week before Spring Training for the 2009 season, Maddon introduced a new slogan, 09 > '08". The meaning of his new idea was that he doesn't like to use the words "great" or "greater," but would rather the phrase be spoken as "better than." His only problem was that there is no symbol for "better than." Originally thinking about creating a new symbol to mean "better than," he admitted that he didn't want to get "too nuts," so the symbol for greater than would have to do. Re-emphasizing that 9 would always equal 8 in the Rays' math, the upcoming season would be greater than the previous. He wanted the players to understand that "in order to build this new road we have to be better than we were last year." Unfortunately for the Rays, 2009 was not better than 2008. Though they finished the season in 3rd place with an 84–78 record, making it the second best season in franchise history, they failed to reach the post-season.
2010.
For the 2010 season, another slogan was created. Unlike the previous two seasons, this slogan did not involve any sort of math. The slogan was "WIN", an acronym that stood for "What's Important Now?", with the message being "stay in the moment." In his explanation of the slogan, Maddon credited Ken Ravizza, the performance consultant of the Rays and a sports psychologist, as the creator. Maddon stated, "It's always about staying in the present tense and having a higher state of awareness." "GTMI" became another notable slogan during the year, standing for "Get The Man In" (though it is reported a player has used a "more colorful" term to take place of the word "man"), referring to an in-game situation in which the Rays had runners in scoring position. Historically, the team had a habit of stranding runners on third base with less than two outs. In practices during the 2010 season, the Rays would run the "get-the-man-in drill" to improve situational hitting. Derek Shelton, who came into the season as the team's new hitting coach, taught that batters should not look for a pitch they could hit for a home run, but one that they could hit well enough to score runners.
Awards, league leaders, and individual records.
Retired numbers.
The Tampa Bay Rays have retired two numbers. These numbers are displayed to the left of the center field scoreboard and "K Counter" on a small wall.
Jackie Robinson's number 42 was retired by all of Major League Baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="18293094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293094" title="Deir Atiyah">
Deir Atiyah

Dair Atiah or Dayr Atiyah (), is a city in Syria, located between the Qalamoun Mountains and the Eastern Lebanon Mountains Series, north of the capital Damascus and on the road to the city of Homs. Dair Atiah's 2004 population is 10,984 people. Its inhabitants are predominantly Christians.
Dair Atiah enjoys a moderate climate in summer and cold in the winter as Dair Atiah is located at an altitude of above sea level.
The proximity to a desert region, where the average rainfall does not exceed more than annually, means that environmental conditions, including poor soil, does not provide adequate resources to economically sustain the local population. Hence locals travel or emigrate. Many locals emigrated to the Americas in the early 20th Century, and to the Persian Gulf countries after the emergence of job opportunities there, and to Eastern Asia.
Agriculture.
Farmers cultivate grapes, apricots, cherries, figs and other fruits.
Dair Atiah benefits from groundwater located in its valley.
Dair Atiah has a number of windmills (sometimes referred to as Air Wheels). The power generated by the windmills is used to pump water from deep wells. The origins of the windmills are not known, but they are reported to be a major source of power to pump water for agriculture for more than a hundred years.
Culture.
Dair Atiah has a museum, a sports center and cultural center.
In 2003, the first private university in Syria, University of Kalamoon, was opened in Dair Atiyah.
People in Dair Atiah consume a hot drink called Mate, which Syrian expatriates brought and introduced from South America. The invitation "Come and drink Mate" is typical of this region's hospitality. The invitation implies not only the sharing of a drink, but also a meal.
History.
Historians match the name of this city with Romanian Commander Theodorus Paulus whose name means "Giving God" (). This name has been associated in minds of successive generations in Dair Atiah for more than thousand years.
A number of ancient Roman channels can be found in Yabrud, close to Dair Atiah.

</doc>
<doc id="18293138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293138" title="Dale D. Myers">
Dale D. Myers

Dale Dehaven Myers (born January 8, 1922) was the Deputy Administrator of NASA between October 6, 1986 and May 13, 1989. He was born in Kansas City, Missouri, and graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Aeronautical Engineering from the University of Washington in Seattle in 1943.
Biography.
Myers was born in Kansas City, Missouri, on January 8, 1922, to a physician. His boyhood hero was Charles Lindbergh, an aviator who became famous after crossing the Atlantic by aircraft. Aged 5, Myers met Lindbergh and shook his hand; in a 2008 interview, Myers recalled "that did it. That did it."
Between 1939 and 1940 Myers attended Kansas City Junior College, then in 1943 he graduated from the University of Washington with a Bachelor of Science in Aeronautical Engineering. In the mid-1940s he was involved in the development of various aircraft for Project Aerodynamicist, including the North American F-82 Twin Mustang. From 1946 until 1957 he began working in missile development, until he was selected as vice-president and weapons systems manager. By this time he had lost his left eye in an automobile accident.
In 1963 Myers migrated to Rockwell International, and the following year he began contract work for NASA's space program. From 1964 he was the program manager of the Apollo program's Command/Service Module Program, replacing John W. Paup. After a fire destroyed Apollo 1 and killed three astronauts in January 1967, much of the program's management was purged; Myers, however, was retained. He migrated to the Space Shuttle program in 1969, soon after Apollo 11's historic moon landing. Myers later described his work with Apollo as a highlight of his career.
In 1970 Myers was promoted to Associate Administrator for Manned Space Flight at NASA, replacing George Mueller. In this position he stayed at mission control when Apollo 13 experienced a crippling explosion; later he promoted the selection of Harrison Schmitt as geologist for Apollo 17. He served until 1974. During this time he earned three NASA Distinguished Service Medals, one in 1971 for his work on the Apollo program and two in 1974 (one for his work on Skylab and the Shuttle, the other for his work towards manned spaceflight). In 1970 he also received an honorary doctorate from Whitworth College. Myers is a former president of the National Academy of Engineering.
Afterwards he returned to Rockwell, serving as its vice president; during this period he also served as president of North American Aircraft Group, during which time the company developed the Rockwell B-1 Lancer. Myers was Under Secretary at the Department of Energy (1977–1979). For the five years, from 1979 to 1984, Myers served as president and COO of Jacobs Engineering Group; he then became a private consultant, operating his own company known as Dale D. Myers & Associates Aerospace and Energy.
On October 6, 1986, eleven months after the "Challenger" disaster, Myers was selected as Deputy Administrator of NASA. Myers was initially unwilling to accept the position, but after a telephone call from the "persuasive" president Ronald Reagan, Myers accepted the position. Replacing William Robert Graham, he was tasked with helping the agency recoup and continue the Space Shuttle program; in a Senate hearing, Myers argued that the agency had lost its "hands-on, loving care" and that the checks and balances system had "gone soft". He resigned effective May 13, 1989, having served as acting administrator in place of James C. Fletcher for almost a month. NASA historian Roger Launius credits Myers with bringing a sense of optimism to the agency following the disaster.
After leaving NASA Myers returned to private consulting, later becoming involved in the failed Kistler Aerospace program. Myers is married and lives in La Costa, California. He has two grown daughters. Myers has continued to speak publicly about the space program, including giving testimonial before Congress in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18293143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293143" title="Enterprise Collaboration Architecture">
Enterprise Collaboration Architecture

The first version of the Enterprise Collaboration Architecture (ECA) has been published by the Object Management Group (OMG) in 2004.
The vision of the (ECA) is to simplify the development of component based and services oriented systems by providing a modeling framework aligned with the Model Driven Architecture (MDA) of the Object Management Group (OMG). 
The ECA thus provides a modeling framework for technology neutral business process design followed by implementation mappings onto the chosen architecture and technologies. It requires bi-directional traceability across the specification, implementation and operation.
The ECA specifies a set of UML models used to model different aspects (e.g. static and dynamic aspects) of the system and a set of viewpoints addressing different concerns (e.g. business, engineering, technology, ...).
ECA models.
The ECA comprises four UML models:
The Component Collaboration Architecture (CCA).
The Component Collaboration Architecture (CCA) provides a recursive decomposition and assembly of logical parts or process roles. These represent abstract role players which are ultimately mapped onto physical system components. ECA thus separates process roles from the physical process components realizing these roles. 
The Business Process Model.
The business process model defines the business processes across levels of granularity using compound task diagrams. A compound task coordinates lower level activities to perform a higher level activity. Process roles can be defined for activities. ECA defines the following three process roles
The ECA does not require the formal specification of services contracts for performers, but in most cases this would be encouraged.
The Events Model.
The events model aims to support the specification of loosely coupled, event-driven applications. It defines 
The Entities Model.
The entities model defines the structure of and relationships between business entities.
ECA Views.
The ECA views are directly taken from the Reference Model of Open Distributed Processing RM-ODP:

</doc>
<doc id="18293168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293168" title="Armenian studies">
Armenian studies

Armenian studies or Armenology ( ) is a field of humanities covering Armenian history, language and culture.
Armenological centers and associations.
Armenian studies programs.
The Armenian Virtual College - AVC http://www.avc-agbu.org

</doc>
<doc id="18293173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293173" title="441-line television system">
441-line television system

441 lines, or 383i if named using modern standard, is an early electronic television system. It was used with 50 interlaced frames per second in France and Germany, where it was an improvement over the previous 180-line system. In North America it was used by RCA with 60 frames per second from 1938 to 1941.
Use in Germany.
After trials in 375 lines during the Berlin Olympic Games of 1936, by 1937 Germany had introduced a 441 lines with 50 interlaced frames per second television system that replaced the previous 180 lines network relayed by a special Reichspost (National Post Office) cable network in the country's main cities (Berlin, Hamburg, Munich, Bayreuth, Nuremberg). The system's line frequency was 11025 Hz and the broadcast frequencies were 46.0 MHz for vision and 43.2 MHz for sound. Its image aspect ratio was close to 1.15:1.
A project began in 1938 involving the National Post and several companies including Bosch, Blaupunkt, Loewe, Lorenz, TeKaDe and Telefunken that aimed to produce 10,000 units of the television system. However due to the onset of the Second World War only about 50 devices were installed in military hospitals and various government departments. The transmitter's aerials in Berlin were destroyed during an Allied Forces' bombing in November 1943, but the station was also relayed by a special coaxial cables network to "wide screen" public "TV-rooms" ("fernsehstuben") so it carried on this way until 1944.
Einheitsempfänger.
The Einheitsempfänger is a German TV receiver created in 1939. It could only receive one channel, since its receiving frequency was preset in the factory. This allowed for lower prices and would have made difficult the reception of foreign channels, were any of them available.
To date, only a few surviving and functioning units are known:
Use in France.
By 1941 the "Fernsehsender Paris" station transmitted from the Eiffel Tower in Paris using the German 441 lines system and its main technical characteristics. Television programs were mainly for wounded soldiers of the Wehrmacht occupation troops who recovered in the Greater Paris Area hospitals, but they also included French-language shows. Broadcasts were monitored in the United Kingdom during the Second World War to gather intelligence information from occupied France. Because the 819 lines standard had been adopted in 1948 for the national network, it was due to cease on January 1, 1958. However, after a long elections coverage night, most of the equipment was destroyed by fire on January 3, 1956. It was decided to indemnify the 3,000 owners of remaining 441 lines sets and to entitle them to reduced rates for their new 819 lines receivers. Since July 1952 the 441 lines transmitter was no longer broadcasting separate programs, but simply picked up the national network's picture through an 819-441 lines "optical converter" (a 441 lines camera, slightly out of focus, pointed at a 819 lines monitor equipped with an oval spotlight cathode ray tube).
The line frequency was 11025 Hz with vision broadcast at 46.0 MHz and sound at 42.0 MHz. Aerials were independent for audio and vision at the top of the Eiffel tower, both vertically polarized. No gain being obtained from these pre-war basic aerials, the effective radiated power was only the transmitter's peak one, i.e. 30 kW which enabled a good reception in a radius of 100 km around Paris. As displayed in J.M. Frost's WRTH (World Radio TV Handbook) editions at that time, the transmitter's frequencies (42-46 MHz) were listed as channel "S" (or "Special" channel) in the European Broadcasting Union's official documents.
Use in Italy.
Replacing pre-war tests in 343 lines, broadcasts using the 441 lines system began in Italy in 1939 with regular services from Rome using 2 kW power and Milan using 400 W power in the frequency band of 40-45 MHz. Broadcasts were discontinued on May 31st 1940.
As in France, all technical data - VHF frequencies excepted - were identical to those in use in Germany.
North America.
Field tests in Los Angeles on various line systems began in 1936, and North America had adopted RCA's 441-line system by 1938. The following year the first TV receivers were sold on a very limited basis, mostly in New York, the new system being publicly launched by NBC during the New York World's Fair in April 1939. Its manufacturers included RCA, General Electric, DuMont, and Andrea. Following a decision of the NTSC (National Television System Committee), the 525 line System-M replaced the 441 line standard on July 1, 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18293176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293176" title="Icar Air">
Icar Air

Icar Air is a privately owned Airline LLC, founded in 2000, based in Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Main Activities :
-Leasing of Aircraft on Long and Short term basis ( ACMI )
-Charter flights on request
Fleet.
The Icar Air fleet includes the following aircraft (as of May 2012):

</doc>
<doc id="18293180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293180" title="Loss mitigation">
Loss mitigation

Loss mitigation is used to describe a third party helping a homeowner, a division within a bank that mitigates the loss of the bank, or a firm that handles the process of negotiation between a homeowner and the homeowner's lender. Loss mitigation works to negotiate mortgage terms for the homeowner that will prevent foreclosure. These new terms are typically obtained through loan modification, short sale negotiation, short refinance negotiation, deed in lieu of foreclosure, cash-for-keys negotiation, a partial claim loan, repayment plan, forbearance, or other loan work-out. All of the options serve the same purpose, to stabilize the risk of loss the lender (investor) is in danger of realizing.
Benefits.
The most common benefit to the homeowner is the prevention of foreclosure because loss mitigation works to either relieve the homeowner of the or create a mortgage resolution that is financially sustainable for the homeowner. Lenders benefit by mitigating the losses they would incur through foreclosing on the homeowner. Immediate foreclosure creates a tremendous financial burden on the lender.
History and causes.
Loss mitigation has been a tool used by lenders for decades, but experienced tremendous growth since late 2006. This rapid expansion was in response to the dramatic increase in foreclosures nationwide. Prior to late 2006, early 2007; Loss Mitigation was a tiny department within most lending institutions. In fact, the run up prior to the near collapse of the entire financial system shows Loss Mitigation was almost nonexistent. The ten-year period prior to 2007 spurred rapid year over year increases in home prices caused by low interest rates and low underwriting standards. Loss Mitigation was only needed for extreme cases due to the homeowners ability to repeatedly refinance and avoid defaulting.
Beginning in 2007 the mortgage industry nearly collapsed. Large numbers of lenders went out of business and the rest were forced to eliminate all of the loan programs that were most prone to foreclosure. These foreclosures were mostly caused by the packaging and selling of subprime and other risky mortgages. The transfer of ownership from mortgage lender to third party investor proved to be disastrous. Lenders wrote risky loans and sold them without being directly affected by the borrowers inability to pay. This practice prompted mortgage lenders to lower the requirements of mortgage approval to the lowest levels in history. Lenders sold pools of these mortgage loans to investment firms who packaged and resold them in the market in the form of bond issues. The investment firms weren't naive to the quality of the mortgages, so they purchased credit default swaps (a type of insurance product without technically being insurance)for protection of inevitable default. In fact, credit default swaps were created during this time and didn't exist prior to the housing boom. This resulted in millions of unqualified people obtaining mortgages. Another major factor of "mortgage meltdown" was caused by the Bond Rating Agencies. The agencies rated subprime mortgage pools as "investment grade" which opened up an almost unlimited supply of large investors (mutual funds, pension funds and even countries)to purchase these bond issues (The investment grade rating duped money managers into thinking the bonds were less risky then they actually were). When homeowners began to default on their mortgage payments the bonds were proven to be too risky for investment. This led investment companies to cease purchasing newly originated mortgage pools. In addition, investment firms came to see that the credit default swaps weren't true protection and were essentially worthless. The lenders could no longer sell off the newly originated mortgages. This halted the regeneration of capital necessary for these mortgage banks to lend money. In fact, well over 200 mortgage banks were either forced to close or went bankrupt. This crisis was dubbed the "Credit Crunch" and the subprime mortgage crisis.
The surviving lenders were faced with mounting losses from foreclosures. In Addition, they had to depend solely on lending capital derived from deposits. This environment forced the drastic tightening of lending guidelines. 
This resulted in millions of people to be unqualified to refinance out of their risky subprime, adjustable rate and negative amortization loans. Many people suffered dramatic payment increases. At the same time, housing prices plummuted due to the "housing correction" That was fueled by record foreclosures. Based on RealtyTrac data, since December 2007 and through June 2010 there have been a total of 2.36 million U.S. properties repossessed by lenders through foreclosure (REO). In addition there have been 3.48 million default notices and 3.46 million scheduled foreclosure auctions. This major increase of properties on the market decreased home values creating a market with fewer qualified borrowers than homes for sale. When there is less demand the prices drop. Home values were at highly inflated levels prior to this due to historically low interest rates and the steady decline of credit requirements for the homeowner to qualify for a mortgage. Many homeowners found themselves with negative equity meaning the mortgage balance was considerably higher than the market value of the home also known as being "underwater". Many homeowners elected to default voluntarily on their mortgage. Being "underwater" means their home is no longer an asset to them. With all this stacked against them and very few options, the result for many was default and foreclosure or loss mitigation. 
Loss Mitigation can be negotiated directly by the homeowner or an attorney. Be careful of fraudulant claims by third parties, a 2008 study by Professor Alan M White found that of 4,342 modifications that he studied, only 62 received principal reductions.
Still feeling the blow, this has led to a loss of equity (from inflated levels) for every homeowner in the country. With less equity homeowners are less likely to qualify for a loan that will refinance them out of a risky loan; with less equity less homeowners are able to qualify for home equity line of credits or a second mortgage in order to pay for financial emergencies.

</doc>
<doc id="18293199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293199" title="Jimmy Gownley">
Jimmy Gownley

Jimmy Gownley (born 1972) is an American comic book writer/artist best known for his award winning comic book "Amelia Rules". He grew up in the small town of Girardville, Pennsylvania and started to write and draw his own comics at an early age. His first published work was "Shades of Gray", which he self-published. Two issues (#0 and #1), self-distributed in an edition of about 100 copies, were published in 1988-89 while the artist was still in high school. Twelve additional issues, starting over with #1 (1993) and titled "Shades of Gray Comics and Stories", had national distribution in the low thousands of copies, with color covers and black and white interior art. Gownley called his publishing company Lady Luck, Ltd.
In 1998, Gownley published a "Shades of Gray" graphic novel, titled "Fiction, Part One". Included with the graphic novel was a CD of songs, purportedly written and sung by the characters, actually written by Gownley, and performed by a group of hired musicians. "Fiction" ends on a cliffhanger, but as of 2011 no Part Two has appeared. Instead, Gownley turned to a new set of characters with "Amelia Rules".
The first four issues of "Shades of Gray" were collected in 1995, in a trade paperback titled "Days to Remember", and all 12 issues were collected in 2006 in "Black and White Life".
Jimmy Gownley has always had a close circle of admirers, but with the publication of "Amelia Rules" starting in 2001, he began to receive national recognition, with favorable reviews in Library Journal. Four graphic novel collections of Amelia Rules! were released under Gownley's self-publishing label Renaissance Press, a company he co-founded along with his wife Karen Gownley, and cartoonist Michael Cohen.
The publishing rights to Amelia Rules! were purchased by Simon & Schuster in 2008. The 8-book deal would re-publish the first four Amelia Rules! books and see the release of four new ones.
In May, 2009, Atheneum, an imprint of Simon and Schuster began re-releasing the first four volumes of Amelia Rules!: The Whole World's Crazy, What Makes You Happy, Superheroes, and When The Past Is A Present. They also released a re-packaged version of the holiday story (found in The Whole World's Crazy), entitled A Very Ninja Christmas.
"Amelia Rules!: The Tweenage Guide To Not Being Unpopular" was released in April 2010. "True Things (Adults Don't Want Kids To Know)" was released in October, 2010. "The Meaning of Life... and Other Stuff" became the seventh volume in the Amelia series when it was released in September 2011.
In November 2011 Simon and Schuster announced that the eighth Amelia Rules! volume will be called "Her Permanent Record"
Upon release in 2012 "Her Permanent Record" became a New York Times Bestseller, a first for Gownley and the series.
While still producing Amelia Rules! books, Gownley launched a new project in September 2011. "Gracieland" a weekly webstrip featuring the comic exploits of a Catholic School girl and her family found immediate favor, receiving favorable reviews on Comics Worth Reading and Comic Book Resources. Gownley produces the strip with his long-time friend, and Catholic School educator Ellen Toole .
Gownley travels around the country talking to students, teachers, and librarians about the creative process and the art of cartooning. He has been an Artist-In-Residence at the Museum of Cartoon Art and The Charles M. Schulz Museum and Research Center.
Awards.
In 2008, Gownley was nominated for four Eisner Awards, the comic book industry's highest honor, which tied him for most nominations by an individual that year. The nominations were for "Best kid's comic", "Best Single Issue" (#18), Best Lettering, Best Coloring.
Gownley has also been nominated for five Harvey Awards in the categories of Best Artist, Best Graphic album reprint, and Best Humor Publication.
"Amelia Rules!: Superheroes" won the Cybil Award for Best Graphic Novel for ages 12 and under.
In 2008, Gownley was a winner of the Pennsylvania Library Associations One Book Award.
"The Tweenage Guide to Not Being Unpopular", "True Things (Adults Don't Want Kids to Know)" and "The Meaning of Life... and Other Stuff" were all named Junior Library Guild selections.

</doc>
<doc id="18293200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293200" title="Aaron Cohen (Deputy NASA administrator)">
Aaron Cohen (Deputy NASA administrator)

Aaron Cohen (January 5, 1931 – February 25, 2010) was the Acting Deputy Administrator of NASA between 19 February 1992 and 1 November 1992. 
Education.
Cohen received a Bachelor of Science degree from Texas A&M University in 1952, a Master of Science degree from Stevens Institute of Technology in 1958, and an honorary doctorate from Stevens in 1982. Cohen graduated from Thomas Jefferson High School in San Antonio, Texas.
Career.
Cohen joined NASA in 1962 and served in key leadership roles critical to the success of the flights and lunar landings of the Apollo Program. From 1969 to 1972, Cohen was the manager for the Apollo Command and Service Modules. He oversaw the design, development, production and test flights of the space shuttles as manager of NASA's Space Shuttle Orbiter Project Office from 1972 to 1982. After serving as Director of Engineering at Johnson for several years, he was named director of the center in 1986, serving in that post until 1993.
After his retirement from NASA, Cohen taught mechanical engineering design at Texas A&M University. In 2000, he was appointed Professor Emeritus, and in 2010, he was awarded an honorary Doctor of Letters.

</doc>
<doc id="18293207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293207" title="McQuade">
McQuade

McQuade is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18293233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293233" title="List of Phoenix Coyotes draft picks">
List of Phoenix Coyotes draft picks

This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Phoenix Coyotes franchise. It includes every player who was drafted, regardless of whether they played for the team.
Draft picks.
"Note: Stats are updated through the end of the 2009–10 season."

</doc>
<doc id="18293236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293236" title="Jamil Adam">
Jamil Adam

Jamil Adam (born on 5 June 1991 in Bolton) is an English footballer of Nigerian and Irish descent who plays as a striker for Burscough F.C., having previously played for Championship side Barnsley.
Career.
Adam began his youth career with Premiership side Manchester City.where he won the club's 2008 Academy Player of the Year. After leaving City, Jamil joined Championship side Barnsley and made his debut in the final game of the 2007–08 season against Cardiff City. Next season, Adam bagged a brace in the first friendly match in the 4–1 win at Buxton and the following day, he scored against Glossop Town for Barnsley.
At the end of the 2009-10 season, Jamil was named Barnsley's Young Player of the Year.
On 12 January 2011, Adam left Barnsley by mutual consent after making one league appearance for The Tykes and also making a brief substitute appearance in the F.A. Cup against West Ham.
International career.
Adam is eligible to play for England, Nigeria, or Ireland. He has previously been called up to Nigeria underage sides but has since made his debut for the Republic of Ireland Under-19 side and played in the UEFA Championship first qualifying stage in San Marino in November 2009 where he scored in a 5-0 victory.
Jamil also represented the Republic of Under-19 side in the Clarion Hotels U19 Four Nations Tournament where he made two substitute appearances against Turkey Under-19s and Holland Under-19s.
Honours.
2010 Young Player of the Year

</doc>
<doc id="18293238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293238" title="Abdirahman bin Isma'il al-Jabarti">
Abdirahman bin Isma'il al-Jabarti

Abdirahman bin Isma'il al-Jabarti, also known as Darod or Dawud, is the man traditionally held to be the common ancestor of the Somali Darod clan. According to early Islamic books and local tradition, Abdirahman is believed to have descended from Aqeel ibn Abi Talib, a member of the Banu Hashim and the uncle of the Prophet Muhammad.
Biography.
Authors such as Ibn Hawqal, Al-Muqaddasi and Ibn Said have confirmed the early presence of Arabian tribes in municipalities such as Berbera, Zeila, Jabarta (an old metropolis now in ruins), and Massawa in the northern Horn of Africa. 
Al-Masudi wrote about the specific Arabian families and tribes that lived in Jabarta and Zeila in his 9th century book "Aqeeliyoon". This book sheds light on one individual, a Sufi Sheikh of the Qadiriyyah order called Isma'il ibn Ibrahim al-Jabarti, who fathered several children, one of which was named Abdirahman.
According to such early Islamic books and Somali tradition, Muhammad ibn Aqil's descendant Abdirahman bin Isma'il al-Jabarti (Darod) fled his homeland in the Arabian Peninsula after an argument with his uncle. During the 10th or 11th century CE, he is believed to have then settled in northern Somalia just across the Red Sea. He subsequently married Dobira, the daughter of Dagale (Dikalla), the Dir clan chief, which is said to have given rise to the Darod clan family.
According to the British anthropologist and Somali Studies veteran I.M. Lewis, while the traditions of descent from noble Arab families related to the Prophet are most probably expressions of the importance of Islam in Somali society, "there is a strong historically valid component in these legends which, in the case of the Darod, is confirmed in the current practice of a Dir representative officiating at the ceremony of installation of the chief of the Darod family."
A similar clan mythology exists for the Isaaq, who are said to have descended from one Sheikh Ishaq ibn Ahmad al-'Alawi, another Banu Hashim who came to Somalia around the same time. As with Sheikh Isaaq, there are also numerous existing hagiologies in Arabic which describe Sheikh Darod's travels, works and overall life in northern Somalia, as well as his movements in Arabia before his arrival. Besides historical sources such as Al-Masudi's "Aqeeliyoon", a modern "manaaqib" (a collection of glorious deeds) printed in Cairo in 1945 by Sheikh Ahmad bin Hussen bin Mahammad titled "Manaaqib as-Sheikh Ismaa'iil bin Ibraahiim al-Jabarti" also discusses Sheikh Darod and his proposed father Isma'il al-Jabarti, the latter of whom is reportedly buried in Bab Siham in the Zabid District of western Yemen.
Sheikh Darod's own tomb is in Haylaan, situated in the Hadaaftimo Mountains in northern Somalia, and is the scene of frequent pilgrimages. Sheikh Isaaq is buried nearby in Maydh, as is Sheikh Harti, a descendant of Sheikh Darod and the progenitor of the Harti Darod sub-clan, whose tomb lies in the ancient town of Qa’ableh.
Sheikh Darod's "mawlid" (birthday) is also celebrated every Friday with a public reading of his "manaaqib".
Lineage.
According to many medieval and modern Islamic historians, Darod is descended from Aqeel ibn Abi Talib, the uncle of the Prophet and brother of Ali ibn Abi Talib. An ancient Islamic history book, called "Aqeeliyoon" by Al-Masudi, talks in detail about the descendants of Aqeel ibn Abi Talib, wherein Darod is also mentioned. The book gives Sheikh Darod's lineage as Abdirahmaan Bin Ismaa'iil Bin Ibraahim Bin Abdirahmaan Bin Muhammed Bin Abdi Samad Bin Hanbal Bin Mahdi Bin Ahmed Bin Abdalle Bin Muhammed Bin Aqail Bin Abu-Talib Bin Abdul-Mutalib Bin Hashim Bin Qusaya.

</doc>
<doc id="18293239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293239" title="Gene Locklear">
Gene Locklear

Gene Locklear is a former Major League Baseball outfielder, born in Lumberton, North Carolina. He played all or part of five seasons, from until , in the major leagues. He also played one season in Nippon Professional Baseball for the Nippon Ham Fighters in .
Locklear was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Cincinnati Reds in . He played in their farm system until . He made the Reds' Opening Day roster in 1973, making his major league debut on April 5. In June, he was traded to the San Diego Padres, for whom he played until . He was then traded to the New York Yankees, for whom he played 13 games in 1976 and one game in 1977. After spending most of the latter year with the Syracuse Chiefs minor league baseball team, he signed with the Fighters, where he ended his career. This included hitting four home runs in a single AAA game at Columbus, Ohio in 1978.
Locklear is a full-blooded member of the Lumbee people. After his baseball career, he worked as a commercial artist. 
Sources.
((Category: Charlie Revels

</doc>
<doc id="18293240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293240" title="Michael T. McGuire">
Michael T. McGuire

Dr. Michael T. McGuire (born 1929) is an American psychiatrist who has made contributions to the theory of psychoanalysis, biological psychiatry, evolutionary biology, sociobiology and the theory and practice of psychiatry.
Career.
Dr. McGuire is Emeritus Professor of Psychiatry/Biobehavioral Sciences at the University of California at Los Angeles. Dr. McGuire is a physician, psychiatrist and researcher in the areas of ethology, evolutionary biology, central nervous system neurotransmitters, and the biological basis of behavior. As a member of the Behavioral Research Institute at UCLA and Director of the Sepulveda Veterans Administration/UCLA Nonhuman Primate Laboratory, his primary areas of interest were nonhuman primate behavior, brain physiology, evolutionary theory, and ethology. A great deal of Dr. McGuire's published work in the last several years have been attempts to expand the application of Darwinian or evolutionary biology principles to areas such as law, healthcare, psychiatry and human behavior.
Biology and Law.
A significant amount of McGuire's work in the last few decades has been to position developments in biology and evolutionary theory as tools to improve our understanding of politics, economics, and law. "ur unimpressive record of understanding and forecasting political, social and economic events is largely a consequence of the failure to incorporate human nature into our thinking." Neuroscience and evolutionary biology have created new strategies for analyzing and understanding many aspects of human behavior, from mother-infant bonding to sexual selection. These and other scientific advances, McGuire writes, provide more exact information about human behavior, which in turn "facilitates a better understanding of which policies and decisions are likely to be effective." 
In the preface to the 1994 book, "The Neurotransmitter Revolution: Serotonin, Social Behavior and the Law," the editors, Roger Masters and Michael T. McGuire, state that new findings in neurochemistry and neuroanatomy offer valuable insights into human behavior. Numerous studies have demonstrated that in both nonhuman primates and humans, changes in neurotransmitter levels can lead to measurable changes in behavior, function and even social status. "Social scientists and lawyers will increasingly need to consider the ways scientific evidence can uncover chemical influence on behavior. Conversely, biologists and physicians will need to consider the legal and moral implications of their own research. Hasty conclusions by uninformed lawyers, journalists or politicians could do unforeseen damage to the fundamental principles of a democratic society." 
Most significantly, studies have revealed that humans enter the world with many predisposed behaviors which are the result of and influenced by genetics. This predisposition applies not only to basic emotions but to behaviorial strategies such as choosing a mate, protecting resources, and interacting in a social environment. Indeed, human institutions as complex as culture and tradition can also be looked at and evaluated in the same way. In other words, political and legal decisions that impact issues such immigration policy, privatization of land and religious tolerance should be evaluated through the prism of modern biological science.
Indeed, the impact of biological knowledge on law is already profound if one looks at how our interpretations of scientific information affect legal decisions in a variety of areas: environmental issues (altered foods, offshore drilling, species protection), reproductive lawsuits (surrogate mothering, paternity, abortion), mental illness defense (alcoholism, mental retardation, premenstrual syndrome), child abuse and neglect (fetal alcohol syndrome), military claims (agent orange, post-traumatic stress syndrome) and workplace claims (repetitive stress disorder).
McGuire has written that biologically based insights into human behavior, the role of the environment on behavior, the role of technology (such as drugs, the technical means to prolong life) and the nature of culture and tradition could benefit our legal theory and practice. At the same time, he cautions that there are numerous moral and ethical issues at stake in redefining our legal institutions and the application of biological information should not compromise the legal process or overstep the boundaries of our scientific knowledge.
Darwinian Psychiatry.
In the 1998 book, "Darwinian Psychiatry," McGuire, along with co-author, Alfonso Troisi, make that case that psychiatry would be better served by utilizing an evolutionary model rather than the prevailing models (e.g., the psychoanalysis, behavioral, or biomedical models) for diagnosing and treating mental conditions. This position is not unique and has been set forth by a number of medical professionals.
The idea that human behavior can indeed be understood within the framework of evolutionary theory was first suggested in Darwin’s publication of "The Expression of Emotions in Man and Animals" (1872). More than one hundred years passed until these ideas entered mainstream scientific discussions. In 1975, E.O. Wilson’s "Sociobiology" was not the only major publication to address these issues, but it may have been the most controversial. Wilson posited that using the same tools and reasoning as had been applied to animal and nonhuman primate studies, we could identify and utilize the evolutionarily origins of human social organization, barter and reciprocation, bonding, role playing, communication, culture, ritual and religion.
McGuire & Troisi build a case for Darwinian Psychiatry as a science of human behavior, then offer evolutionary models of mental conditions including depression, personality disorders, schizophrenia, phobias, anorexia nervosa, suicide and others. The thesis that psychiatry can achieve the status of a science has its basis in a theory of behavior which has structured protocols and agreed upon methods for testing hypotheses. At the same time the attempted program is as complex and far reaching as the human subject itself, integrating genetics, physiology, ethology, behavioral sciences, psychology and sociology into an understanding of human behavior and mental conditions.
Darwinian psychiatry differs from psychiatry’s prevailing models in that the Darwinian model is based on a theory of behavior that applies concepts from evolutionary biology including: ultimate causes, biological motivations-goals, sexual selection, traits and trait variation, and the social environment. At least four ultimately caused (selectively influenced) behavior patterns or systems are thought to apply to "Homo sapiens": survival, reproductive, kin assistance and reciprocation systems. A person’s mental health will be, in part, determined by how well he or she functions to achieve their often predetermined goals in each of these areas. The primary goal of therapy designed in an evolutionary context is to improve the individual’s capabilities to achieve these short term biological goals.
Evolutionary Theory Applied to Disorders.
The following are examples of evolutionary analysis applied to specific disorders:
Objections to Darwinian Psychiatry.
McGuire & Troisi addresses selected objections to the use and utility of evolutionary concepts to psychiatry.
"Objection": Evolutionary theory is a reductionist discipline that seeks to understand behavior and mental states as a function and process of genes. Such an approach is too limited and too unsupported with scientific data to be useful.
"Response": Darwinian Psychiatry is not a highly reductionist theory of behavior. In fact, Darwinian Psychiatry makes a strong case for the importance of learning, culture and social context on development and behavioral outcomes.
"Objection": Some theorists argue that the last period of intense selection for many of the present day traits of "Homo sapiens" occurred during a period of time between 100,000 and 10,000 years ago, called the environment of evolutionary adaptation or EEA. "Homo sapiens" has largely ceased to evolve genetically, morphologically or physiologically following that time period. Psychological capacities for mediating behavior rather than behaviors per se were the traits favored by selection during EEA and the selection favoring psychological capacities most parsimoniously accounts for human behavioral plasticity.
"Response": There is the possibility that "Homo sapiens" is still undergoing genetic change. Since "Homo sapiens" is recent in origin, speciation may be continuing both in terms of physical traits and mental conditions.
"Objection": Evolutionary biology can be fallacious when it proceeds by breaking an organism into adaptive traits and proposing an adaptive story for each trait considered separately.
"Response": Selection occurs on the level of the individual and not the individual trait. Less than optimal designs occur in part because the target of selection is the entire organism and not the trait itself. Selection does not optimize adaptive traits or strategies as much as it gradually eliminates unfit traits or strategies. We can measure adaptiveness by assessing the effort (costs) required.

</doc>
<doc id="18293251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293251" title="Edward Jolley">
Edward Jolley

Edward Francis George Jolley (1874 – 1 January 1915) was an Australian politician. Born in Maryborough, Victoria, he was educated at Xavier College where he was both captain and dux, and in 1889 and 1890 won exhibitions in English and history. An Ormond College scholarship followed, and in his second year at Melbourne University he won the scholarship in British history and jurisprudence. The following year he gained final honours, and won the Wyselaskie prize for constitutional law. Before entering politics, he was a lawyer in Maryborough.
In 1914, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Grampians, narrowly defeating sitting Liberal Hans Irvine. He died of a brain haemorrhage a few months later, on New Year's Day 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="18293258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293258" title="List of presidents of Brigham Young University–Hawaii">
List of presidents of Brigham Young University–Hawaii

The following people have served as presidents of Brigham Young University-Hawaii. This list does not include presidents of Brigham Young University (Provo, Utah) or Brigham Young University–Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="18293275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293275" title="Maximising measure">
Maximising measure

In mathematics — specifically, in ergodic theory — a maximising measure is a particular kind of probability measure. Informally, a probability measure "μ" is a maximising measure for some function "f" if the integral of "f" with respect to "μ" is “as big as it can be”. The theory of maximising measures is relatively young and quite little is known about their general structure and properties.
Definition.
Let "X" be a topological space and let "T" : "X" → "X" be a continuous function. Let Inv("T") denote the set of all Borel probability measures on "X" that are invariant under "T", i.e., for every Borel-measurable subset "A" of "X", "μ"("T"−1("A")) = "μ"("A"). (Note that, by the Krylov-Bogolyubov theorem, Inv("T") is non-empty.) Define, for continuous functions "f" : "X" → R, the maximum integral function "β" by
A probability measure "μ" in Inv("T") is said to be a maximising measure for "f" if

</doc>
<doc id="18293291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293291" title="Shrink Rap (TV series)">
Shrink Rap (TV series)

Shrink Rap was a British television series hosted by clinical psychologist Dr. Pamela Stephenson in which she interviewed various celebrities using psychotherapeutic techniques. "Shrink Rap" focused on relating various childhood experiences and traumas to the adult difficulties of the celebrities. While quasi-therapeutic in approach, the interviewees were briefed that the conversations were interviews and not strictly therapy.
The programme premièred on More4 on 2 April 2007 and was aired in Australia on ABC2 in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18293292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293292" title="Aspro">
Aspro

Aspro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18293303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293303" title="American Mafia">
American Mafia

The American Mafia, commonly known as the Mafia, Italian Mafia, Italian Mob, or the Mob in the United States, is an Italian-American criminal society. Similar to the Sicilian Mafia, the Italian-American Mafia is a secret criminal society without a formal name. Its members usually refer to it as Cosa Nostra (, Italian for "our thing"). The press has also coined the name "National Crime Syndicate" to refer to the entirety of U.S. organized crime, including the Mafia. The Mafia emerged in New York's Lower East Side, other areas of the East Coast of the United States, and several other major metropolitan areas (such as New Orleans) during the late 19th century and early 20th Century following waves of Italian immigration, especially from Sicily. It has its roots in the Sicilian Mafia, but is a separate organization in the United States. Neapolitan, Calabrian, and other Italian criminal groups, as well as independent Italian-American criminals, eventually merged with the Sicilians to create the modern pan-Italian Mafia in North America. Today, the American Mafia cooperates in various criminal activities with the Sicilian Mafia and other Italian organized crime groups, such as Camorra, 'Ndrangheta, and Sacra Corona Unita. The most important unit of the American Mafia is that of a "family" as the various criminal organizations that make up the Mafia are known. Despite the name of "family" to describe the various units, succession is not necessarily hereditary, though it can be.
The Mafia is currently most active in New York City, New Jersey, Philadelphia, New England, Detroit, and Chicago; with smaller families, associates, and crews in places such as Florida, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, and Texas. There have been at least 26 cities around the United States with Cosa Nostra families, with many more offshoots, splinter groups and associates in other cities. There are five main New York City Mafia families, known as the Five Families: the Gambino, Lucchese, Genovese, Bonanno and Colombo families. At its peak, the Mafia dominated organized crime in the U.S. While each crime family operates independently, nationwide coordination is provided by the Commission, which consists of the bosses of each of the strongest families.
Law enforcement still considers the Mafia the largest organized crime group in the United States. It has maintained control over much of the organized crime activity in the United States and certain parts of Canada (See Rizzuto crime family). Today most of the Mafia's activities are contained to the Northeastern United States and Chicago where they continue to dominate organized crime despite the increasing numbers of street gangs and other organizations that are not of Italian origin.
Usage of the term "Mafia".
The term Mafia was originally used in Italy by the media and law enforcement to describe criminal groups in Sicily. The origins of the term are debatable. Like the Sicilian Mafia, the American Mafia did not use the term "Mafia" to describe itself. Neither group has a formal name and instead used the term "Cosa Nostra" (Italian for "our thing") when referring to themselves. When Italian immigrants started forming organized crime groups in the United States, the American press borrowed the term Mafia from Italy and it became the predominant name used by law enforcement and the public.
"Mafia" properly refers to either the Sicilian or American Mafia. In modern usage, when referring to the Mafia, there may be several meanings, including a local area's Italian organized crime element, the Mafia family of a major city, the entire Mafia of the United States, or the original Sicilian Mafia. Widespread recognition of the word has led to its use in the names of other criminal organizations, such as the Jewish Mafia, Mexican Mafia, or Russian Mafia, as well as non-criminal organizations, such as John F. Kennedy's political team, referred to as the "Irish Mafia" (not to be confused with the Irish Mob).
History.
Origins: The Black Hand.
The first published account of what would evolve into the Mafia in the United States came in the spring of 1869. The "New Orleans Times "reported that the city's Second District had become overrun by "well-known and notorious Sicilian murderers, counterfeiters and burglars, who, in the last month, have formed a sort of general co-partnership or stock company for the plunder and disturbance of the city." Emigration from southern Italy to the Americas was primarily to Brazil and Argentina, and New Orleans had a heavy volume of port traffic to and from both locales.
Mafia groups in the United States first became influential in the New York City area, gradually progressing from small neighborhood operations in Italian ghettos to citywide and eventually national organizations. The Black Hand was a name given to an extortion method used in Italian neighborhoods at the turn of the 20th century. It has been sometimes mistaken for the Mafia itself, which it is not. Although the Black Hand was a criminal society, there were many small Black Hand gangs. Black Hand extortion was often (wrongly) viewed as the activity of a single organization because Black Hand criminals in Italian communities throughout the United States used the same methods of extortion. Giuseppe Esposito was the first known Mafia member to immigrate to the United States. He and six other Sicilians fled to New York after murdering eleven wealthy landowners, and the chancellor and a vice chancellor of a Sicilian province. He was arrested in New Orleans in 1881 and extradited to Italy.
New Orleans was also the site of the first Mafia incident in the United States that received both national and international attention. On October 15, 1890, New Orleans Police Superintendent David Hennessy was murdered execution-style. It is still unclear whether Italian immigrants actually killed him or whether it was a frame-up by nativists against the reviled underclass immigrants. Hundreds of Sicilians were arrested on mostly baseless charges, and nineteen were eventually indicted for the murder. An acquittal followed, with rumors of bribed and intimidated witnesses. The outraged citizens of New Orleans organized a lynch mob after the acquittal, and proceeded to kill eleven of the nineteen defendants. Two were hanged, nine were shot, and the remaining eight escaped. The lynching was the largest mass lynching in American history.
From the 1890s to the 1900s (decade) in New York City, the Sicilian Mafia developed into the Five Points Gang and were very powerful in the Little Italy of the Lower East Side. They were often in conflict with the Jewish Eastmans of the same area. There was also an influential Mafia family in East Harlem. The Neapolitan Camorra was very active in Brooklyn, also. In Chicago, the 19th Ward, which was an Italian neighborhood, became known as the "Bloody Nineteenth" due to the frequent violence in the ward, mostly as a result of Mafia activity, feuds, and vendettas.
Prohibition era.
On January 17, 1920, Prohibition began in the United States with the Eighteenth Amendment making it illegal to manufacture, transport or sell alcohol. Despite these bans, there was still a very high demand for it from the public. This created an atmosphere that tolerated crime as a means to provide liquor to the public, even among the police and city politicians. The profits that could be made from selling and distributing alcohol were worth the risk of punishment from the government, which had a difficult time enforcing prohibition. There were over 900,000 cases of liquor shipped to the borders of American cities. Criminal gangs and politicians saw the opportunity to make fortunes and began shipping larger quantities of alcohol to American cities. The majority of the alcohol was imported from Canada, the Caribbean, and the American Midwest where stills manufactured illegal alcohol.
In the early 1920s, fascist Benito Mussolini took control of Italy and waves of Italian immigrants fled to the United States. Sicilian Mafia members also fled to the United States as Mussolini cracked down on Mafia activities in Italy. Most Italian immigrants resided in tenement buildings. As a way to escape the poor life style some Italian immigrants chose to join the American Mafia.
The Mafia took advantage of prohibition and began selling illegal alcohol. The profits from bootlegging far exceeded the traditional crimes of protection, extortion, gambling and prostitution. Prohibition allowed Mafia families to make fortunes. As prohibition continued victorious factions would go on to dominate organized crime in their respective cities, setting up the family structure of each city. Since gangs hijacked each other's alcohol shipments, forcing rivals to pay them for "protection" to leave their operations alone, armed guards almost invariably accompanied the caravans that delivered the liquor.
In the 1920s, Italian Mafia families began waging wars for absolute control over lucrative bootlegging rackets. As the violence erupted, Italians fought Irish and Jewish ethnic gangs for control of bootlegging in their respected territories. In New York City, Frankie Yale waged war with the Irish American White Hand Gang. In Chicago Al Capone and his family massacred the North Side Gang, another Irish American outfit. In New York City, by the end of the 1920s two factions of organized crime had emerged to fight for control of the criminal underworld: one led by Joe Masseria and the other by Salvatore Maranzano. This caused the Castellammarese War, which led to Masseria's murder in 1931. Maranzano then divided New York City into five families. Maranzano, the first leader of the American Mafia, established the code of conduct for the organization, set up the "family" divisions and structure, and established procedures for resolving disputes. In an unprecedented move, Maranzano set himself up as Boss of All Bosses and required all families to pay tribute to him. This new role was received negatively, and Maranzano was murdered within six months on the orders of Charles "Lucky" Luciano. Luciano was a former Masseria underling who had switched sides to Maranzano and orchestrated the killing of Masseria.
After prohibition ended in 1933, organized crime groups were confronted with an impasse and needed other ways to maintain the high profits they had acquired throughout the 1920s. The smarter of the organized crime groups acted prudently and expanded into other ventures such as: unions, construction, sanitation, and drug trafficking. On the other hand, those Mafia families that neglected the need to change eventually lost power and influence and were ultimately absorbed by other groups.
The Commission.
As an alternative to the Boss of All Bosses, Luciano set up the Commission, where the bosses of the most powerful families would have equal say and vote on important matters and solve disputes between families. This group ruled over the National Crime Syndicate and brought in an era of peace and prosperity for the American Mafia. By mid-century, there were 26 official Commission-sanctioned Mafia crime families, each based in a different city (except for the Five Families which were all based in New York). Each family operated independently from the others and generally had exclusive territory it controlled. As opposed to the older generation of "Mustache Petes" such as Maranzano and Masseria, who usually worked only with fellow Italians, the "Young Turks" led by Luciano were more open to working with other groups, most notably the Jewish-American criminal syndicates to achieve greater profits. The Mafia thrived by following a strict set of rules that originated in Sicily that called for an organized hierarchical structure and a code of silence that forbade its members from cooperating with the police (Omertà). Failure to follow any of these rules is punishable by death.
The rise of power that the Mafia acquired during Prohibition would continue long after alcohol was made legal again. Criminal empires which had expanded on bootleg money would find other avenues to continue making large sums of money. When alcohol ceased to be prohibited in 1933, the Mafia diversified its money-making criminal actives to include (both old and new): illegal gambling operations, loan sharking, extortion, protection rackets, drug trafficking, fencing, and labor racketeering through control of labor unions. In the mid-20th century, the Mafia was reputed to have infiltrated many labor unions in the United States, most notably the Teamsters and International Longshoremen's Association. This allowed crime families to make inroads into very profitable legitimate businesses such as construction, demolition, waste management, trucking, and in the waterfront and garment industry. In addition they could raid the unions' health and pension funds, extort businesses with threats of a workers' strike and participate in bid rigging. In New York City, most construction projects could not be performed without the Five Families' approval. In the port and loading dock industries, the Mafia bribed union members to tip them off to valuable items being brought in. Mobsters would then steal these products and fence the stolen merchandise.
Meyer Lansky made inroads into the casino industry in Cuba during the 1930s while the Mafia was already involved in exporting Cuban sugar and rum. When his friend Fulgencio Batista became president of Cuba in 1952, several Mafia bosses were able to make legitimate investments in legalized casinos. One estimate of the number of casinos mobsters owned was no less than 19. However, when Batista was overthrown following the Cuban Revolution, his successor Fidel Castro banned American investment in the country, putting an end to the Mafia's presence in Cuba. Las Vegas was seen as an "open city" where any family can work. Once Nevada legalized gambling, mobsters were quick to take advantage and the casino industry became very popular in Las Vegas. Since the 1940s, Mafia families from New York, Cleveland, Kansas City, Milwaukee and Chicago had interests in Las Vegas casinos. They got loans from the Teamsters' pension fund, a union they effectively controlled, and used legitimate front men to build casinos. When money came into the counting room, hired men skimmed cash before it was recorded, then delivered it to their respective bosses. This money went unrecorded, but the amount is estimated to be in the hundreds of millions of dollars.
Operating in the shadows, the Mafia faced little opposition from law enforcement. Local law enforcement agencies did not have the resources or knowledge to effectively combat organized crime committed by a secret society they were unaware existed. Many people within police forces and courts were simply bribed, while witness intimidation was also common. In 1951, a U.S. Senate committee called the Kefauver Hearings determined that a "sinister criminal organization" known as the Mafia operated in the nation. Many suspected mobsters were subpoenaed for questioning, but few testified and none gave any meaningful information. In 1957, New York State Police uncovered a meeting and arrested major figures from around the country in Apalachin, New York. The event (dubbed the "Apalachin Meeting") forced the FBI to recognize organized crime as a serious problem in the United States and changed the way law enforcement investigated it. In 1963, Joe Valachi became the first Mafia member to turn state's evidence, and provided detailed information of its inner workings and secrets. More importantly, he revealed Mafia's existence to the law, which enabled the Federal Bureau of Investigations to begin an aggressive assault on the Mafia's National Crime Syndicate. Following Valachi's testimony, the Mafia could no longer operate completely in the shadows. The FBI put a lot more effort and resources into organized crime actives nation-wide and created the Organized Crime Strike Force in various cities. However, while all this created more pressure on the Mafia, it did little to curb their criminal activities. Success was made by the beginning of the 1980s, when the FBI was able to rid Las Vegas casinos of Mafia control and made a determined effort to loosen the Mafia's stronghold on labor unions.
RICO Act.
When the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO Act) became federal law, it became a highly effective tool in prosecuting mobsters. It provides for extended criminal penalties for acts performed as part of an ongoing criminal organization. Violation of the act is punishable by up to 20 years in prison per count. The RICO Act has proven to be a very powerful weapon, because it attacks the entire corrupt entity instead of individuals who can easily be replaced with other organized crime members. Between 1981 and 1992, 23 bosses from around the country were convicted under the law while between 1981 and 1988, 13 underbosses and 43 captains were convicted. While this significantly crippled many Mafia families around the country, the most powerful families continued to dominate crime in their territories, even if the new laws put more mobsters in jail and made it harder to operate. With Sammy Gravano agreeing to cooperate with the FBI and turn state's evidence in 1991, he helped the FBI convict top Mafia leaders in New York. Although not the first Mafia member to testify against his peers, such a powerful mobster agreeing to do so set a precedent for waves of mobsters thereafter to break the code of silence to do the same; giving up information and testifying in exchange for immunity from prosecution for their crimes. Aside from avoiding long prison stretches, the FBI could put mobsters in the United States Federal Witness Protection Program, changing their identities and supporting them financially for life. This led to dozens of mobsters testifying and providing information during the 1990s, which led to the imprisonment of hundreds of mobsters. As a result, the Mafia has seen a major decline in its power and influence in organized crime since the 1990s.
In the 21st century, the Mafia has continued to be involved in a broad spectrum of illegal activities. These include murder, extortion, corruption of public officials, gambling, infiltration of legitimate businesses, labor racketeering, loan sharking, tax fraud schemes and stock manipulation schemes. Another factor contributing to the Mafia's downfall is the assimilation of Italian Americans, which left a shallower recruitment pool of new mobsters. Although the Mafia used to be nationwide, today most of its activities are confined to the Northeast and Chicago. While other criminal organizations such as Russian Mafia, Chinese Triad, Mexican drug cartels and others have all grabbed a share of criminal activities, the Mafia continues to be the dominant criminal organization in these regions, partly due to its strict hierarchical structure. Law enforcement is concerned with the possible resurgence of the Mafia as it regroups from the turmoil of the 1990s and the FBI and local law enforcement agencies focus more on homeland security and away from organized crime since the September 11 attacks. In 2002 the FBI estimated that the Mafia earns $50–$90 billion a year. To avoid FBI attention and prosecution, the modern Mafia also outsources a lot of its work to other criminal groups, such as motorcycle gangs.
Structure.
The American Mafia operates on a strict hierarchical structure. While similar to its Sicilian origins, the American Mafia's modern organizational structure was created by Salvatore Maranzano in 1931. All inducted members of the Mafia are called "made" men. This signifies that they are untouchable in the criminal underworld and any harm brought to them will be met with retaliation. With the exception of associates, all mobsters are "made" official members of a crime family. The three highest positions make up the administration. Below the administration, there are factions each headed by a "caporegime" (captain), who lead a crew of soldiers and associates. They report to the administration and can be seen as equivalent to managers in a business. When a boss makes a decision, he rarely issues orders directly to workers who would carry it out, but instead passed instructions down through the chain of command. This way, the higher levels of the organization are insulated from law enforcement attention if the lower level members who actually commit the crime should be captured or investigated. This provides what the intelligence community calls plausible deniability.
There are occasionally other positions in the family leadership. Frequently, ruling panels have been set up when a boss goes to jail to divide the responsibility of the family (these usually consist of three or five members). This also helps divert police attention from any one member. The family messenger and street boss were positions created by former Genovese family leader Vincent Gigante.
Rituals.
The initiation ritual emerged from various sources, such as Roman Catholic confraternities and Masonic Lodges in mid-19th century Sicily and has hardly changed to this day. The Chief of Police of Palermo in 1875 reported that the man of honor to be initiated would be led into the presence of a group of bosses and underbosses. One of these men would prick the initiate's arm or hand and tell him to smear the blood onto a sacred image, usually a saint. The oath of loyalty would be taken as the image was burned and scattered, thus symbolising the annihilation of traitors. This was confirmed by the first pentito, Tommaso Buscetta.
A "hit", or assassination, of a "made" man had to be approved by the leadership of his family, or retaliatory hits would be made, possibly inciting a war. In a state of war, families would "go to the mattresses" — an Italian phrase which roughly meant to go into battle.
Mafia rules and customs.
In order to be invited into the American Mafia and become a member one must perform a series of tasks, such as committing murder for the family and not for one's own personal benefit. When the boss decides to let a member into the family one will be part of a ceremony, involving the drawing of blood, swearing an oath over a gun or holy picture, and obeying the rules of the organization. In New York City, the Mafia created customs and traditions which the members have to follow. If one breaks any of the rules they can be killed by another member of the family and usually the murder is committed by the people closest to that person.
Homosexuality is reportedly incompatible with the American Mafia code of conduct. In 1992, John D'Amato, acting boss of the DeCavalcante family, was killed when the family learned of his sexual relationships with other men.
List of Mafia families.
The following is a list of all the 24 Mafia families that have been active in America. Note that some families have members and associates working in other regions as well. The organization is not limited to these regions.
Cooperation with the U.S. government.
During World War II.
U.S. Naval Intelligence entered into an agreement with Lucky Luciano to gain his assistance in keeping the New York waterfront free from saboteurs after the destruction of the "SS Normandie".
Plots to assassinate Fidel Castro.
In August 1960, Colonel Sheffield Edwards, director of the Office of Security of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), proposed the assassination of Cuban head of state Fidel Castro by Mafia assassins. Between August 1960 and April 1961, the CIA, with the help of the Mafia, pursued a series of plots to poison or shoot Castro. Those allegedly involved included Sam Giancana, Carlos Marcello, Santo Trafficante, Jr., and John Roselli.
Recovery of murdered Mississippi civil rights workers.
In 2007, Linda Schiro testified in an unrelated court case that her late boyfriend, Gregory Scarpa Sr., a "capo" in the Colombo family, had been recruited by the FBI to help find the bodies of three civil rights workers who had been murdered in Mississippi in 1964 by the Ku Klux Klan. She said that she had been with Scarpa in Mississippi at the time and had witnessed him being given a gun, and later a cash payment, by FBI agents. She testified that Scarpa had threatened a Klansman by placing a gun in the Klansman's mouth, forcing the Klansman to reveal the location of the bodies. Similar stories of Mafia involvement in recovering the bodies had been circulating for years, and had been previously published in the New York "Daily News", but had never before been introduced in court.
Law enforcement and the Mafia.
In several Mafia families, killing a state authority is forbidden due to the possibility of extreme police retaliation. In some rare strict cases, conspiring to commit such a murder is punishable by death. The Jewish mobster Dutch Schultz was reportedly killed by his Italian peers out of fear that he would carry out a plan to kill New York City prosecutor Thomas Dewey. The Mafia did carry out hits on law enforcement in its earlier history. New York police officer Joe Petrosino was shot by Sicilian mobsters while on duty in Sicily. A statue of him was later erected across the street from a Lucchese hangout.
Kefauver Committee.
In 1951, a U.S. Senate special committee, chaired by Democratic Tennessee Senator Estes Kefauver, determined that a "sinister criminal organization" known as the Mafia operated around the United States. The United States Senate Special Committee to Investigate Crime in Interstate Commerce (known as the "Kefauver Hearings"), televised nationwide, captured the attention of the American people and forced the FBI to recognize the existence of organized crime. In 1953, the FBI initiated the "Top Hoodlum Program". The purpose of the program was to have agents collect information on the mobsters in their territories and report it regularly to Washington to maintain a centralized collection of intelligence on racketeers.
Apalachin Meeting.
In 1957, the New York State Police uncovered a meeting of major American Cosa Nostra figures from around the country in the small upstate New York town of Apalachin (near Binghamton, New York). This gathering has become known as the "Apalachin Meeting". Many of the attendees were arrested, and this event was the catalyst that changed the way law enforcement battled organized crime.
The establishment of the United States Organized Crime Strike Force facilitated efforts to prosecute members of the Mafia. The Strike Force was established in the 1960s through a joint congressional effort led by Robert Kennedy. It was under the Office of the Inspector General in the Department of Labor. It was later disbanded at the national level, but continues at the state and local level today. It was responsible for investigating and eventually helping to bring down high-level Mafiosi such as Joseph Aiuppa of the Chicago Outfit, Anthony Salerno of the Genovese crime family of New York and Paul Castellano of the Gambino Family. Also, the Strike Force eliminated much of the organized crime in the Teamsters across the country.
Valachi hearings.
In 1963, Joe Valachi became the first American Cosa Nostra member to provide a detailed look at the inside of the organization. Having been recruited by FBI special agents, and testifying before the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the U.S. Senate Committee on Government Operations, Valachi exposed the name, structure, power bases, codes, swearing-in ceremony, and members of this organization. All of this had been secret up to this point.
RICO Act.
The Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO Act), passed as part of the Organized Crime Control Act of 1970, made it a crime to belong to an organization that performed illegal acts. The witness protection program was also enhanced by the same legislation. Frequent use of the act began during the late 1970s and early 1980s. Charges of racketeering were successfully pressed against scores of mobsters, including three of New York's Godfathers, Anthony Corallo, Carmine Persico and Philip Rastelli during the Mafia Commission Trial in 1985. Others like Anthony 'Fat Tony' Salerno, was thought of as the Genovese Godfather but was only a front-boss while Gambino boss Paul Castellano was murdered before the trial began. The act continues to be used to great effect today and has hurt the Mob severely.
2011 indictments.
On January 20, 2011, the United States Justice Department issued 16 indictments against northeast American Mafia families resulting in 127 charged defendants and more than 110 arrests. The charges included murder, murder conspiracy, loansharking, arson, robbery, narcotics trafficking, extortion, illegal gambling and labor racketeering. It has been described as the largest operation against the Mafia in US history. Families that have been affected included the Five Families of New York as well as the DeCavalcante crime family of New Jersey and Patriarca crime family of New England.
In popular culture.
The Mafia has provided the setting, characters, and themes for many well-regarded films and television shows, as well as novels and games. Additionally, members of the music industry have adopted Mafia monikers.
Games.
The American Mafia has been popularized in video games such as the "Grand Theft Auto" series, "", "The Godfather II", and the "Mafia" series.
Films.
Many Mafia films have been produced in cinema history. Early gangster films depicting organized crime in the United States include "The Public Enemy" (1931), "Little Caesar" (1931), and "Scarface" (1932), the latter loosely based on the story of Al Capone.
Following such events as the Kefauver hearings and Joseph Valachi's testimony before the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, public awareness of the inner workings of mafia organizations grew, in turn inspiring more and more movies depicting (life in) organized crime and its infamous criminals, such as 1951's "The Enforcer", a fictional account of Murder, Inc.. Eliot Ness' memoir The Untouchables inspired a television-series of the same name a few years later. Its pilot episode was later marketed as a stand-alone movie called "The Scarface Mob" and dealt with Ness's crusade to put Al Capone (played by Neville Brand in prison. Rod Steiger was the first to play Capone in an American theatrical film in 1959's "Al Capone", which was followed in the 1960s by a few more films based on true mafia-related stories, such as "Murder, Inc." and "The St. Valentine's Day Massacre", in which Jack Nicholson played an uncredited role as a hitman.
Paramount Pictures released the film "The Brotherhood" starring Kirk Douglas as a mafia don. While it was a financial flop, Paramount's production chief Robert Evans commissioned Mario Puzo to finish a novel with similar themes and plot elements, and bought the screen rights. Directed by Francis Ford Coppola, "The Godfather" became a huge success, both critically and financially (it won the Best Picture Oscar and for a year was the highest grossing film ever made). It immediately inspired other mafia-related films, including a direct sequel, "The Godfather Part II" (1974), also (partly) based on Puzo's novel, and yet another big winner at the Academy Awards, as well as films based on real mafiosi like "Honor Thy Father" and "Lucky Luciano" (both in 1973) and "Lepke" and "Capone" (both in 1975). An ambitious 13-part miniseries by NBC called "The Gangster Chronicles" based on the rise of many major crime bosses of the 1920s and 1930s, aired in 1981.
The many Mafia-related convictions in the 1980s resulted in widespread demystification of organized crime, a sentiment which has been present in Mafia movies ever since. A "high profile movie-version of The Untouchables" focused primarily on the law enforcement's efforts to bring down Al Capone; Martin Scorsese's films, "Goodfellas" (1990) and "Casino" (1995) were based on true stories and further deglamorized Mafia life. Similar approaches were used in the made-for-TV film "Witness to the Mob" (1998) and "Donnie Brasco" (1997). Sidney Lumet's "Find Me Guilty" specifically dealt with a (real life) Mafia trial. There was also room for mafia comedies like "Prizzi's Honor" (1985), "Oscar" (1991), "Bullets over Broadway" (1994), "Mickey Blue Eyes" (1999), and "Analyze This" (1999) and its sequel "Analyze That" (2002).
Many more biographical features have been made throughout the 1990s and 2000s, including "Mobsters" (1990), "Bugsy" (1991), "Gotti" (1996), "Hoodlum" (1997), "Lansky" (TV-film, 1999), "Boss of Bosses" (TV-film, 2001).
American Mafiosi also appear in supporting roles in other films, such as "Once Upon a Time in America" (1984), "A Bronx Tale" (1993), "True Romance" (1993), "Carlito's Way" (1993), "Road to Perdition" (2002), "The Departed" (2006), "Smokin' Aces" (2006), and "American Gangster" (2007).
Music.
Numerous music industry members have adopted Mafia-related monikers, such as Irv Gotti, record producer and part of the rap duo Boo & Gotti; Kebo Gotti, a Southern rapper from Atlanta; Juan Gotti, a Mexican American rapper; Yo Gotti, a Southern rapper from Memphis; and Young Gotti, a west-coast rapper in the USA also known as Kurupt. Others include the Memphis Mafia, a group of associates of Elvis Presley from 1954 until he died, the Tejano band La Mafia, the Romanian rap group B.U.G. Mafia (or simply Mafia), which released the album "Mafia" in 1995. Black Label Society also released an album with that title in 2005.
Novels.
The Mafia is also the topic of many popular novels, most notably in the works of author Mario Puzo, which include "The Godfather", "The Sicilian" (1984), "The Last Don" (1997), and "Omertà" (2000), as well as James Ellroy's "L.A. Quartet" (first editions published 1987–1992) and "Underworld USA Trilogy" (first editions published 1995–2009).
Television series.
While many TV shows like "The Untouchables" (1959–1963), "Crime Story" (1986–1988), and "Wiseguy" (1987–1990) have told fictional accounts of the Mafia, by far the most popular TV series has been HBO's "The Sopranos" (1999–2007). The show, set in Northern New Jersey, portrays fictional New Jersey Mafia boss Tony Soprano, the DiMeo crime family he heads, and its close affiliation with the Brooklyn-based Lupertazzi crime family of the New York Mafia. HBO followed up this hit series with the 1920s-setting period drama "Boardwalk Empire" (2010-), based in Atlantic City. Based on the life of Enoch L. Johnson, it portrays several early-era Mafia members in supporting roles. Also a new TV series called Mob City (2013–present).
Many television shows have mafia-related characters. "Monty Python's Flying Circus" character Luigi Vercotti, the "Sons of Anarchy" Cacuzza Crime Family, and "The Simpsons" character Fat Tony are notable examples.

</doc>
<doc id="18293318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293318" title="William Douglas (Canadian politician)">
William Douglas (Canadian politician)

William Douglas was a farmer, lumber merchant and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. He represented Charlotte County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1886 to 1892 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Saint Andrews, New Brunswick and educated in Saint Stephen. In 1865, he married Sarah Eldridge. Douglas ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1882. He served ten years as county councillor.

</doc>
<doc id="18293331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293331" title="Devi Singh Bhati">
Devi Singh Bhati

– Devi Singh Bhati is a member of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from Kolayat in Rajasthan state in India. He was a cabinet minister in the government led by Vasundhara Raje.
He was born in Barsalpur village in Bikaner and graduated BA before entering politics. He is well known for policies of intimidation, strong arming opponents and promoting criminal elements on casteist basis as supporters. He is considered to be primarily responsible for criminalizing local politics. 
Political life.
Sh Devi Singh Bhati
[ Bharatiya Janata Party ]
Kolayat, District – Bikaner
Father’s Name : Bhur Singh Bhati
Date of Birth : 31/5/1946
Place of Birth : Barsalpur
Marriage Date : 13/07/1967
Spouse’s Name : Late. Smt. Kamlesh kanwar
Children : 2 Son(s)
Academic Qualifications : B.A. (Final Year)
Occupation : Agriculture
Membership of the House(s) : 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13
Membership of Committee : Member, Committee on Public Accounts (2009-2010)
Member, Business Advisory Committee (2009-2014)
Member, Committee on Public Accounts (2010-2011)
Member, Committee on Public Accounts (2011-2012)
Permanent Address : New Barsalpur House, Out of Jsusar Gate, Bikaner.
Tel. No. : 0151-2521050
Present Address : A-8, Gandhi Nagar, Jaipur.,
Tel. No. : 0141-2704535
Mobile No. : 94141-39612 
His late son Mahendra Singh Bhati was elected to 11th Lok Sabha in 1996 from Bikaner. His son Late Sh.Mahendra Singh Bhati is a former MP of Bikaner.

</doc>
<doc id="18293359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293359" title="Tommy Ahlers">
Tommy Ahlers

Tommy Ahlers (born 18 November 1975) is a Danish serial entrepreneur best known for the social networking and mobile backup site ZYB, launched in 2005 with two other entrepreneurs from Copenhagen, Morten Lund and Ole Kristensen, and sold to Vodafone Europe BV for nearly $50m in May 2008. 
Before founding ZYB, where he has held the position of CEO since the company's inception, Ahlers spent six years in strategy and management, partly in the mobile industry. 
He was previously with McKinsey & Company for more than four years, where he served as an engagement manager working with mobile operators to shape their strategies. In addition to ZYB, he also founded another start-up which provided a global SMS-service to mobile users. Ahlers holds a masters degree in law from the University of Copenhagen, graduating in 2000.
ZYB is headquartered in Greve, south of Copenhagen, Denmark and has offices in Cambridge and London, UK. The company has kept its Copenhagen base in the wake of Vodafone's acquisition and Ahlers continues as CEO, with Vodafone incorporating the firm into its Internet Services Division. 
Ahlers is a regular on the technology startup conference circuit, speaking at the likes of Mobile 2.0 Europe, DLD, the European Directory Marketplace Conference and TheNextWeb, where he was an award winner in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18293360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293360" title="Kostyantyn Zhevago">
Kostyantyn Zhevago

Kostyantyn Valentynovych Zhevago (, , born January 7, 1974) is a Ukrainian entrepreneur, the youngest self-made billionaire in Europe. He was the first Eastern European to present one of his companies - Ferrexpo to the London Stock Exchange. Zhevago controls the "Finances and Credit" group – one of largest conglomerates of Ukraine; holds a post of FC Vorskla honorary president. He has been a member of the Verkhovna Rada (parliament of Ukraine) since 1998.
Biography.
Early years.
Kostyantin Zhevago was born on January 7, 1974 in Iul'tin village (Magadan Oblast, Russia) in the family of a mining engineer.
Education.
In 1991 Kostyantin Zhevago entered the Kiev National Economic University, taking «Accounting and analysis of external economic activity» specialization. In 1996 he graduated with a master's degree in economy.
In 2003 Kostyantin Zhevago defended candidate's dissertation «International investments and effective economic development» in the Kiev National Economic University.
Business.
While studying Kostyantin Zhevago began a career in the position of "Finances and Credit" chief financial officer (, ), holding this post from 1993 to 1996.
From 1996 to 1998 he holds posts of "Finances and Credit" president, public corporation "Poltava ore-dressing and processing enterprise" (, ) council deputy and is member of public corporation "Ukrnafta" (, ) supervisory board.
Kostyantin Zhevago, 35 year old investor, was the first of the Ukrainian multimillionaires to present one of his companies - Ferrexpo to the London Stock Exchange. In autumn 2007 Ferrexpo was added to the FTSE 250 Index.
Political activity.
In Ukraine Kostyantin Zhevago conducts active political activity. In the period of March 1998 - April 2002 he holds the post of a State Deputy of Ukraine of 3rd convocation from 149th electoral district (Poltava Oblast). June 1998 - Zhevago Kostyantin is a member of parliament committee of questions of economic policy, state economy management, property and investments.
April 2002 to April 2006 - post of a State Deputy of Ukraine of 4th convocation from 150 electoral district (Poltava Oblast). June, 2002 - member of parliament committee of questions of legal policy, member of Verkhovna Rada permanent delegation in PACE.
May 2006 to April 2007 - State Deputy of Ukraine of 5th convocation from Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc.
Since December 23, 2007 Kostyantin Zhevago holds a post of State Deputy of Ukraine of 6th convocation in the list of Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc. Leader of deputy group of inter-parliamentary connections with Japan. He missed all 51 parliament sessions in 2010.
Zhevago returned to parliament after the 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary election after winning with more than 60% as an independent candidate in single-member districts number 150 (first-past-the-post wins a parliament seat) located in the town Komsomolsk; the successors of his former political association Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc, Batkivshchyna, did not have its own candidate in this district. Zhevago did not join a faction in the Verkhovna Rada (Parliament).
Controlled assets.
"Finances and Credit" group is to one of the largest Ukrainian conglomerates. It includes enterprises in the fields of metallurgy, ferrous deposits and ferromagnetic ore, engineering, transport, pharmaceutics, shipbuilding, energetics.
"Finances and Credit" bank was founded in 1990 and by the size of assets is considered one of the largest banks of Ukraine according to classification of National Bank of Ukraine. By April 1, 2009 authorized capital stock of the bank made 2 billion UAH, net wealth made 18,316 billion UAH, bank liabilities - 15,840 billion UAH. The loan portfolio made 15,880 billion UAH, loan portfolio of natural person - bank clients - 5, 983 billion UAH.
By April 1, 2009 "Finances and Credit" bank system included 16 branches and 326 departments in all areas of Ukraine.
The basic shareholders of "Finances and Credit" bank on 01.04.2009 are the close corporation "F&C Realty" (46,67%), LTD "Askaniya" (48,88%) and National joint-stock company "Naftohaz Ukrainy" (0,63%).
According to the Ukrainian Bank Association data, by April 1, 2009 "Finances and Credit" bank occupied the 13th place among 162 operating in the country.
"Finances and Credit" group companies.
«Finances and Credit» bank, «Omega» insurance company
Joint-stock company «F&C Realty», Hotel «Salute» Kiev, Terminal in the seaport "Southern" (Odessa), Institute «Kievsoyuzdorproekt»
Joint-stock company “Biloterkovna teploelektrotsentral”, Ukrenerhosbyt, Odessaoblenerho, Ukrainian-German «Mega-motors», Luhanskoblenerho
Joint-stock company «Rosava», joint-stock company “Kremenchug factory of technical carbon”, Stakhanov factory of technical carbon, LTD. “Ukrtekhuglerod”, Zatisnyansk chemical factory
AvtoKrAZ, Uzhgorod «Turbogaz», Kharkov instrumental factory, Stakhanov carriage works, Berdychiv machine-shop «Progress», Poltava machine unit factory
Zaliv Shipbuilding yard, “Kiev shipbuilding and reconstruction factory”
Poltava GOK (iron-stone, pellet), Skopski Legury (ferro-alloys), Ferreekspo (Switzerland), Electrometallurgical plant «Vorskla Steel» (in the process of building), Electrometallurgical factory «Vorskla steel Denmark»
Joint-stock companies “Kievmedpreparat”, “Gemoplast”, “Galichfarm”.
Joint-stock company Kremenchukm'yaso
Wealth.
According to Forbes, he is Ukraine's youngest billionaire. In March 2012 Forbes placed him on the Forbes list of billionaires at the 719th place with $1.8 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="18293363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293363" title="Michael Steinberg (filmmaker)">
Michael Steinberg (filmmaker)

Michael Steinberg (born 15 May 1959) is a director, writer and producer. He is a graduate of the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television. He has directed three films that all premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and has written and/or produced four other award winning features since his debut in 1992. In addition, Steinberg has written, directed, and/or produced several television projects since 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18293364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293364" title="Leopoldo Mastelloni">
Leopoldo Mastelloni

Leopoldo Mastelloni (born 12 July 1945) is an Italian actor, film director and singer who was born in Naples. Films he has appeared in are listed below.
Biography.
Mastelloni made his debut as a young actor in Naples, performing in theatre and cabaret. He went on to television work with variety Antonello Falqui. He also appears in the role of butler John, in the film "Inferno" by Dario Argento.

</doc>
<doc id="18293371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293371" title="List of Carolina Hurricanes draft picks">
List of Carolina Hurricanes draft picks

The Carolina Hurricanes are a professional ice hockey franchise based in Raleigh, North Carolina. They play in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL). The franchise was founded in 1971 as the New England Whalers, and relocated to North Carolina in 1997. Since arriving in North Carolina, the Hurricanes have drafted 90 players. The 2008 draft was the 12th in which Hurricanes participated.
The NHL Entry Draft is held each June, allowing teams to select players who have turned 18 years old by September 15 in the year the draft is held. The draft order is determined by the previous season's order of finish, with non-playoff teams drafting first, followed by the teams that made the playoffs, with the specific order determined by the number of points earned by each team. The NHL holds a weighted lottery for the 14 non-playoff teams, allowing the winner to move up a maximum of four positions in the entry draft. The team with the fewest points has the best chance of winning the lottery, with each successive team given a lower chance of moving up in the draft. The Hurricanes have never won the lottery. Between 1986 and 1994, the NHL also held a Supplemental Draft for players in American colleges.
Carolina's first draft pick was Nikos Tselios, taken 22nd overall in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft. The highest that Carolina has drafted is second overall. They selected Eric Staal in 2003. Among players selected after the move from Hartford, zero picks went on to play over 1,000 NHL games, and no players have been elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame.
Draft picks.
"Statistics are complete as of the 2009–10 NHL season and show each player's career regular season totals in the NHL. Wins, losses, ties, overtime losses and goals against average apply to goaltenders and are used only for players at that position. This list includes players drafted by the team in Carolina only."

</doc>
<doc id="18293387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293387" title="James Boyd (Australian politician)">
James Boyd (Australian politician)

James Arthur Boyd (7 July 1867 – 12 April 1941) was an Australian politician. Born in Ayrshire in Scotland, he was educated at St John's Academy in Glasgow before becoming an apprentice painter. He migrated to Melbourne, Australia, in 1885, where he had many occupations, including councillor on Port Melbourne Council. In 1901 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly for the seat of Melbourne as a Conservative. He was an Honorary Minister 1907-08. In 1908 he left the Assembly, and in 1913 he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for the new seat of Henty. In 1917 the Liberal Party merged with the National Labor Party to become the Nationalist Party, of which Boyd was a member. He held the seat until 1919, when he was defeated by independent Nationalist Frederick Francis, despite having almost double Francis's primary vote. He became a businessman after leaving politics, and was President of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce 1920-1922 and of the Associated Chambers of Australia 1922-1923. Boyd died in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18293390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293390" title="Renán Calle">
Renán Calle

Renán Calle Camacho (born August 9, 1976 in Shushufindi, Sucumbíos) is a Ecuadorian football defender.
Calle started his professional playing career in 1999 with Aucas. He had a short spell with El Nacional before returning to Aucas in 2002.
In 2006 Calle returned to El Nacional where he was part of the championship winning team in 2006.
In 2007 he joined LDU Quito where he was part of the team that won the 2007 Ecuadorian Championship. In 2008 he was one of the key members of the LDU squad that won the Copa Libertadores.
Honors.
El Nacional
LDU Quito

</doc>
<doc id="18293411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293411" title="15 cm Kanone 16">
15 cm Kanone 16

The 15 cm Kanone 16 (15 cm K 16) was a heavy field gun used by Germany in World War I and World War II. Guns turned over to Belgium as reparations after World War I were taken into Wehrmacht service after the conquest of the Belgium as the 15 cm K 429(b). It generally served on coast-defense duties during World War II.
Design.
The K 16 was a thoroughly conventional design for its day with a box trail, steel wheels for motor transport and a curved gunshield. The axle was suspended on a traverse leaf spring. For transport the barrel was generally detached from the recoil system and moved on its own trailer. In 1941 a small number of K 16 barrels were placed on 21 cm Mrs 18 carriages to become the 15 cm K 16 in Mrs Laf.
Ammunition.
It fired 2 types of high-explosive shells, which differed only in which fuzes they could accept. It used a three part charge in its cartridge case. Charge 1 yielded a muzzle velocity of . Charge 2 replaced Charge 1 in the cartridge case and propelled the shell with a velocity of . Charge 3 was added to Charge 2 and raised the muzzle velocity to .

</doc>
<doc id="18293412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293412" title="Nettop (disambiguation)">
Nettop (disambiguation)

Nettop may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18293413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293413" title="Austal">
Austal

Austal is an Australian company that specializes in the design and construction of aluminium vessels. Its main products include passenger and freight ferries, luxury yachts and military vessels. 
Austal has three production facilities, one of them on the Australian mainland in Henderson, Western Australia, one in Balamban, Cebu in the Philippines and one in Mobile, Alabama in United States.
In November 2011, Austal acquired its shipyard in the West Cebu Industrial Park in the Philippines as part of a strategy to regionalize its manufacturing base for commercial vessels. Austal is currently making significant investments to further enhance the shipyard’s capabilities, and construction of the first vessel is scheduled to commence in the first quarter of 2012.
Products.
Littoral Combat Ship (LCS).
In October 2005, Austal/General Dynamics was awarded a contract to build the first unit from its design for a Littoral Combat Ship. The keel of the future USS "Independence" was laid on 19 January 2006 at Austal USA's yard in Mobile, Alabama, and the naming ceremony was held on 4 October 2008. It is now operating with the fleet at its current location in Norfolk, Virginia.
The LCS 2 was the first ship built by Austal USA for the U.S. Navy and the Navy’s first Trimaran Littoral Combat Ship. It is the first naval warship constructed in Mobile, Alabama since World War II. The basis of Austal's seaframe design is the 127 metre trimaran hull Benchijigua Express.
The originally planned second Austal/GD ship (LCS-4) was canceled on 1 November 2007. 
On 1 May 2009, the Navy renewed the contract with Austal/GD to build the second LCS, the USS "Coronado", with delivery scheduled for May 2012.
On 29 December 2010 the U.S Navy, as per its 3 November 2010 decision to award contracts for Littoral Combat Ships to both Austal USA and Lockheed Martin, announced a new contract with Austal USA (who had separated from General Dynamics Bath Iron Works). The contract called for one ship to be built beginning in 2010 (the USS "Jackson"), one to be built in 2011 (the USS Montgomery (LCS-8)), and two per year beginning in 2012 and running thru 2015. The contract for the LCS 6 was for $432 million with a goal of having the average ship cost be $352 million per. Another $20 million was figured in for change orders, and a "management reserve" is included.
Joint High Speed Vessel (JHSV).
In November 2008, Austal was awarded a contract to design and build the US military's next-generation high-speed catamaran, multi-use platform, the Joint High Speed Vessel (JHSV), as part of a program potentially worth over US$1.6 billion.
As Prime contractor, Austal was to design and construct the first 103-metre JHSV, with options for 9 additional vessels expected to be exercised between FY09 and FY13. Construction on the second ship started in September 2010. Austal now has contracts for three ships, long-lead material contracts for two ships and options for five further ships, for a total of ten.
The new JHSV is similar to the Austal-built "WestPac Express", which the US Marines have used since 2002.
The JHSV will be able to carry 700 short tons (including M1 Abrams main battle tanks) 1,200 nautical miles at an average speed of and be able to unload at roll-on/roll-off discharge facilities. It will be 103 meters long, 28.5 meters beam with a crew of 22 to 40.
The first four will be named "USNS Spearhead (JHSV-1)", "USNS Choctaw County (JHSV-2)", "USNS Millinocket (JHSV-3)" and "USNS Fall River (JHSV-4)".
While the JHSV can carry 300 Marines and their gear for up to four days, it is not expected to be survivable against enemy attack.
Navy planners envision building up to two dozen of the JHSV ships over the next decade.
Armidale Class Patrol Boats.
Between June 2005 and February 2008, Austal delivered fourteen 56.8-metres (186 ft) "Armidale" class patrol boats to the Royal Australian Navy for coastal defense. These vessels were featured on the TV series "Sea Patrol".
Yemen Navy patrol boats.
In 2005 Austal delivered ten high-speed patrol boats to the Yemen Navy, which are now hired out (with active duty Navy and Coast Guard crews) to protect private shippers.
Cape Class Patrol Boats.
Austal was awarded the contract for the design, construction and through-life support of the "Cape" class patrol boats for the Australian Customs and Border Protection Service in August 2011. The eight 58 metre aluminium monohulls are due to be delivered between March 2013 and August 2015.
The support contract extends for a minimum period of eight years and encompasses a full range of intermediate and depot level maintenance activities. Further options can be exercised by the Australian Customs and Border Protection Service for In-Service Support for the life of the Cape Class Patrol Boat Fleet.
Commercial and leisure vessels.
Austal has designed and built a range of commercial and leisure vessels, including passenger and vehicle-passenger ferries, offshore crewboats, private and commercial liveaboard vessels and cruise vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="18293416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293416" title="Thomas Dow Jones">
Thomas Dow Jones

Thomas Dow Jones (December 11, 1811 – February 27, 1881) was an American sculptor and medallist.
Biography.
Thomas Dow Jones was born in the United States of America on December 11, 1811, in Oneida County, New York.
He moved to Ohio in the 1830s, where he worked in Cincinnati as a stonemason, and by 1842 was sculpting portrait busts. In 1851 he moved to New York City, and in 1853 was elected an Associate Member of the National Academy of Design.
Jones's best-known works include a bust of Abraham Lincoln commissioned by the leading Republicans of Cincinnati (1861), medallions of Henry Clay and Daniel Webster, and a marble bust of Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase now in the Supreme Court Building. He also produced bas‑relief medallion portraits which were usually cast in plaster. Jones is buried in Welsh Hills Cemetery, Granville, Ohio.
Jones died on 27 February 1881.

</doc>
<doc id="18293420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293420" title="List of Nashville Predators draft picks">
List of Nashville Predators draft picks

This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Nashville Predators franchise. It includes every player who was drafted, regardless of whether they played for the team. David Legwand became the Predators' first amateur draft pick during the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. Selected second-overall, he appeared in one game for the Predators during the 1998–99 season, and joined the team full-time the next season. As the longest serving Predator, Legwand holds team records for games played, goals, assists, and points. The Predators selected Brian Finley sixth overall in 1999. Finley appeared in two games for the Predators during his career, allowing 10 goals in 107 minutes. Alexander Radulov was the first European selected by the Predators in the first-round when he was taken 15th overall in 2004.
Draft picks.
"Statistics are complete as of the 2011–12 NHL season and show each player's career regular season totals in the NHL. Wins, losses, ties, overtime losses and goals against average apply to goaltenders and are used only for players at that position. A player listed with a dash under the games played column has not played in the NHL."

</doc>
<doc id="18293423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293423" title="Mustafa Tajouri">
Mustafa Tajouri

Mustafa Muftak Tahir Tajouri () is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya to the Russian Federation. 
Tajouri graduated from the Military College of the Great Jamahiriya in 1982, from which he pursued a career in the Libyan military. After reaching the rank of Colonel, he took on teaching roles at a variety of Libyan military educational institutions.
In January 2007, Tajouri was posted as the new Ambassador of Libya to the Russian Federation, and he presented his credentials to Vladimir Putin on 13 April 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18293440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293440" title="Honeymoon in Bali">
Honeymoon in Bali

Honeymoon in Bali is a 1939 American romantic comedy film. It is also known by the alternative title Husbands or Lovers and My Love For Yours. Virginia Van Upp's screenplay was based on the short stories "Our Miss Keane" by Grace Sartwell Mason in "The Saturday Evening Post" of 24 May 1923 and "Free Woman" by Katharine Brush in "Redbook" magazine from Nov-Dec 1936. In 1936 Paramount announced a film of "Our Miss Keane" to star Merle Oberon to be produced.
Plot.
On a rainy New York City autumn afternoon, the head of a major Department Store, Gail Allen, meets her second cousin and best friend Lorna for afternoon tea. Her cousin, an author of love stories set in the South Seas, invites a resident fortune teller to predict Gail's future. At first the reading sounds like a hundred others, until she foresees her having a child and meeting a man whose arm was cut by a native's rice knife. 
The fortune teller predicts as Neptune is in her sign at the moment she could find herself walking down a street and taking an unexpected turn where things would change. Thinking that her career will come first, Gail does not like her predicted future but finds herself taking an unexpected turn that takes her into a shop that sells sailboats. There she meets Bill Burnett who lives in Bali and is holidaying in New York. Beginning with Bill's injury from a native's rice knife, all of the predictions eventually come to pass.
Cast.
Fred MacMurray ... Bill 'Willie' Burnett <br>
Madeleine Carroll ... Gail Allen <br>
Allan Jones ... Eric Sinclair <br>
Akim Tamiroff ... Tony, the Window Washer <br>
Helen Broderick ... Lorna 'Smitty' Smith <br>
Osa Massen ... Noel Van Ness <br>
Carolyn Lee ... Rosie <br>
Astrid Allwyn ... Fortune Teller <br>
Georgia Caine ... Miss Stone, Gail's Secretary <br>
Benny Bartlett ... Jack the Singing Telegram Boy <br>
Monty Woolley ... Lorna's Publisher <br>
Charles Lane ... Photographer <br>
Janet Waldo & Luana Walters ... Fortune Teller's companions
Reception.
A review from "The Washington Post", on October 5, 1939, says "'Honeymoon in Bali' Is Delightfully Easy To Take!" The "Los Angeles Times" review from October 13, 1939, says "'Honeymoon in Bali' Light, Romantic Comedy." Hollywood In Bali got 6.8 out of 10 on IMDB.com.
Quotes.
"There's not a wall between freedom and loneliness, you can fall into it without warning" - Lorna

</doc>
<doc id="18293447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293447" title="Maryon Lane">
Maryon Lane

Maryon Lane (15 February 1931 – 13 June 2008) was a principal Ballerina with the Royal Ballet
Biography.
Maryon Lane was born Patricia Mills on 15 February 1931 in Zululand, South Africa. She studied in Johannesburg and in 1946 went to the Sadler's Wells School in London after winning a scholarship from the Royal Academy of Dancing. In the year afterward, she became a member of Sadler's Wells Theatre Ballet, founded by Ninette de Valois. It was at this point in her life that she changed her name to Maryon Lane as the theatre had another South African dancer called Patricia Miller.
Aged seventeen, Lane had risen rapidly to become the principal soloist at the theatre, starring in ballets by Frederick Ashton and Ninette De Valois. By 1953, she was given the ballerine role in Coppélia and helped to create new ballets, particularly those of Kenneth MacMillan. In 1953, she was cast by MacMillan in his very first creation, Somnambulism, and in the following year, she was given the lead role of the ugly little clown in Laiderette, set to the music of the Swiss composer Frank Martin. In 1955 she was again the principle in Danses concertantes set to a score by Stravinsky's score. The ballet was immediately successful and De Valois transferred it to Covent Garden.
By the time she was starring in Covent Garden, she had married her former Royal Ballet colleague David Blair, who had recently been promoted as Margot Fonteyn's partner. In 1960 their twin daughters were born. In 1968 she left the companybut made guest appearances, also with Festival Ballet and Ballet Rambert. She later worked as a teacher with the Royal Ballet and Ballet Rambert and then with other companies, schools and seminars.
Middle aged, she moved to Cyprus and founded her own small school in Kyrenia, inviting former colleagues to visit as guest teachers.
Other starring roles.
Maryon Lane also starred in:

</doc>
<doc id="18293461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293461" title="List of presidents of Brigham Young University–Idaho">
List of presidents of Brigham Young University–Idaho

The following people have served as principals or presidents of Brigham Young University-Idaho, originally known as the Bannock Stake Academy and later as Ricks College. This list does not include presidents of Brigham Young University or Brigham Young University Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="18293466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293466" title="Frederick Francis (Australian politician)">
Frederick Francis (Australian politician)

Frederick Henry Francis (1881 – 15 August 1949) was an Australian politician. Born in Melbourne, he was a builder and Malvern City Councillor before entering federal politics. In 1919, he contested the Australian House of Representatives seat of Henty as an independent Nationalist and defeated the sitting Nationalist MP, James Boyd, on Labor preferences. By the 1922 election, Francis was a member of the Nationalist Party, and defeated three other Nationalist candidates, including Boyd and future member for Henty Henry Gullett. Francis retired in 1925, although he contested unsuccessfully the Balaclava by-election in 1929 as an independent Nationalist, and died in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="18293496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293496" title="Chez Hotels">
Chez Hotels

Chez Hotels Inc. is a recently started hotel chain, with 146 (135 Current + 7 Under construction + 4 Planned)hotels in all 50 States of the USA.
Unlike other chains, which are often a mix of company-owned and franchised units, each Chez hotel is an independently owned and operated franchise in fact each hotel is named after the last name of the person(s) who own it such as Chez Martin, Chez Young, Chez Reagan. Chez Hotels Inc. do not offer franchises in the traditional sense (where both franchisee and franchisor are operating for-profit), however. Rather, Chez Hotels Inc. operates as a "nonprofit" membership association, with each franchisee acting and voting as a member of the association.
Chez Hotels began in the early 1990s, founded by French people who immigrated from St. Pierre (off the Coast of Newfoundland). They became popular in California, New York State, and Maine. Some hotels were started in Canada and France as well.
Chez Hotels pulled out of Canada and France early in 2005, after deciding that they were not generating enough money. Seven properties remain in Canada operating under Delta Hotels and Five properties in France but are operating under Best Western. Canada had at its peak 120 properties in the chain and France had 44.

</doc>
<doc id="18293502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293502" title="Sheila Mae Pérez">
Sheila Mae Pérez

Sheila Mae Perez, born in 1986, is a Filipina Olympic diver. Reuters describes her as "one of the best divers in Southeast Asia".
Perez was brought up in a poor family in Davao City. She reportedly "helped her poverty-stricken parents make ends meet by diving from cargo ships to retrieve scrap metal".
She represented her country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, finishing 32nd out of 56. She qualified to take part in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, but was reportedly "unable to compete". She represented the Philippines at the 2008 Summer Olympics at Beijing for the second time.
Perez won two medals at the 2003 Southeast Asian Games, and three gold medals at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games, in the 3-metre springboard, synchronised 3-metre springboard and 1-metre springboard events, becoming the first ever triple-gold medallist from the Philippines at the Games. She won a gold and a silver in the 2007 Southeast Asian Games, not having competed in the synchronised event due to her partner Ceseil Domenios, sister of another Filipino diver Zardo Domenios, having retired.
In 2006, her life story was dramatised in an episode of "Maalaala Mo Kaya", directed by Cathy Garcia-Molina.
During the previous years, she had been planning to retire after the 2011 Southeast Asian Games. After the 2008 Summer Olympics, she reneged her plan and changed it to after the 2012 Summer Olympics. In addition, she said she wants to be part of the RP national diving coaching staff after her retirement. Still, she said her sister whose name is Blissa will replace her as one of the next female Filipino divers to represent the Philippines at international diving competitions. Blissa is currently under the developmental pool.

</doc>
<doc id="18293508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293508" title="Cedrick Bowers">
Cedrick Bowers

Cedrick Jerome Bowers (born February 10, 1978) is a former left-handed Major League Baseball pitcher.
Originally drafted by the Tampa Bay Devil Rays in , Bowers pitched in the Rays' farm system until the end of the season without reaching the major leagues. In , he went to Japan, where he pitched for three seasons in Nippon Professional Baseball.
After spending pitching in Korea, Bowers signed a minor league contract with the Rockies before the season. He was called up for the first time in his career on July 1, , and made his major league debut with the Rockies on July 2. He became a free agent at the end of the season and re-signed with the Rockies on January 14, . Bowers was later released by the Rockies and signed a minor league contract with the Philles. On December 14, 2009 he was signed by the Oakland Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="18293521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293521" title="McReynolds">
McReynolds

McReynolds is a surname that refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18293536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293536" title="Nathan Bruckenthal">
Nathan Bruckenthal

Nathan B. "Nate" Bruckenthal (July 17, 1979 – April 24, 2004) was a Damage Controlman Third Class in the United States Coast Guard. He was the first Coast Guardsman to die in wartime action since the Vietnam War. Bruckenthal and two U.S. Navy sailors were killed while intercepting a waterborne suicide attack on an offshore oil terminal off the coast of Iraq in the northern Persian Gulf in 2004.
Bruckenthal was posthumously awarded the Bronze Star with Valor and the Purple Heart for his actions.
Biography.
Bruckenthal was born in Stony Brook, New York. He is the son of Ric Bruckenthal of Northport, New York, and Laurie Bullock of Ashburn, Virginia.
While growing up he had also lived in Hawaii, Virginia, and Connecticut. Bruckenthal and his family lived in Ridgefield, Connecticut from 1992 to 1995, where he was a volunteer firefighter from 1997 to 1998.
In 2001 he met his future wife, Pattie, while serving at Coast Guard Station Neah Bay. Pattie was a university student studying the Makah Indian tribe when Bruckenthal gave the students a tour of the station.
Bruckenthal intended to continue his public service by becoming a police officer or firefighter after completing his Coast Guard service and finishing college. He is survived by his wife, Pattie, and his daughter, Harper Natalie Bruckenthal, born after his death.
Petty Officer Bruckenthal is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Coast Guard service.
Bruckenthal joined the Coast Guard on January 5, 1999. He served on , based out of Montauk, New York, prior to attending Damage Controlman "A" School. After school he was assigned to Station Neah Bay in the northwest corner of Washington on the Makah Indian Reservation.
His next assignment was to Tactical Law Enforcement (TACLET) Team South, at Coast Guard Air Station Miami. Bruckenthal's first tour to the Persian Gulf region was from April to June, 2003. He departed home for his second deployment in February 2004 and was due to return that June. During both tours his detachment, LEDET 403, was assigned to the .
Attack in the Persian Gulf.
In 2004, Bruckenthal and two U.S. Navy sailors were killed while intercepting a waterborne suicide attack on the Khawr Al Amaya Oil Terminal off the coast of Iraq in the northern Persian Gulf. An account of the attack is included in an issue of the Coast Guard Reserve magazine.
Abu-Musab al-Zarqawi of Al-Qaeda in Iraq claimed responsibility for the attack.
Awards and decorations.
Bruckenthal was posthumously awarded the Bronze Star with Valor, the Purple Heart, and the Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal. On his first Persian Gulf deployment he was awarded the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal and the Combat Action Ribbon.
Petty Officer Bruckenthal is the first Coast Guardsman to be killed in action in military conflict since the Vietnam War. Bruckenthal's death is noted in an article listing Jewish U.S. service members killed in Iraq.
Namesake.
The Unaccompanied Personnel Housing building at Coast Guard Station Montauk is named in honor of DC3 Nathan Bruckenthal. He served as a fireman on the USCGC "Point Wells", which was homeported in Montauk, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18293538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293538" title="Vaidila">
Vaidila

Vaidila ("Woidiło", "Voydiło", "Woydylo"; executed in 1381) was a favorite and brother-in-law of Jogaila, Grand Duke of Lithuania. The Lithuanian Chronicles present Vaidila as a kitchen assistant who rose to the top and entered the nobility only through his marriage to Jogaila's sister Maria in 1379. However, this portrayal is likely biased propaganda. It was a known practice to denounce political opponents as a common peasant. The Teutonic Knights mention that boyar Vaidila ruled "Wegebeticht" (believed to be near Deltuva) and "Wayteldorff" (Dubrowo, north of Lida).
The Lithuanian Chronicle blames him and Uliana of Tver, Jogaila's mother, for initiating the Treaty of Dovydiškės, which caused the Lithuanian Civil War (1381–1384). The Chronicle further stipulates that Vaidila held a personal grudge against Kęstutis, who did not recognize his new noble status. For his service in negotiating peace between Jogaila and the Order, Teutonic Knights gifted Vaidila some land on the Samogitian–Livonian border and perhaps two "hufen" (historical land unit in Germany) of land near Ragnit. When Kęstutis briefly took power during the civil war, Vaidila was hanged. Jogaila revenged his death by executing Vidimantas and his son Butrimas, relatives of Birutė, wife of Kęstutis. After Vaidila's death Maria was married off to David of Gorodets.
If Vaidila was indeed a low-born peasant, he would be the most striking example of social mobility within Lithuanian classes. He was the only Lithuanian duke known to marry a daughter of a Gediminid ruler. This marriage might be an indication that Jogaila needed domestic alliances to keep his throne after his father Algirdas died in 1377 and his elder brother Andrei of Polotsk challenged the last will.

</doc>
<doc id="18293551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293551" title="Paddington (1975 TV series)">
Paddington (1975 TV series)

Paddington Bear is a series of British animated shorts based on the Paddington Bear book series by Michael Bond produced by FilmFair. This was the first television series based on the popular children's book Paddington Bear. In the United States it was usually shown on pay television as filler in between programs. Its narrator was actor Michael Hordern. It was one of the few television programmes to combine a puppet show with cartoon – Paddington himself was a puppet, but other characters in the series were depicted as cartoon characters. 
The series has a very distinctive art style. Paddington himself is a stop-motion animated puppet who moves within a 3-dimensional space and interacts with 2-dimensional animated drawings of the human characters, buildings, etc.
The series, along with all other FilmFair productions is currently owned by DHX Media of Canada.
Broadcast.
The series was aired on the BBC and CBBC between 1975 and 1979, with specials airing between 1980 and 1986. Internationally, episodes of the series aired in the United States on PBS on the syndicated series "Romper Room", on Nickelodeon as a segment on the program "Pinwheel" and on USA Network as a segment on the "Calliope" (TV series) in the late 1970s and early 1980s, as well as in between preschool programming on The Disney Channel as a segment on the program "Lunch Box" from the late 1980s into the 1990s. The series also aired on HBO in between features, usually when they were airing children's programmes.
Specials.
A 21-minute special in which Paddington goes to the movies. On leaving, in the street outside complete with umbrella, he performs Gene Kelly's famous dance routine from "Singin' in the Rain".
Original Air Date: 28 February 1980
A 25-minute special in which Paddington is forced to go to school when a truant officer says that he must go since he is "of age". Includes a scene in which he performs Flight of the Bumblebee on a violin. In this episode colour has been added to all the 2-D animation and backgrounds. 
Original Air Date: 4 September 1984
A 24-minute special in which Paddington finds himself in trouble as he becomes a one-man band to raise money to buy Mr Brown's birthday present. Unfortunately, things don’t go to plan...
In this episode colour has been added to all the 2-D animation and backgrounds. Additionally, this is the first and only episode where the animated characters' mouths actually move when they speak. This is also the series finale.
Original Air Date: 5 July 1986
In popular culture.
Paddington is seen in two commercials for Marmite in the late 2000s.
DVD releases.
In Region 2, Abbey Home Media Group released the entire series on DVD in the UK on 23 June 2008. The 2-disc set features all 56 shorts as well as the 3 specials.
In Region 1, Mill Creek Entertainment (under license from Cookie Jar Group) released the complete series on DVD on 15 February 2011 in a 3-disc set entitled "Paddington Bear- The Complete Classic Series".

</doc>
<doc id="18293564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293564" title="Max Fox">
Max Fox

Edmund Maxwell Cameron "Max" Fox, CBE (27 April 1912 – 27 November 1988) was an Australian politician. Born in Melbourne, he was educated at state schools before becoming a clerk and a salesman. He served in the military 1942-45. In 1955, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Henty. He held the seat until 1974 when he was defeated by Joan Child, the first Labor woman elected to the House. Fox died in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18293587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293587" title="USS Christabel (SP-162)">
USS Christabel (SP-162)

USS "Christabel" (SP-162) was a civilian yacht purchased by the U.S. Navy during the start of World War I. She was outfitted with military equipment, including heavy 3” guns, and was then assigned to patrol duty in the North Atlantic Ocean. She served as a patrol craft with honor during the war, surviving an attack on a German U-Boat. Post-war she was stripped of her military hardware and sold in 1919.
Built in Scotland.
"Christabel" (No. 162), an iron yacht, was built in 1893 by D. and W. Henderson, Glasgow, Scotland; purchased by the Navy 30 April 1917 from Irving T. Bush; commissioned at New York Navy Yard 31 May 1917, Lieutenant H. B. Riebe in command; and assigned to U.S. Patrol Squadrons Operating in European Waters.
World War I service.
She was placed in commission a month later, following conversion to a warship, and during June and early July crossed the Atlantic Ocean to Brest, France, after clearing New York City 9 June 1917. 
For the remainder of the conflict, "Christabel" was employed on escort and patrol work off western France, and took part in at least two actions with German U-Boats. One of which was the Action of 21 May 1918 when she was credited with sinking a German submarine off Spain. However, later it was found that the U-boat was only damaged but had to be interned by Spain a few days later.
Service as a training ship.
After returning to the United States in December 1918, she was based at New London, Connecticut, and served with reserve antisubmarine squadrons as an anti-submarine training ship. 
Awards and honors.
As an officer on board the "Christabel", Ensign Daniel Augustus Joseph Sullivan was awarded the Medal of Honor for "extraordinary heroism" during combat action on 21 May 1918. He exhibited "extraordinary heroism" in securing live depth charges that had come loose during combat with a German U-Boat. For this act, he was awarded the Medal of Honor. 
Post-war decommissioning.
Decommissioned 19 May 1919, "Christabel" was sold at the end of June to the Savannah Bar Pilots Association, of Savannah, Georgia on 30 June 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18293601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293601" title="Naval offensive">
Naval offensive

A naval offensive is the aggressive deployment of naval forces during a military campaign to strategically, operationally or tactically provide secure use of shipping routes, or coastal regions for friendly shipping, or deny them to enemy shipping. 
The aim of a naval offensive is usually in "exerting specific superiority at the point of impact", and has been considered the best strategy in Europe against a threat of invasion since the Middle Ages.
A naval offensive may include use of surface or submarine combat vessels, or both as at the Battle of Heligoland Bight, and aircraft carrier or shore-based fixed-wing and helicopter aircraft and amphibious assault troops to conduct the offensive as a means of "projection of naval power against land objectives", or support one by transporting troops.
The scale of a naval offensive need not be a massive ocean fleet operation, but may be conducted with relatively few and light forces on lakes.
In the naval history the earliest naval offensives in the record of military history were the Punic Wars between Rome and Carthage for the domination of the Mediterranean regional trade, while coastal offensives date to the earlier raids of the Sea Peoples. At least one naval offensive is claimed to have changed the course of history in Europe. 
The conduct of naval offensives may require construction of naval bases to support offensive action in the area, particularly in the case of submarines. One example is the Bay of Kotor base used by the Austro-Hungarian forces in the Adriatic Sea during the First World War.
A naval offensive may be active involving direct combat between units, or passive, involving use of sea route and operational area mining.
Further reading.
For use of carrier and land-based naval aviation in a naval offensive

</doc>
<doc id="18293604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293604" title="Alfred Janniot">
Alfred Janniot

Alfred Auguste Janniot (1889–1969) was a French sculptor most active in the 1930s. 
Janniot was educated at the École des Beaux-Arts, a pupil of Jean Antoine Injalbert, and was the winner of the 1919 Prix de Rome. Under the influence of Antoine Bourdelle, most of Janniot's career was given to monumental and architectural sculpture. 
In 1938 he became an officer in the Legion of Honor. From 1945 through 1959 he held the title of "Professor of Monumental Art" at the Beaux-Arts in Paris. 
His extensive bas-reliefs on the Palais de la Porte Dorée in Paris, built in 1931 for the Paris Colonial Exposition, portray ships, oceans, and wildlife including antelopes, elephants, zebras, and snakes. Janniot also contributed the gilded panel "Paris and New York Joining Hands Above Figures of Poetry, Beauty and Elegance" on the façade of La Maison Française, Rockefeller Center, circa 1930. 

</doc>
<doc id="18293608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293608" title="Greater Lawrence Technical School">
Greater Lawrence Technical School

Greater Lawrence Technical School.
Established in 1963, the Greater Lawrence Technical School is a four-year career and technical high school offering technical programs, a curriculum, academics with personalized academic support and honors classes, a variety of student organizations and interscholastic athletic programs. Located in Andover, Massachusetts, USA, Greater Lawrence Technical School serves the communities of Lawrence, Methuen, North Andover and Andover.
Career Areas.
Career Vocational and Technical Education (CVTE) is a major part of the educational experience that students receive at Greater Lawrence Technical School. Students spend almost 50% of their educational time learning technical skills and knowledge in a career path that will prepare them for employment prior to graduation. All our Career and Technical programs are approved Chapter 74 programs from the Massachusetts Department of Elementary and Secondary Education. The CVTE curricula associated with these programs have all been aligned with the Massachusetts CVTE Frameworks. Students enrolled in CVTE programs will be expected to attain the Certificate of Proficiency in their chosen CVTE program prior to graduation.
After determining a career major through the exploratory process, students enter one of the vocational-technical programs. 
Autobody 
Automotive 
Biotechnology 
Carpentry 
Cosmetology and Barbering 
Culinary Arts
Dental Assisting
Electrical
Electronics and Pre-Engineering 
Health Assisting 
HVAC
Information Technology and Radio/TV Broadcasting
Marketing 
Metal Fabrication 
Office Technology 
Plumbing
External links.
Greater Lawrence Technical High School Official Web Site

</doc>
<doc id="18293634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293634" title="Lisa Hunt">
Lisa Hunt

Lisa Hunt is the popular author/artist of many tarot decks. Lisa has been working as a professional illustrator for over 20 years and is known around the world for producing detailed watercolor renderings of spirits, fantastical creatures, shape shifters and other ethereal beings.
Biography.
Lisa Hunt (born Lisa Sabina Behnke on January 13, 1967 in Spokane, Washington) is an American watercolor artist and writer. Hunt has worked on many tarot decks including Shapeshifter Tarot, Celtic Dragon Tarot, Chesley Award nominated Fantastical Creatures Tarot, the COVR award winning solo project Animals Divine Tarot, The Fairy Tale Tarot and Ghosts & Spirits Tarot - winner of the About.com 2013 Reader's Choice Awards, Best in Tarot and Oracle Card Decks. Her bestselling tarot deck, Celtic Dragon Tarot, has been translated into many languages around the world. She is also the writer/illustrator of the hardcover art/meditation book Celestial Goddesses, showcasing her interest in goddess mythology. Lisa is currently working on the art for a bird oracle deck, release date yet to be determined. Hunt earned a master’s degree in interdisciplinary studies with an emphasis on Jungian psychology/art and drawing from the Union Institute in 2004.
Hunt worked as an art teacher at the Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale and as a collectible card game artist and conceptual designer. Hunt now devotes her time to raising her family and working on new projects in her studio in Boca Raton, South Florida. Hunt is married to art director/designer/photographer Kort Kramer and has two children.
Hunt was a student of Submission Taekwondo at the Boca Academy of Martial Arts and received her Black Belt on December 13, 2008. She formerly studied piano with Brenda Parker at Bravo Academy and is currently studying Jazz piano with Alex Darqui at Lynn Preparatory School of Music, Lynn University.

</doc>
<doc id="18293635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293635" title="Aaron Pointer">
Aaron Pointer

Aaron Elton Pointer (born April 19, 1942) is a retired American baseball player. He played in the major leagues for the Houston Colt .45's/Astros in 1963 and again in 1966–67. After his baseball career, he was a National Football League referee. He is also known for being the brother of members of the Pointer Sisters singing group.
Biography.
Early life.
Aaron Elton Pointer (born April 19, 1942 in Little Rock, Arkansas) is the second of six children of Rev. Elton and Sarah Elizabeth Pointer. He is the younger brother of Fritz Pointer, and older brother of Ruth, Anita, Bonnie, and June Pointer of the Pointer Sisters.
Aaron Pointer grew up in West Oakland, California and attended McClymonds High School, where he became student body president. At McCymonds, Pointer was active in sports and he went to the University of San Francisco on a full basketball scholarship. At USF, he met his wife, Leona.
Baseball career.
Pointer signed with the Houston Colt .45's organization (later Houston Astros) in 1961 and played for the Class A Salisbury Braves in North Carolina in the South Atlantic League. During the 1961 season, Pointer had a .402 batting average. As of 2006, he is the last player to bat over .400 in a full season of professional baseball in the U.S.
Pointer's major league debut was in a 1963 Colt .45's exhibition game. He played one other game in 1963. Pointer played for the Astros in 1966 and 1967. Over three seasons, Pointer had a .208 batting average with two home runs and 15 runs batted in.
Pointer was traded to the Chicago Cubs in 1968 and he played for the Tacoma Cubs in 1968 and 1969. In 1969, he signed with the Nishitetsu Lions in Fukuoka, Japan and played three seasons there from 1970 to 1972. He also played in Venezuela before retiring.
After baseball.
After retiring from baseball, Pointer settled in Tacoma, Washington in 1971 and worked for Pierce County Parks and Recreation, scheduling and supervising athletic activities. He began officiating football games at the recreational level and later at the high school and college level.
From 1978 to 1987, Pointer officiated for the Pacific-10 Conference, eventually becoming a head linesman. He is also the first African American referee in the Pac-10. In 1987, Pointer joined the National Football League as a head linesman. He retired from the NFL after the 2003 season, but he continues to serve as a game-day observer for the NFL.
Pointer retired from Pierce County Parks and Recreation in 2000 after 29 years. He currently serves on the Metropolitan Park District of Tacoma board of commissioners, after being appointed to fill a vacancy in 2001. He also serves on the Executive Board of the Tacoma Athletic Commission.
In June 2008, Pointer was inducted into the Tacoma Hall of Fame.
External links.
, or Retrosheet 

</doc>
<doc id="18293657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293657" title="Reel Life Productions">
Reel Life Productions

Reel Life Productions, also known as Gothom Records, is an independent record label based in Detroit, Michigan that specializes in hip hop music. The label was founded in 1988 by James H. Smith and his younger brother, rapper Esham. Since its formation, RLP had released much of Esham's discography, and had been home to a number of other artists, including Natas, Dice, Mastamind, T-N-T, Kool Keith and The Dayton Family.
While the label was once cited as a vibrant example of independent success in Detroit hip hop, Reel Life Productions' peak in success occurred under distribution through TVT Records and an association with Overcore Records. 
History.
Establishment (1988—1997).
James H. Smith founded the label in 1988 with his younger brother, Esham, a rapper. According to Esham, by the time he had started to rap, Detroit did not have a prominent hip hop scene. Smith states that "Everybody was just imitating what everybody else was doing". His older brother, James, encouraged him to seriously pursue a career as a rapper because of the city's limited hip hop scene. At the age of 13, Esham released his debut album, "Boomin' Words from Hell", in 1989. In 1990, Reel Life Productions reissued his debut album with an alternate track listing and artwork. Esham found it difficult to develop a fanbase, because many wrote off the dark content of his lyrics and imagery as shock value, while hip hop fans did not connect to Esham's albums because of his heavy metal influences. 
Esham met Mastamind as a student at Osborne High School, who gave him a three-song demo tape of his music, leading the two to form the group with Esham's longtime friend, T-N-T, deciding on the name Natas, an acronym for "Nation Ahead of Time And Space". In 1991, Esham met Joseph Bruce, a member of the group Inner City Posse, who praised Esham and Reel Life Productions, and gave Esham a copy of the group's EP "Dog Beats", beginning the two rappers' friendship and professional relationship.
In 1992, Natas released its first album, "Life After Death" on Reel Life. Following the release of this album, Esham, Natas and Reel Life Productions were the subject of much controversy when a 17-year-old fan killed himself while smoking cannabis and playing Russian roulette while listening to "Life After Death".
In 1994, James was incarcerated for rape, leaving the future of Reel Life in doubt. In 1995, Reel Life began its association with the Detroit rapper Dice, who did not sign a contract with the label, but made appearances on albums by Esham, Natas and Mastamind. Reel Life released Dice's debut studio album, "The Neighborhoodshittalka" the following year. Dice left the label following the album's release, claiming that he received no royalties from his album, which he estimated to have sold 200,000 copies. Esham's album "Dead Flowerz" was the first RLP album to appear on a "Billboard" chart, peaking at #38 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. However, the label went bankrupt that year.
Rebranding as Gothom (1997—2001).
In June 1997, Esham rebranded Reel Life Productions as Gothom Records, and released the album "", which charted at #57 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Esham later signed a distribution deal with Overcore, a subsidiary of Overture Music, which later became distributed by TVT Records. Gothom signed the band 20 Dead Flower Children and released their album "Candy, Toy Guns & Television" on June 24, 1997. The following year, Gothom signed the rap metal band The Workhorse Movement, and released the band's EP "Rhythm & Soul Cartel". The following year, Gothom announced that it would release The Workhorse Movement's debut album, "Sons of the Pioneers", but the band left the label and signed with Roadrunner Records, which released the album in association with Overcore, with no involvement from Gothom.
In 2001, Gothom signed Kool Keith and The Dayton Family, and had its highest charting success with Dayton Family member Bootleg's solo release "Hated By Many Loved By Few", which peaked at #174 on the "Billboard" 200, #6 on Independent Albums, and #38 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Gothom achieved the most number of chart positions with Esham's "Tongues", which peaked at #195 on the "Billboard" 200, #7 on Independent Albums, #46 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #14 on Top Heatseekers. "Tongues" featured appearances by Kool Keith, The Dayton Family and Insane Clown Posse's Violent J. However, following this success, TVT and Overture went bankrupt, forcing Esham to fold RLP.
Psychopathic Records.
After RLP folded, Esham signed with Psychopathic Records, releasing two solo albums before leaving that label and reforming Reel Life Productions.
2006 – Present.
Since leaving Psychopathic, however, Esham's only charting releases have been the mixtape "The Butcher Shop", which peaked at #86 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and "Sacrificial Lambz", which peaked at #42 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #50 on Top Heatseekers. In 2009, Esham and Natas performed at the Gathering of the Juggalos. Following the event, a friend of Esham's handed Joseph Bruce a copy of Esham's album "I Ain't Cha Homey", which depicted a clown committing suicide with a gun on the front cover. Bruce listened to the album and saw it as a diss towards Insane Clown Posse. While Esham claimed that the album was not a diss in his podcast, the album strained the relationship between Bruce and Esham, and the two have not spoken since its release. In 2011, Gothom released the documentary "Death of an Indie Label", which was originally announced as a bonus feature on a deluxe edition of "DMT Sessions", but was instead uploaded onto Gothom Inc.'s YouTube channel./>

</doc>
<doc id="18293684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293684" title="Fedora (KGB agent)">
Fedora (KGB agent)

Fedora was the codename for Yerbas Lichi or Victor Mechislavich Lesovski (), a KGB-agent that infiltrated the United Nations during the Cold War, from where he very successfully sabotaged American intelligence agencies by supplying false information. His cover was his work as a Soviet ambassador in the United Nations' headquarters in New York. Fedora was also a close associate and special assistant of the Secretary General of the United Nations, U Thant.
Successes.
The American FBI Agency regarded Fedora as one of their most important and most productive spies ever recruited, without knowing Fedora was actually a KGB-colonel spreading disinformation. As such, Fedora was among the most successful Soviet KGB-agents of the Cold War, his faulty intelligence being directly communicated to the White House. On one occasion, President Nixon and Henry Kissinger unconditionally believed Fedora's false information that a complete set of the so-called Pentagon Papers had ended up on the Soviet embassy in Washington, D.C. He also played an important role in guaranteeing or denying the authenticity of other KGB-agents who claimed to be switching sides, notably Yuri Nosenko, whom he corroborated his authenticity and his allegations, specifically that he was indeed a Lt. Colonel of the KGB and that he indeed received recalling orders just before fleeing to the USA. Nosenko confessed later after failing many times to pass poly examinations that he was in reality a KGB captain, and, after NSA revealed that no recall orders ever reached Geneva Soviet embassy, he confessed that he also lied about that. Since Fedora was surely a Soviet agent and he tried to corroborate Nosenko's story, it is obvious that Nosenko was a double agent. Same way, from the time when Nosenco confessed that he lied about his grade and the recall orders, it was obvious that Fedora was also a double agent working for the Soviets. Despite these, both CIA and FBI choose for a number of reasons to ignore the obvious in either cases.

</doc>
<doc id="18293687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293687" title="List of shipwrecks in 1873">
List of shipwrecks in 1873

The list of shipwrecks in 1873 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="18293706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293706" title="Albert Palmer (Australian politician)">
Albert Palmer (Australian politician)

Albert Clayton Palmer (1859 – 14 August 1919) was an Australian politician. Born in Melbourne, he received a primary education before becoming a bank clerk and later a flour-miller and grazier. He sat on Euroa Shire Council and was the leader of the Kyabram Reform Movement, a conservative rural group that aimed to reduce the number of state parliamentarians. In 1906 he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives for the seat of Echuca, defeating the sitting member for the abolished Moira, Thomas Kennedy, by just 32 votes. This election was voided by the courts, but Palmer won the subsequent by-election more comfortably. Palmer joined the Commonwealth Liberal Party in 1909 and the Nationalist Party in 1917, and held Echuca until his death in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18293721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293721" title="Conciliar">
Conciliar

Conciliar is the adjectival form of council. It is from Latin concilium, council.
Conciliar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18293724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293724" title="Judi Spiers">
Judi Spiers

Judi Spiers (born Judith Marilyn Spiers, 15 March 1953) is a British radio and television presenter.
Spiers began her broadcasting career at Westward Television in 1977, then the ITV station for south-west England. She impressed in the birthday slot with Gus Honeybun with cheeky humour. In short order, she moved to the "What's Ahead" entertainment guide. She hosted local beauty contests "Mr TSW" and "Miss TSW", reflecting the new south-west station TSW TSW produced a nationally-networked daytime chat show "Judi!", which ran for six editions.
Eventually, Spiers moved to national television, presenting BBC1's access television programme "Open Air" from 1986, and its daily magazine programme "Pebble Mill" from 1992 to 1995. She also hosted a Saturday afternoon show on BBC Radio 2 between 1994 and 1998. Spiers continued to work for TVS, presenting the networked show "Scavenger Hunt".
Spiers has presented the morning show on BBC Radio Devon since 2005.
References.
Judi Spiers Official website

</doc>
<doc id="18293733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293733" title="Andreiașu de Jos">
Andreiașu de Jos

Andreiaşu de Jos is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Andreiaşu de Jos, Andreiaşu de Sus, Arşiţa, Fetig, Hotaru, Răchitaşu and Titila.

</doc>
<doc id="18293734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293734" title="Al Sheikh Abdullah bin Zaher bin Saif Al Hussani">
Al Sheikh Abdullah bin Zaher bin Saif Al Hussani

Al Sheikh Abdullah bin Zaher bin Saif Al Hussani () is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Sultanate of Oman to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18293744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293744" title="Sebastian Vayalil">
Sebastian Vayalil

Bishop Sebastian Vayalil (1906 - 1986) was the first bishop of the Eparchy of Pala, in Kerala, India. He was born on 28 January 1906 at Palai. He took his B. A. Degree from the Maharaja’s College, Trivandrum in 1928. He had his ecclesiastical studies at the St. Joseph’s Ap. Seminary Mangalapuzha, Alwaye and was ordained priest on 21 December 1935. He took his L.T. Degree from the Training College Trivandrum in 1942. He was the Headmaster of St. Thomas Training School Palai, till he was appointed the Bishop of Palai, on 25 July 1950. He was consecrated Bishop by Eugene Cardinal Tisserent, Secretary of the Sacred Congregation for the Oriental Churches, on 9 November 1950 at St. Theresia’s Church Rome and was installed in Palai Cathedral by the Most Rev. Leo. P. Kierkels, the Apostolic Internuncio, on 4 January 1951. 
Bishop Vayalil was a member of the Preliminary Commission instituted for the Second Vatican Council to prepare the scheme for the section on ‘Universities and Seminaries’. He attended all the four sessions of the Council. Chicago’s De Paul university conferred upon him in 1966 the honorary Degree of Doctor of Laws (L.L.D.) in recognition of his outstanding achievements as an educator. In 1969 he participated in the extra ordinary Synod of Bishops held in Rome. 
After thirty years in charge of the diocese in 1950, he requested the Holy See to relieve him from the pastoral Government of the diocese. On the acceptance of his resignation he handed over the charge of the diocese to his successor Mar Joseph Pallikaparampil on 25 March 1981. He died on 21 November 1986. 
Bishop Sebastian Vayalil supported the Missions and promoted vocations. He founded the Missionary Society of St Thomas the Apostle in 1968 for organised missionary work in and outside India.

</doc>
<doc id="18293745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293745" title="Chiojdeni">
Chiojdeni

Chiojdeni is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Cătăuţi, Chiojdeni, Lojniţa, Luncile, Mărăcini, Podurile, Seciu and Tulburea.

</doc>
<doc id="18293750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293750" title="Next To You (Darude song)">
Next To You (Darude song)

Next To You is the title of a song written and recorded by Darude (with vocals performed by Elena Mady). It was released in 2003 as the second single off the album, "Rush".

</doc>
<doc id="18293757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293757" title="Bălești, Vrancea">
Bălești, Vrancea

Băleşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Băleşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18293759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293759" title="Bârsești">
Bârsești

Bârseşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Bârseşti and Topeşti, and also included Negrileşti before it split off as a separate commune in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18293761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293761" title="Biliești">
Biliești

Bilieşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Bilieşti. It was part of Suraia Commune until 2004, when it was split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18293762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293762" title="Boghești">
Boghești

Bogheşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Bogheşti, Bogheştii de Sus, Bicheşti, Prisecani, Tăbuceşti, Pleşeşti, Iugani, Chiţcani and Plăcinţeni.

</doc>
<doc id="18293764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293764" title="Bolotești">
Bolotești

Boloteşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Boloteşti, Găgeşti, Ivănceşti, Pietroasa, Putna and Vităneştii de sub Măgură.

</doc>
<doc id="18293765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293765" title="Bordești">
Bordești

Bordeşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Bordeşti and Bordeştii de Jos.

</doc>
<doc id="18293766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293766" title="Broșteni, Vrancea">
Broșteni, Vrancea

Broşteni is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Arva, Broşteni and Pituluşa.

</doc>
<doc id="18293768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293768" title="Câmpineanca">
Câmpineanca

Câmpineanca is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Câmpineanca, Pietroasa and Vâlcele.

</doc>
<doc id="18293769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293769" title="Câmpuri">
Câmpuri

Câmpuri is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Câmpuri, Feteşti, Gura Văii, Rotileştii Mari and Rotileştii Mici.
Ion Roată was born in Câmpuri and died in Gura Văii.

</doc>
<doc id="18293770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293770" title="Cârligele">
Cârligele

Cârligele is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Blidari, Bonţeşti, Cârligele and Dălhăuţi.

</doc>
<doc id="18293771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293771" title="Ciorăști">
Ciorăști

Ciorăşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Ciorăşti, Codreşti, Mihălceni, Salcia Nouă, Salcia Veche, Satu Nou and Spătăreasa.

</doc>
<doc id="18293772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293772" title="Corbița">
Corbița

Corbiţa is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Buda, Corbiţa, Izvoarele, Lărgăşeni, Ocheşeşti, Rădăcineşti, Şerbăneşti (the commune center), Tuţu and Vâlcelele.

</doc>
<doc id="18293773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293773" title="Cotești">
Cotești

Coteşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Budeşti, Coteşti, Goleştii de Sus and Valea Coteşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18293788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293788" title="Hong Kong at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
Hong Kong at the 2008 Summer Olympics

Hong Kong competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Hong Kong was also the host of the equestrian competitions at the Hong Kong Equestrian Venues.
Cycling.
Road.
Wu Kin San is the first Hong Kong athlete to successfully complete the cycling road race.
Equestrian.
Hong Kong competitors will themselves be taking part in the Olympic Equestrian Events for the first time. Jennifer Lee withdrew due to health problems with her horse, Mr Burns.
Rowing.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); FC=Final C (non-medal); FD=Final D (non-medal); FE=Final E (non-medal); FF=Final F (non-medal); SA/B=Semifinals A/B; SC/D=Semifinals C/D; SE/F=Semifinals E/F; QF=Quarterfinals; R=Repechage
Sailing.
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race; CAN = Race cancelled;

</doc>
<doc id="18293797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293797" title="Village Park (stadium)">
Village Park (stadium)

Hakupu School Ground or Village Park, as it known to the local people, is a stadium based in Hakupu, a village in Niue. It is named after the Hakupu School and has a capacity of 200. The venue is home to the local club, Hakupu FC and to Makefu based team, Makefu FC.

</doc>
<doc id="18293803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293803" title="Kario Salem">
Kario Salem

Kario Salem (born 1955) is an American television, film, and stage actor and screenwriter.
Career.
In 1997, Salem earned an Emmy Award as a writer for the television special "", which also earned him a PEN nomination. The film also won the Broadcast Film Critics Award and Peabody Award for Best Television Film of the year. He received a second Emmy nomination the following year for writing "The Rat Pack", in addition to a second PEN nomination. 
Salem won a Drama Log award for his performance in Richard Greenberg's "The Extra Man" at South Coast Repertory Theater, as well as a Boston Critic's award for his performance as "Cousins" in George Bernard Shaw's Major Barbara with Cherry Jones at the American Repertory Theater in Cambridge. Salem also co-starred on Broadway as "Scoop" in The Heidi Chronicles with Mary McDonnel. 
He has appeared in over 80 guest starring roles on television, including the role of Mike Pasquinal in Centennial, and the ghost of a dead soldier in an Emmy Award winning episode of M*A*S*H. His film roles include the role of Jocko in "Triumph of the Spirit", the bleach blonde French gangster in Roger Avary's "Killing Zoe", and the role of The Grand Inquistor in Ridley's Scott's "". 
Salem is also a composer and partner in the music company, "Matter Music", best known for its soundtracks for the films "Riding Giants" and "Wedding Crashers".

</doc>
<doc id="18293806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293806" title="Anna Semenovich">
Anna Semenovich

Anna Grigorievna Semenovich (, born 1 March 1980) is a Russian singer, actress, model, and former competitive ice dancer.
Skating career.
Early in her career, Semenovich skated with Maxim Kachanov. They competed at the 1994 Goodwill Games and placed 5th. She teamed up with Vladimir Fedorov in 1995. They won the Finlandia Trophy twice and competed on the Grand Prix of Figure Skating. The highlight of their partnership was competing at the 1998 World Championships, where they placed 15th. Their partnership ended in 1999 and Semenovich teamed up with Roman Kostomarov for one season. With Kostomarov, she is the Russian bronze medalist and competed at both the 2000 European Championships and the 2000 World Championships.
Following the end of that partnership, she briefly paired with Denis Samokhin, placing 4th at the 2001 Russian Championships, but was eventually forced to retire due to injury.
Singing career.
Following her retirement from skating, Semenovich began working as an actress, model, and singer. She sang with Blestyashchie from 2003–07, when she left to follow a solo career. In 2008, she released her album, Слухи. Her single, На Моря, featured Arash. In 2009, Semenovich competed in the Russian national final for the Eurovision Song Contest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18293814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293814" title="Frank Timson">
Frank Timson

Thomas Frank Timson MBE (9 February 1909 – 16 October 1960) was an Australian politician. Born in Melbourne, he was educated at Caulfield Grammar School and Wesley College before becoming the director of a Melbourne importing and exporting firm. He served in the military 1940-1945. He was awarded the MBE and, having enlisted as a Private in 1940, was discharged from the AIF in 1945 with the rank of Major. In 1949, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for the new seat of Higinbotham. He held the seat until his death in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18293819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293819" title="McGillis">
McGillis

McGillis is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18293823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293823" title="KIGC">
KIGC

KIGC (88.7 FM) is a non-commercial radio station that serves the William Penn College campus and the Oskaloosa, Iowa area. The station broadcasts a Variety format. KIGC is owned by William Penn College.
The transmitter and broadcast antenna are located on the campus of William Penn College. According to the FCC database, the antenna is mounted above ground level. The calculated Height Above Average Terrain is . 

</doc>
<doc id="18293824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293824" title="Chuck Connelly">
Chuck Connelly

Chuck Connelly (born January 7, 1955 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American painter.
Biography.
Connelly graduated from the Tyler School of Art in Elkins Park, Pennsylvania in 1977. Afterward, he moved from the Philadelphia area to New York City, where Robert C. Atkins became one of his first patrons.
Connelly went on to spend two years in Germany, where he continued to develop his art work with the patronage of Atkins. Upon his return to New York in the early ’80s, the Annina Nosei Gallery began to show his work. During this time, Connelly began to rise to fame along with Julian Schnabel and Jean-Michel Basquiat in the New York City art world.
A movie was eventually made roughly based on Connelly (the "Life Lessons" segment of "New York Stories"), directed by Martin Scorsese. Not long after the film's release, Connelly made unfavorable comments about Scorsese and the film.
"", an Emmy award winning documentary directed by Jeff Stimmel, premiered at the L.A. Film Festival in June 2008 and was shown on HBO in July. The documentary chronicles Connelly as he struggles with his temperament, alcoholism, and disillusionment with reality. These factors culminate in the alienation of gallery owners, collectors, and his wife; serving to depress Connelly further. The documentary details the tragedy of the fallen artist as he fights to maintain his dignity and integrity in the face of a world that refuses to accept him.
On June 15, 2010, Connelly started a new web show called "Stream of Thought".

</doc>
<doc id="18293835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293835" title="James McKay (New Brunswick politician)">
James McKay (New Brunswick politician)

James McKay (February 11, 1836 – April 20, 1916) was a farmer and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. He represented Charlotte County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1875 to 1878 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Pennfield, New Brunswick, the son of Alexander McKay, an Irish immigrant. On 26 December 1872 he married Mary Elizabeth Hawkins, who died 7 September 1873. On 18 March 1883 he married Ellen Gillespie (1855–1928).

</doc>
<doc id="18293885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293885" title="Ann Pellegreno">
Ann Pellegreno

Ann Dearing Holtgren Pellegreno (born 1937 in Chicago, Illinois) has been a professional musician, teacher, author, lecturer, and farmer. In 1967, Pellegreno and a crew of three successfully flew a similar aircraft (a Lockheed 10A Electra) to complete a world flight that closely mirrored Amelia Earhart's flight plan in 1937. On the 30th anniversary of Earhart's disappearance, Pellegreno dropped a wreath in her honor over tiny Howland Island and returned to Oakland, California, completing the 28,000-mile (45,000 km) commemorative flight on July 7, 1967.
Early years.
In 1960, on the day she obtained her private pilot's license, Pellegreno took her mother up for a surprise flight as her first passenger; Mrs. Holtgren was not aware that her daughter had learned to fly. Within five years, Pellegreno obtained a commercial pilot's license, to which she added ratings for instrument, multi-engine, and flight instructor for airplanes and instruments.
Round-the-world flight 1967.
Ann Pellegreno's decision to retrace Earhart's round-the-world flight route in a Lockheed Electra can be traced to the encouragement of her airplane mechanic, Lee Koepke, in 1962. Koepke owned a twin-engine Lockheed Electra 10A that he was restoring at the time, a sistership to that flown by Amelia Earhart on her fateful world flight in 1937. The first article of the historic commemorative event appeared in a Detroit newspaper on March 6, 1967. In April and May of that year the Electra was retrofitted with final fuel equipment for the flight at Javelin Aircraft in Wichita, Kansas. On June 9, she and her crew of three took off from Oakland, California in the plane. Her crew was made up of William L. Polhemus (navigator), William "Bill" R. Payne (co-pilot) and Lee Koepke (owner and restorer of the Electra). The Electra was originally registered in Canada as CF-TCA and re-registered in the U.S. as N79237 when Pellegreno and her crew made their round-the-world flight.
Pellegreno proceeded from Willow Run, Detroit, Michigan on June 7, 1967 to Oakland, to take off from the same airport from which Earhart departed 30 years before. It was wheels-up on this commemorative round-the-world flight on June 9 when she took off from Oakland flying east on their journey. Pellegreno and her team followed the same route Earhart and navigator Fred Noonan followed in 1937, but for better re-fueling connections landed at differing airports. They carried 2,000 sets of philatelic covers that would be canceled at various cities on their path, to be sold to collectors to help finance their flight. Unlike the 1937 flight, Pellegreno's Electra was equipped with state-of-the-art radio and navigation equipment.
After a refueling stop at Nauru in the Pacific, Pellegreno flew to Howland Island, making a tribute fly-over at approximately the same time and on the same day as Earhart and Noonan would have arrived there 30 years before on July 2, 1937. On that day, July 2, 1967, Pellegreno personally dropped a wreath commemorating the history-making round-the-world effort of Earhart and Noonan. Exactly 30 years later, Pellegreno found Earhart's flight-planned destination – tiny Howland Island – dropped a wreath, and returned to Oakland on July 7.
She arrived back at Oakland having completed the 28,000-mile commemorative flight. She then returned the Electra to Willow Run arriving there on July 10. On July 15, the Michigan Legislature declared it "Ann Pellegreno Day" and had a parade in her home town of Saline, Michigan.
Itinerary.
Departed Willow Run, Detroit, MI (Pre-Flight), June 7, 1967
Departed Oakland, CA (Start round-the-world), June 9, 1967
Arrived Oakland, CA (Finish round-the-world), July 7, 1967
Arrived Willow Run, Detroit, MI, October 7, 1967
Later years.
In 1974 Pellegreno was appointed to the Aeronautics Commission, the first woman thus serving in Iowa, and also to the Iowa Department of Transportation Commission, the first woman in the nation to serve in that capacity. Pellegreno was inducted into the Iowa Aviation Hall of Fame (1990), the Michigan Aviation Hall of Fame (1991), and the Experimental Aircraft Association – Vintage Aircraft Association Hall of Fame (1997). Her first book, "World Flight, the Earhart Trail", was published in 1971. The first two volumes of her trilogy "Iowa Takes to the Air" were published in 1980 and 1986. Pellegreno was inducted into the Iowa Women's Hall of Fame in 2001.
The Lockheed Electra owned by Lee Koepke was, in a previous existence, one of the three Trans-Canada Airlines Electras that were used to initiate transcontinental air service in Canada in 1937. After Pellegreno's flight, the Canada Aviation Museum acquired the aircraft from Koepke. Volunteers from Air Canada (the new name of Trans-Canada Airlines) overhauled the aircraft in 1968 and donated it to the museum. Today, Lockheed Electra (S/N 1112) is part of the National Aeronautical Collection and is displayed in its original CF-TCA configuration.
Dedications.
Dedication of her World Flight at the beginning of her book:
Dedication of her World Flight at the end of her book:

</doc>
<doc id="18293908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293908" title="Jack Cremean">
Jack Cremean

John Lawrence "Jack" Cremean (26 January 1907 – 11 August 1982) was an Australian politician. Born in Melbourne, he was educated at Catholic schools before becoming a clerk. He was secretary to federal Labor minister Arthur Calwell from 1942–45, secretary of the Fire Brigades Employees Union 1945-48, and also sat on Richmond City Council. In 1945, Cremean's brother Bert Cremean died after surgery, and Jack was elected as a Labor member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly for Clifton Hill in the resulting by-election, where he remained until 1949. In that year, he transferred to federal politics, winning the new seat of Hoddle in the Australian House of Representatives. In 1955, Cremean was one of seven MPs who left the ALP and formed the Australian Labor Party (Anti-Communist), the precursor to the Democratic Labor Party. Cremean's seat of Hoddle was abolished for the 1955 election, so he contested its successor, Scullin, as an Anti-Communist, but was defeated by the Labor candidate, Ted Peters, the member for Burke. Cremean died in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18293914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293914" title="Annette Bryn Parri">
Annette Bryn Parri

Annette Bryn Parri is a Welsh pianist, best known as an accompanist to opera stars such as Bryn Terfel, Rebecca Evans and Jason Howard. Parri appears regularly on the National Eisteddfod stage, and also at the International Eisteddfod at Llangollen.
Early life.
Parri was born in Deiniolen, Wales. Having studied piano with Rhiannon Gabrielson, Parri graduated with a GRNCM in 1984 from the Royal Northern College of Music in Manchester after studying under Marjorie Clementi. Whilst at Manchester, she specialized in lieder, oratorio and opera, but her particular interest was in the Romantic composers. In 1982, she won the Grace Williams Medal for composition at the Urdd Gobaith Cymru Eisteddfod at Pwllheli.
Accompanist career.
Parri became an official accompanist at the age of fifteen. In 1983 she made her first appearance at the National Eisteddfod, at Llangefni, and at the Rhyl National Eisteddfod in 1985, she won the Blue Riband for instrumentalists. Parri has accompanied at the Albert Hall, London on several occasions and Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber, Sir George Solti, Prince Charles and Princess Diana have been among her private audiences. She can be heard accompanying many famous artists including Bryn Terfel, Aled Jones, Eirian James, Gwyn Hughes-Jones, Leah Marian Jones and Rebecca Evans, and she has appeared on several S4C series, including "Noson Lawen", "Cân i Gymru" and giving a Masterclass on "Meistroli". 
Parri later joined the Music Department of the University of Wales, Bangor as a piano tutor to students following B.A. and B.Music degree courses.
Parri made her debut at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 2005. 
She has recorded three solo albums.

</doc>
<doc id="18293927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293927" title="Torneo Clausura 2008 (Paraguay)">
Torneo Clausura 2008 (Paraguay)

The Torneo Clausura 2008 ("official name: Copa Tigo 2008") is the football (soccer) tournament that closes the season in the .
The tournament began on July 25 with the participation of 12 teams, playing a two-legged all play all system. In the end, Libertad won the tournament, securing a spot for the Copa Libertadores 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18293958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293958" title="Carter Family picking">
Carter Family picking

Carter Family picking, also known as thumb brush' technique or the 'Carter lick,' and also the 'church lick' and the 'Carter scratch, is a style of fingerstyle guitar named for Maybelle Carter of the Carter Family's distinctive style of rhythm guitar in which the melody is played on the bass strings, usually low E, A, and D while rhythm strumming continues above, on the treble strings, high E, B, and G. This often occurs during the break. The style bears similarity to the frailing style of banjo playing and is the rhythm Bill Monroe adapted for bluegrass music two decades later.
With the technique Carter, who "was among the first" to use it as such, "helped to turn the guitar into a lead instrument". Maybelle, in turn, had first learned the technique from Lesley Riddle, a Black guitarist who used to frequent the Carter family household.

</doc>
<doc id="18293965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293965" title="List of sustainability principles">
List of sustainability principles

This is a list of sustainability principles. It is grouped by the scope of the principles.

</doc>
<doc id="18293976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293976" title="Becks Run Road (Pittsburgh)">
Becks Run Road (Pittsburgh)

Becks Run Road is a street in the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. It connects Brownsville Road in the Carrick neighborhood of Pittsburgh with East Carson Street on the South Side. It is part of the Blue Belt road system. It is one of few roads connecting the low-lying areas along the Monongahela River with the higher elevations to the south, and is therefore heavily traveled, in spite of being steep and narrow in some sections.
The northern part of Becks Run Road follows part of the route of the H.B. Hays and Brothers Coal Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="18293984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293984" title="Stelnica">
Stelnica

Stelnica is a commune located in Ialomiţa County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Maltezi, Retezatu and Stelnica.
se afla pe malul borcei

</doc>
<doc id="18293985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293985" title="Jilavele">
Jilavele

Jilavele is a commune located in Ialomiţa County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Jilavele and Slătioarele.

</doc>
<doc id="18293986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293986" title="Giurgeni">
Giurgeni

Giurgeni is a commune located on the left bank of the Danube, in Ialomiţa County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Giurgeni.
Giurgeni is linked with Vadu Oii-Hârșova over the Danube via the Giurgeni – Vadu Oii Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="18293987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293987" title="Dridu">
Dridu

Dridu is a commune located in Ialomiţa County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Dridu and Dridu-Snagov. It also included Moldoveni village until 2005, when it was split off to form Moldoveni Commune.
The Ialomiţa is situated at the west side of Ialomiţa County, on the right side of the river witch gave the name of the county at the confluence of Prahova and Ialomiţa rivers. Is 80 km away from Slobozia (county capital) 18 km from Urziceni, and 50 km from the national capital Bucharest. It has a surface of 71 km2 and 3428 inhabitants as of 2011.
The origin of the name lost in the mist of history, some documents shows "Dridih" as origin (Radu cel Mare's manuscript) others "Dridova" (Vladislav The Third's manuscript).
The first documented naming of the village dates from 28 October 1464, when Radu cel Frumos donated the lands to the Snagov Monastery. In the second part of the 18th century a small wooden church was built, with very interesting sculpted pillars and no fresco. Some of the original parts are in a new wooden church built after a dig was built and the waters rose above the church level. After the Romanian Revolution of 1989, a new monastery was built over the remaining of Dridu culture (Quaternary relict ware found there).

</doc>
<doc id="18293989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293989" title="Ciochina">
Ciochina

Ciochina is a commune located in Ialomiţa County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Borduşelu, Ciochina, Orezu and Piersica.

</doc>
<doc id="18293990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293990" title="Balaciu">
Balaciu

Balaciu is a commune located in Ialomiţa County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Balaciu, Copuzu, Crăsanii de Jos and Crăsanii de Sus. It also included Sărăţeni village until 2005, when it was split off to form Sărăţeni Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18293991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293991" title="Axintele">
Axintele

Axintele is a commune located in Ialomiţa County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Axintele, Bărbătescu and Horia.

</doc>
<doc id="18293994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18293994" title="William Haworth">
William Haworth

Sir William Crawford Haworth (15 April 1905 – 1 December 1984) was an Australian politician. Born in Melbourne, he was educated at state schools before attending the University of Melbourne and the Victorian College of Pharmacy. He became a pharmaceutical chemist, and served in the military 1940-44. In 1937, he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the United Australia Party member for Albert Park; he was the Victorian Minister for Health and Housing in 1945. He was defeated in 1945, but in 1949 was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for the new seat of Isaacs. He held the seat until his retirement in 1969, when he received a knighthood. Haworth died in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18294009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294009" title="Hogia'r Wyddfa">
Hogia'r Wyddfa

Hogia’r Wyddfa is a five piece band which have been at the forefront of Welsh language entertainment, and have performed at hundreds of venues across Wales and beyond, for over fifty years.
After many EP recordings for DRYW, they recorded their first album with SAIN in 1974; this was the first of many. They were among the first SAIN artists to receive a Gold Disc for record sales, and their CDs are still very much in demand.
The original members were Arwel Jones, Myrddin Owen, Vivian Parry, Elwyn Jones, and accompanist Richard Huw Morris, whose playing style was a prominent part of their appeal.
Following the untimely death of Richard Huw Morris, replacing him was a major problem, but eventually the group was joined by one of Wales's best accompanists, Annette Bryn Parri.

</doc>
<doc id="18294013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294013" title="Helga Schubert">
Helga Schubert

Helga Schubert (Pseudonym for Helga Helm, born 7 January 1940 in Berlin) is a German Psychologist and author.
Life.
Helga Shubert is a daughter of a librarian, who was also active in economics, and of a 1941 favored Gerichtsassessor and grew up in East Berlin. She took her "Reifeprüfung" (secondary school examination) and worked afterwards a year in a Berlin industrial plant on the assembly line. From 1958 to 1963, she studied psychology at the Humboldt University and acquired the degree of a diploma in psychology. From 1963 to 1977, she was in the main profession and from 1977 through 1987 in a second occupation as an active clinical psychologist: until 1973, she worked in adult psychotherapy. Then from 1973 to 1977, she was active scientifically at the Humboldt University with the aim of a Doctorate. She did not attain the doctorate. From 1977 until 1987 she contributed to the teachings of "Gesprächstherapeuten" (psycho therapy with a focus on speech) and at a marriage advice center in Berlin. Since 1977, she is an author. From December 1989 until March 1990, she was a neutral spokesperson of the Central Round Table in East Berlin. The author lives today together with painter and leading clinical psychologist Johannes Helm in Neu Meteln in Schwerin - also known as "Künstlerkolonie Drispeth" (Artist Colony Drispeth).
Helga Schubert, who began preparations in the sixties with the writing, published in the DDR beside a series of children's literature prose text, in which would be portrayed from unusual stylistic precise stylish art sale from the East German everyday life. Beside it, Schubert wrote Theater Dramas, Radio Dramas, Television Plays and Movie Scenes. After die Wende, she would be known through her documentary work "Judasfrauen" which dealt with the theme "Denunciation in the Third Reich" from the foundations of file study.
Helga Schubert, who has belonged to "Schriftstellerverband der DDR" (Writer's Union of East Germany) since 1976 and the P.E.N.-Central of East Germany since 1987 though moved to the P.E.N.-Central of Germany in 1991, received among others the following awards: 1982 Script Prize at the second National Film Festival of the DDR for "Die Beunruhigung" (The Worry), 1983 Heinrich Greif Prize, 1986 Heinrich Mann Prize, 1991 Honorary Doctorate - Doctor of Humane Letters from Purdue University and 1993 Hans Fallada Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="18294020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294020" title="Suffocate Me">
Suffocate Me

Suffocate Me was a 1993 extended play release and the debut single by Scottish band Angelfish. While not charting on any mainstream "Billboard" charts, "Suffocate Me" was received well on college radio, and was followed up in 1994 by the release of Angelfish's self-titled debut album. 
The music video for "Suffocate Me" famously aired once by MTV during "120 Minutes", where it was seen by Garbage co-founder Steve Marker. Manson was asked to join Garbage, and accepted. 
Track listing.
Both "Suffocate Me" and "You Can Love Her" would appear on the band's debut album, "Angelfish", released the following year, while "Trash It" would be re-recorded and released as "Superman" on the B-side of Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie's final single "The Way I Walk".
Music video.
The "Suffocate Me" music video was directed by Cameron Casey and premiered in the US on August 6, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18294021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294021" title="Seven Wonders of Nature">
Seven Wonders of Nature

Seven Wonders of Nature may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18294029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294029" title="Myrkskog">
Myrkskog

Myrkskog is a death metal band formed in 1993 from Drammen, Norway.
Band history.
Their music consists of thunderous high speed double-bass with rapid blastbeats and fills. Guitars are made up of harmonic tremolo picking and sometimes powerchords with fast solos composed by Destructhor who, along with Secthdamon, were members in Zyklon. Their debut album "Deathmachine" is a hybrid of black metal and death metal, combining attributes of both genres. Their second album "Superior Massacre" is much more death metal-oriented with more prominent bass-lines and less tremolo picked riffs.
The name 'Myrkskog' is a translation of the Norwegian word for 'Mirkwood'. Destructhor plays guitar for Morbid Angel. Since leaving Myrkskog, Savant M (going under the moniker Drakul Azacain) formed the black metal band Disiplin, who have released two albums, and was briefly a member of Dissection. 
The current line-up is guitarist/vocalist Destructhor, bassist Demariel (or "Gortheon") and drummer / backing vocalist Secthdamon. Myrkskog has released two full-Length albums through the UK's Candlelight Records. Their second studio album, "Superior Massacre", also contains material by the Norwegian experimental duo Epilektrician, used as intro and outro. 

</doc>
<doc id="18294035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294035" title="Arpad Vass">
Arpad Vass

Arpad Alexander Vass (born August 30, 1959) is a research scientist and forensic anthropologist based at the Life Sciences Division of Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL), in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. He is also adjunct associate professor of Forensic Anthropology, a program of the University of Tennessee's Law Enforcement Innovation Center located in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Vass is the son of a Hungarian immigrant. He grew up in Arlington, Virginia, where he graduated from Yorktown High School in 1977. He is married to Victoria Ann Longo and they have two sons.
Education & Research.
In 1980, Vass obtained the Antarctic Exploration certification from Scripps Institution of Oceanography. The following year, he earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology from Virginia Tech. In 1984, Vass earned a Medical Technology degree from Fairfax Hospital. He earned a Masters of Science degree in Forensic Science from Virginia Commonwealth University in 1989, and he obtained his PhD from the University of Tennessee in anthropology.
Vass is developing a forensic science technique called "decomposition odor analysis", or "DOA", which he claims will help to identify the over 400 body vapors which emanate from a decaying and decomposing human body. A database of such vapors would in theory enable the Federal Bureau of Investigation's search teams and cadaver dogs (Human Remains Detection dogs) to detect the location of remains of human beings. The database is a part of the University of Tennessee Anthropological Research Facility. These dogs train in the same method as narcotic dogs can sniff out graves of buried human remains.
Vass has also put forward a proposal to search out human remains with the use of a fly with a tracking chip.
Vass is developing a forensic tool to help detect and uncover forensic cases. The Forensic Anthropology Facility, located behind the UT Medical Center in Knoxville, affords scientists with bodies which have been willed to the study of forensic science and research. The molecular signature of body decomposition odor may be detected by analytical equipment or electronic body sniffer which is being researched by Vass.

</doc>
<doc id="18294049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294049" title="Intimate Power">
Intimate Power

Intimate Power may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18294054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294054" title="Simon Gaon">
Simon Gaon

Simon Gaon (born 1943) is an American painter, Expressionist, and action painter. He is best known for his intense, tempestuous, action oriented paintings of the cityscape. He was also a co-founder of the Street Painters, a group of eight New York artists who painted directly from the city life they observed on the streets of America's largest city.
Early life and education.
Born in 1943 in Manhattan, Gaon at an early age displayed creative talents. By age 14 he began painting while attending the Roosevelt School in Stamford, Connecticut. A key influence on him was painter Arthur Bressler (1927–1975) who was Gaon's teacher and mentor. Gaon graduated from the High School of Art and Design in New York City. In 1962, Gaon won the art studio award scholarship from the Art Students League which allowed him to study art on the European continent. In 1964, he studied in Academia 63 in Haarlem, the Netherlands, and furthered his European education with the Art Students League Merit Scholarship (1965) and the Edward G. McDowell traveling scholarship 
He later stayed more than ten years in Europe, primarily in Paris, where his style evolved. The works of the Fauve painters - Derain, Vlaminck as well as Soutine, Kokoschka, Corinth, and especially Van Gogh have all strongly influenced his work.
Gaon's philosophy and style.
In his work, Gaon is influenced more by his temperament than intellectualism. He prefers to take risks, and edit later, putting the living experience of painting at the forefront of his craft. As an action painter, he immerses himself physically in his art, using pigment, emotion, and poetry to reinvent nature in a personal way. He paints nature and the city with abandonment and freedom, harnessing the different layers of the subconscious to help form the painting. However, life in all its an energy and contradiction remains his inspiration. Subjects of his art include the night, the stormy sea, and the frenetic, carnival like, neon lit city.
Art.
Gaon is most famous for his Time Square series (1998) displaying the chaos and confusion of city. His depictions of the locale have been called dizzying, disorienting, and even mind-boggling. His works manifest the vitality, wildness, drivenness, and hysterical quality of the urban setting, ever expanding to the point of explosion. Gaon's chaotic Time Square, helps him, as an artist, express the contradictory life forces that live within him.
Gaon also focuses on those who live on the urban periphery, the street people, immigrants, and prostitutes. His paintings go beyond the immediate perception of these subjects, to uncover the inherent contradictions both in his subjects psyche and social position, and in his own consciousness. His subjects display a noble and prophetic character, as if spiritually from a bygone era yet awkwardly entrenched in a harsh contemporary reality.
Exhibitions.
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004 
West Vallery Art
2003
2002
1999
1997
1995
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1986
1974
1968

</doc>
<doc id="18294066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294066" title="Lisa Ann Sandell">
Lisa Ann Sandell

Lisa Ann Sandell is an American author of young adult novels. She has written and published three books, "A Map of the Known World", "Song of the Sparrow", "The Weight of the Sky", and "21 Proms".
Biography.
Before she published her first book, Sandell interned in Jerusalem, Israel at the news magazine "The Jerusalem Report". The experience informed Sandell's first novel, "The Weight of the Sky", published by Viking Children's Books in 2006.
In 1999, Sandell received a B.A. in Medieval and Renaissance Literature from the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Her honors thesis on Sir Thomas Malory's treatment of Lancelot in Le Morte d'Arthur provided the inspiration for her second novel, "Song of the Sparrow".
Sandell moved to New York City in 2000, and began work as a children's book editor. She continues to write for young adults, and wrote a short story titled "See Me" for the anthology "21 Proms", which was published by Point (Publisher) in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18294073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294073" title="Waneta Lake">
Waneta Lake

Waneta Lake (previously known as "Little Lake") is a small lake in the Finger Lakes region of the state of New York in the United States. The lake straddles the border of Schuyler County and Steuben County, and is within the towns of Tyrone and Wayne. Waneta Lake is 3.5 miles long (north-to-south) and half a mile wide (east-to-west), and lies just east of the southern branch of Keuka Lake. The lake is at .

</doc>
<doc id="18294088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294088" title="Robert Harper (Australian politician)">
Robert Harper (Australian politician)

Robert Harper (1 February 1842 – 9 January 1919) was an Australian politician. Born in Glasgow, Scotland, he was educated at Glasgow Academy and migrated to Australia in 1856, becoming a tea and coffee merchant and a pastoralist. In 1879, he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the member for West Bourke; he was defeated in 1880, but in 1882 returned to the Assembly as the member for East Bourke. He was defeated again in 1889, but was returned as member for East Bourke 1891-97. In the first federal election in 1901, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Protectionist member for Mernda. He joined the Commonwealth Liberal Party when it was formed out of the fusion of the Protectionists and the Anti-Socialists. Harper's seat of Mernda was abolished in 1913, and he retired. He died in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18294111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294111" title="Heinrich Bongartz">
Heinrich Bongartz

Heinrich Bongartz Pour le Merite, Royal House Order of Hohenzollern, Iron Cross, (31 January 1892 – 23 January 1946) was a German World War I fighter pilot and flying ace credited with 33 confirmed victories and one unconfirmed. He also served as a night fighter commander in World War II.
Early life.
Heinrich Bongartz was born in Gelsenkirchen, Westphalia on 31 January 1892. In civilian life, Bongartz was a schoolteacher. He came to the German air service after enlisting in the 16th Infantry Regiment in August 1914, transferring to the 13th Infantry Regiment as a Sturmoffizier, and seeing action in the Battle of Verdun. He transferred to the "Luftstreitkräfte" (German Air Service) in early 1915, to pilot training with "Flieger-Abteilung" (Flier Detachment) 5 and was commissioned a Leutnant in March, 1916. Upon graduation in October, he was posted to a reconnaissance unit, "Kampfgeschwader" (Tactical Bomber Wing) 5. From there, he had a short lived tour with "Kampfstaffel" (Tactical Bomber Squadron) 27; a unit that was soon to be recast as "Schutzstaffel" (Protection Squadron) 8. Bongartz was finally assigned to flying fighter aircraft with Royal Prussian Jagdstaffel 36 in April 1917.
Service as a fighter pilot.
His initial success as a fighter pilot came during Bloody April, so called such because of the severe losses suffered by the Royal Flying Corps. Bongartz contributed to the British bloodshed by claiming four victories during April—a Spad VII, a Caudron and a pair of observation balloons. He became an ace on 2 May.
Bongartz's third, fourth, and sixth through eighth solo victories came over balloons, and the remainder of his victories were over aircraft. He accrued victims at a steady rate when he scored, with a triple victory day on 31 October, and three days on which he shot down two enemy aircraft.
On 12 July 1917, he shot down number 11; by now his aerial gallantry had earned him both classes of the Iron Cross. The next day, Bongartz was wounded for the first time, the first of five wounds he would receive during the war. Possibly because of this wound, he did not score again until 26 September. Also in September 1917, he succeeded to command of Jasta 36. In October, he scored eight times, raising his count to 20. In November 1917, he was wounded again, but still managed to down another five enemy aircraft, with one more unconfirmed. On 24 November 1917, he was awarded the Royal House Order of Hohenzollern.
On 23 December 1917, he was personally awarded the "Pour le Mérite" by Kaiser Wilhelm II. With two victories in December, one in January, and two on 5 February 1918, he had run his total to 30 confirmed victories. His final two victories came on 27 March. On 30 March 1918, he was downed by anti-aircraft fire. He was injured, and his plane was damaged.
On 25 April 1918 he was wounded yet again. Nevertheless, on the 29th, he took on several Royal Air Force planes of No. 74 Squadron single-handed. Bongartz had none other than Captain Mick Mannock on his tail, while Captain C. B. Glynn made a head-on firing pass at the German ace. Among the bullets that riddled Bongartz's Fokker Dr.1 Triplane was one which hit him in the left temple, took out his left eye, and stuck in his nose, obstructing his breathing. He spun almost to the ground before mastering his pain and regaining control. Despite excruciating pain and semiconsciousness, he managed a crash landing near Kemmel Hill, but flipped his plane over. He crawled from under it and still had the presence of mind to check his aircraft's damage and to bow an introduction to his rescuers and introduce himself. One German infantryman rescuer noted the grotesquerie of the eyeball dangling down Bongartz's cheek during the bow. He commented about his wound, "Yes, yes, we all take our turn."
It was the end of the war for both Bongartz and his plane. His partial blinding and loss of depth perception, ended Bongartz's war but not his aviation career. The airplane, so badly shot about that it had 28 bullet holes in the cowling alone, was scrapped.
After he recovered from his wound, he became the commander of the Aircraft Test Center at Aldershof. While serving as test pilot there, he wrote a report on the Dornier-Zeppelin D.I fighter prototype, which was the first plane to use a stressed skin/torsion box structure. Bongartz's estimate of it was, "Doesn't possess characteristics of a modern fighter. Ailerons too heavy." Nevertheless, the engineering originated by Claudius Dornier is still in use today.
Between the wars.
Once the war ended, he served as a postwar Director of the German Aeroplane Inspectorate. After helping deactivate the air service in which he had served so gallantly, he went on to fight against the Spartakists who were attempting to overthrow the German government. The leg wound he suffered in this fight finally ended his military career.
In January, 1921, he crashed while flying an exhibition flight, and was injured once more, but did not let it stop him from flying.
Later in life, he became the Director of German Air Trade. His book, "Luftmacht Deutschland" was a bestseller in 1939.
World War II and beyond.
During World War II, he originally served as an Oberstleutnant in supply during 1941 to 1942 at Pleskau on the Eastern Front. 1943 found him as a night fighter commander at Grove in Denmark. In 1944, he transferred to command of night fighter efforts in Finland. He transferred once more, and served through war's end.
He survived World War II, only to die of a heart attack on 23 January 1946, while in Rheinsberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18294123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294123" title="René Maison">
René Maison

René Maison (24 November 1895 - 11 July 1962) was a prominent Belgian operatic tenor, particularly associated with heroic roles of the French, Italian and German repertories.
Career.
Born in Frameries, Belgium, he studied in Brussels and Paris. He made his debut in Geneva in 1920, as Rodolfo in "La bohème". He also appeared in Nice and Monte Carlo, before making his debut in 1927, at the Opéra-Comique in Paris, as Prince Dimitri in Franco Alfano's "Risurrezione", opposite the soprano Mary Garden. His other roles there included Don José, Mylio, Werther, Canio, Cavaradossi, and Jean Gaussin in Massenet's "Sapho". 
He made his Paris Opéra debut at the Palais Garnier in 1929, in Henry Février's "Monna Vanna". He sang there regularly until 1940, as Faust, Lohengrin, Radames, Siegmund and Samson. In 1934, he created there the role of Eumolphe in Stravinsky's "Perséphone".
Maison also enjoyed a successful international career, appearing at the Chicago Civic Opera (1928-40), the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires (1934-37), the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in London (1931-36), and the Metropolitan Opera in New York. His Met debut occurred on February 3, 1936, as Stolzing in "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg". In eight seasons with the Met he sang Don José, Lohengrin, Samson, Julien, Florestan, Hoffmann, des Grieux and Herodes, among other roles.
In 1943, he began teaching at the Juilliard School in New York, and from 1957 until his death, at the Chalof School in Boston. Among his pupils was the baritone turned dramatic tenor Ramon Vinay. 
Maison died in Mont-d'Or, France, aged 66. He was, in terms of birth dates, the middle member of a triumverate of outstanding Belgian operatic tenors who reached their peak in the period between the two world wars. The others were the lyric-dramatic tenor Fernand Ansseau (1890-1972) and the lyric tenor Andre D'Arkor (1901-1971).
Maison possessed a powerful and penetrating voice, capable of surprising nuance, and an impressive stage presence (he stood 6 feet 4 inches tall). Posterity is fortunate that he made some commercial, 78-rpm discs of French operatic arias which demonstrate his considerable merits as a singer. 
His voice also can be heard on several important recordings of historic radio broadcasts. The best-known of these live performances are his marvelously funny, light-hearted Loge in "Das Rheingold" (conducted by Artur Bodanzky, 1937), his passionately dramatic Florestan in Bruno Walter's 1941 Metropolitan Opera broadcast of "Fidelio", and as the tenor soloist in Arturo Toscanini's 1941 Buenos Aires performance of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony.

</doc>
<doc id="18294129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294129" title="Claymont Court">
Claymont Court

Claymont Court or simply Claymont is a Georgian style brick mansion, the grandest of several built near Charles Town, West Virginia for members of the Washington family. The current house was built in 1840 by Bushrod Corbin Washington, grand-nephew of George Washington, to replace a house that was originally built in 1820, but burned in 1838. The house was purchased in 1899 by author Frank Stockton, who lived there until his death in 1902. In 1943, Claymont was bought by industrialist R.J. Funkhouser, who at the same time bought nearby Blakeley, another Washington house. In 1974 it was purchased by John G. Bennett for the purpose of an intentional community. It is currently used as a retreat center by the Claymont Society for Continuous Education.
Washington Family Era.
In the 1700s, the plot of land on which Claymont stands was owned by John Augustine Washington, the brother of George Washington. George Washington had established the Bullskin Plantation, the first property he ever owned, a few miles southwest of the Claymont property. In 1811, George Washington's grand-nephew Bushrod Corbin Washington inherited this land at the age of 21. Bushrod built a thirty-four room mansion here using ninety slaves. Bushrod's brother, John Augustine Washington III, subsequently built the Blakeley mansion 600 yards away facing Claymont. The two brothers married daughters from the Blackburn family and started their own families directly across from each other in the Blackeley and Claymont mansions.
Bushrod finished building Claymont in 1820 for $30,000; a massive sum at the time that became known as "Bushrod's folly." After completion, it was the largest house in the area. With later additions to the home, it would become the largest house in West Virginia at with 59 rooms and 25 fireplaces. Claymont may also be the northern most example of the Virginia Plantation Style mansion with wings, courtyards, and dependencies. Claymont burned down in 1838 during Bushrod's first week working in Richmond as an assemblyman in the Virginia House of Delegates. The central part of the mansion was completely rebuilt and the remainder restored. It is thought the fire started in the fireplace of the mansion's basement kitchen. Bushrod died in 1851 leaving Claymont to his son Thomas Blackburn Washington. Thomas died in 1854 leaving the estate to his eldest son Bushrod Corbin II. 
The Civil War was devastating to the Washington family, many of whom had taken refuge at Claymont. During the war, two of the young men of the house, including Thomas Blackburn Washington's youngest son James Washington, were officers in the Confederate Army under John Singleton Mosby. Both of the boys were captured in Claymont Court during Christmas furlough (holiday leave) by Union Army troops led by George Custer, who had been a roommate of one of the boys at West Point military academy. The Washington boys were taken to a Union prison camp where they both died. As punishment to Claymont estate for "harboring guerillas", General Sheridan ordered all of the cattle driven off the land (except for one milch cow) and every fence surrounding the estate's Clay Mound farm burned down. 
After the Civil War, the reconstructionist government demanded payment of back taxes for all of the years that the Washington family had paid taxes to the Confederacy rather than the Union. The Washington family could not pay, and by 1871 the family was forced to sell Claymont estate for the modest sum of $10,000 (a third of what it cost to build). Most of the family then moved to Washington State.
After the Washingtons vacated Claymont, the property changed hands a number of times. The mansion and larger estate was actually uninhabited for a few years at a time and subsequently the property began to deteriorate and the farming operations halted. Claymont operated as a self-sustaining farm, differing from plantations further in the American South. Claymont produced almost everything the inhabitants used. The property was farmed and maintained by nearly a hundred slaves as well as a couple dozen free workers. Because of Claymont's size, it was an expensive operation to keep up and later owners of the property would not have the resources or dedication to keep the estate operational.
Owners after the Washington Family.
After the Washingtons vacated, there were a number of successive owners of Claymont:
Current Use.
Of the eight remaining Washington family homes in Jefferson County, Claymont is considered the grandest. At , it is also the largest. In 1973, Claymont was added to the National Register of Historic Places, a US government list of buildings and structures deemed worthy of preservation. 
Today, Claymont operates as a non-profit retreat center run by The Claymont Society for Continuous Education, whose members focus on the systematic philosophical and psychological teachings of John G. Bennett. While Mr. Bennett was alive, Claymont operated as a nine-month Fourth Way school focused on his specific teachings, which dealt with techniques of self-reflection, self-development, and spirituality, a systems discipline called Systematics, and achieving a sustainable relationship with nature. After Bennett's death in December 1974, the nine-month basic course project continued for a few years under the direction of Bennett's students but was eventually discontinued, and Claymont opened its doors as a retreat center for many different spiritual groups, healthcare professionals, meditation groups, environmental groups, professional dancers, and many more. It maintains a strong focus on organic farming, buying local, and sustainability. Claymont even hosts WWOOFers to work on the grounds and help with local agriculture in exchange for free food and lodging. The mansion proper acts as a retreat center, having been retrofitted with showers, hot water, electricity, natural gas, and even wifi. A nearby cattle barn has been converted into a conference center. Besides the mansion proper, much of the estate grounds are currently maintained, including the front and rear mansion lawns. The old gardens, however, which were damaged in a storm, have proven too difficult to maintain and are currently unusable.
The Claymont Society for Continuous Education, in addition to hosting various retreat groups, also advocates heavily for Claymont Court's continuing physical restoration. Claymont has received grant money for restoration through the 1772 Foundation, Save America's Treasures, Jefferson County Commission, and individual donations. The Claymont Society works in tandem with the National Park Trust to lobby for continuing preservation grants. 
Among recent restorations, the mansion has a completely rebuilt second- floor veranda, new support beams for the main ballroom, and new window seals and gutter systems. The mansion can still be considered under restoration, though it is fully operational with all utilities.

</doc>
<doc id="18294136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294136" title="Lakshmi Puja">
Lakshmi Puja

Lakshmi Puja is a Hindu religious observance performed on the third day of Diwali (Amavasya). It is also performed during the Tihar festival in Nepal. During this period, people decorate their homes and exteriors with small oil lamps/candles and worship Goddess Lakshmi in order to receive prosperity and well being for their families and businesses.
According to legend, the Goddess Lakshmi, believed to be the goddess of wealth, visits all her devotees and bestows gifts and blessings to all of them. To welcome the Goddess the devotee cleans his/her house, decorates it with finery and lights and prepares sweet meats and delicacies to offer to this "mother of wealth". Supposedly, the happier she is with the visit, the more she blesses the family with health and wealth.
The Auspicious Time for Puja.
The third day of Diwali popularly known as the festival of lights, is believed to be the most auspicious day as Lakshmi Puja is performed on this day and, with pomp and ceremony, she is invited into the homes of devotees to partake of the gifts that are a part of the puja. On this very day the sun enters his second course and passes by Libra which is represented by the balance or scale. Hence, the sign of Libra is believed to suggest the balancing and closing of account books. Despite the fact that this day falls on it is regarded as very auspicious.
The day of Lakshmi-Puja falls on the dark night of Amavasya. The joyous sounds of bells and drums float in the air from the temples as worshipers invoke Goddess Lakshmi in a wondrous, holy,and sincere call to the Mother Goddess. Suddenly, that impenetrable darkness is pierced by innumerable rays of light for just a moment and in the next moment a blaze of light descends down to earth from heaven as golden-footed Deep-Lakshmi alights on earth in all her celestial glory amidst chantings of Vedic hymns. 
A sublime light of knowledge dawns upon humanity and this self-enlightenment is expressed through the twinkling lamps that illuminate the abode of the worshipers. It is believed that on this day the goddess walks through the green fields and loiters through the by-lanes and showers her blessings on mankind for glory and prosperity. 
In Nepal Laxmi Pooja is Celebrated as a part of Tihar a second national festival of Nepal after Dashain.In Nepal it is celebrated for five days including Kag(crow) Tihar,Kukur(dog) Tihar,Gai(cow)Tihar at morning and Laxmi pooja at night,Maha pooja(self pooja), Goru(Ox and Bull)Tihar and Gobardhan Pooja,and finally Bhai Tika(bhai dhooj)respectively first, second, third, fourth and fifth day. On Laxmi pooja in Nepal people buy gold and silver, precious gemstone, new utensils of copper,brass and bronze as a sign of good luck, prosperty, money and wealth and worship Laxmi with these new things at night. Nepali people perform this worship at a place cleansed with holy water, cow dung and red mud and light whole house with light, candle and lamps. From Lakshmi Pooja Deusi and Bhailo is played by gathering with friends.
Lakshmi Puja consists of a combined puja of five deities: Ganesha is worshiped at the beginning of every auspicious act as Vighneshvara; Goddess Lakshmi is worshiped in her three forms - Mahalakshmi (the goddess of wealth and money), Mahasaraswati (the goddess of books and learning), and Mahakali; Kubera (the treasurer of the gods) is also worshiped.
Lakshmi Puja for 2013 falls on Sunday, 3rd November.
Rite of a Diwali Puja.
At the beginning the houses are cleaned and a rangoli is drawn at the doorstep to welcome Goddess Lakshmi.
The Ritual Elements.
The puja requires the following elements: 
The Rite.
The Puja begins by laying down a piece of new cloth on a raised platform. Handful of grains are sprayed in the center of the cloth and a kalasha made of gold, silver, copper, is placed. Three-fourths of the kalasha is filled with water and betel nut, a flower, a coin, and some rice grains are added to it. Five kinds of leaves are arranged from different trees. If a variety is not available then leaves from a Mango tree are used. A small dish filled with rice grains is placed on the kalash. A lotus with turmeric powder are drawn over the rice grains and the idol of Goddess Lakshmi is placed over the top of the kalasha, with coins placed around it. 
The idol of Lord Ganesha is placed in front of the kalasha, on the right hand side pointing towards the South-West direction. Ink and account books of worshiper's business are kept on the platform. A lamp is lighted and the puja starts by offering turmeric, kumkum, and flowers to the Goddess Laxmi. Then haldi, kumkum, and flowers are offered to the water that is later used for the puja. Then it is prayed to river goddess, Saraswati to be the part of that water. Goddess Lakshmi is worshiped by reciting the Vedic mantras addressed to her. Then flowers are offered to the idol.
The idol of Goddess Lakshmi is placed in a plate and is bathed with water, [Panchamrita|panchamrit] (a mixture of milk, curd, ghee or clarified butter, honey, and sugar) and then with water containing gold ornament or a pearl. The idol is cleaned and placed back on the kalasha. Alternately, flowers, water and panchamrit are sprinkled on the idol. 
Offerings such as sandal paste, garland of cotton beads, saffron paste, perfume (ittar), turmeric, kumkum, abeer, and gulal are made to the Goddess. Flowers, such as the marigold flowers and leaves of Bael (wood apple tree) are also offered. An incense stick is enlighten and dhoop is performed. An offering of sweets, coconut, fruits, and tambul is made later. Puffed rice and batasha (varieties of Indian sweets) are placed near the idol. Puffed rice, batasha, coriander seeds, and cumin seeds are poured over the idol. Swastika is made on the safe in which the worshiper keeps their valuables and it is worshiped as a symbol of Lord Kubera. 
Towards the end, Aarti is performed, dedicated to Goddess Lakshmi. The Aarti is accompanied by a small bell and is performed during silent and sublime atmosphere.

</doc>
<doc id="18294142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294142" title="Aleksandra Ishimova">
Aleksandra Ishimova

Aleksandra Ishimova (Russian: Алекса́ндра Ио́сифовна (О́сиповна) Иши́мова) ( — ) — was a Russian translator, and one of the first professional Russian children's authors.
After childhood in her birthplace of Kostroma, Aleksandra Ishimova studied in private boarding schools in Saint Petersburg. In 1818 a scandal involving her father occurred, and Ishimova left Saint Petersburg together with her family to live in the northern provinces. In 1825 it was possible to return to Saint Petersburg, and to receive from Tsar Alexander I a pardon for her father. There she opened a small school and made acquaintance with Pyotr Vyazemsky, Vasily Zhukovsky and Alexander Pushkin. Ishimova was the last correspondent of Pushkin: he wrote her a letter with an enthusiastic response to her historical stories, and sent a book for translation the day of his duel with Georges-Charles de Heeckeren d'Anthès.
Ishimova published two monthly journals: "Little Star" («Звездочка», 1842—1863) for children, and "Rays of Light" («Лучи», 1850—1860) for young ladies. Her book "History of Russia in Stories for Children" («История России в рассказах для детей» 1841) was awarded the Demidov Prize in 1852. Aside from this she translated and printed a number of novel narratives for children, many included religious and moral education. The best known among them were «Рассказы старушки» (Saint Petersburg, 1839); «Священная истории в разговорах для маленьких детей», passing six editions beginning in 1841; «Колокольчик», (Saint Petersburg, 1849) for children in orphanages; «Первое чтение и первые уроки для детей» (Saint Petersburg, 1856—1860; two editions); and «Рассказы из Священной истории для крестьянских детей» (Saint Petersburg, 1878). She died at age 76 in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18294160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294160" title="Little Salmon Creek (Mendocino County)">
Little Salmon Creek (Mendocino County)

Little Salmon Creek is a westward-flowing stream in Mendocino County, California which empties into Big Salmon Creek near the town of Albion, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18294173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294173" title="McWhirter">
McWhirter

McWhirter and Macwhirter, MacWhirter are Anglicisations of the Scottish Gaelic "Mac an Chruiteir", meaning "son of the harpist or fiddler". The name is derived from the Gaelic "cruitear", meaning "harpist", "fiddler". The Scottish name is generally found in Ayrshire. The surnames can be represented in modern Scottish Gaelic as Mac a' Chruiteir.

</doc>
<doc id="18294175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294175" title="Thomas Kennedy (Australian politician)">
Thomas Kennedy (Australian politician)

Thomas Kennedy (1860 – 16 February 1929) was an Australian politician. Born in Gisborne, Victoria, he received a primary education and was a farmer by the age of 17. In 1894, he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the member for Benalla and Yarrawonga, a position he held until 1901. In that year, he transferred to federal politics, winning the Australian House of Representatives seat of Moira for the Protectionist Party at the first federal election. Kennedy's seat of Moira was abolished in 1906; he contested Echuca instead, but was narrowly defeated by Albert Palmer. He retired from politics and became a farmer at Buffalo. Kennedy died in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="18294178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294178" title="Indrasena Reddy">
Indrasena Reddy

Indrasena Reddy is a national secretary of Bharatiya Janata Party. He hails from Andhra Pradesh state in India. He was earlier president of the state unit of the party.

</doc>
<doc id="18294185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294185" title="Heartbreak To Hate">
Heartbreak To Hate

"Heartbreak to Hate" is a song by the Scottish rock band Angelfish from their self-titled debut album. It was released in 1994, and the only single released from the album. A music video was made for the single.

</doc>
<doc id="18294251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294251" title="James Ronald">
James Ronald

James Black Ronald (27 August 1861 – 27 July 1941) was an Australian politician. Born in Scotland, he was educated at Edinburgh University and became a Presbyterian clergyman. Migrating to Australia in 1888, he became a clergyman in Melbourne. In 1901, he attempted to gain Protectionist endorsement to contest the Australian House of Representatives seat of Southern Melbourne; when he was unsuccessful, he turned to the Labor Party, which endorsed him instead. Ronald won the seat, one of only two Victorian Labor members elected in the first federal election. Ronald's seat was abolished in 1906, and he attempted to gain Labor endorsement to contest the neighbouring Melbourne Ports. When this endorsement was given to James Mathews instead, Ronald contested the seat as an independent Labor candidate, but was unsuccessful. He rejoined the ALP after the election, but was one of many Labor members to leave in 1916 over the issue of conscription, eventually ending up in the Nationalist Party. Ronald died in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18294252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294252" title="Joseph-Arsène Bonnier">
Joseph-Arsène Bonnier

Joseph-Arsène Bonnier (born November 25, 1879 in Saint-Urbain, Quebec, Canada-August 20, 1962) was a Canadian politician, contractor, person of independent means and undertaker. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in a 1938 by-election for the riding of St. Henry to represent the Liberal Party. He was re-elected in 1945, 1949, 1953 and 1957. Prior to his federal political career, he was an alderman for Montreal, Quebec between 1936 and 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="18294254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294254" title="Claire Foy">
Claire Foy

Claire Foy (born 16 April 1984) is an English actress, best known for playing the title role in the BBC One production of "Little Dorrit", Anna in the 2011 film "Season of the Witch", and Erin Matthews in the Channel 4 series "The Promise".
Personal life.
Foy was born in Stockport, and she grew up in Manchester and Leeds, the youngest of three children. Her family later moved to Longwick, Buckinghamshire for her father's job, a salesman for Rank Xerox. Her parents divorced when she was aged eight. She attended Aylesbury High School, a girls' grammar school, from the age of twelve; she then attended Liverpool John Moores University, studying drama and screen studies. She also trained in a one year course at the Oxford School of Drama. She graduated in 2007 and moved to Peckham to share a house "with five friends from drama school".
Career.
While at the Oxford School of Drama, Foy appeared in the plays "Top Girls", "Watership Down", "Easy Virtue" and "Touched". After appearing on television, she made her professional stage debut in "DNA" and "The Miracle", two of a trio of one acts directed by Paul Miller at the Royal National Theatre in London; the other one act was "Baby Girl". She starred as the main protagonist Amy Dorrit in BBC mini-series "Little Dorrit", and was nominated for an RTS Award. She went on to appear in TV movie "Going Postal" and in the Medieval adventure film "Season of the Witch" alongside Nicolas Cage. She also starred in the BBC revival of "Upstairs Downstairs" as Lady Persephone. Foy co-starred in the Channel 4 mini-series "The Promise", broadcast in February 2011, which she described in an interview at the time as her "favourite job ever". She played a lead role of Helen in the TV movie "The Night Watch", which was based on a Sarah Waters novel. She is returning to the stage in February 2013 as Lady Macbeth, alongside James McAvoy in the title role, in "Macbeth" at the Trafalgar Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="18294267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294267" title="Reedy Creek Emergency Services">
Reedy Creek Emergency Services

Reedy Creek Fire Department is the full service fire and emergency medical services organization that provides protection for the Reedy Creek Improvement District. Walt Disney World is the largest taxpayer and primary landowner.
Currently consisting of four fire stations and approximately 160 full-time firefighters, officers and paramedics, the department responds to over 29,000 alarms each year. The department operates four engine companies, two truck companies and eight advance life support ambulances. (Reedy Creek Improvement District Annual Report.)
The fire department began operations in 1968 and occupied the first structure on Walt Disney World Property (a mobile home) and provided protection from the earliest days of the development of the first theme park (Magic Kingdom) until today. Initially the department consisted of seven firefighters operating a four wheel drive tanker (tender).
The department is led by a fire chief and utilizes the same paramilitary rank structure of most departments in the southeastern U.S.
9-1-1 services are operated by the Fire Department as the Public Safety Answering Point. Disney, in fact, operated the first ever 9-1-1 system in Florida beginning in the late 1960s. The responsibility for answering 9-1-1 calls was transferred to RCFD from Disney Security in the 1970s. The RCFD 9-1-1 system is unusual in that most 9-1-1 Public Safety Answering Points are in the hands of law enforcement agencies that transfer fire and EMS calls to the proper second or third service. RCFD transfers police calls to Orange County Sheriff's Office and Osceola County Sheriff's Department depending upon jurisdiction.
RCFD has experienced several name changes. Reedy Creek Fire Department became Reedy Creek Fire Services and then Reedy Creek Emergency Services. The more traditional fire department name has returned to use in recent history.
Services offered by RCFD include advanced life support emergency medical service, fire suppression, fire prevention and code enforcement, training, public education and the support of fire control systems.
The RCFD is covered by a bargaining agent and the Reedy Creek Improvement District has a labor agreement with International Association of Fire Fighters Local 2117. The department is thoroughly unionized including many of its officers. (RCID/Local 2117 Labor Agreement.)
The RCFD has within its employee the largest percentage of Florida Certified Fire Inspectors of any community its size. This may be one reason that in its forty year history the community has never had the loss of single human life due to structure fire. This is a remarkable accomplishment for a community with an estimated average population of 250,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18294287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294287" title="Joseph Steven Yang">
Joseph Steven Yang


</doc>
<doc id="18294306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294306" title="Prabhat Jha (politician)">
Prabhat Jha (politician)

Prabhat Jha is a member of Rajya Sabha from Madhya Pradesh state in India. He was the Madhya Pradesh Bharatiya Janata Party President till December 2012. Presently he is the National Vice President of Bharatiya Janata Party
Jha is also editor of BJP Mouth Piece Kamal Sandesh. At present he has also responsibility of Madhya Pradesh BJP President.
Background, family and education.
Jha was born in Sitamarhi, Bihar. He did his schooling from Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh India. He was a journalist before joining politics.
Jha is married to Ranjana Jha and they have two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="18294309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294309" title="Pharez Phillips">
Pharez Phillips

Pharez Phillips (22 November 1855 – 9 August 1914) was an Australian politician. 
Biography.
Born in Mount Blackwood, Victoria, he was educated at Grenville College in Ballarat before becoming a shopkeeper, farmer, and St Arnaud Town Councillor where he was three times president. He was a notable community leader in the Wimmera area. In 1896, he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Council for North Western Province, and was made an Honorary Minister in 1900. He resigned this position in 1901 in order to contest the first federal election, winning the Australian House of Representatives seat of Wimmera for the Protectionist Party. He held the seat until his retirement in 1906. Phillips died in 1914 in Ayr, Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="18294338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294338" title="Elizabeth Benjamin (journalist)">
Elizabeth Benjamin (journalist)

Elizabeth Benjamin (born c. 1972) is a reporter for NY1 and Your News Now, serving as the editor-in-chief of "State of Politics," a blog covering the politics of the state of New York, and as the host of the daily political news and interview show "Capital Tonight". She has been employed with YNN and NY1 since April 2011. Prior to this, previously wrote a column for the "New York Daily News", also covering state and city politics, and before her post at the "News", she reported for the "Albany Times-Union" and blogged under its Capitol Confidential blog. 
She currently appears as a political pundit on radio shows such as WNYC's the "Brian Lehrer Show" and on TV shows on channels such as CUNY-TV and NY1.

</doc>
<doc id="18294347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294347" title="Kiran Ghai">
Kiran Ghai

Kiran Ghai (born 23 August 1949) is a national vice president of the Bharatiya Janata Party. She is an MLC in Bihar state in India, and Chairperson of Child Protection and Women empowerment committee of Bihar Legislative Council.
Earlier she was the national secretary of BJP. She is also a reader in the department of Hindi Patna Women's College, a constituent unit of Patna University, Patna. She has been a jury member for the 48th and 50th Indian Nation Film Awards, in the categories of feature and non-feature films. She has been a local board member (Eastern Zone, Reserve Bank of India). Mrs. Kiran Ghai is also a poet and a playwright. She is resident of Mainpuri, Patna.

</doc>
<doc id="18294352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294352" title="Sydney Sampson">
Sydney Sampson

Sydney Sampson (1863 – 24 March 1948) was an Australian politician.
Biography.
Born in Creswick, Victoria, he was educated there and became a journalist with the country papers. Moving to Warracknabeal in 1883, he became a farmer and newspaper proprietor. Sampson's nephew was the future Prime Minister of Australia Robert Menzies. In 1906, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the member for Wimmera; although endorsed by the Anti-Socialist Party, he campaigned as an independent Protectionist, and sat in the House as such. In 1909, he joined the Commonwealth Liberal Party that was formed from the fusion of the Protectionists and the Anti-Socialists. In 1917 the Liberal Party merged with Labor defectors to form the Nationalist Party. Sampson held his seat until 1919, when he was defeated by a Country Party candidate. He retired from politics to become a company director and newspaper owner, and died in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18294365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294365" title="Chinese New Hymnal">
Chinese New Hymnal

The Chinese New Hymnal ( in ) was published during the early 1980s and is the predominantly most used hymn book at the worship of the Protestant churches in the present-day China.
Chinese New Hymnal.
The Chinese New Hymnal was bugun being edited in 1980 when persecution against religion, especially against Christianity, during the Cultural Revolution subsided and public Christian worship restarted, with the intention to collect both domestic and overseas hymns. Its "Simple notation (in ) version", using the numbered musical notation system, was published in 1983 and "staff musical notation version" 1985. The former version is predominantly used in the present-day China.
The Chinese New Hymnal includes 400 hymns, with the addendum of 40 "Short Songs". In addition to the songs from Europe and the Americas, special effort was made to collect the songs written by the Chinese people. It was printed by Amity Printing Co. and published by China Christian Council. "The English-Chinese Bilingual New Hymnal" was later published, in 1998, but is hard to obtain.
This hymnal features two indexes. The first one arranges hymns according to the first notes in the melody and the second one to the first line of text.
The Protestant churches in the present-day China almost exclusively select the worship songs from this hymn book. A new printing of the Chinese Union Version Bible by the Amity Foundation in 2004 also incorporates this hymnal under the same volume. Some of the Chinese-written songs have been adopted by the hymnals of other countries.
An additional collection of 200 songs used in worship have been compiled and published as a separate volume in October 2009. This addition contains some much-needed titles suited for various occasions as well as newly written pieces. About a quarter of the titles are locally made and the remainder are imported and Chinese lyrics set. The songs are indexed twice in the same fashion as its predecessor. Versions both in numerical and staff notation versions are available. Most of the titles were copyrighted at time of publication.
Protestant Worship in China.
The Chinese Union Version of the Bible, the Chinese New Hymnal, the Lord's Prayer as it is written in the Chinese Union Version and the Apostles' Creed are usually used in the Protestant worship in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18294367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294367" title="Matthew Glantz">
Matthew Glantz

Matthew "Matt" Glantz is a professional poker player from Lafayette Hill, Pennsylvania.
Glantz has had success at the World Series of Poker and other poker tournaments. At the 2005 World Series of Poker, Glantz finished runner-up to Andre Boyer, which was also his highest finish in a WSOP tournament, in the $3,000 No Limit Hold'em event which earned him $364,620. 
His biggest cash at the World Series of Poker was in 2008, where he finished 4th in the $50,000 H.O.R.S.E. world championship and earned $568,320. On October 2, 2009 He won the EPT High Roller tournament in London for $866,537.
As of 2011, his total live tournament winnings are almost $3,700,000. His 11 cashes at the WSOP account for $1,342,247 of those winnings.

</doc>
<doc id="18294392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294392" title="Hugh McClelland">
Hugh McClelland

Hugh McClelland (27 December 1875 – 14 December 1958) was an Australian politician.
Biography.
Born in Smeaton, Victoria, he was educated at state schools before becoming a farmer at Berriwillock. He was also a Wycheproof Shire Councillor. In 1931, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Country Party member for Wimmera. He held the seat until 1937, when he was defeated by an independent Country candidate. McClelland died in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="18294393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294393" title="Little River (Mendocino County)">
Little River (Mendocino County)

Little River (Wiyot: p'lèt kacamale "rocks-small" ) is a westward-flowing stream in Mendocino County, California which empties into the Pacific Ocean in Van Damme State Park near the town of Little River, California. Big River enters the Pacific about farther north.
Tributaries include Laguna Creek, North Fork Little River, Two Log Creek, Russell Brook, and Rice Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="18294399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294399" title="The Pure Land">
The Pure Land

The Pure Land is a novel written by David Foster. The novel was published in 1974, and was Foster’s first. It was the winner of the first The Age Book of the Year award.
It is divided into four parts. Part One is set in 1930s Katoomba, New South Wales where the middle-aged landscape photographer Albert Manwaring travels to America with his daughter. Part Two, during the 1960s, focuses on Manwaring's daughter, Jean (or Janet) living in America and discusses originality of art, especially Australian, European and American art. In Part Three, in 1970, Janet's son, Danny, becomes a scientist and intellectual, Albert Manwaring’s antithesis. In Part Four Danny intends to move to Australia, where his family is originally from, and ends up in Katoomba.

</doc>
<doc id="18294414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294414" title="Aerodrome Abbeville">
Aerodrome Abbeville

The Aerodrome Abbeville () or Abbeville Airport, , is an airport serving Abbeville and located in Buigny-Saint-Maclou, north-northeast of Abbeville, both "communes" of the Somme "département" in the Picardie "région" of France.
History.
It is not known when exactly the airfield was built, but it was in use with the British Expeditionary Forces in 1940. Detachments of No. 607 Squadron RAF with Gloster Gladiator biplanes were based here along with No. 151 Squadron RAF Hawker Hurricanes before they were withdrawn to English bases in June 1940 during the Battle of France.
It was sized by the Luftwaffe and became a German Fliegerhorst. The Luftwaffe immediately began preparing for the Battle of Britain and the airfield became home to Zerstörergeschwader 76 (ZG 76) 'Schlageter' with Bf-110Cs onto the airfield along with Fw 190As of Jagdgeschwader 26 (JG 26). Judging from the layout of the airfield, it was the Luftwaffe that upgraded the airfield with three concrete runways in the familiar triangle configuration. The airfield was a major German fighter base between 1940 and 1943 with over 50 aircraft based here. JG 26 gained a considerable reputation with Allied pilots, who referred to the yellow nosed Bf109s as the "Abbeville Boys". although they were never permanently at the base. Instead the Gruppen and Staffeln of the Geschwader moved from base to base throughout occupied Europe and used Abbeville only as their home base. Fom 1941 the first two Gruppen of JG 26 converted to the Fw190D. III./JG 26 began conversion, but converted back and remained with the Bf 109 until the end of the war.
Abbeville was liberated by Polish troops around 3 September 1944. Soon after repairs to the battle damage to the airfield was begun. The airfield was only sparsely used however.
Only by March 1945 did a new unit arrive: 61st Troop Carrier Group (USAAF), who remained at the airfield until May. They never brought their C-47 Skytrain squadrons to the airfield though, as those were needed in England in preparation for Operation Varsity. It did provide services in the European theatre, hauling fuel, ammunition, food, medicine and other supplies, as well as performing Medevac flights. After the war the airfield was abandoned.
Today most of the airfield has been converted for other uses. Its former three runways are still recognisable from the air, but only one remains (partially) in use. While the east-west runways has almost completely been overgrown (or even removed), the former 13/31 concrete runway is still largely intact, although several buildings have been placed on it. Only the 02/20 runway is still fully visible, although a newer but smaller asphalt runway has been laid out on its surface. Two smaller grass runways compensate for the loss of the larger concrete runways. One building at the airfield appears to have been from World War II and remains in use.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 02/20 with a concrete surface measuring .
Airlines and destinations.
No scheduled commercial air service at this time.

</doc>
<doc id="18294426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294426" title="Tommy Blade">
Tommy Blade

Tommy Blade (born in Bogotá, Colombia) is an American adult-film actor in gay pornography. Apart from his work in the adult-film industry, he is a fitness instructor in Tampa, Florida, and was a former Air Force recruit.
Born in Bogotá, Columbia, he was adopted as a baby by a couple from Minneapolis, Minnesota. After high school he joined the U.S. Air Force, and was based in Germany. He moved to Florida where he worked as a manager at a fitness center, and as a personal trainer.
In October 2005 he sent his pictures to Falcon Studios where he starred in several films, in 2007 he signed as an exclusive to All Worlds Video through Channel 1 Releasing. He had a cameo in the 2006 comedy film "". He was the cover model for "Instinct", in October 2006.
In a 2007 interview he talked about the struggle of doing porn part time every few months and finding more traditional work in a tough economy. He also expressed he would not do the film work if he found it frustrating. In 2008, he became a Fleshjack model to help relaunch the products' website.

</doc>
<doc id="18294445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294445" title="Anthony Pratkanis">
Anthony Pratkanis

Anthony R. Pratkanis is Professor of Psychology at the University of California in Santa Cruz, California. Pratkanis is an expert on economic fraud crimes, terrorist and dictator propaganda, marketing and consumer behavior, and subliminal persuasion.
Career.
In 1984, Pratkanis received his Ph.D. in Social Psychology from Ohio State University. Pratkanis's main psychological interests are social and group psychology, persuasion and social influence, communications, prejudice and stereotypes.
For his courses on Social Influence and Social Psychology, Anthony Pratkanis received the UCSC's "Excellence in Teaching Award". He was elected as a fellow to the American Psychological Association in 1995.
In February 2011 Pratkanis was elected as a Fellow of the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
On May 29, 2011 Pratkanis lectured on "Influence and Persuasion in Selling Flimflam" at the 2nd annual SkeptiCalCon event held in Berkeley, California, where he jokingly touted himself as "America's most beloved social psychologist," and ironically detailed how to use propaganda and other persuasive techniques to set yourself up as a con man selling non-scientific ideas to a gullible public.

</doc>
<doc id="18294455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294455" title="Saroj Pandey">
Saroj Pandey

Saroj Pandey () has been elected to the 15th Lok Sabha from Durg (Lok Sabha constituency). and national president of mahila morcha (woman wing) of Janta Party] . She was appointed national secretary of Bharatiya Janata Party in early 2008. She has also held party positions at state level. On 8 December 2008, she won election as the first MLA of Vaishali Nagar, a newly formed Vidhan Sabha constituency in Chattisgarh. Prior to that, she was the mayor of Durg for two terms. 
World record for holding the post of a Mayor, M.L.A. and M.P. at the same time and this record is nominated for Guinness Book and Limca Book of Records; also holds the record for having longest term as a Mayor from Durg, for continuous 10 years; received the Best Mayor award.
Social and Cultural Activities - Arranged Teej Milan, Sawan mela, Ram Nawami, Mahotsava, during the tenure of Mayor; worked for social empowerment by arranging Talent Search programme such as Durg Ideal, Cricket and Rangoli Competition.
Special Interests - Speech, planning and research for development activities.
Sports and Clubs - Executive member of Jattar Club, Durg., Member of Horticulture Society, Durg.
Favourite Pastimes and Recreation - Gardening, reading, listening music, debate, interior decoration.

</doc>
<doc id="18294457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294457" title="McWilliams">
McWilliams

McWilliams is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18294467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294467" title="Loh Gwo Burne">
Loh Gwo Burne

Loh Gwo Burne (Chinese: 羅國本, b. 26 February 1974 in London, England) is a Malaysian politician. He was the member of the Malaysian Parliament for Kelana Jaya, Selangor and a member of the Keadilan party in the Pakatan Rakyat opposition coalition.
Loh first gained fame when a video that he shot lead to a Royal Commission of Inquiry into the manipulation of judicial appointments. In the 2008 election, he was named by Keadilan to contest the seat of Kelana Jaya, and subsequently defeated Barisan Nasional candidate Lee Hwa Beng and independent Billi Lim. He is not nominated by PKR to defend the parliamentary seat in the 2013 general election
Loh attended primary school at Sam Teck and secondary school at Poi Lam as well as ACS in Singapore. He has a degree in law from London and a master in law from China, though he has no intention to practice law.

</doc>
<doc id="18294471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294471" title="Alexander Wilson (Australian politician)">
Alexander Wilson (Australian politician)

Alexander Wilson (7 June 1880 – 26 January 1954) was an Australian wheat farmer and politician. 
Biography.
Born in County Down, Ulster, Ireland (now in Northern Ireland), he was educated at Belfast and migrated to Australia in 1908, becoming a farmer at Ultima, Victoria. He was prominent as a leader of Victorian wheatgrowers. In 1937, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the member for Wimmera, running as an independent Country candidate and defeating Country Party member Hugh McClelland. In 1941 he joined with the House's other independent, Arthur Coles, in voting against the budget of Country Party Prime Minister Arthur Fadden, bringing down Fadden's government and handing the premiership to Labor's John Curtin. After this, Wilson supported the Curtin government. He held the seat until his retirement on 31 December 1945 to become the Administrator of Norfolk Island, a position he held until 1952. He retired to a farm at Swan Hill and died in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="18294477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294477" title="Get Me Some">
Get Me Some

"Get Me Some" is the debut single by Australian group, Mercury4 released in 2003 from their self-titled debut album Mercury4. "Get Me Some" debuted and peaked at #5 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart, but descended from then on and lasted a relatively short eight weeks on the chart. "Get Me Some" remains Mercury4's most successful single and only top ten single to date.

</doc>
<doc id="18294487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294487" title="Sada Cumber">
Sada Cumber

Sada Cumber assumed his duties as Special Envoy to the Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC) on March 3, 2008, with his term ending January 20, 2009. As Special Envoy, Mr. Cumber served as the U.S. representative to the OIC, and promoted mutual understanding and dialogue between the United States and Muslim communities around the world. Previously, Mr. Cumber also served as the Honorary Consul of the Republic of Malta in Austin.
Early history and personal life.
Mr. Cumber was born in Karachi, Pakistan in 1951. He holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce and a Master’s Degree in History, both from the University of Karachi. Mr. Cumber came to the United States in 1978 and has been an American citizen since 1986.
Career history.
Cumber is the co-founder of an investment and wealth consultancy, CACH Capital Management, and some ten other enterprises.
Prior to his appointment, Mr. Cumber was an entrepreneur and investor based in Austin, Texas. Mr. Cumber’s business background is in senior management, marketing, and imaging technology. As an entrepreneur, Mr. Cumber has specialized in national and global network strategy, strategic marketing, business planning and institution building.
Mr. Cumber has founded 11 companies in technology-based industries, including Texas Global, an international strategic advising firm, and CACH Capital Management, an investment advisory and wealth management firm. Prior to his appointment as Special Envoy, Mr. Cumber also served as Chairman of the Board of TCMS-LLC, an intellectual property development company, and as Chairman of Sozotek Inc., an imaging technology company. Mr. Cumber has also served on numerous corporate boards and as a speaker at the meetings of several national and international organizations, on topics including the ethics of persuasion, entrepreneurship and governance.
Sada also serves as the Principal in Texas Global-LLP, a partnership that manages the strategic intersection between Business, Government and Public Affairs.
Prior to founding Texas Global, Mr. Cumber founded SozoTek, a wireless imaging company. Sada also served as Chairman & CEO of Psionic Technologies, Inc., an Internet Security software company acquired by Cisco Systems (NASDAQ: CSCO) in 2002. In 1995, he co-founded Applied Science Fiction, a company specializing in a digital dry film process whose technologies were recently acquired by Kodak (NYSE: EK). Sada previously owned Triumph Flexo Industries which was acquired by American Greetings (NYSE: AM) in 1994.
Philanthropic work.
Mr. Cumber has been active in the public sphere, serving on the boards of various Texas-based and international organizations, including the Board of Directors of the Texas Economic Development Board (a $300 million fund), the Texas Emerging Technology Fund (a $200 million fund), the 15th World Congress on Information Technology, the Texas Business Council, and the Governor’s Task Force on Higher Education. Mr. Cumber has also been active in civic organizations, advisory councils, and charitable foundations.
Sada has served on numerous boards, civic/community organizations, advisory councils and foundations. He is regularly invited by national and international organizations to speak on Ethics of Persuasion, Entrepreneurship and Governance. He has been extensively written and quoted in numerous national and international publications such as "Forbes", "The Wall Street Journal", "Scribe Business" (German), "Austin American Statesman", "Business Journal" and other publications.
Community involvement:
Appointment as Special Envoy to OIC.
Bush, who first indicated in June 2007 that he would send an envoy to the OIC, was to meet with Cumber and then make his choice public at 2:10 p.m. (1910 GMT), spokeswoman Dana Perino told reporters.
“It is an important organization, it has a constructive role to play in the world, and the president is signalling our desire to have a greater dialogue with the organization as well as Muslims around the world,” she said.
Cumber is currently chairman and chief executive officer of wireless imaging company SozoTek.
Asked why Bush’s search for an envoy had taken as long as it had, Perino replied: “He wanted to find the right person and he found that in Sada Cumber.” 
He was recently appointed Honorary Consul for the country Malta.

</doc>
<doc id="18294493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294493" title="Garhi Matani">
Garhi Matani

Ghari Matani is village in Attock District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is situated to the south of the river Indus and has fertile lands which are very well cultivated. The population are Pashtun and speak Pashto. The religion is Sunni Islam. A notable inscription is located in the area.
It is situated to the south of the river Indus and has good fertile lands which are very well cultivated. The population is all Pashtun and speak Pushto belongs to Qais Abdur Rashid(Qays Abdul Al-Rashid Pashtun)(father of all pashtuns). Mostly descendants of the tribes of muradkhel syedkhel inamkhel and khankhel known as Lodi Pashtun tribe,and follow pashtunwali code of conduct. The religion is Sunni Islam. The origins of the village are unknown but it could be a 100–200 years old.
As of recent study into the history of the area, there has been some evidence which suggests the village may have been a pashtun army camp under Ahmad Shah Abdali. Invading armies from Afghanistan were usually camped next to the river Indus. And from there they would carry further military expeditions into Hindustan. Further research into the area is being carried out now to confirm these findings.

</doc>
<doc id="18294494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294494" title="Aloe striata">
Aloe striata

Aloe striata (the Coral Aloe) is a small, stemless South African Aloe.
The leaves of this Aloe are not toothed, but have a smooth pink margin. 
The Coral Aloe's species name, ""striata"", means "stripes", and refers to the long lines on its blue-green leaves. Due to the similarity of their species names, "A. striata" is sometimes confused in literature with "A. striatula" (the Hardy Aloe) - a very different plant, found in the highlands of the Eastern Cape. 
It forms part of the "Paniculatae" series of very closely related "Aloe" species, together with "Aloe reynoldsii" and "Aloe karasbergensis". 
A hybrid between "A. striata" and "A. maculata" is very popular in the gardening trade and is used for water-wise landscaping worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="18294507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294507" title="Guitar picking">
Guitar picking

Guitar picking is a collection of techniques for setting a string into motion to produce an audible note; that is, plucking or strumming the strings on a guitar. Picking can be done:-
Comparison of plectrum and finger picking techniques.
The pros of each guitar picking style are indirectly correlated to the cons of the other.
Fingerstyle techniques.
Plucking patterns.
To achieve tremolo effects, varied arpeggios, and rapid, fluent scale passages, the player must practice alternation, that is, never plucking a string with the same finger twice. 
Using p to indicate the thumb, i the index finger, m the middle finger and a the ring finger, common alternation patterns include:
In some genres, such as folk or county, the player can "lock in" to a picking pattern for the whole song, or even the whole performance, since these forms of music are based on maintaining a steady rhythm. However, in other genres, such as classical, flamenco or fingerstyle jazz it will become necessary to switch fluently between patterns.
Tone production.
Particularly close attention is placed on tone production in classical guitar playing, although most of their techniques are applicable to other styles. Classical techniques include:
Strums.
Some of the many possible fingerstyle strums include 
Plectrum techniques.
The problem of playing notes on non adjacent string can be resolved by practicing the technique of string skipping.
In order to achieve speed, plectrum pickers must learn a method of mixing up- and down-strokes.
Lead.
Flatpicking.
The melodic style in bluegrass is often fast and dynamic, with slides, hammer-ons, pull-offs, powerful strumming and rapid crosspicking. Bluegrass flatpickers usually prefer guitars with a flat top rather than an arch top, and steel strings rather than nylon. The archetypal flatpicking guitar is the 'Dreadnought' series made by C.F. Martin & Company.
Alternate picking.
Alternate picking is a guitar playing technique that employs strictly alternating downward and upward picking strokes in a continuous run, and is the most common method of plectrum playing. If this technique is performed on a single note at a high speed, then it may also be referred to as tremolo picking.
Sweep picking.
Sweep picking is a picking technique in which a 'sweeping' motion of the pick is combined with a matching fret hand technique in order to produce a specific series of notes which are fast and fluid in sound. Despite being commonly known as sweep "picking", both hands essentially perform an integral motion in unison to achieve the desired effect.
Economy picking.
A combination of sweep picking and alternate picking, economy picking involves using alternate picking except when changing strings. In this case the guitarist changes to sweep picking, picking in the direction of travel: an upstroke if changing to a lower (pitch) string, a downstroke if changing to a higher (pitch) string.
Gypsy picking.
The picking technique of gypsy jazz has been described as similar to economy picking, but performed with rest strokes.
For instance, on switching from the G to the B string, the plectrum will move in the same direction and come to rest on the E string. This technique has become associated with Django Reinhardt in the 1930s, but was also employed by plectrum banjo players, mandolinists and many pre-electric jazz guitarists seeking a strong, projecting acoustic sound on their instruments.
Rhythm.
La Pompe.
"La Pompe" is the rhythmic pattern used in gypsy jazz. This form of percussive rhythm is similar to the "boom-chick" in bluegrass styles. The first beat is a staccato chord, produced by a down stroke; the fretting hand immediately afterward releases the strings slightly in order to deaden them. The next beat is a percussive strum, produced by a down stroke, while all strings are still deadened by the fretting fingers. The pattern then repeats, but before every first beat, an upstroke is performed very quickly (typically with the strings still deadened), giving the music its heavy swing feel.
Other techniques.
Anchoring.
Anchoring is a practice in both fingerstyle and plectrum where part of the picking hand, usually the little finger or "pinky" touches the guitar body. Although anchoring is common, many guitar teachers advise against it. The contrary approach is known as "floating".
Hybrid picking.
Hybrid picking is mixture of plectrum picking and finger picking. Normally the player holds the pick with thumb and index finger, picking the string, and utilizing the middle and ring finger to finger pick adjacent strings.
Hammer-on and pull-off.
Hammer-on is a stringed instrument playing technique performed (especially on fretted string instruments such as guitar) by sharply bringing a fretting-hand finger down on the fingerboard behind a fret, causing a note to sound. This technique is the opposite of the pull-off. Traditionally, this technique is supplemental to conventional picking, being used to achieve legato and ornamentation effects. This is connected to the fact that hammering imparts less energy to a string, so that hammered notes are less audible. With electric instruments, it becomes possible to use these techniques much more extensively.
Tapping.
Tapping is a guitar playing technique, where a string is fretted and set into vibration as part of a single motion of being pushed onto the fretboard, as opposed to the standard technique being fretted with one hand and picked with the other. It is similar to the technique of hammer-ons and pull-offs, but used in an extended way compared to them: hammer-ons would be performed by only the fretting hand, and in conjunction with conventionally picked notes; whereas tapping passages involve both hands and consist of only tapped, hammered and pulled notes. Tapping is used exclusively by some players (such as Stanley Jordan) and on some instruments, such as the Chapman Stick.

</doc>
<doc id="18294512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294512" title="Werth">
Werth

Werth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18294513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294513" title="First Battle of Tembien">
First Battle of Tembien

The First Battle of Tembien was a battle fought on the northern front of what was known as the Second Italo-Abyssinian War. This battle consisted of attacks and counterattacks by Italian forces under Marshal Pietro Badoglio and Ethiopian forces under "Ras" Kassa Haile Darge. This battle was primarily fought around Warieu Pass in what was then the Tembien Province of Ethiopia.
Background.
On 3 October 1935, General Emilio De Bono advanced into Ethiopia from Eritrea without a declaration of war. De Bono had a force of approximately 100,000 Italian soldiers and 25,000 Eritrean soldiers to advance towards Addis Ababa. In December, after a brief period of inactivity and minor setbacks for the Italians, De Bono was replaced by Badoglio.
Haile Selassie launched the Christmas Offensive late in the year to test Badoglio. Initially successful, the goals of this offensive were overly ambitious.
As the progress of the "Christmas Offensive" slowed, Italian plans to renew the advance on the "northern front" got under way. In addition to being granted permission to use poison gas, Badoglio received additional ground forces. The elements of the Italian III Corps and the Italian IV Corps arrived in Eritrea during early 1936. By mid-January, Badoglio was ready to renew the advance on the Ethiopian capital. Badoglio overwhelmed the armies of ill-armed and uncoordinated Ethiopian warriors with mustard gas, tanks, and heavy artillery.
Preparation.
In early January 1936, the Ethiopian forces were in the hills everywhere overlooking the Italian positions and launching attacks against them on a regular basis. Italian dictator Benito Mussolini was impatient for an Italian offensive to get under way and for the Ethiopians to be swept from the field. In response to his frequent exhortations, Badoglio cabled Mussolini: "It has always been my rule to be meticulous in preparation so that I may be swift in action."
The Ethiopians facing the Italians were in three groupings. In the center, near Abiy Addi and along the Beles River in the Tembien, were "Ras" Kassa with approximately 40,000 men and "Ras" Seyum Mangasha with about 30,000 men. On the Ethiopian right was "Ras" Mulugeta Yeggazu and his army of approximately 80,000 men in positions atop Amba Aradam. "Ras" Imru Haile Selassie with approximately 40,000 men was on the Ethiopian left in the area around Seleh Leha in the Shire Province.
Badoglio had five army corps at his disposal. On his right, he had the Italian IV Corps and the Italian II Corps facing "Ras" Imru in the Shire. In the Italian center was the Eritrean Corps facing "Ras" Kassa and "Ras" Seyoum in the Tembien. Facing "Ras" Mulugeta atop Amba Aradam was the Italian I Corps and the Italian III Corps.
Initially, Badoglio saw the destruction of "Ras" Mulugeta's army as his first priority. Mulugeta's force would have to be dislodged from its strong positions on Amba Aradam in order for the Italians to continue the advance towards Addis Ababa. But "Ras" Kassa and "Ras" Seyoumm were exerting such pressure from the Tembien that Badoglio decided that he would have to deal with them first. If the Ethiopian center was successful, the I Corps and III Corps facing "Ras" Mulugeta would be cut off from reinforcement and resupply.
On 19 January, the day before the offensive in the Tembien began, Badoglio ordered General Ettore Bastico, commander of the III Corps, to leave Makale and occupy Nebri and Negada. By doing this, Badoglio effectively closed the road to the Tembian to "Ras" Mulugeta, preventing him from sending reinforcements to "Ras" Kassa and "Ras" Seyoum.
Battle.
On 20 January, Badoglio launched the First Battle of the Tembien. On the left of the Eritrean Corps, the 2nd Eritrean Division advanced in two columns through the area around Abaro Pass. On the right of the Eritrean Corps, the 2nd "28th October" Blackshirt Division advanced towards the torrent that was the Beles River. The Italian III Corps held Nebri and Negada. 
After some initial confusion where forces on both sides ended up in temporarily isolated positions, the Ethiopians managed to push the advancing Italians back. By the end of the day, the 2nd Eritrean Division fell back to positions around Abaro Pass and the 2nd Blackshirt Division on the Italian right was driven back to the Warieu Pass where it and the garrison were surrounded and besieged. For three days the Ethiopians launched wave after wave of attacks against the Italians cut off at Warieu Pass. 
Badoglio moved up the 1st Eritrean Division to join the 2nd Eritrean Division at Abaro Pass. Badoglio then ordered the commander of the 2nd Eritrean Division, General Achille Vaccarisi, to advance on the Warieu Pass and relieve the besieged Italians there.
By the afternoon of 22 January, the Blackshirt division and the garrison at Warieu Pass were still cut off, the fury of the Ethiopian attacks was reaching a crescendo, and Badoglio anxiously drew up plans for a general withdrawal. There is no way to know what the result would have been if he had attempted to withdraw 70,000 men, 14,000 animals, and 300 guns of the Italian I Corps and III Corps down the single road from Makale with the forces of "Ras" Mulugeta at their rear.
On the third day, the Italians at the Warieu Pass were relieved by Vaccarisi and his Eritreans. According to the Italians, the Ethiopians melted away when the relief force appeared. According to the "Ras" Kassa, the Italian Royal Air Force ("Regia Aeronautica Italiana") saved the day for Badoglio. His men could no longer stand up to the deadly clouds of mustard gas rained down non-stop on the roads his troops took, the base camps where they gathered, and any area surrounding them.
Aftermath.
By the morning of 24 January, the First Battle of Tembien came to an end. While the armies of "Ras" Kassa and "Ras" Seyoum had retreated from the area around Warieu Pass, they were not destroyed and they still held the Tembien. In addition, the armies of "Ras" Imru and "Ras" Mulugeta were fully intact. However, the threat the armies of the Ethiopian center posed to the I Corps and III Corps was neutralized and now Badoglio was free to turn his attention to the Ethiopian right and "Ras" Mulugeta. The Battle of Amba Aradam followed next.
Roughly one month later, the Second Battle of Tembien would prove to be a more decisive encounter for "Ras" Kassa and "Ras" Seyoum.

</doc>
<doc id="18294525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294525" title="William Lawrence (Australian politician)">
William Lawrence (Australian politician)

William Robert Lawrence (28 July 1906 – 13 January 2004) was an Australian politician. Born in Horsham, Victoria, he attended state schools and then the University of Melbourne before returning to Horsham as a dentist; he also sat on Horsham City Council. In 1949, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Wimmera. He held the seat until 1958, when he was defeated by the Country Party candidate. Lawrence died in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18294531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294531" title="Northwest Children's Home">
Northwest Children's Home

Northwest Children's Home is a residential treatment center in Lewiston, Idaho for children with emotional disorders, with facilities in Lewiston and Nampa. It was founded in 1908.
It also provides schooling to its residents and, on a contract basis, to students with emotional disorders sent by their school districts.

</doc>
<doc id="18294532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294532" title="5 Years From Now">
5 Years From Now

"5 Years From Now" is the second single released by Australian group Mercury4 from their self-titled debut album, "Mercury4". "5 Years From Now" debuted at #20 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart and in the following week ascended to its peak at #16, becoming Mercury4's second top twenty hit. "5 Years From Now" although had reached a lower peak than its predecessor "Get Me Some", lasted nine weeks on the chart, a week more than its processor. 
The song was produced by The Matrix, which also produced and co-written Avril Lavigne's "Sk8er Boi" in 2001. "Sk8er Boi" has the line "five years from now" in it.

</doc>
<doc id="18294538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294538" title="USS Noma (SP-131)">
USS Noma (SP-131)

USS "Noma" (SP-131) was a yacht loaned to the U.S. Navy during World War I by Vincent Astor of New York City. "Noma" was outfitted by the Navy with military equipment, including heavy guns, and commissioned as a patrol craft assigned to protect shipping from German submarines. At war’s end she performed various services for the American Relief Commission in Constantinople and in the Black Sea before returning to the U.S. for decommissioning and return to her owner.
Built in New York.
"Noma" (SP–131) a steam yacht, was built in 1902 by the Burlee Dry Dock Co. of Staten Island, New York. "Noma" was commissioned on 10 May 1917, with Lt. Comdr. Lamar Richard Leahy in command. 
"Noma" was acquired by the Navy from Vincent Astor (the wealthy heir of John Jacob Astor IV who died on the RMS "Titanic"). Astor was commissioned as an officer in the Navy and served aboard her as a junior officer.
World War I service.
Assigned to the North Atlantic.
At the outbreak of World War I "Noma" was ordered to France as the flagship of Capt. William B. Fletcher, Commander U.S. Patrol Squadrons operating in European waters. 
She sailed from New York City 9 June 1917 accompanied by five other ships of her squadron: "Christabel", "Harvard", "Kanawha II", "Sultana", and "Vedette". 
Anti-submarine duty.
Upon arriving at Brest 4 July, "Noma" immediately commenced operating in the submarine danger zone, convoying troop transports and cargo vessels. While patrolling off Cape Finisterre 20 July, she sighted a German U-boat running awash and boldly attacked it. On 25 July "Noma" escorted a large American convoy from Belle Île to the Loire.
"Noma" next encountered a German submarine when she went to the aid of British “Q-Ship” "Dunraven" 8 August. At the time the vessel was being shelled and torpedoed by the enemy submarine. "Dunraven’s" commanding officer, Capt. Gordon Campbell, RN, credited "Noma’s" arrival and prompt depth charge attack with saving his ship. "Noma" stood by "Dunraven" until two British destroyers arrived, and she took off several wounded sailors.
"Noma" came upon a large German U-boat recharging her batteries 16 August and engaged her in a vigorous gun duel until the U-boat submerged. She next sighted a medium-sized German submarine watching for convoys close in shore 17 September, and in a dawn attack, straddled it with many salvos.
Awarded the Navy Cross.
While escorting store ships "Koln" and "Medina", westbound for France 28 November, "Noma" in company with "Wakiva II" engaged two German submarines. "Noma" tenaciously depth charged her contact while "Wakiva II" seriously damaged the other U-boat. "Noma" and "Wakiva II" were commended for distinguished service by both Rear Admiral Henry B. Wilson and Admiral William S. Sims. Lt. Comdr. Leahy was awarded the Navy Cross for his role in the battle.
"Noma" continued to screen convoys in 1918, and escorted to St. Nazaire 25 January. She later accompanied a convoy of 13 merchant ships westbound for the U.S. and returned 21 May with a group of 8 ships bound for La Pallice. "Noma"'s last combat with German submarines occurred 15 August when two ships of eastbound Convoy HB–8, and , were torpedoed; "Montanan" sank, but "West Bridge" was towed in to Brest.
End-of-war operations.
After the war "Noma" was temporarily stationed at Plymouth, England until she was transferred to U.S. Forces based at Constantinople in early 1919. She passed Gibraltar 26 January; stopped at Taranto and Malta; and arrived Constantinople 13 February, bringing with her members of the American Relief Commission. Between February and May 1919 she supported the American Relief Commission during its operations in the Black Sea.
Once at Constantinople her duties involved carrying commission members to Constanţa, Romania 9–14 March; to Varna, Bulgaria 3–6 April, and to Batum, Russia 21 April–1 May. "Noma" also removed American gold funds from Varna and took on board U.S. Army personnel at all three ports.
Post-war decommissioning.
"Noma" departed Constantinople for the U.S. 21 May. She was decommissioned in mid-July 1919 and was returned to her pre-war condition and then returned to her owner at New York City 15 July 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18294550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294550" title="Vladimir Fedorov">
Vladimir Fedorov

Vladimir Anatolyevich Fedorov or Fyodorov (, born 22 April 1971) is a Russian former competitive ice dancer. He is the 1993 World bronze medalist with Anjelika Krylova.
Career.
Fedorov originally competed for the Soviet Union with partner Liudmila Berezova. They won the silver medal at the 1989 World Junior Championships.
When that partnership ended, he teamed up with Anjelika Krylova. They are the 1993 World bronze medalists. They competed at the 1994 Winter Olympics and placed 6th. Their partnership ended following that season.
Fedorov teamed up with Anna Semenovich in 1995. They won the Finlandia Trophy twice and competed on the Grand Prix of Figure Skating. The highlight of their partnership was competing at the 1998 World Championships, where they placed 15th.
Fedorov retired after that and began working as a coach. Among his current and former students are Melinda Sherilyn Wang.

</doc>
<doc id="18294559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294559" title="List of people with surname Wilson">
List of people with surname Wilson

Wilson is a common English-language surname. Some notable individuals with the surname "Wilson" include:

</doc>
<doc id="18294567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294567" title="Jamie Guzman">
Jamie Guzman

Jamie Fundinger (born Jamie Guzman: July 29, 1979) is a Dominican-born American architect, blogger and creator of The Pompomist which was an online magazine about design, Architecture, and Independent music active from 2007 through 2009. She was born in San Francisco de Macorís, Dominican Republic from a middle-class family. At age 7, she attended the Apostolado private school, which was an all-girls board school at the time, located in Santo Domingo. 
She graduated from high school in 1997 and shortly after moved to the United States with her mother to Miami, Florida. She attended Florida International University in 1998 obtaining an architecture degree.
Back in April 2007, she created popular weblog The Pompomist, where the author wrote about design and the arts, independent music and current events. Her writings became popular due to her hints of humor. She has interviewed many artists like Tokyo Police Club, Milosh, illustrator Liz Adams, The Bird and the Bee, and many others.
Jamie Fundinger now resides in New Jersey with her husband and works as a building envelope inspector and consultant in New York City on major projects designed by the most famous and respected architects like Frank Gehry, Richard Meier and Arquitectonica, as well as real estate developers like Donald Trump and Andre Balazs.
In 2012 he co-founded the hackerspace The MakerBar: a collection of hackers, makers, tinkerers, crafters, and builders in the northern New Jersey and NYC area.
Her work has been featured on:

</doc>
<doc id="18294583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294583" title="Robert King (Australian politician)">
Robert King (Australian politician)

Robert Shannon King, OBE (22 March 1920 – 30 June 1991) was an Australian politician. Born in Warracknabeal, Victoria, he attended Carey Grammar School in Melbourne before serving in the military 1940-45. He returned to Warracknabeal as a farmer and grazier, and became an official of the Victorian Country Party. In 1958, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Country Party member for Wimmera. On 5 October 1971 he was appointed Assistant Minister assisting the Minister for Primary Industry; he held this position until the McMahon Government's defeat on 5 December 1972. King's seat of Wimmera was abolished in 1977, and he retired from politics; he died in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18294584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294584" title="KIIC">
KIIC

KIIC (96.7 FM) is a commercial radio station that serves the Albia, Iowa area. The station broadcasts a Classic Country format. KIIC is licensed to Waveguide Communications Inc which is owned by Joe Milledge.
The station was originally licensed as KLBA-FM on November 18, 1992 but changed callsigns to KIIC on August 7, 2007.
The transmitter and broadcast tower are located east of Albia adjacent to the Albia Golf and Country Club. According to the Antenna Structure Registration database, the tower is tall with the FM broadcast antenna mounted at the level. The calculated Height Above Average Terrain is . 

</doc>
<doc id="18294595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294595" title="The Book of Air and Shadows">
The Book of Air and Shadows

The Book of Air and Shadows is a thriller novel by Michael Gruber published in 2007.
Plot summary.
Set concurrently in the 1600s and the current century, the novel is an intriguing and complex thriller based around the mystery of William Shakespeare. Jake Mishkin, a lonely and troubled lapsed Catholic intellectual property lawyer (though he is generally assumed to be Jewish-American despite his Waffen SS Officer grandfather) teams up with a young man, Albert Crosetti, who has taken a job at an antiquarian bookstore in the hope of saving enough to fund his studies at NYU film school. Together they hunt for Shakespeare's elusive lost manuscript.

</doc>
<doc id="18294600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294600" title="Sospeter Machage">
Sospeter Machage

Sospeter Magita Machage was until 2010 the Ambassador of Kenya to Russia and concurrently accredited to Ukraine, Republic of Belarus and Republic of Kazakhstan. He was appointed Ambassador on 20 April 2005.
Machage served in the Public Service in different capacities for over twenty six years. He served as the Registrar, Kenyatta National Hospital from 1983 to 1984 and as Medical Officer of Health Kitui District from 1984 to 1986. He was the Provincial Medical Officer for Health Easter Province from 1986 to 1987.
While in the private sector he served as the Chief of Staff and Deputy Director, Kendu Mission Hospital from 1987 to 1989. He was the Medical Officer In-charge Isibania Maternity and Nursing Home from 1989 to 1996. He served as a member of DDC, Medical Board Kuria District and Medical Board Transmara District. He also served as the Medical Officer In-charge St. Joseph's Mission Hospital (Kilgoris) from 1996 to 1999. He was Medical Advisor Catholic diocese of Ngong and Medical Director Transmara Medicare hospital. 
Prior to his appointment he served as Director, Ministry of Water and Natural Resources Management and Development and also Chairman Development, and Environment Committee of Lake Victoria Service Board. 
He graduated with Doctorate Degree in Medicine – Physician (MD) and General Surgery from Kharkov State University and Crimea State Medical Institute (USSR) in 1983. In 2005 he joined the Peoples' Friendship University of Russia where he was awarded a First Class Honors Master’s Degree in International Relations in 2009. He is currently pursuing PhD degree in International Relations at the same University.
In 2007 he became Professor and Academician of the Academy of Problems of Security, Defence and Order (Russia).

</doc>
<doc id="18294626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294626" title="SIBC (disambiguation)">
SIBC (disambiguation)

SIBC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18294639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294639" title="Jean (footballer)">
Jean (footballer)

Jean Raphael Vanderlei Moreira or simply Jean (born June 24, 1986 in Campo Grande), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Fluminense. Mainly a defensive midfielder, he can also play as a right defender.
Made professional debut for São Paulo in a 1-2 away defeat to Santos in the Campeonato Brasileiro on 17 July 2005.
On 13 November 2012 Jean was called up, by Mano Menezes, for Brazil that will play Superclásico de las Américas, making, then, his début for "Seleção".
Games for Brazilian team
Titles.
National team.
Brazil

</doc>
<doc id="18294643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294643" title="Maverick (Dark Horse)">
Maverick (Dark Horse)

Maverick is a defunct imprint of Dark Horse Comics, created in 1999 by editor Diana Schutz for creator-owned works, to "provid a home for creator-owned properties — providing a certain identity to those creator-owned labors of love that distinguishes them from Dark Horse's licensed books." The imprint, Dark Horse's second attempt at a creator-owned imprint (after "Legend") was relatively short-lived, publishing less than fifty issues/titles between 1999 and 2002.
History.
Schutz instigated the "Maverick" line at Dark Horse Comics in July 1999 for the purpose of "provid a kind of identity or specific line for those sorts of individual creator visions." Part of the purpose of having a separate imprint was to noticeably separate Dark Horse's output into discrete sections, and, as Schutz notes:
The aim of the Maverick line was to "push the medium a little bit," although Schutz recognized that such titles are often a hard sell. To help address this, the "Maverick Annual" anthologies (published from 2000 as "Dark Horse Maverick" and later under such subtitles as "Happy Endings" and "AutobioGraphix") put newer creators (Farel Dalrymple, Gilbert Austin, Jason Hall, Matt Kindt) alongside established names such as Frank Miller and Sam Kieth.
Titles.
The first title published was Frank Miller's "" — Miller also having suggested the "Maverick" name — and was edited by Schutz. The first year's output saw Maverick "consolidate... Horse's creator-owned, creator-produced titles under one roof — such diverse titles as Mike Mignola's "Hellboy", Stan Sakai's "Usagi Yojimbo", Paul Chadwick's "The World Below", Matt Wagner's "Grendel", and Sergio Aragonés' (and Mark Evanier's) "Groo", to mention just a few," bringing in new titles such as Rich Tommaso's "The Horror of Collier County" and providing a home for such projects as P. Craig Russell's adaptation of "Der Ring des Nibelungen".
The eclectic titles had one thing in common according to Schutz: "It has a lot to do with the particular project being a labor of love for the individual creator," despite the logical oddity of "attempting to unite the unique visions of each individual creator," which she termed "a paradoxical enterprise at best." The titles featured design work by Cary Grazzini, and each featured an individual variation of the distinctive Dark Horse "horse head", an idea of Mike Richardson's to "truly reflect... the spirit of independence that is Dark Horse Maverick."
Editorial staff.
Although Schutz initiated the line, she did not edit all titles (indeed, some titles such as "Hellboy" simply changed imprint without any changes in the editorial team working on them), instead she "over the whole line," as she "couldn't possibly handle editing every single book published under the imprint." Ultimate control over which titles best fit the imprint, however, did lay with Schutz and Dark Horse owner-publisher Mike Richardson, with input from others including Phil Amara (who "signed up Eric Drooker to do a reprinting of his seminal graphic novel "Flood"," and worked with Scott Allie on "Scatterbrain").
Year two.
During its second year, Schutz highlighted Maverick's "trades program" as standing out, both for collecting previously published materials, including Neil Gaiman and Alice Cooper's "The Last Temptation" (initially released in 1994 by Marvel Music), and debuting new work. New works included titles by entirely new creators as well as such legendary individuals as Will Eisner. Somewhat ahead of its time, the imprint would contend with the "financial obstacles" that go hand-in-hand, said Schutz in 2001, with the then-declining numbers of people reading comics, but she maintained that:
Delays.
Format changes delayed the release of Neil Gaiman and John Bolton's "Harlequin Valentine", which Schutz had originally "planned to as a 32-page comic book with no ads," but, after seeing the artwork, decided that she wanted:
Anthologies.
The "Maverick Annual" anthologies not only featured established and new names, but managed to entice work from semi-retired individuals such as Will Eisner, J.R. Williams, and Denis Kitchen. Kitchen is perhaps better known as a publisher, but as Schutz notes, she is "old enough to remember a time when Denis was not merely a publisher but was also an artist and was one of the early crew of underground cartoonists. And he was a fabulous cartoonist, but simply has been pursuing other interests." Kitchen agreed, during a CBDLF cruise in 2000, to contribute a story to "Dark Horse Maverick 2001" called "My Five Minutes With God". Schutz also wanted to spotlight then-lesser known French individuals Philippe Dupuy and Charles Berberian, beyond their normal Drawn and Quarterly audience.

</doc>
<doc id="18294653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294653" title="NIST (disambiguation)">
NIST (disambiguation)

NIST may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18294659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294659" title="List of people with surname Moore">
List of people with surname Moore

Moore is a popular surname in many English-speaking countries and is of Gaelic/English origin. This surname is shared by many notable people, among them being:

</doc>
<doc id="18294711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294711" title="Leah Jamieson">
Leah Jamieson

Leah H. Jamieson (born August 27, 1949 in Trenton, NJ, USA) is an American engineering educator serving at present as the John A. Edwardson Dean of Engineering and Ransburg Distinguished Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Purdue University. She is a member of the US National Academy of Engineering and served as the 2007 President and CEO of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). 
Jamieson was a founder of the Engineering Projects in Community Service program (EPICS), a multi-university engineering design program that operates in a service-learning context. She is a recipient of the Gordon Prize.
Biography.
Jamieson was born in 1949 and grew up in New Jersey, USA. She received the S.B. degree in Mathematics in 1972 from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). She received M.A. and M.S.E. degrees in 1974 and a Doctorate degree in 1977, all three from Princeton University. 
Jamieson worked as Professor of Engineering at Purdue University since 1976. Her research interests include speech analysis and recognition; the design and analysis of parallel processing algorithms; and the application of parallel processing to the areas of digital speech, image, and signal processing. She has authored over 160 journal and conference papers in these areas and has co-edited books on algorithmically specialized parallel computers (Academic Press, 1985) and the characteristics of parallel algorithms (MIT Press,1987). She served Purdue as Director of the Graduate Program in Electrical Engineering (1990–94), Director of Graduate Admissions (1994–96), Interim Head of the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering (2002), and Associate Dean of Engineering for Undergraduate Education (2004–06). At present she is serving as the John A. Edwardson Dean of Engineering and Ransburg Distinguished Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering.
Engineering Projects in Community Service.
In Fall 1995 Jamieson and her Purdue colleague Edward J. Coyle founded "Engineering Projects in Community Service", an academic engineering design program that operates in a service-learning context.
The program, which was initially offered only at Purdue, is available at present in 18 universities. It offers students from multiple disciplines with the opportunity to be part of engineering project design teams that work with nonprofit community organizations. The teams provide technological solutions to challenges faced by the community organizations and their target audiences. Examples of EPICS projects include the "Spanish In Action" Project at Butler University, which provides students with a web-based computer game that helps them learn Spanish vocabulary; and the "Sensor Network Air Pollution Monitoring" project at Drexel University that allows measurement of diesel particulate concentration in Philadelphia’s neighborhoods. For founding and administering EPICS, Jamieson has received in 2005 the Bernard M. Gordon Prize for Innovation in Engineering and Technology (with colleagues Edward J. Coyle and William C. Oakes). 
In 2008 the EPICS program has announced "EPICS High", an extension of the program’s scope to integrate high school students in the design teams. 
Presidency of IEEE.
In November 2005 Jamieson was elected 2006 President-elect by members of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). IEEE the world's largest technical professional society, focused on electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science and the related arts and sciences. The other candidates in the 2005 elections were Gerald Peterson and James M. Tien. 
Jamieson served as President and CEO of IEEE in 2007. Her presidency was characterized by a strong effort to redefine and expand the strategic planning process within IEEE, and to start an IEEE public visibility program. Other notable developments during her presidency included expansion of IEEE’s pre-university engineering education programs and reorganization of the IEEE Regional Activities Board (renamed Member and Geographical Activities Board). 

</doc>
<doc id="18294714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294714" title="Brookhaven, Fresno, California">
Brookhaven, Fresno, California

Brookhaven is a neighborhood in a small pocket of Southwest Fresno (the "West Side") located on the very edge of the city. It is bordered by Jensen Avenue on the north, Annadale Avenue on the south, Martin Luther King on the west and Elm or Ivy on the east. It is a pocket of dense housing and a large apartment complex, surrounded by vacant lots and fields. The neighborhood has long been associated with crime and gang activity, and was generally referred to as the "Dogg Pound" - in reference to the Dogg Pound Crips Gang that claims the neighborhood - by local residents until recent efforts by the community and the city government to change the neighborhood's image. Efforts to reduce the crime rate in this area have met with moderate success, as Police Chief Jerry Dyer's anti-gang operation "Dogpound" targeted the area and resulted in the arrest of several Dogg Pound Crips gang members. On September 18, 2007 the Fresno City Council voted to officially name the neighborhood Brookhaven.

</doc>
<doc id="18294717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294717" title="Joshua Nesbitt">
Joshua Nesbitt

Joshua Leonard Nesbitt (born April 15, 1988) is an American football safety for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL). He was formerly the starting quarterback for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets.
High school career.
Nesbitt attended Greene County High School in Greensboro, Georgia from 2003-2007. He was regarded as Georgia's number one recruit at quarterback as a senior. Nesbitt was named to the Scout.com national Hot 100 (No. 76) and the Rivals 250, and was the No. 4 prospect in Georgia according to Scout.com. He was also rated No. 14 in Georgia by Rivals, the No. 9 dual-threat quarterback in the nation by Rivals and the No. 12 quarterback by Scout.com. Nesbitt was a two-time, first-team all-state selection and the Class AA Offensive Player of the Year as a junior. He was named to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution Super Southern 100 and preseason Super 11 team before his senior year. As a senior at Greene County High, he passed for 2,256 yards and 32 touchdowns with just four interceptions, completing 134-of-222 passes. Nesbitt also rushed for 493 yards on just 93 carries and scored eight touchdowns, to go with 4 interceptions on defense.
College career.
As Taylor Bennett's backup, Nesbitt was brought in for rushing during his freshman season under coach Chan Gailey.
In 2008, Nesbitt earned the starting quarterback job under new Tech coach Paul Johnson for his option offense.
The 2009 season saw Nesbitt rush for 1037 yards and 18 touchdowns. Nesbitt also had 1701 yards through the air with 10 touchdowns. He led the Yellow Jackets to an ACC Championship Game and a BCS bowl game. The Jackets finished the season with an 11-3 record following the 2010 FedEx Orange Bowl loss to Iowa. Nesbitt was honored as the 2009 ACC first team quarterback. He was joined on the all-conference team by Jonathan Dwyer, Demaryius Thomas, Cord Howard, Sean Bedford, Derrick Morgan, and Morgan Burnett, all of whom were on the 2009 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team alongside Nesbitt.
After returning for his senior year, Nesbitt suffered a broken right arm after attempting a tackle on November 4, 2010 vs. Virginia Tech. He missed the remainder of the season.
Professional career.
Nesbitt went undrafted in the 2011 NFL Draft but was signed by the Buffalo Bills as a Defensive Back. On September 3, 2011, he was cut from the Bills' final 53-man roster, but was signed to the practice squad the following day. Nesbitt was signed to the Bills 53-man roster as a safety on November 15, 2011. He was waived/injured by the Bills on August 22, 2012, and subsequently reverted to injured reserve on August 24.

</doc>
<doc id="18294757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294757" title="Vibgyor High School">
Vibgyor High School

VIBGYOR High was established in 2004 in Goregaon, Mumbai. The school was founded by the Chairman Rustom Kerawalla. In less than 10 years, there have been about 17 new schools all over India in cities and towns.
VIBGYOR High follows the Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE), Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), International General Certification of Secondary Education (IGCSE) and the A-level; depending on the school chosen.
Student Council.
The schools have four houses namely Earth, Fire, Water and Air. Each house has a captain and a vice-captain. The winner of the inter-house championship for every year is declared at the annual sports meet. The houses create unity and team-work while also promoting healthy competition between students.
Counselling team.
The school has a counselling team that helps students develop appropriate social and soft skills which would enhance their personality and make them more dynamic as well as respectful and considerate.
Amenities.
All VIBGYOR High schools have computer labs, libraries, visual arts studios, science and math labs, toy rooms, swimming pools, canteens and sick bays. Besides, some of them also have Day Care facilities (ideal for working parents) and well-maintained and safe hostels.
Sports and Performing Arts.
Extra curricular activities include football, cricket, swimming, judo, gymnastics, basketball, handball, dance, music, art and drama.

</doc>
<doc id="18294759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294759" title="Aloe hereroensis">
Aloe hereroensis

Aloe hereroensis is an African Aloe native to Angola, Namibia and South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18294780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294780" title="CIAR">
CIAR

CIAR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18294781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294781" title="List of IIHF World Under 20 Championship Directorate award winners">
List of IIHF World Under 20 Championship Directorate award winners

The International Ice Hockey Federation World Under 20 Championship (also known as the World Junior Hockey Championship, WJHC) is an annual event organized by the International Ice Hockey Federation for national under-20 ice hockey teams from around the world. The 'Top Division' features the top ten ranked hockey nations in the world. After each tournament, the Directorate of the IIHF selects the Best Goalie, Best Defenceman, and Best Forward of the tournament. Winners of these awards, along with the countries they represent are shown below from the first official tournament (1977) until present.

</doc>
<doc id="18294793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294793" title="Twisted (Brian McFadden song)">
Twisted (Brian McFadden song)

"Twisted" is the second single released by Irish singer Brian McFadden from his second studio album, "Set in Stone". The song was released to radio in June 2008, and was released both physically and digitally on 19 July. "Twisted" debuted on the ARIA Singles Chart at #69, solely on downloads. On the week of the release of the physical single, it climbed and peaked at #29. When released as a single, "Twisted" featured as a remix by The Potbelleez. The original version featured on the album "Set in Stone" was not produced by the group.
Background.
Speaking of the single, Brian said: "'Twisted' is a pure pop track that allows me to highlight a lighter side to my music. At the end of the day, I want to show everyone that there's some depth and variety with my new album and hopefully fans can be energised by the song. I am so grateful to my Australian fans for their support and it's time to have some fun!" The video of the song was shot in Sydney, Australia, with many scenes shot in Kings Cross. McFadden wears red make-up on his face in the video. He is seen partying and having a good time. He then gets arrested and has many photos taken of himself in prison. He is then shown racing around the streets with his friends in a convertible. This is a reference to "A Clockwork Orange". The video also features his fans at parties.

</doc>
<doc id="18294852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294852" title="Uwem Akpan">
Uwem Akpan

Uwem Akpan (born May 19, 1971) is a Nigerian Jesuit priest and writer. He is the author of "Say You’re One of Them" (2008), a collection of five stories (each set in a different African country) published by Little, Brown & Company. It won the Commonwealth Writers' Prize, the PEN Open Book Award, and was picked by the Oprah Winfrey Book Club on September 17, 2009.
Life.
Uwem Akpan was born in the southern Nigerian village of Ikot Akpan Eda; his parents were teachers. He and his three brothers grew up speaking both English and Annang. He joined the Jesuit order at the age of 19, in 1990, and in 2000 studied theology in Nairobi, Kenya. He became a priest on July 19, 2003; he later earned an M.F.A. degree in creative writing at the University of Michigan in the United States. He has also studied theology at Creighton University and philosophy at Gonzaga University.
In 2009 Oprah Winfrey recommended Uwem Akpan's "Say You’re One of Them" as her 63rd influential book club selection. Akpan said he was humbled to learn his debut collection of short stories had caught Winfrey's eye. Winfrey said that "Say You're One of Them" (published by Little, Brown, 2008), "left stunned and profoundly moved." The five short stories give voice to an African child growing up in the face of incredible adversity. Asked whether there was a conflict between being a priest and being a writer, he said he liked being both: "Both give me energy. "Gaudium et Spes", a key Vatican II document, makes it very clear that the joys and anguish of the world are the joys and anguish of the Church. The Jesuits have a rich tradition of writing and involvement in social issues."
"Entertainment Weekly" put the book on its end-of-the-decade "best-of" list, saying: "Against all odds, the Nigerian priest's searing African stories from 2008 imparted both joy and hope."

</doc>
<doc id="18294901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294901" title="Cedar Lawn">
Cedar Lawn

Cedar Lawn, also known as Berry Hill and Poplar Hill, is one of several houses built near Charles Town, West Virginia for members of the Washington family. Cedar Lawn was built in 1825 for John Thornton Augustine Washington, George Washington's grand-nephew. The property was originally part of the Harewood estate belonging to Samuel Washington. The property that eventually became Cedar Lawn was left to Samuel's son, Thornton Washington, who built "Berry Hill", named for his wife's family. Berry Hill was destroyed by fire, and John Thornton Augustine built Cedar Lawn when he inherited.
In the 1940s, the house was bought by R.J. Funkhouser, an industrialist who had a taste for Washington family estates, who also owned Blakeley and Claymont Court. The property remains in the Funkhouser family and is known as O'Sullivan Farms, after Funkhouser's principal venture, the O'Sullivan Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="18294924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294924" title="Hafei Ruiyi">
Hafei Ruiyi

The Hafei Ruiyi is a microvan-derived pickup truck produced by Chinese manufacturer Hafei Motor and developed in partnership with Pininfarina. The Ruiyi is sold in Brazil and Uruguay under the brand Effa Motors.
In December 2007, the Ruiyi was launched in Chile together with the Zhongyi and Lobo. Microvans and their pickup derivates were extremely popular in Chile during the late 1970s and 80's, and are widely known as pan de molde (sliced bread), basically the same name known in China, "mian bao che" (bread loaf car (van) because of their shape.
The Hafei Ruiyi is sold as a utility truck in the United States by Mag International Inc. The truck is known in the US as T-MAG and/or T-MAG XC. MAG is also the sole developer and provider of an electric version of the truck.

</doc>
<doc id="18294933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294933" title="Podgórski sisters">
Podgórski sisters

The Podgórski sisters, Stefania Podgórska (born 1925) and Helena Podgórska (born 1935), came from a Catholic farming family living near Przemyśl in south-eastern Poland. During the Holocaust, sixteen-year-old Stefania and her six-year-old sister harboured thirteen Jewish men, women and children in the attic of their home for two-and-a-half years. Both were later honored as the Righteous Among the Nations by Yad Vashem as well as by the Jewish and Polish organizations in North America, for their wartime heroism.
Before the 1939 invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, Stefania Podgórska (born 1925 in Lipa) worked in a grocery store owned by the Diamants, a Jewish family. Her father had died in 1938 after an illness. Soon after the arrival of the Nazis, her mother and brother were taken to Germany for forced labor, while the Diamants were forced into a ghetto. The two Podgórski sisters lived in Przemyśl alone in an apartment rented by Stefania, who was 16 at that time. She got a job in town as a machine-tool operator. 
The border between the two invaders ran through the middle of Przemyśl until the German attack on the Soviet Union in June 1941. In 1942 the news spread about the Jewish Ghetto in Przemysl being liquidated by the Nazis. Stefania's prewar employer's son, Max Diamant, appeared on their doorstep. He escaped with his brother and cousin from the train to Belzec extermination camp. The girls were terrified, but gave Max permission to hide in the attic. He contacted his family in the Ghetto, and asked Stefania to accept them also, including his younger brother Henek and Henek's wife Danuta, Dr. William Shylenger and his daughter Judy, and a friend of his, a dentist with his son. In order to accommodate the fugitives Stefania soon rented a semi-detached cottage with two rooms, a kitchen and an attic, on Tatarska Street.
Life on Tatarska Street.
Helena with her sister Stefania moved in first, followed by Max Diamant. Then came Dr. Shylenger with his daughter, and the dentist with his son. The dentist's friend, a widow from the ghetto came also with her son and daughter. She wrote a threatening note that she would denounce the girls if she was refused. The dentist begged Stefania to admit his nephew with his wife. Joseph's younger brother, Henek, with his wife arrived later, finally there came a Jewish mailman: thirteen Jews in total. Max made a wall in the attic from boards bought by Stefania, securing a sleeping quarter for everybody. 
After a few weeks they were completely without money. Stefania started to knit sweaters and take orders for them, from her friends and acquaintances. She was trading clothes for food and buying it, if necessary, on the black market. An SS man moved in next door. Max kept vigil with others to eliminate any noises. In early 1944 a German officer entered the apartment and announced that Stefania and Helena must vacate the place in two hours. The Jewish fugitives begged the two sisters to flee as they felt that all of them were doomed. But Stefania - after praying to the Black Madonna of Częstochowa - thought otherwise. "I am not leaving you", she said. The officer reappeared telling the girls that, after all, he decided to take a room opposite the house for his two nurses from the military hospital. 
On July 27, 1944, the Soviet Army entered Przemyśl. The thirteen Jews, though emaciated and weak, were free. Max, who took the name Josef Burzminski, proposed to Stefania "(Fusia)" and was accepted. In 1961 the couple emigrated to the United States, where Burzminski became a dentist. They have a son and daughter. Helena Podgórska remained in Poland, married and became a physician in Wrocław. In 1979 the sisters were honored by Yad Vashem, in Jerusalem, as Righteous among the Nations.
A television movie called "Hidden in Silence" which tells their story, was made in 1996 by Richard A. Colla with screenplay by Stephanie Liss, featuring Kellie Martin as Fusia (Stefania), Gemma Coughlan as Helena, and Tom Radcliffe as Max. 
Further reading.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18294952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294952" title="Nigar Awards">
Nigar Awards

The Nigar Awards, the official awards of Pakistani film industry, are the oldest awards to honour the show business personalities of Pakistan. The awards were first introduced in 1958 by Ilyas Rasheedi, the editor of weekly "Nigar" magazine, with a purpose to recognize the achievements of those who worked in the film industry. The first award distribution ceremony was held on 17 July 1958 at Lahore's Evernew Studio. Since then, the awards were presented annually until 2004. During the 1990s the prominence of awards was eclipsed by the National Awards and later by Lux Style Awards. With the discontinuation of film making in Pakistan, the distribution of Nigar Awards is also discontinued.
History.
Ilyas Rashidi had acquired experience in the field of entertainment journalism through his association with his elder brother Umer Azad's daily newspaper "Anjum", which had just shifted its offices from Delhi to Karachi after independence of Pakistan. Ilyas Rasheedi was inspired by the Indian film magazine 'Filmfare', so he purchased a children magazine Monthly Nigar from his friend Ibne Hassan Nigar, and publish it as Pakistan's first ever film weekly from Karachi. 
The first award distribution ceremony was held on 17 July 1958 at Lahore's Evernew Studios. The first Nigar award was given for the best movie Saath lakh, for the best director W.Z. Ahmed for the film Waada, for the best actor Santosh Kumar and for the best actress Sabiha Khanam.
The male artist who has received the highest number of Nigar awards is Nadeem, who had started his career in "Chakori", got his first award for the same movie as the best actor. The female artist who has received the highest number of Nigar awards is Shabnam, who had started her career in Pakistani films in "Aey Desh Tomar Amar" (1958), got her first award for the film "Chanda" (1962) as the best supporting actress. The Melody Queen Noor Jahan got a total of 13 Nigar awards in her career. She got her first Nigar Award for the best playback singer in 1960.
Arrangements.
Instead of the usual practice of envelope opening, the award committee prints the names of the winners on the back of the invitation cards that are sent to all invitees. This removes the charm of the suspenseful moments to the attendees.
Despite of this, the award committee has strict rules of only considering the candidacy of those films and television shows that are nominated for the awards and their copies are provided by the film makers or distributors to the committee. 
The awards are also known for their impartial assessment and unbiased attitude as compared with other high-level awards for the media. Another prominent factor of the awards is that, over the time, various categories from both television and film industry that have been included to cover such subsets as the Urdu, Punjabi and Pushto language films.
Categories.
The Nigar awards are divided in four sections, i.e., Urdu, Punjabi, Pushto and Sindhi film awards. Each section has several categories, such as:
Revival.
According to chief organizer Aslam Ilyas, son of Ilyas Rashdi, the Nigar Publications is planning to return after a gap of seven years. Around 40 awards will be given in 2012, 20 of which in television's category and 20 in film's category.

</doc>
<doc id="18294971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294971" title="John Russell Savige">
John Russell Savige

John Russell Savige MC, ED (25 July 1908 in Moe, Gippsland, Victoria, Australia- 21 November 1977 in Moe, Victoria) was a leading figure in Scouting in Victoria. From 1939 to 1945 he served in World War II and was taken Prisoner of War in Crete.
Background.
Savige's parents were Albert (Bert) Savige and his wife Alice Long. His grandfather John Savige arrived in Australia as a free settler in 1852 from Towcester, Northampton, England. In 1856 at Bendigo he married Emma Russell, a native of Wales. After fossicking for gold for several years, he proceeded to clear, farm and settle areas of Victoria such as Lake Condah in the Western District and Narracan and Moe in Gippsland. Savige was a first cousin of Lieutenant General Sir Stanley Savige.
World War II.
Savige enlisted in the 2nd AIF and served as a Captain in the 2/7th Battalion in North Africa where he was awarded the Military Cross at Bardia and was twice mentioned in despatches. From Libya the battalion was ordered to Greece and then to Crete where he was taken prisoner by the Germans.
After the War.
After his discharge from the army, Savige had to rebuild the family farm in Moe and became involved in many community organizations including the Anglican Church, Legacy, Rotary, Moe High School Council and the Moe Co-operative Dairying Co. (Chairman of the Board). From Germany he was nominated and accepted as a member of the Melbourne Cricket Club.
Scouting.
Savige joined Scouting in 1924. In 1933 he attended the 4th World Scout Jamboree in Hungary where he met Lord Baden-Powell. After the war, Savige became Assistant District Commissioner of the Strzelecki District and later, District Commissioner of the McDonald District. In 1972 the Chief Commissioner awarded him the Silver Acorn for exceptional services to Scouting. The Russ Savige Log Cabin, Camp Caringal, Erica was erected in memory of Savige, the plaque being unveiled by his widow, Shirley, on 22 March 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18294976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294976" title="Rotten School">
Rotten School

Rotten School is a children's book series by R. L. Stine concerning the adventures of children at a boarding school. Each book is written from the perspective of Bernie Bridges, a fourth-grader who lives in his dormitory at Rotten School with his pals Feenman, Crench, Belzer, Beast, Chipmunk, Nosebleed, Billy The Brain and others. Their rivals are Sherman Oaks, a rich spoiled brat, and his buddies Wes Updood and Joe Sweety, from the Nyce House dormitory. Bernie has a crush on a girl by the name of April–May June. Bernie tries to earn money by many means, by selling stuff, stealing from his friends and making bets. Unlike R. L. Stine's other works, "Rotten School "does not contain themes of horror.
Books.
Rotten School is different from much of R. L. Stine's other famous series in that it is not a horror series, but rather a light-hearted comedy.
"Rotten School" movie.
At the March 2010 Reading Festival, a boy asked Stine, "Will you be making more "Rotten School" books?" to which Stine replied saying, "No, but I'm planning on making a "Rotten School" movie."

</doc>
<doc id="18294980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294980" title="List of programs broadcast by Prime7">
List of programs broadcast by Prime7

The following are programs that are currently broadcast by Prime7.
Currently broadcast on Prime7.
Domestic.
Sports.
The Seven Network holds the broadcast rights to the following sports:

</doc>
<doc id="18294989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18294989" title="America's Wetland Foundation">
America's Wetland Foundation

America's WETLAND Foundation (AWF) is a nonprofit, tax exempt 501(c)(3) organization with the stated mission to save and conserve coastal wetlands in the U.S. state of Louisiana. The organization aims to achieve this mission through a public awareness campaign on the impact Louisiana's wetland loss has on the state, region, nation and world.
AWF is based in New Orleans, Louisiana. The public education campaign started in 2002, when the AWF board hired the public relations Marmillion + Company. Today, it is run by the AWF board and its chairman, retired Whitney National Bank President and Chair of the Governor's Advisory Commission on Coastal Restoration and Conservation, R. King Milling. The effort is led by Val Marmillion, Managing director of the Campaign .
Since being formed in 2003, America's Wetland officials say its message and outreach has resulted in more than 1 billion media impressions worldwide. That tally includes documentaries, news shows, feature stories, billboards, festivals, special events, public-service announcements and Web sites.
History.
In 2001, Former Louisiana Governor Mike Foster launched what would become the America's WETLAND Campaign, and declared a "holy war" on coastal erosion. Since a previous 18 month state sponsored study had determined a comprehensive restoration effort would cost more than $14 billion, it was determined the only way to raise that amount of money was through federal funding and therefore widespread public support was necessary.
In 2003, AWF became an independent foundation supported by public donations, and private sponsors such as Shell Oil Company, Tabasco pepper sauce, and others.
AWF has been supported by Republicans and Democrats including Foster's successor, Former Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco who joined the effort in 2004. AWF has grown into a multi-million dollar campaign, and describes itself as "the largest public education campaign in Louisiana history."
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita were predated by AWF's first "Storm Warnings" event, which sought to illustrate the role wetlands play as a natural hurricane buffer. The event ominously involved draping a blue tarp over a block of Royal Street to illustrate the flood levels if a Category 5 storm hit New Orleans. As a result, the America's WETLAND Foundation was a natural platform for Louisiana public officials to rally national public support to the region. Former Congressman Billy Tauzin stated in a Washington Post article following the disasters, ""We all came together around America's Wetland... was the most coordination I ever saw."
In addition, then Governor Blanco asked AWF to provide support and assistance in establishing the Louisiana Disaster Recovery Foundation to receive donations to assist Louisiana victims of the hurricanes.
An AWF related organization, "Women of the Storm," (WOS) was created following the storms. The WOS is composed of 140 New Orleans area volunteers who advocate for members of the United States Congress to visit hurricane-damaged areas. As of January 2009, their efforts have resulted in 57 Senators and 147 Representatives witnessing damaged areas first hand.
One year after the hurricanes AWF launched "Riding the Trail to Recovery" a two-mile (3 km) cattle drive through lower Cameron Parish designed to help bring attention to victims of Hurricane Rita who may have felt forgotten by the larger focus on Hurricane Katrina.
Objectives and messages.
The America's WETLAND Foundation's public awareness campaign focuses on two themes: one, the region is of world ecological significance and, two, it is critical to the economic and energy future of the United States. The Foundation supports the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority's master plan for coastal restoration passed by the Louisiana Legislature in 2007.
AWF's Progress Report states its public education campaign has five primary objectives:
Awareness events.
The America's WETLAND Foundation is a multi-faceted campaign with many different related organizations, brands, and awareness events. Some of their annual awareness events include "Storm Warnings," and "Keep Your Eye on The Prize." The annual Storm Warnings event occurs around the start of each hurricane season (end of May) and is designed to help focus national attention on the importance of Louisiana's coast and the wetlands' role as a natural hurricane buffer.
"Storm Warnings IV: Last Stand" was announced on February 2, 2009 and is set to take place May 30–31, 2009 and will include a large free concert in New Orleans. This will be followed the next day by flotillas of watercraft rendezvousing at the Houma Downtown Marina where they will point reflectors to the sun, to be photographed by satellite to illustrate how the land below the line will be lost if nothing is done to restore Louisiana's eroding coast.
"Keep Your Eye On The Prize" is a two month long photo, art and poetry contest for Louisiana students in fourth through twelfth grade. The contest usually asks students to capture the importance or beauty of the wetlands through one of the above mediums. The 9 first place winners (3 age divisions for each category) receive a $500 grant for their school to conduct a conservation project, usually in conjunction with the America's WETLAND Conservation Corps.
The "Estuarians" are an animated superhero conservation action team designed to help kids learn about the importance of the wetlands. They are also mascots who have been to multiple events including Mardi Gras, National Wetlands Research Center, and Ocean Commotion .
The America's WETLAND Foundation also helped sponsor and develop a comprehensive series of birding trails throughout the state of Louisiana in conjunction with Lieutenant Governor Mitch Landrieu. America's Wetland Birding Trail now consists of 264 sites on 26 loops and 10 scenic pathways statewide. Many of these sites are located in rural settings near rivers, deltas, open meadows, lagoons and in several pine and hardwood forests. The paths follow interstate, state and federal highways around the state as individual loops stand together as one tourist attraction within the transportation network of Louisiana.
AWF also produces brochures, public service announcements, and documentaries.
Related organizations.
AWF sponsors educational and restoration programs, such as the America's WETLAND Conservation Corps, which is a partnership between the America's WETLAND Foundation and the Louisiana State University AgCenter.[http://www.americaswetland.com/custompage.cfm?pageid=176] This AmeriCorps program, operating in conjunction with LSU AgCenter, places members at sites throughout Louisiana to coordinate hands-on coastal restoration projects that include vegetative plantings, restorative interventions, community wide cleanups, and hands-on education projects for volunteers and communities in an effort to promote stewardship and conservation, raising public awareness of the negative impact that the erosion of Louisiana's wetlands has on the state, national and worldwide ecosystems.
An AWF related organization, "Women of the Storm," (WOS) was created following Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. The WOS is composed of 140 New Orleans area volunteers who advocate for members of Congress to visit hurricane-damaged areas. As of January 2009, their efforts have resulted in 57 Senators and 147 Representatives witnessing damaged areas first hand.
America's Energy Coast is an AWF related organization which joins the Gulf Coast energy producing states of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Texas together to develop common solutions to ensure a sustainable coastal environment and the inextricably linked activities critical to the nation's energy and economic security. It is noted for its unprecedented collaboration among transportation, environmental, and energy groups as well as public officials. Its "Accord for a New Sustainability For America's Energy Coast" is a living framework of shared principles where its disparate member groups have come to consensus. The group claims its format "will yield technology and solutions best practices, and policy recommendations at all levels of government."
Awards and endorsements.
The America's WETLAND Campaign has won over 45 awards such as MarCom Creative Awards, Southern Growth Innovator Award, Spotlight Awards, Summit Creative Award, Telly Award, Videographer Award, Natioinal Association of Government Communicators Award, Comunicator Award, and the League of American Communications Professionals for top 50 publicity campaigns.
The "Houma Courier" endorsed the accomplishments of the campaign saying in an editorial, "Looking back to six years ago, when the America's Wetland Foundation was kicked off, it is easy to see how many real improvements have been made in our coastal challenges and how many of those challenges remain unabated. But this much is clear: Much of the progress that has been made can be directly or indirectly attributed to the America's Wetland and the vital work it is doing on our behalf."
The 2007 Miss Louisiana USA winner Elizabeth McNulty has worked with America's WETLAND Foundation as well as the America's WETLAND Conservation Corps.[http://www.elizabethmcnulty.com/WetlandCampaign.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18295044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295044" title="Karl Stellwag von Carion">
Karl Stellwag von Carion

Karl Stellwag von Carion (January 28, 1823 - November 21, 1904) was an Austrian ophthalmologist who was a native of Langendorf, a village in Moravia.
He studied medicine at Prague and Vienna, where in 1847 he received his medical doctorate. Following graduation he was an assistant in the department of ophthalmology at Vienna General Hospital. In 1854 he was a private lecturer at the University of Vienna, where in 1857 he attained the title of "professor extraordinarius". In 1873 he became a full professor of ophthalmology at the university. During his years in Vienna, he also taught classes at Josephs Academy (Josephinum).
Stellwag von Carion made contributions in his investigations of glaucoma, accommodation and light polarization, and is remembered for his extensive research involving anomalies of refraction. In 1856 he coined the term "ectopia lentis", when describing a patient who had congenital lens dislocation.
He was the author of many works in the field of ophthalmology, including the widely popular "Lehrbuch der praktischen Augenheilkunde" (Handbook of Practical Ophthalmology), a book that was later translated into English, Italian and Hungarian. His name is lent to "Stellwag's sign", an indication of infrequent or incomplete blinking associated with exophthalmos.

</doc>
<doc id="18295061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295061" title="Harewood (West Virginia)">
Harewood (West Virginia)

Harewood is one of several houses in the vicinity of Charles Town, West Virginia built for members of the Washington family. The house was designed by John Ariss for Samuel Washington in 1770. Washington moved from his farm on Chotank Creek in Stafford County, Virginia to Harewood, accumulating by the time he died in 1781.
George Washington visited the house several times. James Madison and Dolley Payne Todd were married at Harewood on September 15, 1794. Dolley's sister was Lucy Washington, wife of Samuel Washington's son, George Steptoe Washington, who had inherited the estate.
The property remains in the Washington family. 

</doc>
<doc id="18295062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295062" title="Edward V. Curry">
Edward V. Curry

Edward Vincent Curry (June 18, 1909 – March 1982) was a member of the New York State Assembly (1949–1952), a New York State Senator (1955–1956) and a member of the New York City Council (1958–1978). Curry was a member of the Democratic Party.
Curry was born on June 18, 1909, in Staten Island, New York. He served in the U.S. Navy during World War II, and was a member of the American Legion, Forty and Eight, Veterans of Foreign Wars and Elks.
Curry's 1948 campaign for the New York State Assembly made the establishment of a free college for Staten Island his primary objective. Curry's victory improved higher education on Staten Island. In 1954, he was elected to the New York State Senate. In 1956, he lost his senate seat to John Marchi, who would go on to serve a record 50 years as a New York State Senator. In 1957, Curry was elected to the New York City Council, where he represented Staten Island for the next 20 years.
"Edward Curry Avenue", located in the Bloomfield section of Staten Island, was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18295097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295097" title="Papal election, 1287–88">
Papal election, 1287–88

The papal election from April 4, 1287 to February 22, 1288 was the deadliest papal election in the history of the Roman Catholic Church, with six (or five) of the sixteen (or fifteen) cardinal electors perishing during the deliberations. Eventually, the cardinals elected Girolamo Masci, O.Min. as Pope Nicholas IV, almost a year after the death of Pope Honorius IV, who died on April 3, 1287. Nicholas IV was the first Franciscan pope.
The cardinals' deaths are usually attributed to malaria. After the deaths of the six cardinals, the remaining electors—with the exception of Masci—left Rome and reassembled on February 15. Upon finding that Masci had remained at Santa Sabina in Rome the reassembled cardinals immediately elected him, but he refused until he was re-elected on February 22. It was thought at the time that Masci had survived by keeping a fire burning in his room to "purify" the pestilential vapors, or "mal aria" thought to cause the disease.
The election was held near Santa Sabina on Aventine Hill in the Savelli palace, "Corte Savella", which Honorius IV had built and used as the "de facto" papal residence. According to Smith, Nicholas IV was, like his predecessor, "an undisguised partisan of the French interest" and "another example of the dishonest use of spiritual authority for political ends, by releasing Charles II of Naples from an inconvenient oath to Alfonso III of Aragon".

</doc>
<doc id="18295106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295106" title="Božo Broketa">
Božo Broketa

Božo Broketa (24 December 1922 – 26 July 1985) was a Yugoslavian football (soccer) player. He spent most of his career with Hajduk Split.
A football academy in Dubrovnik is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18295110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295110" title="Boulevard Raspail">
Boulevard Raspail

Boulevard Raspail is a boulevard of Paris, in France.
Its orientation is north-south, and joins boulevard Saint-Germain with place Denfert-Rochereau whilst traversing 7th, 6th and 14th arrondissements. The boulevard intersects major roadways: rue de Sèvres, rue de Rennes and boulevard Montparnasse.
Its former name was boulevard d'Enfer, of which the passage d'Enfer is a vestigial relic.
Naming.
The boulevard was named after François-Vincent Raspail (1794–1878), French chemist, doctor and politician. 
History.
The section between a point approximately 80 m beyond the rue de Varenne and rue de Sèvres was dug in 1869. The 90 m section from rue Stanislas was opened up by MM. Bernard frères. 
The section between boulevard Edgar-Quinet and place Denfert-Rochereau had incorporated the old boulevard d'Enfer and the external boulevard (part of boulevard de Montrouge) into a single road by the law of 16 June 1859. Its width was 70 m before the decree of 14 September 1892. 
Boulevard Raspail was heavily criticized by Le Corbusier in "Toward an Architecture".
In 1933, the enlarged part of boulevard Raspail surrounding n° 51, where it meets the rue du Cherche-Midi, was named place Alphonse-Deville. The chemin de ronde d'Enfer was annexed from boulevard Raspail and boulevard Edgar-Quinet.

</doc>
<doc id="18295121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295121" title="Víctor Aquino">
Víctor Aquino

Víctor Marcelino Aquino Romero (born 26 November 1985 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan football forward who played for Club Sportivo San Lorenzo of Paraguay, Chilean side Palestino, Portuguese Liga team C.S. Marítimo and Uruguayan Primera División Club Nacional. He currently plays for Argentine Primera División outfit Newell's Old Boys.
Aguino signed for Marítimo in January 2009. He made his debut on February 1 against Naval, coming on as a substitute and scoring the winning goal in the 88th minute, in the 1-0 victory.
After a short spell at Portuguese club, he joined Uruguayan giant Club Nacional in August 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18295127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295127" title="Kushaiguda">
Kushaiguda

Kushaiguda (Telugu: కుషాయిగుడ) is a suburb of Hyderabad, India. It was a sleepy village outside Hyderabad until 1990s when the residential boom shot development activity here.
Kushaiguda APSRTC bus depot is actually located near Kamala Nagar. This land as rumour goes was donated by NFC for construction of bus depot.
Commercial area.
Kushaiguda is home to many shops and car showrooms.it has a big vegetable market back of bus stop, it is the one of the best retail market in Asia—consists of ground floor having vegetable shops (140 shops) and 1st floor have 50 shops mainly pooja stores, where all pooja items are available.
Transport.
Kushaiguda is well-connected by the buses, APSRTC, which ply on two routes covering most of the area.
The closest MMTS Train station is at Safilguda Railway Station.
8 km from tarnaka.
8 km from secunderabad.
2 km A S RAO Nagar.

</doc>
<doc id="18295128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295128" title="Bryde Island">
Bryde Island

Bryde Island is a hypsographic island in the Queen Maud Gulf within the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18295134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295134" title="Call Me (Aretha Franklin song)">
Call Me (Aretha Franklin song)

"Call Me" is a song recorded and written by American Soul singer Aretha Franklin. The song was co-produced by Jerry Wexler, Tom Dowd and Arif Mardin. Franklin came up with the idea for the song after she saw a young couple engaged in deep conversation on New York's Park Avenue. Before they parted, Franklin heard them say to each other, "I love you, call me". With the exception of Franklin on piano, musical backing for "Call Me" was handled by members of the Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section. "Call Me" was released as a single in January 1970 from Aretha's "This Girl's in Love with You" album and became another hit for her, spending two weeks at number one on the US R&B Singles chart while reaching number thirteen on the Pop chart.
Cover versions.
Diana Ross' rendition of the song for her 1971 album "Everything Is Everything" was nominated for a Grammy in the Best Female R&B Vocal Category. In 1991, R&B singer Phil Perry recorded a version of this song for his album, "The Heart of the Man". It also reached number one on the Hot R&B Singles Chart. Also, Danny! sampled it in 2004 for his song "When You Get There"; later that year, Kanye West also sampled it for Slum Village's moderate hit "Selfish".

</doc>
<doc id="18295150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295150" title="Odalen Lutherske Kirke">
Odalen Lutherske Kirke

The Odalen Lutherske Kirke, also known as the Odalen Lutheran Church or simply the Odalen Church, was an historic Norwegian-American Lutheran church located in Tiber Township, in Walsh County near Edinburg, North Dakota. 
Odalen Lutherske Kirke is significant for its association with the Norwegian immigrants from the traditional district of Odal in the county of Hedmark in eastern Norway. Norwegian immigrants settled this area in rural Walsh County, and established the congregation in 1884. The church was built in 1896 in the Greek Revival style. It bore a striking resemblance to the Ullern Church built 29 years earlier in Odal. 
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 11, 2006. It burned to ground on June 21, 2007 and was delisted on November 28, 2007. It was the last public building in Tiber Township
On July 30, 2008, an 80-foot cross was erected at the site to memorialize the church. Plans are ongoing for a further memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="18295166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295166" title="Melnick">
Melnick

Melnick is a surname that refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18295178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295178" title="United States Special Envoy to the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation">
United States Special Envoy to the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation

The United States Special Envoy to the Organisation of the Islamic Conference (full title: "Representative of the United States of America to the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, with the rank and status of Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, and Representative of the United States of America in the Organisation of the Islamic Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="18295179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295179" title="Aaron Stone">
Aaron Stone

Aaron Stone is a live-action, single-camera adventure series created by Bruce Kalish. Originally broadcast with the launch of Disney XD on February 13, 2009. It was the first original series to air on the network.
The series is about a teenager named Charlie Landers (Kelly Blatz) who is enlisted to become the real-life counterpart of his world-renowned avatar Aaron Stone from the fictional video game "Hero Rising". The series also stars David Lambert, Tania Gunadi and J.P. Manoux. Unlike most of Disney's live-action shows, "Aaron Stone" features a darker tone with complex storyline.
Production for the first season ran from June 2, to December 19, 2008. The first season aired on Disney XD from February 13, to November 27, 2009. On May 5, 2009, Disney announced that the show had been renewed for a second season. Kelly Blatz confirmed via Twitter account that production for the second season began on June 22, 2009.
On November 11, 2009 in a Live Ustream chat with J.P. Manoux, Tania Gunadi and Bruce Kalish, it was announced that "Aaron Stone" would not be renewed for a third season, with the second season being its last. The given reason was that Disney XD has made the decision to put more emphasis on live-action programming that is primarily comedy-based. This announcement was made before season one was concluded in the United States. A total of 14 episodes were produced for the second season premiering on February 24, 2010. The last remaining 8 episodes began airing on June 16 and concluded on July 30, 2010. As of 2012, Disney XD discontinued airing reruns of "Aaron Stone" in the United States.
Villains.
Omega Defiance.
The Omega Defiance is an evil group composed of the seven most brilliant minds on the planet, and whom Aaron Stone has to defeat. The group was originally assembled by T. Abner Hall to form a think-tank for the sole purpose of bettering mankind. The seven created a serum that genetically alters DNA, enabling the subject to increase their intelligence tenfold. Impatient and eager to test it, they took the serum themselves. However, the serum was flawed, and instead of making them smarter, it twisted their minds and made them more aggressive. They began to believe that mankind isn't worth bettering, so they betrayed Hall, and now desire to conquer the world and make things their way, with them in charge. They are all presumably defeated by Damaged, a mutant escapee from the research lab called Sector 21, in season 2, except for Dr. Necros who is taken prisoner.
Sector 21.
The Sector 21 escapees are a group of people who were captured by the Omega Defiance and experimented on, transforming them into mutants with amazing powers and who serve as the main antagonists for season 2. They were housed in a secret lab called Sector 21. They wish to take revenge on all humans for the acts of cruelty done to them at the hands of the Omega Defiance. Aaron captured them one by one. By the end of season 2, all the Mutants are captured except Ben Slivers, who briefly worked with Elias Powers and later found redemption.

</doc>
<doc id="18295252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295252" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in the Balkans">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in the Balkans

This is a list of Roman Catholic Church dioceses in the Balkans. In Balkanic Europe, the Roman Catholic Church comprises 8 conferences, 14 ecclesiastical provinces, 31 suffragan dioceses and 1 apostolic administration. There are 5 archdioceses and 3 dioceses and 1 apostolic vicariate that are immediately subject to the Holy See.

</doc>
<doc id="18295286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295286" title="Los Angeles Angels (California League)">
Los Angeles Angels (California League)

The Los Angeles Angels were a professional baseball team that played in the California League in 1892, 1893, 1901 and 1902. Their first home park was Athletic Park. [http://books.google.com/books?id=yFbNFepzahwC&pg=PA217&vq=%22Los+Angeles+Angels%22&dq=%22California+League%22+%22Los+Angeles+Angels%22&source=gbs_search_s&sig=ACfU3U1l2LkUzipw46tYtes-0b1tdgo1RQ#PPA10,M1]

</doc>
<doc id="18295318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295318" title="Fabio Escobar">
Fabio Escobar

Fabio Escobar Benítez (born 2 February 1982 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan football forward who plays for Club Guaraní.
Career.
Escobar started his career in San Lorenzo of Paraguay before playing for Puerto Montt of Chile, Club Toluca and Atlético Mexiquense of Mexico, Macara of Ecuador and Nacional of Paraguay. He was the top scorer in the 2008 Torneo Apertura.
In 2009 he joined Atlético Tucumán of Argentina, following their relegation from the Primera División he joined Argentinos Juniors in 2010.
Escobar was part of the Paraguay national football team squad that competed in the 2004 Copa America.

</doc>
<doc id="18295319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295319" title="Henry D. Edelman">
Henry D. Edelman

Henry D. Edelman (born 1949) was the first president and chief executive officer of the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation, a United States government sponsored enterprise (also known as Farmer Mac) that serves as a secondary market in loans for agricultural real estate and rural housing. 
Edelman graduated from Colgate University in 1970, and participated in a special program that enabled him to receive both his B. A. and M. A. at the same time.He also attended Eaton after graduating highschool. He received a law degree from Cornell University in 1973, and was in private practice for three years before joining the legal staff of General Motors. He left the company 10 years later, having worked his way up to the position of director of corporate finance, and became vice president of government finance at Citicorp. Six months after joining Citicorp, he left to join Paine Webber as first vice president of the company’s government finance group.
Edelman first came to Farmer Mac in July 1988 as a financial consultant for its interim board. The agency was created by the Agricultural Credit Act of 1987, and Edelman’s initial endeavors were to help launch the agency and determine how it could best reach the investment markets. John Dahl, the first chairman of Farmer Mac and president of the Dahl Land and Cattle Company of Gackle, N.D., told "The New York Times" that Edelman “helped the interim board devise strategy for last fall's very successful initial public offering of $22 million of Farmer Mac stock.” Dahl added the initial public offering was bought by 1,600 financial institutions
Edelman joined Farmer Mac on June 1, 1989, as president and CEO. When he was hired, he told an interviewer the job was a “real challenge” since no staff had been hired to work with him.
In May 2008, Edelman successfully lobbied the U.S. Congress to expand Farmer Mac’s charter to authorize it to purchase and guarantee securities backed by rural utilities loans. The expansion was a provision in the Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008.
On September 30, 2008 the Board of Directors removed him as President and CEO of Farmer Mac as part of a restructuring endeavor.

</doc>
<doc id="18295339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295339" title="Ambassador Bill">
Ambassador Bill

Ambassador Bill (1931) is a comedy film starring Will Rogers and Marguerite Churchill. Directed by Sam Taylor, the movie also features Greta Nissen and Ray Milland.
Plot.
Bill Harper (Rogers) plays an American ambassador. After his arrival in a small country that is besieged by civil unrest, he befriends the young boy (Tad Alexander) who is to be the country's king. 

</doc>
<doc id="18295350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295350" title="Songs for a Hurricane">
Songs for a Hurricane

Songs for a Hurricane is an album by singer/songwriter Kris Delmhorst, released in 2003.
Reception.
Music critic Joe Viglione wrote in his Allmusic "This artist is subtle in her approach with music that comes up behind you and a voice that breathes through the speakers... The production by Delmhorst and Billy Conway is commendable, and the different instruments by a host of musicians find their place, all the elements part of a fabric. The singer doesn't use her voice to command the album as most artists do, but there are textures here, flashes of lyrical brilliance with lap steel guitars, accordion, xylophone, fiddle, and cello weaving in and out... Captivating and very intriguing."
Track listing.
All songs by Kris Delmhorst unless noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18295351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295351" title="Diego C. Asencio">
Diego C. Asencio

Diego Cortes Asencio (born 15 July 1931, Spain) is a diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Colombia (1977–1980) and United States Ambassador to Brazil (1983–86). He is a member of the American Academy of Diplomacy and Council on Foreign Relations.
In 1980 Asencio was - along with a dozen other diplomats - held hostage for 61 days when members of the guerrilla group 19th of April Movement (M-19), led by Rosemberg Pabón, seized the Dominican Republic's embassy in Bogotá.
References.
Article, Washington Post, Dateline Bogota, Colombia, Feb 28, 1980, by Charles A Krause, "Envoy Takes Charge" U.S. Ambassador Wins Respect From All With Candor, Wit and Confident Manner

</doc>
<doc id="18295356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295356" title="Malcolm McColm">
Malcolm McColm

Malcolm Llewellyn McColm (25 June 1914 – 2 May 1966) was an Australian politician. Born in Cardiff, Wales, he migrated to Australia as a child and was educated at Scotch College, Warwick, Queensland. He was a bushworker before serving in the military 1936-46, after which he was a public servant. 
In 1949, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for the new seat of Bowman. He held the seat until his defeat in 1961, after which he became a transport and insurance executive. McColm died in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="18295363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295363" title="John Colagioia">
John Colagioia

John Colagioia is a software engineer in Long Island, New York. He received his Masters of Science Degree in Computer Science from Polytechnic University in 1996, and is an adjunct professor of Computer Science
Colagioia authored the Thue, *W, and programming languages. He is also the co-designer of Wierd. He was a judge for the first, and judge and organizer of the second, Esoteric Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18295368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295368" title="Icelandic Chicken">
Icelandic Chicken

Icelandic Chickens are a breed of chicken from Iceland. Called "íslenska hænan", "Haughænsni" or "landnámshænan" in the Icelandic language, they are a landrace fowl which are rare outside its native country. They are an old breed of chicken, having been present on the island since introduction by Norse settlers in the 9th century. However, despite this isolation, the breed has barely survived in a pure form in the 21st century, largely due to the importation of commercial strains of chickens in the 1950s. The few thousand Icelandic Chickens in existence today are the result of conservation efforts in the 1970s; a handful of flocks have been exported abroad.
Icelandic Chickens are not firmly standardized in appearance, and possess a wide range of plumage colours and patterns, skin colouration and comb types. Some have feather crests.
Despite this variance in appearance, Icelandic Chickens are uniformly hardy in winter, have white earlobes, and lay white to light brown coloured eggs. They are also said to be docile in temperament, and hens will readily go broody. 

</doc>
<doc id="18295369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295369" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Detroit, Michigan">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Detroit, Michigan

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Detroit, Michigan. It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places located in Detroit, Michigan, United States but outside of the Downtown and Midtown neighborhoods. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in Google Maps.
Geographical areas.
The properties on this list are within the city of Detroit but outside of the Downtown/Midtown area bounded by the Lodge Freeway (M-10) to the west, the Edsel Ford Freeway (I-94) on the north, the Chrysler Freeway (I-75) and Interstate 375 on the east, and the Detroit River to the south. Properties on this list are further divided into geographical areas:
There are 127 properties and districts listed on the National Register in Detroit outside of Downtown and Midtown, including five National Historic Landmarks and one property straddling the border with River Rouge, Michigan. There are 121 more properties and districts listed on the National Register in Downtown and Midtown Detroit, including three National Historic Landmarks. These other properties are listed at National Register of Historic Places listings in Downtown and Midtown Detroit, Michigan.
All together there are 248 properties and districts listed on the National Register in Detroit proper. Nine additional properties and districts, including one National Historic Landmark, are located in the Detroit enclave of Highland Park. Three properties are located in the Detroit enclave of Hamtramck. The properties and districts in these two Detroit enclaves, plus 67 others, are listed in this list of non-Detroit NRHP listings in Wayne County.
History of Detroit.
Beginnings.
Detroit, settled in 1701, is one of the oldest cities in the Midwest. It experienced a disastrous fire in 1805 which nearly destroyed the city, leaving little present-day evidence of old Detroit save a few east-side streets named for early French settlers, their ancestors, and some pear trees which were believed to have been planted by early missionaries. After the fire, Judge Augustus B. Woodward designed a plan of evenly spaced public parks with interconnecting semi-circular and diagonal streets. Although Woodward's plan was not fully implemented, the basic outline in still in place today in the heart of the city. Main thoroughfares radiate outward from the center of the city like spokes in a wheel, with Jefferson Avenue running parallel to the river, Woodward Avenue running perpendicular to it, and Gratiot, Michigan, and Grand River Avenues interspersed. A sixth main street, Fort, wanders downriver from the center of the city.
After Detroit rebuilt in the early 19th century, a thriving community soon sprang up, and by the Civil War, over 45,000 people were living in the city, primarily spread along Jefferson Avenue to the east and Fort Street to the west. As in many major American cities, subsequent redevelopment of the central city through the next 150 years has eliminated all but a handful of the antebellum structures in Detroit. The oldest remaining structures are those built as private residences, including a group in the Corktown neighborhood and another set of houses strung along Jefferson Avenue — notably the Charles Trowbridge House (1826, the oldest known structure in the city), the Joseph Campau House (1835), the Sibley House (1848), the Beaubien House (1851), and the Moross House (1855). Other extant pre-1860 structures include Fort Wayne (1849); Saints Peter and Paul Church (1848) and Mariner's Church (1849); and scattered commercial buildings (one in Randolph Street Commercial Buildings Historic District, for example); Unfortunately, the demolition of historic structures continues into the present day: multiple structures listed on the Register, including the Alexander Chene House (1855), have been demolished in the last decade.
Rise of industry and commerce.
As Detroit grew into a thriving hub of commerce and industry, the city spread along Jefferson, with multiple manufacturing firms taking advantage of the transportation resources afforded by the river and a parallel rail line. The shipyard that eventually became the Dry Dock Engine Works-Detroit Dry Dock Company Complex opened on the Detroit River at the foot of Orleans in 1852; Parke-Davis established a center between East Jefferson Avenue and the river in the 1870s; another pharmaceutical firm, the Frederick Stearns Company, built a plant in the same area in the 1890s. Globe Tobacco built a manufacturing facility closer to downtown in 1888.
The rise of manufacturing led to a new class of wealthy industrialists, entrepreneurs, and professionals. Some of these "nouveau riche" built along East Jefferson, resulting in structures such as the Thomas A. Parker House (1868), the Croul-Palms House (1881), the William H. Wells House (1889), the John N. Bagley House (1889), and the Frederick K. Stearns House (1902). However, Detroit began increasingly to turn away from the river, and other citizens pushed north of downtown, building houses along Woodward in what was at the time a quiet residential area. Many of these neighborhoods have disappeared under 20th-century commercialization of the Woodward corridor, but some Victorian structures remain, notably the Elisha Taylor House (1870) and the Hudson-Evans House (1872), both near the Woodward East Historic District; and the Col. Frank J. Hecker House (1888) and the Charles Lang Freer House (1887) in the East Ferry Avenue Historic District. Near the end of the 19th century, apartment living became more acceptable for affluent middle-class families, and upscale apartments, such as the Coronado Apartments (1894), the Verona Apartments (1894), the Palms Apartments (1903), the Davenport Apartments (1905) in the Cass-Davenport Historic District, and the Garden Court Apartments (1915) were constructed to meet the new demand.
These well-to-do late-19th-century residents also funded the construction of a spate of churches, such as the Cass Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church (1883), the First Presbyterian Church (1889), the Trinity Episcopal Church (1890) (built by James E. Scripps), and the First Unitarian Church (1890).
Immigration.
Detroit has long been a city of immigrants, from the early French and English settlers in the 18th century, through the Irish who settled in the Corktown neighborhood in the 1840s, to the Greeks, who settled in the Greektown neighborhood in the early 20th century and the southern whites and African-Americans who came to Detroit in the years before the Great Depression. Detroit's industrial boom in the later 19th century created yet another stream of immigrants into Detroit. Perhaps the most significant contingents during this period were the German and Polish immigrants who settled in Detroit in the 1860-1890s. Germans came first, establishing German-speaking churches, primarily on the east side of the city, including Saint John's-St. Luke's Evangelical Church (1872), St. Joseph Catholic Church (1873), and Sacred Heart Roman Catholic Church (1875), as well as social clubs such as the Harmonie Club (1894) and west-side churches such as St. Boniface (1882) and Gethsemane Evangelical Lutheran Church (1891). Close behind, a wave of Polish immigrants established east-side Roman Catholic parishes such as St. Albertus (1885), Sweetest Heart Of Mary (1893), St. Josaphat's (1901), St. Stanislaus (1911), and St. Thomas the Apostle Catholic Church (1923). The Poles also settled on the west side, founding West Side Dom Polski (1916).
Birth of the automobile.
Around the start of the 20th century, entrepreneurs in the Detroit area—notably Henry Ford—forged into production of the automobile, capitalizing on the already-existing machine tool and coach-building industry in the city. Early automotive production is recognizable by structures such as Ford's Piquette Plant (1904) (a National Historic Landmark), and multiple structures in the surrounding Piquette Avenue Industrial Historic District (including the now-destroyed E-M-F/Studebaker Plant, 1906) and the New Amsterdam Historic District (including the original Cadillac factory, 1905) and small factories such as the Crescent Brass and Pin Company Building (1905).
Automobile assembly and associated manufacturing soon dominated Detroit, and the newly minted automotive magnates built commercial and office buildings such as General Motors Building (1919), the General Motors Research Laboratory (1928), and the Fisher Building (1928).
Changes wrought by the automobile.
The development of the automobile industry led to rising demands for labor, which were filled by huge numbers of newcomers from Europe and the American South. Between 1900 and 1930, the city's population soared from 265,000 to over 1.5 million, pushing the boundaries of the city outward. The population boom led to the construction of apartment buildings across the city, aimed at the middle-class auto worker. These include the Somerset Apartments (1922), the Garden Court Apartments (1915), and the Manchester Apartments (1915).
At the same time, new upscale neighborhoods farther from the center of the city sprang up, including Boston-Edison, Indian Village, and Palmer Woods. The wealthy moved into these more exclusive neighborhoods as the once-exclusive Woodward Avenue neighborhoods (such as the Warren-Prentis Historic District and the Willis-Selden Historic District) became mixed with apartments and commercial buildings. As the population spread outwards, new churches were constructed to serve the newly populated areas, notably the Roman Catholic Cathedral of the Most Blessed Sacrament (1913), the Woodward Avenue Presbyterian Church (1908), the Metropolitan United Methodist Church (1922), and the St. Theresa of Avila Roman Catholic Church (1919).
The rise of the automobile also required rethinking transportation within the city. The Chestnut Street-Grand Trunk Railroad bridge (1929) was a result of a grade separation that unsnarled train and automobile traffic. The Fort Street-Pleasant Street and Norfolk & Western Railroad Viaduct (1928) was a product of the same program, routing trucking trafficover the train traffic. And the West Jefferson Avenue – Rouge River Bridge (1922) allowed the Rouge River to be expanded for barge traffic.
Automobile wealth led to a boom in downtown Detroit business, and the construction of a collection of early-20th-century skyscrapers. The most notable of these is the Art Deco National Historic Landmark Guardian Building (1928), but numerous other significant office buildings such as the Vinton Building (1916), the Barlum Tower (1927), and the Lawyers Building (1922) were also constructed. The building boom was not confined to businesses. Shopping districts sprang up along Park Avenue, Broadway, and Woodward. Multiple hotels were constructed, including the Fort Shelby Hotel (1916), the Detroit-Leland Hotel (1927), the Royal Palm Hotel (1924), and many others. Extravagant movie theaters such as the Fox (1928) and the Palms (1925) were constructed. And public buildings, such as Orchestra Hall (1919), the Detroit Public Library (1921), and the Detroit Institute of Arts (1923).
African-Americans.
During the early years of Detroit, the African-American population was relatively small. However, the Second Baptist Church (1857; rebuilt 1914) was founded with an African-American congregation in the 1830s; the church played an instrumental role in the Underground Railroad, due to Detroit's proximity to Canada. The auto boom of the 20th century changed the population, and in the years following World War I, the black population of Detroit soared. In 1910, fewer than 6000 blacks called the city home; in 1917 more than 30,000 blacks lived in Detroit. Significant African-American structures in Detroit are related to the struggle with segregation: Dunbar Hospital (founded 1914), the Ossian H. Sweet House (1925), and the Sugar Hill neighborhood. However, other structures, such as the Breitmeyer-Tobin Building (1905) are tributes to the slow integration in the latter half of the 20th century.
Architecture.
A number of notable architects worked in Detroit, including D. H. Burnham & Company; Donaldson and Meier; McKim, Mead, and White; Smith, Hinchman, and Grylls (and Wirt C. Rowland); and Minoru Yamasaki. However, Albert Kahn deserves special recognition for the scope and variety of his work in the city, and the number of Kahn-buildings buildings listed in the National Register. Kahn designed large industrial buildings such as the Highland Park Ford Plant (1908) in nearby Highland Park (a National Historic Landmark), Fisher Body Plant 21 (1921) in the Piquette Avenue Industrial Historic District, and his addition to the Frederick Stearns Building (1906).
Kahn's output extended to a range of building types, notably office buildings such as the General Motors Building (1919) and the Fisher Building (1928) — both National Historic Landmarks — as well as the Edwin S. George Building (1908), the Vinton Building (1916), the S. S. Kresge World Headquarters (1928), the Griswold Building (1929), and a string of banks and highrises in the Detroit Financial District. Kahn also designed private homes (the Bernard Ginsburg House, 1898; the Albert Kahn House, 1906; and homes in Boston-Edison, Rosedale Park, and Indian Village), apartment and hotel buildings (the Palms Apartments, 1903; the Addison Hotel in the Midtown Woodward Historic District, 1905, Garden Court Apartments, 1915; and 1001 Covington in the Palmer Park Apartment Building Historic District, 1925), churches (the 1903 Temple Beth-El; the 1923 Temple Beth-El; and additions on the First Congregational Church, 1921), and theatres (the National Theatre, 1911).

</doc>
<doc id="18295380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295380" title="Jack Comber">
Jack Comber

Jack Comber (15 April 1919 – 23 October 1992) was an Australian politician. Born in Broken Hill, New South Wales, he was educated at St Kevin's College in Melbourne before becoming a shop assistant. He served in the military 1941-46 and returned to become a store manager and insurance consultant. In 1961, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for the Queensland seat of Bowman, defeating sitting MP Malcolm McColm. Comber was defeated in 1963 and retired from politics. He died in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18295393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295393" title="Reginald Bartholomew">
Reginald Bartholomew

Reginald Bartholomew (February 17, 1936, Portland, Maine – August 26, 2012, New York City, New York) was an American diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Lebanon (1983–86), Spain (1986–89), and Italy (1993–97). He was a member of the American Academy of Diplomacy and Council on Foreign Relations. He was a former member of the United States National Security Council (1977–1979). From 1964-68, he was a professor of government at Wesleyan University.
Personal life.
He died in New York City, aged 76, from cancer. His survivors include his wife of 56 years, Rose-Anne (née Dognin), four children, a brother, and seven grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="18295394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295394" title="Long Beach Memorial Medical Center">
Long Beach Memorial Medical Center

Long Beach Memorial Medical Center is a hospital in Long Beach, California. It is the flagship hospital of the MemorialCare Health System.
It was established as Seaside Hospital in 1907. Incorporated as Seaside Memorial Hospital on June 23, 1937. In 1960, it moved to its present location. The hospital is accredited by the Joint Commission.
Named among the top eight hospitals in the Los Angeles Metro area U.S. News & World Report, Long Beach Memorial has been providing compassionate care with for more than 100 years. Long Beach Memorial is one of only 3 hospitals in California with a 320 Slice CT Scanner and preventative technology and programs such as the Electromagnetic Navigation Bronchoscope (ENB™) and the Division of Interventional Neuroradiology. Centers of Excellence include the MemorialCare Heart and Vascular Institute, the MemorialCare Todd Cancer Institute, the MemorialCare Rehabilitation Institute, the MemorialCare Orthopedic Institute, the MemorialCare Neuroscience Institute, MemorialCare Joint Replacement Center, Stroke Program and the Emergency Department and Trauma Center.
Miller Children's Hospital is located on the campus of Long Beach Memorial Medical Center.
History.
Long Beach Memorial was first established as Seaside Hospital in 1907, then incorporated as Seaside Memorial Hospital on June 23, 1937. In 1960, it moved to its present location. In April 2012, Susan Melvin, D.O., clinical professor at UCI-School of Medicine and Western University of Health Sciences, assumed the position of Chief Medical Officer.
The hospital is a recognized Magnet Hospital.
Union.
Registered Nurses of LBMMC have been represented by the California Nurses Association since 2001, a labor union and professional nurses association.

</doc>
<doc id="18295411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295411" title="Atlantic City (1944 film)">
Atlantic City (1944 film)

Atlantic City is a 1944 musical romance directed by Ray McCarey. The film concerns the formative years of Atlantic City, New Jersey. Vaudeville acts are re-created in the story of how Atlantic City became a famous resort. The supporting cast features Louis Armstrong and Dorothy Dandridge. The film was reissued in 1950 under the title Atlantic City Honeymoon.
Plot.
In 1915, Atlantic City is a sleepy seaside resort, but Brad Taylor, son of a small hotel and vaudeville house proprietor, has big plans: he thinks it can be "the playground of the world." Brad's wheeling and dealing proves remarkably successful in attracting big enterprises and big shows, but brings him little success in personal relationships. Full of nostalgic songs and acts, some with the original artists.

</doc>
<doc id="18295422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295422" title="Charles Long, 1st Baron Farnborough">
Charles Long, 1st Baron Farnborough

Charles Long, 1st Baron Farnborough GCB PC PC (Ire) FRS FSA (2 January 1760 – 17 January 1838) was an English politician and connoisseur of the arts.
Early life.
Born in London, he was the fourth son of West Indies merchant Beeston Long and his wife Sarah Cropp. A senior branch of the family of Hurts Hall in Suffolk established themselves in Jamaica after the conquest of the island in 1665 ("see Edward Long)". Educated at a private school in Greenwich and at Emmanuel College, Cambridge, Long matriculated in 1779, but is not known to have taken a degree. He was entered at the Inner Temple, later making the grand tour between 1786 and 1788, exploring Rome and laying the foundation of his art collection under the tuition of James Byres.
Political career.
Long was a friend of William Pitt, whom he had met at Cambridge, and his involvement in politics began as early as 1788 when he was canvassing for Lord Hood, the ministerial candidate in the Westminster election, and he himself entered parliament in January 1789 as member for Rye, a Treasury controlled seat. He afterwards sat as member for Midhurst (1796–1802) and for Wendover (1802-6), (boroughs whose parliamentary representatives were nominated by Pitt's friend Lord Carrington) and for Haselmere (1806–26), where the sole patron was the Pittite Earl of Lonsdale. Becoming junior secretary to the Treasury in 1791, he acted as parliamentary whip and teller and in 1796 on the government's behalf, undertook much of the general election management. In 1801 when Pitt left office, Long followed, and was rewarded with a yearly pension of £1500. At Pitt's behest he was appointed Treasury advisor to the Prime Minister Henry Addington, and in 1802 was sworn of the Privy Council. 
The following year his house at Bromley Hill in Kent was the location for negotiations between Pitt and Addington, in which he was the chief intermediary. When Pitt returned to power in 1804 Long was made a lord of the Treasury (1804-6) and then chief secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland (1805-6). He took office in the Portland ministry as paymaster-general of the forces after Pitt's death in 1806, a post he retained until 1826 when he retired from politics. He was offered the Chancellorship of the Exchequer and the Secretaryship at War by Perceval, both of which he refused, considering himself neither inclined nor fit to fill either position. Except on matters arising from his ministerial responsibilities, he rarely spoke in the House of Commons. Rather than an initiator of policy, his strengths lay in his loyal and efficient political adjucations. In 1792 with Sir James Bland Burges, Long established the "Sun" newspaper as an instrument of the Tories, and he was the author of pamphlets on the French Revolution (1795) and the price of bread (1800).
In 1820 King George IV made Long a Knight of the Bath, and on his retirement from political life in 1826 he was raised to the peerage as "Baron Farnborough, of Bromley-Hill-Place, in the county of Kent". (Farnborough was then a village in Kent, near his country residence). Long was elected FRS in 1792, FSA in 1812, and was given an honorary LLD by his old university in 1833. The arts were Long's real passion, but due to limited resources he was unable to be a major patron or collector in his own right, however, as a minister and MP he was influential in furthering artistic causes such as the establishment of the National Gallery and the purchase of the Elgin marbles, and was a founder of the British Institution in 1805. He acted as intermediary in 1792 between Pitt and Humphry Repton over improvements to the former's grounds at Holwood, and in 1799 when the Altieri Claudes were brought to England, they were first exhibited to English connoisseurs at Long's house in Grosvenor Place. In subsequent years he maintained a high profile in connection with his public patronage of the arts. A committee of taste was appointed in 1802 to supervise the erection of monuments to the heroes of the Napoleonic wars, of which Long was chairman, and in 1809 the responsibilities were extended to the repair of Henry VII's chapel at Westminster, with money voted by parliament. Long was consulted on everything from the need for a fig-leaf on the heroic statue honouring the Duke of Wellington, that had been subscribed for by the ladies of Great Britain (1821), to the appropriate order for the facade of the privy council offices in Whitehall (1824).
Retirement from politics.
Long's political ambitions were modest, though his retirement was nevertheless, a reluctant one. His reputation as an arbiter of taste led in 1834, to the opening of a campaign for the establishment of an Institution of British Architects, by way of an open letter to Lord Farnborough. He was an active trustee both of the British Museum and of the National Gallery, and as deputy director he was for many years a leading figure in the affairs of the British Institution. Long's advice on artistic matters was valued at the highest level. George IV, both as prince regent and as king, consulted him frequently over the commissioning of architecture, sculpture and painting. The prince's secretary once said that in matters of art, "The Prince Regent saw through Mr. Long's spectacles". Long negotiated royal commissions with artists such as Canova, Westmacott, and Lawrence, and when the king decided to reconstruct Windsor Castle, Long drew up a brief which detailed every important feature of the castle as subsequently remodelled by Jeffry Wyattville, from the formation of the Grand Corridor to the heightening of the keep, and he also made a sketch-plan in 1823 for the sunken garden below the east terrace. 
Only a few miles from Pitt's at Holwood, Long's own country villa at Bromley Hill in Kent was an elegant enlargement of an earlier house which he bought in 1801. He and his wife were amateur artists and architects, and provided their own designs for the improvement to the house. The extensive grounds were progressively improved to create a much-admired garden which by 1809 offered two picturesque walks, each a mile long, and a distant view of the dome of St Paul's Cathedral. It was here that Long entertained George IV, William IV, and Queen Adelaide. He died here on 17 January 1838, leaving to the National Gallery fifteen artworks by Rubens, Vandyck, Canaletto, Teniers, Mola, Cuyp, and others.
Lady Farnborough.
Long married in 1793 Amelia Hume, eldest daughter of the prominent art collector Sir Abraham Hume, 2nd Baronet, by Amelia, daughter of John Egerton, Bishop of Durham. A watercolourist and garden designer, she completed her formal classical education with a visit to Italy, prior to her marriage. She designed the celebrated Italianate grounds at their country residence Bromley Hill, which subsequently became the main source for her sketches. Reputed to be the favourite pupil of Thomas Girtin, her early work is distinguished by a broad topographical style, and later work was influenced by Henry Edridge and Dr Thomas Monro. She died 15 January 1837, and a London newspaper reported that her husband Lord Farnborough was "dangerously ill in consequence of a shock occasioned by the death of his lady". He never properly recovered his health, and died a year later. There were no children from the marriage.
Sources.
"Dictionary of National Biography" Long, Charles, Baron Farnborough, by Howard Colvin 

</doc>
<doc id="18295424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295424" title="Wylie Gibbs">
Wylie Gibbs

Wylie Talbot Gibbs (born 26 July 1922) was an Australian politician. Born in Queensland, he was educated at Ipswich Boys' Grammar School and the University of Queensland before becoming a doctor and grazier. He was a doctor with the Royal Flying Doctor Service 1947-48 and was a house surgeon in London, England, 1949-51. From 1953-64 he was a surgeon in Ipswich and Brisbane. In 1963 he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Bowman, defeating Labor member Jack Comber. He held the seat until his defeat in 1969, after which he became Executive Director of the Australian Pharmaceuticals Manufacturers' Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="18295435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295435" title="Gonosan Station">
Gonosan Station

History.
Gonosan Station was opened on October 1, 1924 as a station on the Bisai Railway, which was acquired by Meitetsu on August 1, 1925. A new station building was completed in March 2006. 
Layout.
Gonosan Station has a single side platform for bi-directional traffic. The platform is short, and can handle trains of four carriages in length. The station is normally unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18295444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295444" title="Saya Station">
Saya Station

History.
Saya Station was opened on April 3, 1898 as the middle of three stations on a section of line by the privately held Bisai Railroad, which was purchased by Meitetsu on August 1, 1925 becoming the Meitetsu Bisai Line.
Layout.
Saya Station has a single island platform and a single side platform, connected by an overpass. The platforms are not even: platform 1 can accommodate trains of eight carriages in length, whereas platforms 2 and 3 are shorter, and can accommodate trains of only up to six carriages. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad
 

</doc>
<doc id="18295445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295445" title="Boulevard du Montparnasse">
Boulevard du Montparnasse

The Boulevard du Montparnasse is a two-way boulevard in Montparnasse, in the 6th, 14th et 15th arrondissements in Paris.
Situation.
The boulevard joins the place Léon Paul Fargue and place Camille Jullian. The Tour Montparnasse and place du 18 juin 1940 also found along it.

</doc>
<doc id="18295451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295451" title="Line 6, Beijing Subway">
Line 6, Beijing Subway

Line 6 of the Beijing Subway () is a rapid transit rail line in central Beijing. The line currently runs parallel to the north of Line 1 and the Batong Line, from Wulu in Haidian to Caofang in Chaoyang District. It is planned that the line will be extended by 2015 in both directions: to Shijingshan to the west, and to Tongzhou to the east. With these extensions, it is expected to be 50.67 km long with 32 stations.
Line 6 uses Beijing Subway's highest capacity rolling stock to date featuring 8-car size B train sets accommodating 1,960 people, compared to the standard 6 cars found on other lines except the Airport Express line which has 4-car train sets. 
It is also the fastest in the subway system, with trains capable of reaching the speed of 100 km/h compared to 80 km/h on other lines. Stations to the east of the 3rd Ring Road to Tongzhou are more widely spaced, the furthest being 4 km apart. These factors allows passengers to travel the whole line in just 48 minutes. Line 6 also has the deepest station at Dongsi, 34 meters underground. The line uses 1500V overhead catenary as opposed to 750V third rail used on other lines.
Route and Stations.
Construction is planned in three phases, the first phase in central Beijing, followed by extensions into the eastern and western suburbs. Line 6 is projected to have a short term volume of 700,000 passengers per day and a long term daily passenger traffic of 1.4 million passengers. Though due to its alignment through some of Beijing's densest residential neighborhoods and paralleling the overcapacity and busy Line 1, some industry leaders believe that the average daily passenger flow of the line may exceeded 1.4 million sooner than expected.
Phase I.
In Phase I, Line 6 runs 30 km from Wulu in Haidian District to Caoying in Tongzhou District following Linglong Road, Sanlihe Road, Chaoyang North Rd., the west bank of the Grand Canal, and Grand Canal East Road. Of the 20 planned stations, 12 will offer transfer connections to other lines. Construction began in December 2007 and was completed in 2012. Total investment for Phase I was estimated at ¥19.7 billion.
Planned stations from west to east (and transfer stations other lines -- bold denotes lines in operation; "italic" denotes lines under construction):
Stations.
Line 6 in Phase I was originally slated to have elevated tracks for 7 km, east of the 5th Ring Road, from Dingfuzhuang and Changying. After residents along the route raised concerns about train noise, planners reconsidered and ultimately decided to keep all of Phase I under ground.
Phase II (eastern extension).
In Phase II, Line 6 will be extended further east by about 12 km through 7 stations from Caofang to Dongxiaoying in the Tongzhou New City. It is planned to have express and local services using passing tracks at select stations. Planned stations, from west to east: 
Like Phase I, Phase II track will be entirely underground.
Phase III (western extension).
In 2011, city planning authorities proposed to detach from the planned Line S1 of the Beijing Suburban Railway (Mentougou Line) and add to Line 6 as a western extension, a 8.9-km section with five stations from Pingguoyuan to Tiancun. The revision, made in response to public concerns about electromagnetic radiation from maglev trains on Line S1 and to expand Pingguoyuan into mass transit hub, was formalized and submitted to the National Development and Reform Commission for review in March 2012.
The planned stations, from west to east, are:
Three of the five stations will be below ground and the other two stations will be elevated above ground.

</doc>
<doc id="18295456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295456" title="Hibino Station (Aisai)">
Hibino Station (Aisai)

History.
Hibino Station was opened on December 19, 1907 as a station on the privately held Bisai Railroad, which was purchased by Meitetsu on August 1, 1925 becoming the Meitetsu Bisai Line. The station has been unattended since July 2005.
Layout.
Hibino Station has a single island platform, connected to the station building by a level crossing. The platforms can accommodate trains of only up to six carriages.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18295460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295460" title="Sutter Cemetery">
Sutter Cemetery

Sutter Cemetery, also known South Butte Cemetery, is located in Sutter, California. One person of note buried here is Dolly Gray, who played major league baseball from 1909 to 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="18295468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295468" title="Tsushima Station">
Tsushima Station

History.
Tsushima Station was opened on April 3, 1893, as a terminal station of the privately owned Bisai Railroad, on the same day as the opposing terminal, Yatomi Station, and Saya Station. Meitetsu bought the Bisai Railroad on August 1, 1925. On October 25, 1932, former Shin-Tsushima Station on Meitetsu's Tsushima Line was rebuilt as part of Tsushima Station. The tracks were elevated and station rebuilt in 1968.
Layout.
Tsushima Station has a single elevated island platform. Trains of both the Bisai Line and the Tsushima Line use the same platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18295474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295474" title="Movilița, Vrancea">
Movilița, Vrancea

Moviliţa is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Diocheţi-Rediu, Frecăţei, Moviliţa, Trotuşanu and Văleni.

</doc>
<doc id="18295477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295477" title="Măicănești">
Măicănești

Măicăneşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Belciugele, Măicăneşti, Râmniceni, Slobozia Boteşti, Stupina and Tătaru.

</doc>
<doc id="18295478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295478" title="Jitia">
Jitia

Jitia is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Cerbu, Dealu Sării, Jitia, Jitia de Jos and Măgura.

</doc>
<doc id="18295479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295479" title="Jariștea">
Jariștea

Jariştea is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Jariştea, Pădureni, Scânteia and Vărsătura.

</doc>
<doc id="18295481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295481" title="Homocea">
Homocea

Homocea is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Costişa, Homocea and Lespezi.

</doc>
<doc id="18295482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295482" title="Gura Caliței">
Gura Caliței

Gura Caliţei is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of ten villages: Bălăneşti, Cocoşari, Dealu Lung, Groapa Tufei, Gura Caliţei, Lacu lui Baban, Plopu, Poenile, Raşca and Şotârcari.

</doc>
<doc id="18295484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295484" title="Gugești">
Gugești

Gugeşti () is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Gugeşti and Oreavu.

</doc>
<doc id="18295486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295486" title="Gologanu">
Gologanu

Gologanu is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Gologanu, and was part of Milcovul commune from 1968 until 2004, when it split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18295487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295487" title="Golești, Vrancea">
Golești, Vrancea

Goleşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Ceardac and Goleşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18295488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295488" title="Garoafa">
Garoafa

Garoafa is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Bizigheşti, Ciuşlea, Doaga, Făurei, Garoafa, Precistanu, Răchitosu and Străjescu.

</doc>
<doc id="18295489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295489" title="Dumitrești">
Dumitrești

Dumitreşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of sixteen villages: Biceştii de Jos, Biceştii de Sus, Blidari, Dumitreşti, Dumitreştii de Sus, Dumitreştii-Faţă, Găloieşti, Lăstuni, Lupoaia, Motnău, Poieniţa, Roşcari, Siminoc, Tinoasa, Trestia and Valea Mică.

</doc>
<doc id="18295490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295490" title="Dumbrăveni, Vrancea">
Dumbrăveni, Vrancea

Dumbrăveni is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Alexandru Vlahuţă, Cândeşti, Dragosloveni and Dumbrăveni. From 1948 to 1964, during the rule of Communist dictator Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej, the commune was called "Generalisimul Suvorov", after Alexander Suvorov, the 18th-century Russian general who won several battles in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18295500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295500" title="Coe Memorial Park">
Coe Memorial Park

Coe Memorial Park is located in Torrington, Connecticut.
Origins.
Torrington’s original town common was in what is now a rural area off Union Drive; no evidence of it remains. Today, Coe Memorial Park, located just south of the Naugatuck River, functions as the town green. It was given to the Town of Torrington on November 6, 1906, by Adelaide E. Coe Godfrey, Edward Turner Coe, and Ella Seymour Coe, as a memorial to their parents, Lyman Wetmore Coe, President of Coe Brass Company, and his wife, Eliza Seymour Coe, whose home had been on the property. The donation was made with several stipulations including that (1) a street, known as Elm Street, near the rear of the property be removed and abandoned, (2) the Coe’s home and outbuildings be removed; (3) Mrs. Coe’s large, Victorian greenhouse be removed, and (4) a monument be erected acknowledging the gift and its benefactors. These were unfortunate losses, but it gave the town a green or park at the fringe of the center. Additional parcels were later added to the Park and today, it covers about five acres.
Designer.
Coe Memorial Park was designed by James W. Scott in 1907 or 1908. Scott is also responsible for Keney Park in Hartford. Percival Gallagher of the Olmsted Brothers firm in Boston had been retained by the town selectmen to prepare drawings for the Park in 1907. These drawings were completed, but not executed even though a number of later town records credit Mr. Gallagher with the design. Shortly after, the Park was completed according to Mr. Scott’s plan.
A great drama was made of the selection of a boulder upon which to place the memorial plaque for the Coes. The selected boulder weighed 15 tons and was moved through the center of town to the Park on the logging wagon pulled by twenty horses. The Civil War monument was originally erected in front of Town Hall in 1879 and was moved to Coe Memorial Park in 1936.
Memorial Park.
The Coe Memorial Park Civic Center was built in 1973 on the Park to provide a civic meeting center and offices for the town recreation department much to the dismay of the descendants. A monumental stone sculpture fountain designed by Massachusetts’ artist Edward Monti (who in 2004 worked on a Holmstead-planned public art installation in Quincy, Massachusetts's Merrymount Park) was erected in the Park in 1981 and dedicated to all Veterans of the Vietnam War era. A plan for revitalization of the Park was proposed in 1983, (with the misinformation that the Olmsted Brothers had originally designed the Park); portions of the plan have been executed.
In 1997, the Coe Memorial Park Subcommittee was established by then-Mayor Mary Jane Gryniuk to oversee the management of the Park. 
Located on the previous site of the Coe’s grand Victorian home, the Park was created as a living memorial to the Coes by their children, Edward Turner Coe, Adelaide Eliza Coe Godfrey, and Ella Seymour Coe. Adelaide's husband, William H. K. Godfrey, was also one of the property's owners. Over the years, it has taken on the role of a New England town green for those who live in Torrington. It serves a commemorative function as well as providing a gathering place in the heart of the town to celebrate holidays and other events. It offers a welcome refuge in an otherwise densely developed area.
Coe Memorial Park is the beneficiary of a Trust established in 1922 by Adelaide Coe Godfrey, one of the Park’s original donors. The Trust solely provides the funds necessary for the care, maintenance, and improvement of Coe Memorial Park.
Master Plan.
Beginning in 2001, the Coe Memorial Park Subcommittee has been working with Ferrero Hixon Associates and the City of Torrington on the Coe Memorial Park Master Plan. These plans were undertaken to complete the historical restoration of the Park grounds. With the assistance of The Garden Goddess LLC, it has become a botanical horticultural oasis in the heart of an urban downtown. 
Phase I of the Coe Memorial Park Master Plan for the historic restoration was completed in 2005, re-sculpting the walkways and installing the gardens. Phase II is being developed and construction should begin in the near future. Phase III will address the restoration of the Carriage House which is the sole remnant of Alice Alvord's home and property.

</doc>
<doc id="18295502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295502" title="Richard E. Benedick">
Richard E. Benedick

Richard Elliot Benedick is President of the National Council for Science and the Environment. He is a former diplomat and was chief United States negotiator to the Montreal Protocol on protection of the ozone layer. He is a member of the American Academy of Diplomacy.
Ambassador Richard Benedick has played a major role in global environmental affairs as chief U.S. negotiator and a principal architect of the historic Montreal Protocol on protection of the ozone layer, and as Special Advisor to Secretaries-General of both the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development (Rio de Janeiro, 1992) and the International Conference on Population and Development (Cairo, 1994). After serving several years on Battelle’s International Advisory Board, he became in 1998 Deputy Director in the Environmental and Health Sciences Division at theirWashington D.C. office of Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL), and since 2001 is Senior Advisor to the PNNL-University of Maryland Joint Global Change Research Institute.
Since 1994 Dr. Benedick has also been President of the National Council for Science and the Environment, an organization of over 500 universities, scientific societies, industry and civic groups dedicated to improving the scientific basis for environmental decision making. He is concurrently Visiting Fellow since 1995 at the Wissenschaftszentrum Berlin (Social Science Research Center). His acclaimed book, Ozone Diplomacy: New Directions in Safeguarding the Planet (Harvard University Press, 1991, enlarged ed. 1998; Japanese ed. 1999), was selected by McGraw-Hill for an anthology of twentieth-century environmental classics and is used in universities throughout the world. He has lectured at more than 80 professional bodies and universities, serves on several boards, and is consulted by international agencies, governments, foundations and industry. He has organized and/or presided over numerous international conferences and negotiations on environment, development, population, and science policy. In 2005, he served on the National Academy of Sciences Committee on Analysis of Global Change Assessments. He currently focuses on climate policy and has promoted the concept of “an architecture of parallel regimes.” He is regularly cited by U.S. and international media.
Benedick was elected in 1991 to the World Academy of Art and Science, and in 2002 to the American Academy of Diplomacy, an association of 100 former cabinet secretaries, ambassadors, and statesmen “who have made notable contributions to American foreign policy.” He received the highest Presidential career public service honors (Distinguished and Meritorious Service Awards), the State Department’s John Jacob Rogers medal, and the 1997 United Nations Global Ozone Award and 2007 Twentieth Anniversary Ozone Award. Other distinctions include two State Department Superior Honor medals; visiting fellow, National Center for Atmospheric Research; senior fellow, World Wildlife Fund; Stimson Fellow in International Relations at Yale University; Phi Beta Kappa; Tönisssteiner Kreis; and awards from the Academy of Athens, the Climate Institute, the Holy See, and Population Reference Bureau. He has been in Who’s Who in America since 1980. 
A career diplomat, Dr. Benedick served in Iran, Pakistan, Paris, Bonn, and Athens. As Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Environment, Health, and Natural Resources, he supervised policy formation and international negotiations on climate change, stratospheric ozone, biotechnology, tropical forests, oceans, wildlife conservation, and AIDS. Previously, he headed policy divisions at State Department responsible for global population policies and biomedical research, and for economic assistance and multilateral finance. In 1977, he was selected for the Senior Seminar, the U.S. government’s highest study program. He has led many international delegations and testified before the U.S. Congress and foreign parliaments, most recently in 2005 before the Senate on science and environmental policy. 
Over 120 publications in the U.S. and abroad include Industrial Finance in Iran, From Amenemhet to Aswan: Transformation of the Nile, and articles/chapters published by, i.a., The American Assembly, American Physical Society, Aspen Institute, Max Planck Gesellschaft, National Academy of Sciences, and Scientific American. He holds an A.B. summa cum laude, Columbia; M.A. (honors, economics) Yale; D.B.A. Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration; Evans Fellow at Oxford, in metaphysical poetry; D.Sc. honoris causa, North Carolina State University, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18295504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295504" title="Ficus coronata">
Ficus coronata

Ficus coronata, commonly known as the Sandpaper Fig or Creek Sandpaper Fig, is a species of fig tree, native to Australia. It is found along the east coast from Mackay in Central Queensland, through New South Wales and just into Victoria near Mallacoota. It grows along river banks and gullies in rainforest and open forest. Its common name is derived from its rough sandpapery leaves, which it shares with the other sandpaper figs.
Taxonomy.
It was first described by the Italian Marquese di Spigno in 1818. Its specific epithet the Latin "coronata" "crowned", referring to a ring of bristles around the apex of the fruit. "Ficus stephanocarpa" (also meaning 'crowned fruit') as described by the German botanist Otto Warburg is a synonym.
Description.
The sandpaper fig is a small tree which may reach the dimensions of 6–12 m (20–40 ft) tall by 3–5 m (10–15 ft) wide, although is generally smaller. The trunk is dark brown, and the ovate or elliptical leaves are 5–15 cm (2–6 in) long by 2–5 cm (1–2 in) wide and very scabrous (rough) like sandpaper on the upper side. The new growth is hairy. The succulent oval fruit is around 1.5 cm (0.6 in) long and covered in dense hairs.
Distribution and habitat.
The Sandpaper fig is found along watercourses and gullies in rainforest, and less commonly in open forest. It may be associated with the rough-barked apple ("Angophora floribunda"). It is found on limestone outcrops in Kanangra-Boyd National Park. It is found from Mackay southwards through New South Wales and into eastern Victoria where it is listed as "threatened" under the Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act 1988. There is one record from the Northern Territory.
Ecology.
"Ficus coronata" serves as a food plant for the caterpillars of the Queensland butterfly the Common- or Purple Moonbeam ("Philiris innotatus"), The Australasian Figbird ("Sphecotheres vieilloti"), Green Catbird ("Ailuroedus crassirostris"), Olive-backed Oriole ("Oriolus sagittatus"), Topknot Pigeon ("Lopholaimus antarcticus"), and Grey-headed Flying Fox ("Pteropus poliocephalus") are among those animals who consume the fruit.
Uses.
The fruit is edible and palatable, and was consumed by local aborigines. 
A popular story holds that the fig's leaves were used as sandpaper for polishing wood or turtle shells by indigenous people, yet when tested by Bonsai and fig enthusiast Len Webber, they were too brittle and soft to function in this fashion.
The Sandpaper Fig's leaves are an attractive attribute which may be highlighted with bonsai, although the trunk may not thicken spontaneously. It is suited to a shady position in gardens, or medium to brightly lit indoor spaces. Like all figs in garden situations, they attract birds, such as species of silvereye and rainforest pigeon.

</doc>
<doc id="18295512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295512" title="USS Surprise (1815)">
USS Surprise (1815)

The second USS "Surprise" and third American naval ship of the name was a ketch that served in the United States Navy from 1815 to 1820.
"Surprise" was purchased by the U.S. Navy at New Orleans, Louisiana, in March 1815 for operations in a small squadron commanded by Commodore Daniel Todd Patterson against pirates and slave traders.
On 18 June 1818, "Surprise", commanded by Lieutenant Isaac M'Keever, captured the schooners "Merino" and "Louisa", which carried between them 25 slaves. M'Keever took the prizes to Mobile, Alabama, where they were condemned after prolonged litigation.
In the autumn of 1818, "Surprise" captured a buccaneer schooner which had been operating out of Galveston, Texas, under Mexican colors. On board the prize was General Humbert, a Frenchman, who was the head of the nest of pirates at Galveston.
"Surprise" was sold at New Orleans in 1820.

</doc>
<doc id="18295524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295524" title="Thomas Macdonald-Paterson">
Thomas Macdonald-Paterson

Thomas Macdonald-Paterson (9 May 1844 – 21 March 1906) was an Australian politician, a member of the Parliament of Queensland, and later, the Parliament of Australia.
Macdonald-Paterson was born in Glasgow, Scotland, he was educated there privately before migrating to Australia in 1861, where he became a butcher, speculator and lawyer. In 1878 he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for Rockhampton; he transferred to Moreton in 1883 and to the Legislative Council in 1885, remaining there until 1887. He was a delegate to the Federation Convention of 1891, and returned to the Legislative Assembly in 1896 as the member for North Brisbane.
In 1901 he transferred to federal politics, winning the Australian House of Representatives seat of Brisbane. Although there was no protectionist organisation in Queensland, he joined the Protectionist Party when the parliament sat. In 1903, the National Liberal Union (a protectionist organisation) endorsed another candidate in Brisbane, and the division of the protectionist vote allowed a Labor candidate to defeat Macdonald-Paterson. He died in 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="18295531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295531" title="Miles from the Lightning">
Miles from the Lightning

Miles from the Lightning is the debut album of singer/songwriter Jeffrey Foucault, released in 2001. It is a low-key album mainly consisting of ballads. He is joined by Peter Mulvey.
Reception.
Writing for "No Depression", music critic Linda Ray called Foucault "the bard of small-town anywhere" and wrote of the album "Foucault delivers his plaintive poetry in the troubadour tradition... His insights are of the small, cold places in Wisconsin he calls home."
Track listing.
All songs by Jeffrey Foucault.
Personnel.
Production notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18295535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295535" title="Machikata Station">
Machikata Station

History.
Machikata Station was opened on October 1, 1924 as on the privately held Bisai Railroad, which was purchased by Meitetsu on August 1, 1925 becoming the Meitetsu Bisai Line. The station was closed in 1944, and reopened in 1956 under its present name. The platforms were reconstructed in 1974 and rearranged into their present configuration in 2004.
Layout.
Machikata Station has a two opposed side platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18295536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295536" title="Montana Power Company">
Montana Power Company

The Montana Power Company (MPC) was an electric utility company based in Butte, Montana which provided electricity to Montana consumers and industry from 1912 to 1997.
History.
The Montana Power Company was founded in 1912 by John Ryan, then president of Anaconda Copper Mining Company, as a consolidation of several hydroelectric plants in Montana.
In the 1960s there was a split, culminating in Anaconda Co. resisting an MPC rate hike. In 1959 MPC bought coal mining rights at Colstrip Montana, with plans to develop coal-fired electrical generation plants there.
After developing four plants, MPC sold its Colstrip power plants in the fall of 1997 to Pennsylvania Power and Light for $759 million. The remaining power operations were sold to Northwestern Energy.
With the arrival of utilities deregulation in the 1990s, Montana Power restructured itself into a telecommunications company by 2001, Touch America Holdings, and began divesting its utility and energy holdings. The company built a fiber optics network and incurred heavy losses during the dot-com downturn in the early 2000s. Touch America filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 2003, selling its facilities to 360networks with plans to sell off remaining assets to defend against shareholder lawsuits. Litigation over the company's assets continued until early 2013, when a settlement was reached offering shareholders 29 cents per share. The shares were once worth $65.

</doc>
<doc id="18295539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295539" title="Vulturu, Vrancea">
Vulturu, Vrancea

Vulturu is a commune located in the southeastern part of Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Boţârlău, Hânguleşti, Maluri, Vadu-Roşca and Vulturu.

</doc>
<doc id="18295541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295541" title="Vizantea-Livezi">
Vizantea-Livezi

Vizantea-Livezi is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Livezile (the commune center), Mesteacănu, Piscu Radului, Vizantea Mănăstirească and Vizantea Răzăşească. It was formed in 1968 by merging the first three (the former commune of Livezi) with the latter two (the former commune of Vizantea).

</doc>
<doc id="18295542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295542" title="Vintileasca">
Vintileasca

Vintileasca is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Bahnele, După Măgura, Neculele, Poiana Stoichii, Tănăsari and Vintileasca.

</doc>
<doc id="18295543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295543" title="Vidra, Vrancea">
Vidra, Vrancea

Vidra is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Burca, Ireşti, Ruget, Scafari, Şerbeşti, Tichiriş, Vidra, Viişoara and Voloşcani.

</doc>
<doc id="18295545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295545" title="Suraia">
Suraia

Suraia is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Suraia. It included Bilieşti village until 2004, when the latter was split off to form Biliești Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18295547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295547" title="Spulber">
Spulber

Spulber is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Carşocheşti-Corăbiţa, Morăreşti, Păvălari, Spulber, Tojanii de Jos, Tojanii de Sus and Ţipău. These were part of Paltin Commune until 2005, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18295550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295550" title="Soveja">
Soveja

Soveja is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Dragosloveni and Rucăreni; the former is the commune centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18295553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295553" title="Slobozia Bradului">
Slobozia Bradului

Slobozia Bradului is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Cornetu, Coroteni, Lieşti, Olăreni, Slobozia Bradului and Valea Beciului.

</doc>
<doc id="18295554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295554" title="Rokuwa Station">
Rokuwa Station

History.
Rokuwa Station was opened on February 17, 1899 as a station on the privately held Bisai Railroad, which was purchased by Meitetsu on August 1, 1925 becoming the Meitetsu Bisai Line. The station has been unattended since May 1983.
Layout.
Rokuwa Station has two opposed side platforms. The station is unattended. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Meitetsu
 

</doc>
<doc id="18295555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295555" title="Sihlea">
Sihlea

Sihlea is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bogza, Căiata, Sihlea and Voetin.

</doc>
<doc id="18295559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295559" title="Reghiu">
Reghiu

Reghiu is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Farcaş, Jgheaburi, Piscu Reghiului, Răiuţi, Reghiu, Şindrilari, Ursoaia and Valea Milcovului.

</doc>
<doc id="18295560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295560" title="Poiana Cristei">
Poiana Cristei

Poiana Cristei is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Dealu Cucului, Dumbrava, Mahriu, Odobasca, Petreanu, Podu Lacului, Poiana Cristei and Târâtu.

</doc>
<doc id="18295561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295561" title="Paltin">
Paltin

Paltin is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Ghebari, Paltin, Prahuda, Ţepa and Vâlcani. It included seven other villages until 2005, when they were split off to form Spulber Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18295562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295562" title="Nereju">
Nereju

Nereju is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Brădăceşti, Chiricani, Nereju, Nereju Mic and Sahastru.
Economy.
Main economic activities are in the wood industry, mountainous ecological agriculture, mountainous tourism, folk arts and traditions.
Tourism.
Main touristic sights are:

</doc>
<doc id="18295565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295565" title="Fuchidaka Station">
Fuchidaka Station

History.
Fuchidaka Station was opened on October 1, 1924 as a station on the privately held Bisai Railroad, which was purchased by Meitetsu on August 1, 1925 becoming the Meitetsu Bisai Line. The station has been unattended since 1958.
Layout.
Fuchidaka Station has a two opposed side platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18295577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295577" title="Lynette Lancini">
Lynette Lancini

Lynette Lancini, born Lismore, 23 June 1970, is an Australian composer of a variety of works including orchestral, chamber, piano and vocal music.
Life.
Lynette Lancini studied music at the Queensland Conservatorium and University of Queensland. She is mostly self-taught as a composer, and she developed her language as a member of the new music collective Music for the Heart and Mind in the 1990s, with composers such as Robert Davidson, Tom Adeney, Jo-Anne Abbott, and Roland Adeney.
She currently works creatively in communication approaches including Focusing.
Works.
Lancini's works include a major cycle, Centaur, for Topology, and Overt Operation for orchestra, composed for the Queensland Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="18295578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295578" title="Răstoaca">
Răstoaca

Răstoaca is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Răstoaca, and was part of Milcovul commune from 1968 until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18295579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295579" title="Marubuchi Station">
Marubuchi Station

History.
Marubuchi Station was opened on February 17, 1899 as a station on the privately held Bisai Railroad, which was purchased by Meitetsu on August 1, 1925 becoming the Meitetsu Bisai Line. The station has been unattended since March 1971.
Layout.
Marubuchi Station has a single island platform. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Meitetsu
 

</doc>
<doc id="18295580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295580" title="Răcoasa">
Răcoasa

Răcoasa is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Gogoiu, Mărăști, Răcoasa, Varnița and Verdea.
Mărăști village was the site of the World War I Battle of Mărăşti. 

</doc>
<doc id="18295582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295582" title="Pufești">
Pufești

Pufeşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Ciorani, Domneşti-Sat, Domneşti-Târg and Pufeşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18295584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295584" title="Popești, Vrancea">
Popești, Vrancea

Popeşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Popeşti and Tercheşti. These were part of Urecheşti Commune until 2003, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18295586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295586" title="Ploscuțeni">
Ploscuțeni

Ploscuţeni () is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Argea and Ploscuţeni.

</doc>
<doc id="18295588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295588" title="Păunești">
Păunești

Păuneşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Păuneşti and Viişoara.

</doc>
<doc id="18295589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295589" title="Obrejița">
Obrejița

Obrejiţa is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Obrejiţa. It was part of Tâmboești Commune until 2004, when it was split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18295591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295591" title="Negrilești, Vrancea">
Negrilești, Vrancea

Negrileşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Negrileşti. Formerly part of Bârsești, it split off in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18295592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295592" title="Năruja">
Năruja

Năruja is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Năruja, Podu Nărujei, Podu Stoica and Rebegari.

</doc>
<doc id="18295594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295594" title="Naruja">
Naruja

Naruja() is a village in western Georgian region of Guria.

</doc>
<doc id="18295595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295595" title="Nănești">
Nănești

Năneşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Călienii Noi, Călienii Vechi and Năneşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18295596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295596" title="Kami-Marubuchi Station">
Kami-Marubuchi Station

History.
Kami-Marubuchi Station was opened on February 17, 1899 as a station on the privately held Bisai Railroad, which was purchased by Meitetsu on August 1, 1925 becoming the Meitetsu Bisai Line. The station has been unattended since March 1971. 
Layout.
Kami-Marubuchi has dual opposed side platforms, connected by a level crossing. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Meitetsu
 

</doc>
<doc id="18295597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295597" title="Millice Culpin">
Millice Culpin

Millice Culpin (1 December 1846 – 1 September 1941) was an Australian politician. Born in Hertfordshire, England, he was educated at Alleynes Grammar School and then the University of Edinburgh, after which he became a doctor. He migrated to Australia in 1891. In 1903, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Brisbane after the appearance of a second Protectionist candidate allowed him to defeat sitting member Thomas Macdonald-Paterson. Culpin was defeated in 1906 and became a suburban doctor in Brisbane. He died in 1941 and was buried in Toowong Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18295615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295615" title="Morikami Station">
Morikami Station

History.
Morikami Station was opened on February 17, 1899 as a station on the privately held Bisai Railroad, which was purchased by Meitetsu on August 1, 1925 becoming the Meitetsu Bisai Line. A new station building was completed in 2007.
Layout.
Morikami Station has a single side platform, which can serve trains of up to six carriages, and is used with services which terminate at the station. Morikami Station also has a shorter island platform, which can serve trains of up to four carriages in length. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Meitetsu
 

</doc>
<doc id="18295629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295629" title="Yamazaki Station (Aichi)">
Yamazaki Station (Aichi)

History.
Yamazaki Station was opened on January 25, 1930. The station has been unattended since March 1952.
Layout.
Yamazaki Station has a single side platform serving bi-directional traffic. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Meitetsu
 

</doc>
<doc id="18295636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295636" title="Tamano Station">
Tamano Station

History.
Tamano Station was first opened on .
Layout.
Platform.
There is one platform serving trains going both up and down the line, one set of gates, and one exit. Ordinarily the station is unstaffed. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad
 

</doc>
<doc id="18295648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295648" title="Matthew Bonnan">
Matthew Bonnan

Matthew Bonnan is an American paleobiologist and an associate professor of biological sciences at The Richard Stockton College of New Jersey. His research combines traditional descriptive and anatomical study with computer-aided morphometric analysis and modeling of vertebrate skeletons. See also Dr. Bonnan's blog on his research and teaching at The Evolving Paleontologist.
Research and teaching.
The focus of his research is limb functional morphology in dinosaurs, as well as the broader locomotor and evolutionary implications of size. He is particularly interested in the evolution and locomotor adaptations of the giant, terrestrial sauropod dinosaurs. The long-necked herbivores attained sizes no other dinosaurian or mammalian group has ever approached on land; part of sauropod success as giants may be tied to limb morphology and specializations.
Dr. Bonnan teaches a variety of anatomy-based and evolutionary biology courses at The Richard Stockton College of New Jersey covering diverse topics such as vertebrate embryology, comparative vertebrate anatomy, vertebrate evolution, systematics, dinosaurs, and general zoology.
Dinosaurs: Why so big?
Dr. Bonnan's overarching research focus is the evolution of gigantism in dinosaurs. To this end:
Dr. Bonnan in the News.
In the spring of 2008, Dr. Bonnan was involved with a new Morrison Formation dinosaur quarry in Hanksville, Utah. His expertise in the concentration of Sauropod dinosaurs were sought after by and aided the excavation efforts of the Burpee Museum of Natural History. Dr. Bonnan continues to assist the Burpee Museum in excavating the Hanksville-Burpee site.
He is also a co-discoverer of the almost-sauropod "Aardonyx celestae" which has garnered international media attention and should serve to illuminate the early beginnings of sauropod gigantism.
He is a co-discoverer of an early "prosauropod" "Arcusaurus pereirabdalorum" 
Understanding science & evolution.
Dr. Bonnan runs a webpage on science and evolution where he discusses how the so-called "battle" between science and religion is false, and provides interested students and laypersons with information and podcasts on the scope and limits of science
Dr. Bonnan now has a short educational video on the basic concept of biological evolution on YouTube.
The Evolving Paleontologist Blog.
Dr. Bonnan runs and updates the Evolving Paleontologist Blog [http://matthewbonnan.wordpress.com/] which blogs and posts on all topics related to vertebrate paleontology, functional morphology, evolutionary biology, and whatever else strikes his scientific interests. 

</doc>
<doc id="18295650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295650" title="Hagiwara Station (Aichi)">
Hagiwara Station (Aichi)

History.
The station was opened on . It was remodeled in 1955, and in 2007 it was outfitted with gates compatible with Tranpass fare cards and made unstaffed.
Layout.
Platforms.
There are two platforms, Platform 1 for Meitetsu-Ichinomiya, and Platform 2 for Tsushima.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18295653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295653" title="Danny Mulheron">
Danny Mulheron

Danny Mulheron is a New Zealand actor, writer, and director who has worked in theatre, television and film.
In 2012 he directed Fresh Meat (film) a horror/comedy film which was released in October 2012. In 2011 he directed "Rage" a television movie about the 1981 Springbok Tour, which was a Finalist in seven categories in the 2012 NZ Television Awards. In 2010 he co-wrote and directed "The Motorcamp" a stage play which is rumoured to have the 2nd to highest box office takings (ever) for a New Zealand play. In 2008 he co-directed with his wife and business partner, Sara Stretton, "The Third Richard" a feature length documentary where he tells the story of his Grandfather, a Jewish German composer whose music was banned by the Nazis, rejected in New Zealand and is now being rediscovered. In 2008 and 2010 he directed children's drama series, "Paradise Cafe" for BBC, "Emu" for ITV and "Time Trackers" for Seven Network Australia.
In 2012 he was a Finalist in the New Zealand Television Awards for Best Director Drama and in 2007 he was a Finalist for Best Director Drama in the Qantas Awards. In 2005 Mulheron co-wrote, directed and produced the comedy series "Seven Periods with Mr Gormsby", about an aging reactionary schoolteacher who gets a job working in a high school. The character began as a theatre piece, with Mulheron playing Gormsby. Melbourne Age critic Ray Cassin called the television version as "resolutely politically incorrect as it is possible for a television series to be".
The same year Mulheron directed the play The Tutor, written by his Gormsby co-writer Dave Armstrong. The play won the award for Outstanding New NZ Play at the Chapman Tripp Theatre Awards in 2005. Mulheron has acted in, written and directed award winning plays for more than twenty years. He has also worked on plays with New Zealand novelist and scriptwriter Stephen Sinclair, and writer/cartoonist Tom Scott, another of the Gormsby co-writers.
Mulheron's career has seen him host a television show about automobiles, "AA Torque Show", play the part (and piano) of Shostakovich in "Masterclass" at Circa Theatre and play a traumatised hippopotamus in Peter Jackson's "Meet the Feebles", for which he was nominated for an award for best female performance. Mulheron was also responsible for writing some of the hippopotami dialogue, along with some of the other animals in the cast.

</doc>
<doc id="18295655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295655" title="SMS Brummer">
SMS Brummer

SMS "Brummer" was a minelaying light cruiser of the German "Kaiserliche Marine"; she was the lead ship of her class. Her sister ship was . "Brummer" was laid down at AG Vulcan's shipyard in Stettin in 1915 and launched on 11 December 1915 and completed on 2 April 1916. Armed with a main battery of four guns in single mounts, she carried 400 mines. 
Despite being designed as a minelayer, the German Navy never operated her as such. She and her sister were used to raid a British convoy to Norway in October 1917. The two cruisers sank two escorting destroyers and nine of the twelve merchant ships of the convoy. The "Kaiserliche Marine" considered sending the two ships to attack convoys in the Atlantic Ocean, but the difficulties associated with refueling at sea convinced the Germans to abandon the plan. "Brummer" was included in the list of ships interned at Scapa Flow following the Armistice. On 21 June 1919, the commander of the interned fleet, Rear Admiral Ludwig von Reuter, ordered the scuttling of the fleet. "Brummer" was successfully scuttled, and unlike most of the other wrecks, she was never raised for scrapping.
Construction.
"Brummer" was ordered under the contract name "C" and was laid down at the AG Vulcan shipyard in Stettin in 1915. She was launched on 11 December 1915, after which fitting-out work commenced. Completed in less than four months, she was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 2 April 1916. The ship was long overall and had a beam of and a draft of forward. She displaced at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two sets of steam turbines powered by two coal-fired and four oil-fired Marine-type boilers. These provided a top speed of and a range of at . In service however, the ship reached .
The ship was armed with four 15 cm SK L/45 guns in single pedestal mounts; two were arranged side by side forward and two were placed in a superfiring pair aft. These guns fired a shell at a muzzle velocity of . The guns had a maximum elevation of 30 degrees, which allowed them to engage targets out to . They were supplied with 600 rounds of ammunition, for 150 shells per gun. "Brummer" also carried two L/45 anti-aircraft guns mounted on the centerline astern of the funnels. She was also equipped with a pair of torpedo tubes with four torpedoes in a swivel mount amidships. Designed as a minelayer, she carried 400 mines. The ship was protected by a waterline armored belt that was thick amidships. The conning tower had thick sides, and the deck was covered with thick armor plate.
Service.
"Brummer" was ready for service with the fleet by May 1916, though she did not steam with the rest of the High Seas Fleet for the Battle of Jutland at the end of the month. Despite the fact that they had been built as minelaying cruisers, "Brummer" and "Bremse" were never used in this capacity. In the autumn of 1917, Admiral Reinhard Scheer, the chief of the "Admiralstab", decided to supplement the U-boat campaign with surface raiders to attack the British convoys to Scandinavia. In addition to damaging British shipping, Scheer sought to divert escorts from the Atlantic theater, where his U-boats were concentrated. "Brummer", commanded by "Fregattenkapitän" Leonhardi, and "Bremse", commanded by "Fregattenkapitän" Westerkamp, were selected for the first such operation. Their high speed and large radius of action, coupled with their resemblance to British light cruisers, made them suited to the task. In preparation for the raid, their crews painted the ships dark gray to further camouflage them as British vessels.
Half an hour after dawn on the morning of 17 October, "Brummer" and "Bremse" attacked a westbound convoy about east of Lerwick. The convoy consisted of twelve merchantmen and was escorted by the destroyers and and a pair of armed trawlers. The German ruse worked, and the British destroyers initially thought they were friendly ships. They flashed recognition signals until the Germans opened fire at a range of . "Strongbow" was quickly destroyed, and as "Mary Rose" rushed to engage, she too was sunk. The Germans then quickly sank nine of the merchant vessels; the two trawlers and three merchant ships managed to escape. The British Admiralty was not informed of the attack until "Brummer" and "Bremse" were on the return leg of the voyage. Kaiser Wilhelm II celebrated the results of the attack with champagne. The success of the two ships and the commitment of heavier British convoy escorts led Scheer to attempt to attack one of the heavily defended convoys with the entire High Seas Fleet in April 1918, though this ended without success.
Late in the war, the "Admiralstab" considered sending "Brummer" and "Bremse" on a commerce raiding mission into the Atlantic. They were to operate off the Azores in concert with an oiler. The central Atlantic was out of the normal range of the U-boats, and convoys were therefore lightly defended in the area. The "Admiralstab" canceled the plan, however, after it was determined that refueling at sea would be too difficult. Another problem was the tendency of the two ships to emit clouds of red sparks when steaming at speeds over ; this would hamper evading Allied ships at night. 
"Brummer" was to have been part of the final sortie of the High Seas Fleet in October 1918, but this operation was cancelled due to the mutiny of the High Seas Fleet in Wilhelmshaven, after which "Brummer" was moved to Sassnitz.
Along with the most modern units of the High Seas Fleet, "Brummer" and "Bremse" were included in the ships specified for internment at Scapa Flow by the victorious Allied powers. The ships steamed out of Germany on 21 November 1918 in single file, commanded by Rear Admiral Ludwig von Reuter. They were met at sea by a combined fleet of 370 British, American, and French warships. The fleet arrived in the Firth of Forth later that day, and between 25 and 27 November, they were escorted to Scapa Flow. Upon arrival, all wireless equipment was removed from the ships and the breech blocks of their heavy guns were removed to prevent their use. Crews were reduced to minimum levels.
The fleet remained in captivity during the negotiations that ultimately produced the Treaty of Versailles. Reuter believed that the British intended to seize the German ships on 21 June 1919, which was the deadline for Germany to have signed the peace treaty. Unaware that the deadline had been extended to the 23rd, Reuter ordered the ships to be sunk at the next opportunity. On the morning of 21 June, the British fleet left Scapa Flow to conduct training maneuvers, and at 11:20 Reuter transmitted the order to his ships. "Brummer" sank at 13:05; she was never raised for scrapping and remains on the bottom of Scapa Flow.

</doc>
<doc id="18295663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295663" title="Futago Station">
Futago Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad
 

</doc>
<doc id="18295664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295664" title="SMS Bremse">
SMS Bremse

SMS "Bremse" was a "Brummer"-class minelaying light cruiser of the German Kaiserliche Marine. She was built by AG Vulcan Stettin in 1915 and launched on 11 March 1916 at Stettin, Germany, the second of the two-ship class after her sister, . She served during the First World War, operating for most of the time in company with her sister. The two ships took part in an ambush on a convoy in the North Sea, where they sank two destroyers in a surprise attack, before hunting down and sinking nine merchantmen, after which they returned to port unscathed.
The "Kaiserliche Marine" considered sending the two ships to attack convoys in the Atlantic Ocean, but the difficulties associated with refueling at sea convinced the Germans to abandon the plan. "Bremse" was one of the ships interned at Scapa Flow under the terms of the armistice in November 1918. On 21 June 1919, the commander of the interned fleet, Rear Admiral Ludwig von Reuter, ordered the scuttling of the fleet. She was salvaged in 1929 by teams working for Ernest Cox, though they had to contend with large quantities of oil and the risks of fires and explosions. Having been brought back to the surface after a decade underwater, she was then scrapped.
Construction.
"Bremse" was ordered under the contract name "D" and laid down at the AG Vulcan shipyard in Stettin in 1915. She was launched on 11 March 1916, after which fitting-out work commenced. Completed in less than four months, she was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 1 July 1916. The ship was long overall and had a beam of and a draft of forward. She displaced at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two sets of steam turbines powered by two coal-fired and four oil-fired Marine-type boilers. These provided a top speed of and a range of at . In service however, the ship reached .
The ship was armed with four 15 cm SK L/45 guns in single pedestal mounts; two were arranged side by side forward and two were placed in a superfiring pair aft. These guns fired a shell at a muzzle velocity of . The guns had a maximum elevation of 30 degrees, which allowed them to engage targets out to . They were supplied with 600 rounds of ammunition, for 150 shells per gun. "Brummer" also carried two L/45 anti-aircraft guns mounted on the centerline astern of the funnels. She was also equipped with a pair of torpedo tubes with four torpedoes in a swivel mount amidships. Designed as a minelayer, she carried 400 mines. The ship was protected by a waterline armored belt that was thick amidships. The conning tower had thick sides, and the deck was covered with thick armor plate.
Career.
Over the period 11–20 October 1916, "Bremse" and "Brummer" served with the High Seas Fleet in the North Sea. On 10 January 1917, the two ships laid a minefield off Norderney. They escorted minesweepers on 1–13 March based in Emden and Wilhelmshaven. Their first major offensive operation was an attack on a British convoy in October 1917. Britain had agreed to ship tons of coal per month to Norway, and a regular stream of convoys carrying shipments of coal was crossing the North Sea by late 1917. These were usually weakly escorted by only a couple of destroyers and armed trawlers. Attempts to interdict them with U-boats had to that point been ineffective, so Admiral Reinhard Scheer, the chief of the "Admiralstab", decided to deploy a surface force to carry out a surprise attack to supplement the U-boat campaign. In addition to damaging British shipping, Scheer sought to divert escorts from the Atlantic theater, where his U-boats were concentrated. "Bremse", commanded by "Fregattenkapitän" Westerkamp, and "Brummer", commanded by "Fregattenkapitän" Leonhardi, were selected for the first such operation. Their high speed and large radius of action, coupled with their resemblance to British light cruisers, made them suited to the task. In preparation for the raid, their crews painted the ships dark gray to further camouflage them as British vessels.
Half an hour after dawn on the morning of 17 October, "Brummer" and "Bremse" attacked a westbound convoy about east of Lerwick. The convoy consisted of twelve merchantmen and was escorted by the destroyers and and a pair of armed trawlers which had departed from Bergen. At dawn lookouts aboard "Stronghold" reported two unidentified ships closing on the convoy. Mistaking them for British cruisers "Strongbow" flashed recognition signals, but was suddenly fired upon at a range of by a barrage of 15 cm shells. "Mary Rose" tried to come to her assistance but was also hit; both ships were quickly sunk. "Brummer" and "Bremse" then turned their attention to the convoy, hunting down and sinking nine of the merchantmen, before returning to port. One of the armed trawlers, the "Elise", was fired on by "Bremse" while attempting to pick up survivors. None of the ships were able to send a wireless report, and despite having a squadron of sixteen light cruisers at sea to the south of the convoy, the British did not learn of the attack until 16:00, when it was too late. Admiral David Beatty said of the action that 'luck was against us.' The Admiralty responded to the raid by adding more and bigger escorts.
Late in the war, the "Admiralstab" considered sending "Brummer" and "Bremse" on a commerce raiding mission into the Atlantic. They were to operate off the Azores in concert with an oiler. The central Atlantic was out of the normal range of the U-boats, and convoys were therefore lightly defended in the area. The "Admiralstab" canceled the plan, however, after it was determined that refueling at sea would be too difficult. Another problem was the tendency of the two ships to emit clouds of red sparks when steaming at speeds over ; this would hamper their ability to evade Allied ships at night. On 2 April 1918, "Bremse" laid a minefield consisting of 304 mines in the North Sea. She laid another 150 mines in the same area on 11 April. "Bremse" and her sister ended the month with a fleet sortie with the rest of the battle fleet on 22–24 April. On 11 May, "Bremse" laid another minefield in the North Sea with 400 mines. Three days later, she laid another 420 mines in the North Sea. She was to have been part of the final sortie of the High Seas Fleet in October 1918, but the operation was cancelled due to the outbreak of mutiny in the German Fleet.
Internment and scuttling.
Along with the most modern units of the High Seas Fleet, "Brummer" and "Bremse" were included in the ships specified for internment at Scapa Flow by the victorious Allied powers. The ships steamed out of Germany on 21 November 1918 in single file, commanded by Rear Admiral Ludwig von Reuter. They were met at sea by a combined fleet of 370 British, American, and French warships. The fleet arrived in the Firth of Forth later that day, and between 25 and 27 November, they were escorted to Scapa Flow. Upon arrival, all wireless equipment was removed from the ships and the breech blocks of their heavy guns taken to prevent their use. Crews were reduced to minimum levels.
The fleet remained in captivity during the negotiations that ultimately produced the Treaty of Versailles. Reuter believed that the British intended to seize the German ships on 21 June 1919, which was the deadline for Germany to have signed the peace treaty. Unaware that the deadline had been extended to the 23rd, Reuter ordered the ships to be sunk at the next opportunity. On the morning of 21 June, the British fleet left Scapa Flow to conduct training maneuvers, and at 11:20 Reuter transmitted the order to his ships. An armed British naval party had attempted to board "Bremse" and close her bottom valves, but found that they were already below the rising waterline. Instead they blasted off her anchor chains and she was taken in tow by a tug and the destroyer , in an attempt to beach her before she sank. They managed to run her bow onto the beach, south of Cava, but the steeply sloping approach meant that her stern settled in deeper water, and she rolled over and sank in of water at 14:30, leaving her bow visible at low tide.
Salvage.
Though the Admiralty arranged for some of the ships to be salvaged, most were left at the bottom of the sound until entrepreneur Ernest Cox bought the salvage rights and began to raise the remaining ships in the early 1920s. "Bremse" presented particular challenges. She had come to rest perched precariously on a rock, which sloped away dramatically, causing fears that she might slip off and sink in deeper water. Cox's salvage team sealed her bulkheads and divided the hull into watertight compartments. The hull was patched up and an airlock fitted, but the team ran into difficulties with the large amount of oil which covered the wreck, more than had been found in any other of the ships salvaged previously. A three-man team using oxyacetylene torches ignited some oil, causing an explosion. The men escaped without serious injuries, and thereafter small explosions and fires were common over the two months it took to prepare the ship, though no one was injured.
By July 1929 the last of the superstructure had been cleared, and "Bremse" was turned upside down using techniques developed on salvaging some of the destroyers. Compressors were then used to pump air into the hull and bring her to the surface, while she was supported by 9-inch wires attached to two floating docks anchored on her port shoreward side. The salvage teams had almost raised her when she suddenly toppled onto her side and then heeled over gradually during the night, settling onto the rocks inshore.
It was thought that the failure had been caused by there being too much remaining superstructure, and attempts were made to clean out the large quantity of oil that had spilled out during the attempt to raise her. The decision was made to burn off the oil, but the fire spread and had to be brought back under control. She was again patched up and pumped with air, breaking the surface on 29 November. The "Bremse" was eventually considered too unsafe to tow to Rosyth for scrapping, as had been done with the other ships Cox had salvaged, and instead she was taken to Lyness on 30 November 1929 and broken up there.

</doc>
<doc id="18295668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295668" title="Avis Bohlen">
Avis Bohlen

Avis Thayer Bohlen (born 20 April 1940 in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania) is a diplomat and former Assistant Secretary for Arms Control (1999–2002) and United States Ambassador to Bulgaria (1996–99). 
Life.
Her parents were Charles E. Bohlen, former Ambassador to the Soviet Union (1953–57), and Avis Howard Thayer. 
She is a member of the American Academy of Diplomacy and Council on Foreign Relations.

</doc>
<doc id="18295675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295675" title="William Finlayson (Australian politician)">
William Finlayson (Australian politician)

William Fyfe Finlayson (1867 – 15 January 1955) was an Australian politician. Born in Dunbartonshire, Scotland, he was educated there before becoming an apprentice grocer. He migrated to Australia in 1887 and became a grocer in Brisbane. In 1910, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Brisbane, defeating Liberal minister Justin Foxton. He held the seat until his defeat in 1919. In 1920 he was sppointed to the Queensland Legislative Council, where he remained until its abolition in 1922. Finlayson died in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="18295679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295679" title="Kariyasuka Station">
Kariyasuka Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18295681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295681" title="Lights Out (Santigold song)">
Lights Out (Santigold song)

"Lights Out" is the third single by American artist Santogold (now Santigold), taken from her self-titled debut "Santogold" (see 2008 in music).
Release and reception.
It was announced on July 4, 2008 that "Lights Out" would be released as a single on August 11. "Lights Out", as well as an exclusive remix of the song, is used to promote Bud Light Lime. The remix was available as a free download from the beer's official website. Santi promoted the song on BBC Radio 1's popular Live Lounge programme, hosted by Jo Whiley. She performed "Lights Out" and a cover of Adele's "Hometown Glory". Lights Out also appeared in hit TV show Grey's Anatomy.
"Rolling Stone" compared "Lights Out" to "a lost Pretenders single." "NME", meanwhile, said the song "harkens back to the sleek ’80s new wave of The Cars." "Blender" seconded the comparison, saying the "butterfly fragile" song uses "chunky Cars guitars and a plaintive early-MTV synth" as a "shy come-on". "Lights Out" also received comparisons to the Pixies; "The Village Voice" stated it "channel the Pixies with a punk-pop sound fueled by spare guitar plucks, simple drum patterns, and lyrics delivered in a talk-sing stutter with random falsetto breaks." It "finds a fascinating middle ground between the Pixies and the Go-Go's", according to Pitchfork Media. Pitchfork Media placed it at #422 on its "Top 500 Tracks of the 2000s" list. PopMatters simply called the song "a sweet and eerie lullaby". ILikeMusic said that "under a pure fire pop chorus the track is as irresistible as gravity." The "Manchester Evening News" went as far to call the song "perfect, faultless: a complete peach."
Music video.
The "Lights Out" music video was directed by Kim Gehrig. The music video premiered via Pitchfork Media on August 11, 2008. It features Santigold performing in front of various colored walls and patterns — zebra print, black-and-yellow gingham, a tropical theme, cheetah and tiger prints, flamingoes, feathers, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="18295693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295693" title="Kannonji Station">
Kannonji Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18295699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295699" title="Nishi-Ichinomiya Station">
Nishi-Ichinomiya Station


</doc>
<doc id="18295706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295706" title="2008 Hall of Fame Tennis Championships">
2008 Hall of Fame Tennis Championships

The 2008 Hall of Fame Tennis Championships (also known as the "Campbell's Hall of Fame Tennis Championships" for sponsorship reasons) was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts. It was the 33rd edition of the Hall of Fame Tennis Championships, and was part of the International Series of the 2008 ATP Tour. It took place at the International Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport, Rhode Island, United States, from July 7 through July 13, 2008.
The singles field was led by Hamburg Masters doubles semifinalist and Indian Wells Masters singles finalist Mardy Fish, Sydney semifinalist and Newport defending champion Fabrice Santoro, and Marseille quarterfinalist Nicolas Mahut. Other seeded players were Pörtschach semifinalist Igor Kunitsyn, San Jose quarterfinalist John Isner, Donald Young, Frank Dancevic and Kevin Anderson.

</doc>
<doc id="18295707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295707" title="Kaimei Station">
Kaimei Station


</doc>
<doc id="18295716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295716" title="Okuchō Station">
Okuchō Station


</doc>
<doc id="18295720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295720" title="Tamanoi Station">
Tamanoi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad
 

</doc>
<doc id="18295724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295724" title="Bernat de Palaol">
Bernat de Palaol

Bernat de Palaol or de Mallorques () (fl. 1386) was a Catalan troubadour and merchant from Majorca. He was sometimes called "lo mercader mallorquí" (the Majorcan merchant). 
On 3 May 1386 Bernat participated publicly in a "partimen" (poetical debate) with Jacme Rovira before the judges Germà de Gontaut and Ramon Galbarra at the Consistori del Gay Saber in Toulouse. The subject of the debate was this: there was a young lord who loved a young lady who did not return the love, yet there was another young lady, of equal worth, who loved him deeply but to whom he was unattracted; to which of these should he devote his service? Bernat defended the second lady, but the judges found in favour of Jacme and the first lady: the lord, they said, ought to devote himself to the one he truly loves, not the one who truly loves him. 
Bernat produced only one surviving work, a combination of "maldit" and "comiat" that began "Cercatz d'uymay, ja.n siatz belha y pros". In the tradition of those genres, Bernat describes his lady as unjust and indiscrete and renounces her. The terms he uses make it clear that he has not praised this woman in any previous poem. This poem, despite its generic rhyme scheme and metre, was moderately popular: it was cited by Francesc Ferrer and Francesc de la Via in the next century and its melody was adopted for a certain song of the "Misteri d'Elx". 

</doc>
<doc id="18295742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295742" title="Vrâncioaia">
Vrâncioaia

Vrâncioaia is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Bodeşti, Muncei, Poiana, Ploştina, Spineşti and Vrâncioaia.

</doc>
<doc id="18295743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295743" title="Manfred Cross">
Manfred Cross

Manfred Douglas Cross, AM (born 12 August 1929) is a retired Australian politician. Born in Brisbane, he was educated at various state primary schools including Rainworth State School before attending Brisbane State High School. He then went to the University of Queensland, after which he became a public servant. In 1961, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Brisbane. He held the seat until 1975, when he was defeated. He was re-elected in 1980, and remained in the House until his retirement in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18295744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295744" title="Vânători, Vrancea">
Vânători, Vrancea

Vânători is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Balta Raţei, Jorăşti, Mirceştii Noi, Mirceştii Vechi, Petreşti, Răduleşti and Vânători.

</doc>
<doc id="18295746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295746" title="Vârteșcoiu">
Vârteșcoiu

Vârteşcoiu is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Beciu, Faraoanele, Olteni, Pietroasa, Râmniceanca and Vârteşcoiu.

</doc>
<doc id="18295747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295747" title="Valea Sării">
Valea Sării

Valea Sării is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Colacu, Mătăcina, Poduri, Prisaca and Valea Sării.

</doc>
<doc id="18295748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295748" title="Zeki Alasya">
Zeki Alasya

Zeki Alasya (born 18 April 1943, Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish actor and director. Alasya is of Turkish Cypriot descent and is related to Kıbrıslı Mehmed Kamil Pasha.
After studying at Robert College, he joined MTTB Theatre as an amateur actor. For a short time, he worked at Arena, Gen-Ar and Ulvi Uraz Theatre. With some friends, he founded the Devekuşu Kabare Theatre (Ostrich Cabaret Theatre).
From 1973, he started acting in films and gained fame as a comedian paired with Metin Akpınar like "Salak Milyoner", "Beş Milyoncuk Borç Verir misin", "Köyden İndim Şehire", "Güler misin Ağlar mısın", "Nerden Çıktı Bu Velet", "Nereye Bakıyor Bu Adamlar", "Hasip ile Nasip" and "Güle Güle". In 1977, he also took up directing and went on to direct films such as "Aslan Bacanak", "Sivri Akıllılar", "Caferin Çilesi", "Petrol Kralları", "Doktor", "Köşe Kapmaca", "Vay Başımıza Gelenler" and "Elveda Dostum".

</doc>
<doc id="18295749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18295749" title="Urechești, Vrancea">
Urechești, Vrancea

Urecheşti is a commune located in Vrancea County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Urecheşti. It also included Popeşti and Tercheşti villages until 2003, when they were split off to form Popeşti Commune.

</doc>
